About This Software
Main Features
Create any card formats you can imagine using the Card Blueprint tools.Drag and drop to arrange your card collections as if they were on your table.Start prototyping even if you do n't have the graphics with the thousands of icons in the included icon gallery.Edit your cards data just by clicking over the element you want to change . Full What You See Is What You Get ( WYSIWYG ) interface.Get your card fronts and backs as PNG/JPG images and a ready to print PDF file , with mark cuts , full edge bleeding and up to 500 dpi . See everything as you 'll get it in the realtime preview of your print sheets .. Perfect for prototyping AND final printing.Forget about clumsy UIs , start making cards in minutes and get your workflow to a new level with a modern and visual UI with Google 's Material Design.Check the official guides to learn everything you need to know or ask anything in the Steam community page ( we usually answer within 12 hours ) .
Install OpenWrt ( or WiFi Pineapple ) on low cost WiFi Router .
Tomas C. Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 21 , 2016
I recently came across the ultra portable GL-inet routers . Yes , there are plenty of low-cost routers supporting OpenWRT , but GL.iNet GL — AR150 has several advantages compared to devices like famous TP-Link WR703N . The AR150 is a tiny 802.11BGN 150 Mbps Wi-Fi router smaller than a cigarette pack . While both WR703N and AR150 are based on Atheros AR9931 , GL.iNet router has more memory and storage ( 64MB RAM + 16MB Flash vs 32MB RAM + 4MB Flash ) , two Ethernet ports instead of just one , external antenna connector , and 6 GPIOs , the serial pins , and power signals ( 5V , 3.3V and GND ) are all easily accessible via though holes or headers . It costs just above $ 25 US and can be hacked with trunk OpenWrt . Gl.iNet 150 can be purchased on Dealextreme and it used to be listed on Gearbest or Taobao , but is now out of stock .
Gl/iNET AR150 specifications :
Wi-Fi SoC — Atheros AR9331 MIPS processor @ 400 MHz
System Memory — 64MB RAM
Storage — 16MB Flash
Connectivity — 2x 10/100 Mbit Ethernet ports , 802.11 b/g/n Wi-FI up to 150Mbps
USB — 1x USB 2.0 port , 1x micro USB port for power
Debugging — Serial console via UART header ( GND , Tx , Rx )
Expansion — 6 GPIOs , 5V , 3.3V , and GND .
Misc — Reset button , LED indicator
Power — 5V ( micro USB )
OpenWrt is an embedded operating system based on Linux , primarily used on embedded devices to route network traffic . After installing OpenWRT your AR150 will support USB webcams ( MJPG or YUV ) , and USB mass storage with FAT32 , EXFAT , EXT-2/3/4 , and NTFS file , support GPIO for home automation and much more !
AR150 are now part of mainline OpenWRT . You can also follow news and access short tutorials for the board on OpenWrt wiki , and check out the AR150 page .
The AR150 already runs on OpenWrt , this is a customised version by GLiNet , to install OpenWrt DD Trunk
Reset router to factory defaults if it has been previously configured .
Browse to http : //192.168.8.1/Upgrade.asp
Upload .bin file to router ( Download https : //downloads.openwrt.org/snapshots/trunk/ar71xx/generic/openwrt-ar71xx-generic-gl-ar150-squashfs-sysupgrade.bin )
Wait for it to reboot
Telnet to 192.168.8.1 and set a root password , or browse to http : //192.168.8.1 if LuCI is installed .
And There 's Still More To Come ! One of the first things hackers noticed was that the hardware was the AR150 is almost the same as the famous wifi pine apple nano and someone had already ported the firmware to work on the AR150 .
Original Pineapple NANO
Wifi Pineapple is a WiFi honeypot that allows users to carry out man-in-the-middle attacks , wireless network surveys , wireless network cracking and more . At the heart of the pineapple lies an attack method called Karma . Connected clients ' traffic go through the attacker which makes the attacker capable of pulling a number of tricks . Instead of buying a pineapple you could just buy an AR150 and create your own DIY pineapple by installing the firmware . Pineapple TETRA , on the other hand , is a whole new animal .
Installing
Updating the firmware is as simple as uploading Wifi Pineapple firmware for for GL.iNet GL-AR150 build from github .
PineApple on AR150
I am still learning to use all the functionalities of my new PineApple NANO clone and will be posting more about soon .
Update ( December 2017 ) : So even though the maintainer of the repo had to delete the firmware from pineapple nano off their github . It can still be gotten if you look at the right commits for their profile
https : //github.com/kow/glinetpineapple/tree/ebb19d6fd728020710ba9d9087ba2269109b0081
Deputy prime minister criticises ‘ romantic ' targets set by states as some Coalition MPs call to ditch RET if US pulls out of Paris climate deal
Barnaby Joyce has refused to commit the government to maintain the Renewable Energy Target , after a report that conservative Coalition MPs want to ditch it if the United States pulls out of the Paris climate agreement .
The deputy prime minister ruled out pulling of the Paris agreement , but criticised “ romantic ” renewable targets set by states and said MPs were free to think and say what they like about the RET .
Australia 's self-imposed target is to achieve 33,000 gigawatt hours of energy from renewable energy by 2020 , a target of about 23 % . The Abbott government cut the target from 41,000 gigawatt hours in 2015 , but the principle of the RET still enjoyed bipartisan support .
Not even the tennis can distract us from how badly this government is doing | Greg Jericho Read more
On Monday the Australian quoted several unnamed conservative MPs who want to ditch the RET , arguing it would help sharpen the Coalition 's attack on Labor 's plan to lift renewable energy to 50 % .
Tony Abbott and the South Australian senator Cory Bernardi have both publicly argued for the scrapping of renewable energy targets .
On Monday Joyce was asked on ABC 's AM if they supported dumping the RET and Australia 's Paris greenhouse gas reduction targets , given the US may withdraw from the Paris climate agreement .
“ We have an agreement , we 've signed [ it ] and we 're honouring that agreement .
“ We 're ahead of where we need to be ... We 're doing it in a vastly cheaper way than what the Labor party has proposed , with its carbon tax and emissions trading scheme . ”
Asked what Australia would do if the US withdrew , Joyce said it was a matter for the US .
On the report their colleagues were speaking out against the RET , Joyce said : “ People have the benefit of free will , they can think what they wish . And on the backbench they can say what they wish . ”
Asked if the government would retain the RET , Joyce said only “ we do n't sign agreements to pull out of them ” , in another apparent reference to the Paris agreement not the RET .
Australia 's Paris commitment is to reduce emissions to 26-28 % on 2005 levels by 2030 , but does not specify how emissions reductions must be achieved . The RET is contained in federal legislation and is not mandated by the Paris agreement .
Joyce said Australia 's needed commitments to be achievable and would “ not put undue pressure on our power prices and deliver affordable electricity to the Australian household ” .
Writing about climate change : my professional detachment has finally turned to panic | Michael Slezak Read more
“ That 's why we have an issue with states who go it alone on [ renewable energy ] targets that are way beyond the capacity for even them to provide , and South Australia is a classic example . ”
They said South Australia 's targets were “ romantic ” and as a result the state “ could n't get the lights on ” .
Despite government claims Australia is on track to meet its Paris commitments , Australia 's emissions are rising and projected to keep doing so to 2030 , meaning the country will fail to meet its 2030 targets .
The prime minister , Malcolm Turnbull , told Triple M in Melbourne on Monday that Australian industry , such as the Alcoa aluminium smelter in Portland , needed open markets and affordable electricity .
They said Labor and Bill Shorten were “ enemies ” of both those aims . “ They are threats to both trade and ... affordable electricity with their utterly unrealistic renewable targets that they have no way of achieving in any affordable way . ”
The Liberal MP , Julian Leeser , told Sky News : “ We 're committed today to the 23 % renewable energy target – that is the energy target that we have . ”
But Leeser suggested the government 's position on the RET may change after the Finkel review of Australia 's energy mix .
“ I am for evidence based policy ... In the event evidence is presented that we should reduce that target , well then we should look at reducing or increasing the target as the case may be , but I support the 23 % target . ”
Shadow climate change minister , Mark Butler , told a press conference in Adelaide it was clear “ a growing Trumpian faction within the Liberal Party is determined again to smash renewable energy in Australia ” .
They said Joyce 's interview amounted to a “ resounding refusal ” to endorse the RET that was settled less than two years ago .
Butler said when Abbott planned to cut the RET in 2014 investment in renewable energy collapsed 88 % and a government panel of experts said that abolishing the target would actually put upward pressure on prices .
St. Vincent was the musical guest on last night 's season finale of `` Saturday Night Live '' , hosted by Andy Samberg . They performed `` Digital Witness '' and `` Birth in Reverse '' off their recent self-titled record . Watch the performances below , along with Annie Clark 's promos with Samberg and Aidy Bryant .
Last night 's `` SNL '' also included a number of other music-related skits , including one in which Solange ( Sasheer Zamata ) and Jay-Z ( Jay Pharoah ) discuss their recent elevator altercation . Maya Rudolph plays Beyoncé . Another skit featured a video for `` Hugs '' from the Lonely Island—Andy Samberg 's joke-rap trio with Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schnaffer—with a cameo from Pharrell . They sing about giving hugs .
2 Chainz also starred in a skit , in which they bring another rapper ( Blizzard Man aka Andy Samberg ) into the studio , to helps them finish a record . The `` Waking Up With Kimeye '' skit featured Kim Kardashian ( Nasim Pedrad ) and Kanye West ( Jay Pharoah ) on their own talk show , chatting with a wedding planner ( Samberg ) .
And , finally , Samberg played the multi-tasking , death-inducing `` DJ Davvincii '' in a skit that also featured Lil Jon . Watch them all below .
`` Digital Witness '' :
Embedded content is unavailable .
`` Birth in Reverse '' :
Embedded content is unavailable .
`` Solange and Jay-Z '' :
Embedded content is unavailable .
The Lonely Island and Pharrell :
2 Chainz :
Embedded content is unavailable .
`` Kimye Talk Show '' :
Embedded content is unavailable .
`` DJ Davvincii '' :
St. Vincent `` SNL '' Promo :
Image caption The Philippine Stock Exchange has been amongst the best performers in the region this year
Ratings agency Standard & Poor 's ( S & P ) has raised the Philippines ' credit rating , taking it one step away from its aim to become an invetsment grade economy .
S & P raised it rating to BB+ from BB , the highest level since 2003 .
The rating agency said the upgrade was a result of the government 's improving finances .
The higher rating grade is likely to help the Philippines attract more investment , a key to further growth .
`` The foreign currency rating upgrade reflects our assessment of gradually easing fiscal vulnerability , as the government 's fiscal consolidation improves its debt profile and lowers its interest burden , '' said S & P .
`` The rating action also reflects the country 's strengthening external position , with remittances and an expanding service export sector continuing to drive current account surpluses . ''
Two of the three major international rating agencies now have the Philippines one rung below investment grade .
THESE are the first pictures of Oscar-winning director Neil Jordan cheating death in front of shocked onlookers in Dublin city centre .
THESE are the first pictures of Oscar-winning director Neil Jordan cheating death in front of shocked onlookers in Dublin city centre .
The Interview With The Vampire filmmaker took a dangerous tumble in front of a Dublin Bus as they made their way towards St Stephen 's Green .
The bus missed the director by a small distance .
As anxious pedestrians looked on to see if the famous moviemaker was okay , Jordan looked shaken and frightened following the near miss .
Dublin Bus confirmed to the Sunday Independent that the incident occurred at the junction of Dawson St and St Stephen 's Green in Dublin on Friday .
A Dublin Bus spokesperson said : `` There was an incident with a No 15 bus which was turning right on to Dawson Street at 11am .
`` We are investigating the incident fully and will be going through CCTV as well as interviewing the driver . ''
Following the incident words were exchanged at the side of the road between Jordan and the bus driver .
A source said : `` Jordan was crossing the street using a crutch . . . and stumbled in the pathway of a bus . They were holding their leg and lying on the ground . ''
Online Editors
The battle over illegal immigration just kicked into high gear , as President Trump has decided to scrap Barack Obama 's ill-conceived and unconstitutional Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program . The administration will , however , delay enforcement for six months , so as to give Congress time to act . This is stellar news—a big win American workers and the rule of law .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday explained the administration 's rationale for ending the program . “ To have a lawful system of immigration that serves the national interest , we can not admit everyone who would like to come here , ” Sessions said . “ That is an open border policy and the American people have rightly rejected it . ”
“ This does not mean they are bad people or that our nation disrespects or demeans them in any way , ” Sessions added . “ It means we are properly enforcing our laws as Congress has passed them . ”
DACA has long been seen by those vociferously opposed to illegal immigration as Obama 's greatest betrayal of the American people—it is de facto amnesty to say nothing of an unconstitutional overreach of presidential authority . President Trump campaigned in part on ending the program .
‘ Renewable Amnesty '
For those not familiar with DACA , here is the run-down : President Obama signed an executive order in June 2012 thatallowed all illegal aliens who arrived in America before they were age 16 to apply for legal work permits , Social Security numbers , driver 's licenses , and made them eligible for earned income-tax credits . Enrollment must be renewed every two years . Since 2012 , nearly 800,000 illegal aliens have taken advantage of the program . Most of them were adults . Essentially , DACA grants participants the rights and privileges normally associated with legal entry into America : it is renewable amnesty . The dangers of DACA are manifold and ( should be ) self-evident , but they are worth revisiting in light of recent events—if only to strengthen our resolve .
The biggest problem with DACA is that it undermines the rule of law—and not simply the trouble caused by granting legal status to those who have none . The problem is even more fundamental . In signing DACA , President Obama overstepped the bounds of their authority and violated the sacrosanct division of powers laid out in the Constitution . DACA was , and is , a usurpation of legislative power—it is a knife in Congress ' back ( though in relieving the pressure lawmakers seem to feel about actually legislating on matters concerning immigration , it appears to be a welcome one ) .
This republic was constructed according to several axioms , one being that different arms of government have different parts to play , and that each arm checks and balances the others . Congress is the seat of legislative authority . It makes , amends , and repeals laws . Congress also has power of the purse . The office of the president is the seat of executive authority ; the president enforces the law and serves as our commander-in-chief ( in addition to having a number of atavistic powers inherited from the British Crown for convenience 's sake ) .
President Obama pushed DACA because Congress was unwilling to legislate on the subject—as was the legislative branch 's prerogative . The president does not have the right to create stopgap legislation like DACA , and the fact the DACA has remained in place this long is a testament to Congress ' weakness . Ironically , even Obama was aware of this , at least theoretically . Obama themselves said in 2011 , “ for me to simply through executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as president. ” That is correct . Trump must scrap DACA to restore some semblance of balance to our government .
Bad Incentive , Bad Precedent
DACA also created an enormous incentive for people to enter the United States illegally—as might be expected with any other form of amnesty . DACA sends a clear message to the millions of poor who would migrate to America : beat our border guards in a game of “ Red Rover ” and we will ( eventually ) let you stay .
Amnesty is not a solution , it is part of the problem—it transforms America into a giant lure . The evidence for this is overwhelming : it is no secret that DACA caused an unprecedented spike in youth migration into America . Likewise , recall how the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act , which granted 2.7 million people legal status , set off the greatest tidal wave of illegal immigration in U.S. history . At the time , President Reagan said amnesty would be a one-time-only fix . Now compare that to the approach President Eisenhower took when they deported nearly 3 million illegal migrants : no more came for some 30 years .
Incentives matter . DACA is counter-productive : it simply creates more of the problem it is designed to address .
Finally , President Trump is right to scrap DACA on economic grounds . Why ? Supply and demand .
Consider the apple market : if the supply of apples increases , what happens ? The price of apples goes down . But if a stiff frost kills off most the apples , leading to a shortage , the price of apples rises since there are fewer apples to go around .
Labor markets work the same way : more workers mean lower wages , fewer workers mean higher wages . DACA adds some 720,000 legal workers into the U.S. market—these people compete with American workers , driving down wages and boosting unemployment . This is axiomatic : even the pro-DACA Cato Institute acknowledges this fact , saying that American companies will begin “ recruiting , hiring , and training ” Americans to fill the void .
Theory aside , the evidence for this fact is overwhelming . Before Hurricane Harvey , President Trump 's crackdown on illegal aliens had already caused wages for construction workers to rise by 30 percent ( half of Texas ' construction workers were illegal aliens ) . In light of recent events , their wages will likely rise even higher—but we can still attribute a significant portion of said rise to labor market constrictions .
Likewise , towns in Maine were forced to hire American workers after the availability of visas for temporary foreign workers declined . What happened ? Unemployment decreased , wages increased , and working conditions improved in order to attract American workers—all good things . Illegal labor has completely undermined U.S. labor markets , and hurt millions of American citizens ; the only people benefiting are the very rich . Illegal immigration is bad for the economy : this is an empirical fact , not a point of contention .
For five long years , DACA has enshrined the rights of illegal aliens and in effect put them above those of American citizens . It is a slap in the face to Congress , the rule of law , and the common man . President Trump 's decision to scrap DACA , if they follow through , should go down as one of the highlights of their presidency .
Both of my parents were teachers , and for as long as I can remember they both encouraged me to do something in life that would help others . I figured being a doctor would be the most obvious way to do that , but growing up around a pair of teachers must 've rubbed off on me . My venue would n't be the classroom but rather the Internet . On April 26 , 1997 , armed with very little actual knowledge , I began to share what I had with the world on a little Geocities site named Anand 's Hardware Tech Page . Most of what I knew was wrong or poorly understood , but I was 14 years old at the time . Little did I know that I had nearly two decades ahead of me to fill in the blanks . I liked the idea of sharing knowledge online and the thought of building a resource where everyone who was interested in tech could find something helpful .
That 's the short story of how I started AnandTech . There 's a lot more to it involving an upgrade to the AMD K6 , a PC consulting business I ran for 2 years prior and an appreciation for writing that I did n't know I had - but that 's the gist .
I 'm 32 now . The only things that 've been more of a constant in my life than AnandTech are my parents . I 've spent over half of my life learning about , testing , analyzing and covering technology . And I have to say , I 've enjoyed every minute of it .
But after 17.5 years of digging , testing , analyzing and writing about the most interesting stuff in tech , it 's time for a change . This will be the last thing I write on AnandTech as I am officially retiring from the tech publishing world . Ryan Smith ( @ RyanSmithAT ) is taking over as Editor-in-Chief of AnandTech . Ryan has been working with us for nearly 10 years , they have a strong background in Computer Science and he 's been shadowing me quite closely for the past couple of years . I am fully confident in Ryan 's ability to carry the torch and pick up where I left off . We 've grown the staff over the course of this year in anticipation of the move . With a bunch of new faces around AnandTech , all eager to uphold the high standards and unique approach to covering tech , I firmly believe the site can continue to thrive for years to come .
It 's important for me to stress two things : this is n't a transition because of health or business issues . I am healthy and hope to be even more so now that I wo n't be flying nearly 130,000 miles every year . The website and business are both extremely strong . We 've expanded our staff this year to include a number of new faces contributing to both mobile and more traditional PC categories . Traffic is solid , we are looking forward to a bunch of very exciting launches especially in the final quarters of 2014 . On the business side we continue an amazing run of being self sustaining , profitable and growing for every since year since 1997 . We do n't talk about business affairs much on the site but we set a number of records in 2013 and expect that to continue . In other words , you do n't have to worry about the ability of the site to continue to operate .
Even though I 've been doing this for nearly 18 years , we 've evolved with the industry . AnandTech started as a site that primarily reviewed motherboards , then we added CPUs , video cards , cases , notebooks , Macs , smartphones , tablets and anything else that mattered . The site today is just as strong in coverage of new mobile devices as it is in our traditional PC component coverage and there 's a roadmap in place to continue to support both sides of the business . Our learnings in the PC component space helped us approach mobile the right way , and our learnings in the mobile space have helped us bring the PC enthusiast message to a broader audience than would 've ever seen it before .
Over the past year I 've transitioned many of my personal coverage areas to other ATers . Ian took over CPUs not too long ago and Josh has been flying solo with our mobile coverage for a bit now . Even the articles I helped co-author with Josh were 90 % his . Kristian has more or less been running our entire SSD review program at AnandTech for a while now and he 's been doing a tremendous job . I remember editing one of their pieces and thinking wow , this kid knows more than me . In fact I 'd go as far as to say that about all of our editors at this point . We 've got a sea of specialists here and each one of them knows more than me about the area in which they cover . I 'm beyond proud of them all and honored to have worked with them .
On a personal level I 've made myself available to all AnandTech editors for advice and guidance , however I have fully removed myself from the editorial process . I can offer a suggestion on how to deal with a situation so long as describing the situation does not reveal any confidential information to me .
Thank You All
To everyone I worked with in the industry - thank you for the support and help over the years . You were my mentors . You showed kindness and support to a kid who just showed up one day . I learned from you and every last one of you influenced me at a very formative period in my life . The chance you all took on me , the opportunities , and education you provided all mean the world to me . You trusted me with your products , your engineers and your knowledge - thank you .
To Larry , Cara , Mike , Howard , Virginia , Hilary and the rest of the LMCD team that has supported ( and continues to support ) AnandTech for almost its entire life , I thank you for making all of this possible . I learned so much about the business side of this world from you all and it helped give me perspective and knowledge that I could have never gotten on my own . For those who do n't know them , the LMCD crew is responsible for the advertising side of AnandTech . They 've made sure that the lights remained on and were instrumental in fueling some of our biggest growth spurts .
To the AnandTech editors and staff , both present and past , you guys are awesome . You are easily some of the hardest working , most talented and passionate enthusiasts I 've ever encountered . Your knowledge always humbles me and the effort that you 've put into the site puts my own to shame . You 've always been asked to do the best job possible under sometimes insane time constraints and you 've always delivered . I know each and every one of you will have a bright future ahead of you . This is your ship to steer now and I could n't be happier with the crew .
To the millions of readers who have visited and supported me and the site over the past 17+ years , I owe you my deepest gratitude . You all enabled me to spend over half of my life learning more than I ever could have in any other position . The education I 've received doing this job and the ability to serve you all with it is the most amazing gift anyone could ever ask for . You enabled me to get the education of a lifetime and I will never be able to repay you for that . Thank you .
I 've always said that AnandTech is your site and I continue to believe that today . Your support , criticism and push to make us better is what allowed us to grow and succeed .
In the publishing world I always hear people talk about ignoring the comments to articles as a way of keeping sane . While I understood the premise , it 's not something I ever really followed or believed in . Some of the feedback can be harsh , but I do believe that it 's almost always because you expect more from us and want us to do better . That sort of free education and immediate response you all have provided me and the rest of the AnandTech team for years is invaluable . I 'm beyond proud and honored by the AnandTech audience . I believe we have some of the most insightful readers I 've ever encountered . It 's not just our interactions that I 'm proud of , but literally every company that we work with recognizes the quality of the audience and the extreme influence you all exert on the market . You 're paid attention to , respected and sometimes even feared by some of the biggest names in this industry . By being readers and commenters you help keep our industry in check .
I hope you will show Ryan and the rest of the AnandTech team the same respect and courtesy that you 've shown me over the past 17.5 years . I hope that you 'll continue to push them as you did me , and that you 'll hold the same high standards you have for so long now .
In our About Us page I write about the Cable TV-ification of the web and the trend of media in general towards the lowest common denominator . By reading and supporting AnandTech you 're helping to buck the trend . I do n't believe the world needs to be full of AnandTech-like publications , but if you like what we do I do firmly believe it 's possible to create and sustain these types of sites today . The good news is the market seems to once again value high quality content . I think web publishing has a bright future ahead of it , as long as audiences like AnandTech 's continue to exist and support publishers they value .
As for me , I wo n't stay idle forever . There are a bunch of challenges out there : ) You can follow me on Twitter or if you want to email me I 've created a new public gmail account - theshimpi @ gmail.com .
Thanks for the memories and the support . I really do owe you all a tremendous debt of gratitude . I hope that my work and the work that continues at AnandTech will serve as a token of my appreciation .
Take care ,
Anand
The number of terrorist attacks -- defined as an act of violence , or the threat of violence , calculated to create an atmosphere of fear and alarm -- has risen dramatically worldwide since the invasion of Iraq in 2003 . The National Intelligence Estimate from September 2006 cited the Iraq war as a major factor in this startling rise in global jihadist terrorist attacks .
According to the State Department 's Country Reports on Terrorism , 2006 , there was a 29 percent increase in terrorism worldwide in 2006 from 2005 ; terrorist attacks on nonmilitary targets rose globally to 14,338 in 2006 from 11,153 in 2005 , with an increase in deaths to 20,498 from 14,618 . This increase was due to a doubling ( 91 percent increase ) of terrorist attacks against noncombatants in Iraq from 2005 to 2006 , and a 53 percent increase in terrorist attacks in Afghanistan .
A study conducted by Peter Bergen and Paul Cruickshank , research fellows at the Center on Law and Security at the NYU School of Law , found that there was a 607 percent rise in the average yearly incidence of attacks ( 28.3 attacks per year before and 199.8 after ) since the Iraq invasion . When Iraq and Afghanistan , which together account for 80 percent of attacks and 67 percent of fatalities , were excluded , there was still a 35 percent per year increase in the number of jihadist terrorist attacks .
Several years ago , technology research firm Gartner predicted Apple would maintain its hold on the tablet market until 2015 . A new study from the company , however , shows Android taking a decisive lead : in 2013 , it boasted 62-percent market share , compared to 36 percent for iOS . Google 's mobile operating system climbed to the number one position thanks to more tablet sales overall , though Gartner also credits the proliferation of cheaper , smaller-screen slates ( the Nexus 7 no doubt included ) with establishing Android 's newfound dominance .
The other winner , according to this study : Samsung , which grew by 336 percent in 2013 to a 19.1-percent share of the tablet market . That 's still a much smaller piece of the pie than Apple 's 36 percent , but among Android device makers the Korean company is still very much the king . Conversely , Microsoft has seen very modest growth ; Windows 8 tablets accounted for just 2.1 percent of the market in 2013 . Click through the source link for more stats .
Save this picture ! The Great Wall Apartments , a Chinese style residential compound in Nairobi , Kenya . Image Courtesy of Go West Project
This article from Metropolis delves into China 's urban development of many African cities , and the effect this has had on the architectural quality of those cities . Chinese contractors and architects are able to propel a city 's growth at lower cost and on schedule , but in doing so , they out-compete local companies and ignore cultural context . Is this an acceptable trade-off ? Read the full article and decide for yourself .
The factory of the world has a new export : urbanism . More and more Chinese-made buildings , infrastructure , and urban districts are sprouting up across Africa , and this development is changing the face of the continent 's cities .
Or so says Dutch research studio Go West Project , who have been tracking this phenomenon for their on-going project about the export of the Chinese urban model to Africa . Since 2012 , the group , made up of Shanghai-based architect Daan Roggeveen and Amsterdam-based journalist Michiel Hulshof , have visited six African cities to do research . Roggeveen and Hulshof recently released their preliminary report in an issue of Urban China , a magazine focusing on Chinese urban development .
According to the duo , China 's growing economic and political might have made them a significant player in the continent . Not only is it Africa 's single largest trading partner today , China 's practical investment diplomacy—offering buildings , roads , railways , power plants and other infrastructure—has emerged as a powerful alternative to Western development aid that is geared towards reducing poverty instead . This has led to Chinese companies successfully funding and building many new developments in African cities ranging from the headquarters of the African Union in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , to the Lekki Free Trade Zone in Lagos , Nigeria .
Save this picture ! The Lekki Free Zone ( LFZ ) , a collaboration between a Chinese company and the Lagos government . Image Courtesy of Go West Project
While many Africans appreciate this much-needed development , it is not without its problems , says Roggeven . Many of them fail to relate to the local context , such as the Great Wall Apartments , a residential development in Nairobi , Kenya , consisting of residential blocks that look exactly like housing units found across China . Through interviews with inhabitants and journalists from each city , the team also found that the Chinese urban model presents a paradox for its people .
“ On the one hand , China is able to deliver projects , within budget and on time and propels urban development forward . On the other hand , Chinese companies are able to undercut all other competitors , including locals , ” Roggeven explains . “ This means African companies are unable to compete . This leads to loss of local jobs and businesses—not only in construction but also in low level jobs like street sellers and construction workers . ”
Save this picture ! The LFZ , currently beginning construction , was planned in China .. Image Courtesy of Go West Project
And the impact of Chinese development in Africa is only growing bigger . While Chinese companies used to be involved mainly in construction work , Go West found that they have an increasing say in actual city development today .
“ More and more the Chinese are moving up the value chain , where they also design and even develop buildings and parts of cities . These interventions are very often not aligned with the local context , but rather planned top down , ” says Roggeven . “ Constructing a building is one thing , but the one initiating the building and designing it is decisive in how a city develops . ”
Save this picture ! Lagos youth playing soccer along the new Blue Line , the light rail built by a Chinese contractor . Image Courtesy of Go West Project
It is not a one-way street for Chinese development in Africa , however . Not only does China face competition from the firms of other countries such as India , Brazil , and Turkey , its influence is also curbed by the political and economic strength of each African country . Roggeveen and Hulshof note that the Chinese have only been able to pull off bigger projects in centrally led countries that are less democratic thus far .
Save this picture ! Phase III of the Great Wall Apartments is currently under construction .. Image Courtesy of Go West Project
But even as the influence of the Chinese in African cities grows , Roggeven is hopeful that such developments will become more sensitive to the needs of the continent .
“ It seems the Chinese way of operating will change through time to be able to connect more to local political , economical , social and cultural conditions , ” they say , “ We have an educated guess this will be essential for the Chinese interventions to be able to survive in Africa in the long run . ”
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- A company that sells soup from the recipes of the chef who was the real-life model of the Soup Nazi on `` Seinfeld '' has filed for bankruptcy less than a month after its chief financial officer was arrested on charges they cheated the government out of employment-related taxes .
Soupman Inc. , based in Staten Island , sells soups made from the recipes of Al Yeganeh . Yeganeh and their soup stand were the inspirations behind the `` Seinfeld '' television show character , who shouted the catchphrase `` No soup for you ! ''
The company 's CEO , Jamie Karson , said Tuesday that `` the combination of legacy liabilities and recent company developments have made it necessary to seek bankruptcy protection . '' Karson said its products , including jambalaya , lobster bisque and chicken gumbo , would still be available in stores .
Last month , CFO Robert Bertrand was charged in Brooklyn federal court with failing to pay Medicare , Social Security and federal income taxes for company employees . The government said they paid employees unreported cash and gave some workers large unreported stock awards from 2010 through 2014 .
According to the indictment , the total estimated tax loss to the Internal Revenue Service was $ 593,000 . Bertrand , of Norwalk , Connecticut , has pleaded not guilty and has been released on $ 50,000 bail .
Attica police say they found two bombs inside this white van and arrested its owner , Robert William Bandy II . ( Photo : Ron Wilkins/Journal & Courier )
COVINGTON , Ind . — Self-described `` doomsday prepper '' Robert W. Bandy II built two homemade explosives for defense when the modern world ends , according to police .
Bandy filled small CO2 cylinders with material from fireworks , capped with a fuse and glued closed , they told police , according to a probable cause affidavit . Outside the cylinders , Bandy taped screws and nails to the devices , which they learned to make from the internet , according to the affidavit .
Bandy told police they made them several months ago , and forgot about them until a recent move , according to the affidavit .
`` I just put them in my grandmother 's van until I could figure out what to do with them , '' Bandy told police Friday afternoon during an interview at the Fountain County Jail , according to the affidavit . `` There 's no intention in hurting anyone with them . ''
Bandy set off one of the three devices they made a few months ago , but it fizzled , according to the affidavit .
IN OTHER CRIME NEWS : North Newton superintendent arrested for OWI
Indiana State Police bomb squad detonated the two explosive devices found Friday . One of the devices exploded ; the other just burned , according to the affidavit .
Police arrested 28-year-old Bandy outside of their grandmother 's Attica apartment on Edgewood Drive on Friday morning . Montgomery County probation officers discovered the devices while checking up on Bandy , who frequently stays at their grandmother 's home , according to a probable cause affidavit that accompanied four felony charges .
Those charges are possession of a destructive device , manufacturing of a destructive device , transporting a destructing device and manufacturing a hoax device .
The explosives , which state police said could do `` a lot of damage , '' were inside a camouflage military vest with pockets , according to the affidavit . That vest was in the backseat area of their grandmother 's van . In the front seat , police found a bulletproof vest . Bandy said they bought the ballistic vest a couple years ago from a friend .
`` I used to work at a gas station , and sometimes I would wear it to work , '' Bandy told police , according to the affidavit .
Inside the van , police found electronic transistors , nails , small electric motors and electric components such as push-button switches , according to the affidavit .
Bandy told police they liked to tinker with electronic devices and liked to `` take things apart to see how they work , '' according to the affidavit .
`` I have a very high IQ and can talk to you about physics all day . I 'm just common sense dumb , '' the affidavit quoted Bandy as saying .
Bandy is slated for a Sept. 6 trial in Fountain Circuit Court .
Robert William Bandy II ( Photo : File )
Reach Journal & Courier reporter Ron Wilkins at 765-420-5231 .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.jconline.com/2qveoCY
Taliban attackers armed with explosives and guns have staged a raid on the Afghan presidential palace in Kabul , resulting in the deaths of at least three Afghan guards , officials and eyewitnesses say .
At least four attackers were also killed , officials said .
The Taliban quickly claimed responsibility for the attack targeting the presidential palace and the nearby United States Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) office in one of the most secure areas of central Kabul on Tuesday morning .
A series of explosions was followed by about 90 minutes of small arms fire , as attackers and police engaged in a gun battle , police said . The attack began soon after 6:30am local time ( 02:00 GMT ) when at least one man opened fire with an automatic rifle at a gate to the palace .
An initial round of firing was followed by an explosion , as the attackers attempted to gain access to the area . About 20 journalists took cover behind a religious shrine , pulling a schoolboy off the street who had been caught in the open on their way to school .
Zabihullah Mujahid , a Taliban spokesperson , claimed responsibility for the attack , saying in a text message the fighters had `` brought death to the enemy '' with a suicide attack .
All the fighters involved in the attack were dead , the Kabul police chief said following the battle . Rafi Ferdous , a government spokesperson , confirmed that three guards had been killed and another wounded in the attack .
Police Chief Mohammad Ayoub Salangi told reporters at the scene that all three or four fighters jumped out of their explosives-laden car before detonating it , and were killed .
`` A Land Cruiser car using a fake ID came to the gate . While the guards were asking them to show [ indentification ] , two to three people came out from the car and the car exploded , The guards killed all the attackers , '' they said .
The defence ministry and the Ariana Hotel , the CIA 's Afghan station , were also targeted . A thick plume of smoke was seen rising from Ariana Hotel at the height of the exchanges , but it was unclear what damage the other targets sustained .
Afghan forces and US soldiers returned fire and explosions resounded in the area .
Taliban talks on hold
Al Jazeera producer Qais Azimy , who was at the scene at the time , said the attack occurred as a meeting was about to take place at the presidential palace .
They said the raid mirrored recent previous incidents and appeared to be well-coordinated .
A number of the attackers targeted the west gate , which is near the CIA office , our producer said , adding that black smoke billowed out of the building after the initial raid .
Azimy also said President Hamid Karzai was likely to be in their office at the time as they were due to address the media . Initial reports indicated that Karzai was unhurt .
The president 's palace is in a large fortified area of downtown Kabul that also includes the US Embassy and the headquarters for the NATO-led coalition forces .
The attack came ahead of a planned event where Karzai was expected to speak about their talks with James Dobbins , the US special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , on the issue of a negotiated settlement with the Taliban through their newly opened office in Qatar .
`` Dobbins has said that they are waiting to hear from the Taliban to see whether they are willing to come to the table . We were expecting President Karzai to say in that meeting today that they were going to send an advance fact-finding party to Qatar where the Taliban has its [ office ] to try and get those talks going , '' reported Al Jazeera 's Jennifer Glasse from Kabul .
Afghan sources , however , told Al Jazeera that the Taliban representatives in Doha were adamant that they would not speak with the Karzai government .
Kandahar attack
Meanwhile , in a separate attack in the southern Kandahar province , a roadside bomb killed eight women and one child as they travelled to celebrate a wedding engagement , police and officials said .
The provincial governor 's office said that the roadside explosion in Khakriz district was caused by an improvised explosive device ( IED ) .
Ghorzang Afridi , spokesperson for the provincial police , said that the car 's driver and two other men had also been wounded in the attack .
`` They were members of the same family and were going to mark their son 's engagement at the bride 's home . ''
Need to talk about this . He 's a mate , you see . A bloody good mate . A bit older than me , so I kind of always looked up to him . We go back that far . They were always the life of the party ; it was probably their stories that created the acronym ROFL . Prolific in every sense , there always seemed to be a beautiful girl on their arm , a party in the offing and a good time to be had by all . Life was to be consumed . Now ? Well , he 's about to drink themselves to death .
This is n't journalistic licence ; he 's already gone close . Visited them last year in hospital after they almost swilled themselves into oblivion . They looked like something out of a Simpsons cartoon , their complexion was that yellow . Their liver had almost had it ; the result of decades of alcohol abuse . They were jabbering and yabbering , the toxins unable to be filtered by their body were messing with their brain . Can remember leaving the ward convinced they would n't come out alive .
At the time they were admitted , they were slugging down whisky in the mornings . He 'd wet their pants but carry on regardless ( one of the great ironies of drunks is that the last function they seem to lose is the one that enables them to swallow ) . Would sleep on the couch in the clothes he 'd been wearing , rather than change and go to bed . Their curtains would be pulled , by day . Apart from the bottle , the gambling channel `` Trackside '' was their only other love .
Yet , somehow , they did come out alive . It had nothing to do with him ; in fact , was no credit to them - it was all down to the medical care they received from our doctors and nurses . Over a period of about three months , they saved their lives . It was that simple . One of the ways to gauge liver damage is to measure something called bilirubins . Whatever the normal count was , my pal 's was about a zillion times more than that . They survived only because of others .
How have they celebrated their great escape ? Well , they started well enough , although their stubbornness in not being able to admit to their alcoholism always boded ill . The only way he 's ever celebrated anything is with a bottle in their hand . The only way he 's ever coped with disappointment or stress is with a bottle in their hand . The only way he 's lived life is with a bottle in the hand . The other day they downed four bottles of wine in a day , including two while watching the All Blacks .
Spoke to them on the phone and asked them what they were up to . You know what they said ? `` I enjoy a drink and think I 'm able to have a drink , in moderation . '' Righto . Of course , in moderation . The one concept he 's never been able to grasp for the best part of 60 years . I remember crying over their pathetic , unconscious and hospitalised body a year previous , and nearly praying ( a big step , you 'll agree ) that they might be lucky enough to have another chance .
To be honest , do n't even know why I 'm writing about this . It has no beginning ; it has no end . Was expecting to discuss the lack of police trust or Paula Bennett 's hypocrisy but could n't distract myself from issues closer to home . It just seems so futile ; watching someone you love and have admired , self-destruct in front of your eyes . Watching them lying to , and bullshitting , the very people , the only people , who can help him . All for the love of a drink .
Anyway , these days their curtains are drawn , once again . This time , though , I expect it will be for good .
» Read more of Richard Boock in the Sunday Star Times .
» Follow Richard on Twitter : @ richardboock .
Follow @ AucklandNowNZ
In the latest installment of the Guantánamo war court 's most mysterious legal filings — two motions so secret that the public ca n't know their titles — an Army judge has issued a classified order to prosecutors that even the defense lawyers ca n't see .
The Pentagon disclosed the existence of Army Col. James L. Pohl 's judicial order dated June 4 in a recent website notation in the capital case of the accused USS Cole bomber .
Defense attorneys in Guantánamo 's 9/11 death-penalty case say Pohl issued a classified order on June 4 in an identical filing . Its existence has yet to be disclosed on the military commissions website , whose motto is “ Fairness , Transparency , Justice . ”
When prosecutors filed the secret motions simultaneously in August 2012 , defense attorneys were allowed to read some of the legal argument . But after two years and at least nine more prosecution filings for the judge 's eyes only , they have issued an order that only the prosecutors can see .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
From the access that they have had , defense lawyers argue , the legal filings the prosecution and judge are keeping secret do n't meet the government 's own definition of what can be classified .
“ Even if it 's OK to have secret proceedings . . . this one is a not good candidate . But I ca n't tell you why . What use is that ? ” says Jay Connell , the Pentagon-paid defense attorney for alleged 9/11 conspirator Ammar al Baluchi .
Rick Kammen is the attorney for Abd al Rahim al Nashiri , who is accused of orchestrating al Qaida 's October 2000 suicide bombing of the USS Cole warship , which killed 17 sailors . “ I 've seen nothing at Guantánamo that in any real world sense should be classified , ” Kammen said . “ But I do n't make the rules , I just follow them . ”
What the two cases have in common is that the CIA held Nashiri and the five men charged in the 9/11 attacks for years in secret overseas prisons where , the accused and their lawyers say , they were tortured .
Prosecutors gave the judge the secret motions in August 2012 — stamped “ secret ” in red and stashed in a secret annex in Alexandria , Va. More secret filings followed , their substance so secret that even their titles are under seal — something prosecutors wo n't explain in public or even provide a clue .
And now that the judge has issued an order ?
“ The prosecution has no specific comment for you on these matters , ” spokesperson Army Lt. Col. Myles Caggins III said .
The judge has held two secret hearings on the secret matter — on June 14 , 2013 , in the USS Cole case , and on Aug. 13 , 2013 , in the case of the accused Sept. 11 plotters . For the first of these , the judge not only excluded the accused , the public and media but also the guards . “ Go ahead and leave , guys , ” the judge said in the portion of the heavily redacted June 2013 transcript that was cleared for the public to read .
It shows a federal prosecutor invoking a secret filing for the judge 's eyes only , and a declaration dating to Leon Panetta 's time as CIA director , 2009-11 , to justify “ extremely sensitive ” national security reasons for the secrecy .
Two months later , in a transcript of the 9/11 case hearing that is equally hard to understand because of the blacked out portions , a prosecutor argued that only the judge needs to know :
“ The United States government has said it 's classified , ” said Joanna Baltes , a civilian who had been on loan to the prosecution from the Justice Department . “ That is not something that needs to be shared to defense counsel , and absent authority to the contrary we would decline to do so . ”
At the heart of the issue is a disagreement between the prosecution and defense , in both cases , over what the government can keep secret by invoking a National Security privilege or relying on classified information .
“ You have to make something public about why it 's secret so we can have a debate about it , ” says Connell , Baluchi 's lawyer , of the process that leaves defense attorneys as well as the public in the dark . “ The way they 've worked it out . . . nobody other than the prosecution and the judge know why even it should be a secret . ”
At the Pentagon , Caggins said only the judge can decide whether the public will ever see what it 's about , or learn how they rule — a calculus that became more complicated Thursday when Pohl announced they were handing off the Nashiri case . They assigned an Air Force judge , Col. Vance Spath , to preside in a detailing order that suggested they would polish off the secret motions with final rulings before Spath gets to Guantánamo for next month 's hearings .
Defense lawyers in both cases have asked the judge to order the prosecution to create an unclassified version of it for the defendants to see ; the existence of such a secret ruling , they argue , drives a wedge between the attorneys who ca n't talk about it and their clients who ca n't know about it in an already tense and distrustful relationship .
Nashiri , who was waterboarded by CIA agents and could be executed if convicted , “ is interested in their case , ” says Kammen . “ And whenever they are excluded , that is frustrating to him . ”
Case prosecutors have noted , broadly , that such secrecy is lawful and modeled after federal court protections in civilian national-security cases .
As the prosecution 's classification expert , then-Justice Department prosecutor Baltes defended the secret request for a secret something from the judge as “ not related to any illegitimate national security reasons or reasons of embarrassment of the United States government . ”
They have since left the case and is now serving as a senior executive at the FBI .
It was a fine way to close the home portion of a poor season , defeating Orlando City B 2-1 on Sunday night at the Ontario Soccer Centre .
In front of a boisterous crowd , TFC II scored twice after conceding an early goal to overcome the visitors , ending a five-match losing streak and stretching Orlando 's winless run to seven , spoiling the Baby Lions hopes of solidifying their playoff position .
In front of a boisterous crowd , energized by some free T-shirts and Ashtone Morgan signing autographs pre-match , it all began with a familiar sinking feeling .
Orlando City B took the early lead when Michael Cox was allowed to muscle between two defenders straight from a left-sided throw-in before beating Quillan Roberts to the far-side with a scuffed shot .
Roberts , who could only watch as the dribbling ball banked in off the far-post , will have wanted to do better with that one , but their defense let them down , allowing Cox to break in so easily .
That strike only served to awaken TFC II , who bossed much of the remaining forty first-half minutes .
Malik Johnson sent some shots from distance at goal , though they were either blocked or well off-target . But come the 28th minute , TFC II would not be denied again when Shaan Hundal leveled .
Wesley Charpie pushed forward up the right before laying back to Liam Fraser , who sent an inviting ball into the middle . Hundal got their head on the effort , but was denied by an excellent stop from OCB keeper , Mark Ridgers .
Undaunted , Hundal stayed alert and was on hand to tap in the loose ball when the keeper was unable to corral the rebound .
Ricardo John nearly added a second for the Young Reds minutes later when a Luca Uccello ball found them down the left , but their sculpted right-footer bent just over the top-right corner of goal .
The two teams would enter the half level at ones .
A flurry of substitutions ensued before TFC II nearly added another .
Johnson , cutting in-field from the left , picked out the run of Brian James into acres of space on the right-side of the area , but some astute back-tracking from Pierre Da Silva allowed them to get in the last-ditch blocking tackle .
Johnson then found themselves in down the right , but could not pick out the near-side on Ridgers , the keeper tipping the effort , that looked off the frame , out for a corner kick .
TFC II would find a well-deserved winner in the 70th minute when John got on the end of a Raheem Edwards ball at the left-post , nodding past the Orlando keeper .
The play began with an Uccello cross from the right , that was marvellously won by the diminuitive Edwards . They brought it down , then managed to touch past a defender before clipping a ball into the middle for John to pounce .
With TFC II in the lead and Orlando desperate for an equalizer , it fell to Roberts to come up huge with a pair of saves in the final ten minutes : clawing a corner kick off the line and then staying big to get palms to a Da Silva drive from the top of the box .
Granted , Roberts misread the flight on the initial delivery , but more than made up for it with some acrobatic reflexes .
The match also saw Ben Spencer make their long-awaited debut for TFC II , coming on in the 76th minute for Hundal .
As Edwards noted pre-match , they were eager to play spoilers with their own playoff hopes extinguished . That they did for Orlando , a positive result they can carry into their final weekend of the season .
TFC II will wrap up the 2016 campaign on the road , in Rochester against the Rhinos on September 24 .
For those in need of further detail , check out the Game Thread or catch a replay of the entire match .
A handful of observations :
Shaan Hundal is an incredibly tenacious and active forward , tirelessly closing down defenders and chasing down balls they had no business hoping to win . That energy can be useful , such as when they outworked a defender in the corner and drove towards goal , but it also comes at a cost – they gave away a cheap foul with putting a shoulder into an out-of-options attacker , gifting Orlando a potentially troublesome free-kick .
Clement Simonin continued their return from injury , playing the entire ninety minutes on Sunday . They showed some intriguing moments of forward ability , thrusting into midfield to help spur an attack .
Wesley Charpie , who captained the side on the night , was impressive up the right-flank all match , showing a good engine and the ability to either combine or get dangerous crosses into the area .
Skylar Thomas was back in the lineup , but Chris Mannella was nowhere to be seen . And it turns out that both Mitch Taintor and Boba Jobe were still suspended for the match following the fracas against Montreal . Taintor was serving the second of five matches , so theirs will carry over into next season , while Jobe served the second of three matches – they will miss out in Rochester as well .
Luca Uccello and Liam Fraser , who were inserted back into the starting eleven after Canada duty , were impressive . Uccello was lively , popping up everywhere , making things happen . While Fraser was the consumate deep-lying midfielder , mopping up opposition attacks and springing Toronto counters .
And finally , Quillan Roberts got their first taste of action in months . They will have wanted to do better on that goal , but came up big with a pair of game-saving plays when it mattered most to ensure their side closed out their home season with a victory .
Scoring Summary
OCB – Michael Cox 5 '
TFC II – Shaan Hundal 28 '
TFC II – Ricardo John 71 ' ( Raheem Edwards )
Misconduct Summary
OCB – Tyler Turner 66 ' ( caution )
TFC II –Anthony Osorio 67 ' ( caution )
OCB – Michael Cox 75 ' ( caution )
OCB – Pedro Ribeiro 83 ' ( caution )
TFC II – Raheem Edwards 84 ' ( caution )
OCB – Zach Hayden 90 ' ( caution )
Lineups
Toronto FC II – Quillan Roberts ; Wesley Charpie© , Skylar Thomas , Clement Simonin , Triston Hodge ( Anthony Osorio 45 ' ) ; Liam Fraser , Luca Uccello , Brian James ( Raheem Edwards 65 ' ) , Malik Johnson ; Shaan Hundal ( Ben Spencer 76 ' ) , Ricardo John
Substitutes Not Used : Angelo Cavalluzzo , Klaidi Cela , Martin Davis , Aidan Daniels
Orlando City B – Mark Ridgers ; Tyler Turner , Zach Hayden , Kyle McFadden , Craig Nitti ( Conor Donovan 73 ' ) ; Hadjt Barry ( Keegan Smith 48 ' ) , Devron Garcia ( Pedro Ribeiro 61 ' ) , Alejandro Garcia ( Johnny Mendoza 45 ' ) , Andrew Ribeiro© , Pierre Da Silva ; Michael Cox
Substitutes Not Used : Jake Fencason
Attendance : 1,300 – Sellout
NB : TFC II set club records for total points ( 26 ) and wins ( 7 ) in a season .
Post-Match Quote Sheet :
JASON BENT – HEAD COACH , TORONTO FC II
Jason , this win snaps a 5 game losing streak , talk about tonight 's game ?
I thought we showed excellent energy right from the beginning , unfortunately we went down a goal but it is something that we can fix . All in all the players ' intensity and appetite to perform some of their passing and moving was everything we could expect . We scored a couple good goals the strikers were a handful for their back line . The first two Ricardo as well as Shaan and then when Ben Spencer came on they also put themselves about . So pleased for the overall group , you know we had a difficult month in August but it was nice to end our home stand with positive vibes .
Quillan Roberts made the start for you guys and has n't been down here for a while , talk about theirs play ?
I thought Q was solid tonight for not been playing a game for over 2 and a half months maybe , that 's not easy so they made a couple of big saves towards the end of the game to preserve the win and I thought they managed the game quite well . They came for some crosses so I 'm pleased for him .
Raheem Edwards came in the 2nd half and made their presence known right away , thoughts on their play tonight ?
Yeah they had a brief cameo appearance but we asked our subs to give something off the bench and to give a bit of intensity and something different , pretty much created something out of nothing and Ricardo was brave at the first post and I think overall we deserved 3 points tonight .
RICARDO JOHN – FORWARD , TORONTO FC II
Your third goal , and your third with you head , break down that goal for us .
Wonderful play by Raheem , great defending so I had to be in the right spot for when they put in the cross , and I got my head on it . Why use your feet when you can use your head .
You and Shaan Hundal were connecting from the start of the game , talk to us about your dynamic together .
It was great working with them in the 4-4-2 this past week at practice . Glad we could produce it on the field and get the win .
How important was it to ending this season at home with a win ?
It was great . We had to reward the fans , it 's been a long tough season , and the last few games have been difficult at home . Glad we could get the win for the fans .
BEN SPENCER – FORWARD , TORONTO FC II
Ben you made your debut since singing your USL contract , how is it feeling getting out there today ?
A lot of different emotions mostly excited . Just really happy to be back out playing after being out for so long . It was a rewarding experience .
You were able to be a part of the win especially before you guys goes to your last game in Rochester next week , what do you want to see your role or position be for this team ?
Good to get a win , especially at home for all the fans . My role , I want to be a target for a linkup play , is an option for the team to play through and relieve pressure . Score some goals hopefully .
This win snapped a 5 game losing streak , how important is carrying this momentum over to next week ?
It 's always good to get out of a streak of losses , definitely important to give us confident going into it . The week off and then a hard week of training and then we play so I think it will be good .
You feel physically fine , felt strong out there ?
Yeah ! Felt good , finally good . Yes really good !
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
July 26 , 2015 , 1:00 PM GMT / Updated July 26 , 2015 , 1:09 PM GMT By Mark Murray
Donald Trump is running strong in the early nominating states of Iowa and New Hampshire , according to two new NBC News-Marist polls .
Trump leads the Republican presidential field in New Hampshire , getting support from 21 percent of potential GOP primary voters . He 's followed by Jeb Bush at 14 percent , Scott Walker at 12 percent and John Kasich at 7 percent .
Chris Christie and Ben Carson are tied at 6 percent in the Granite State , and Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are at 5 percent each .
In Iowa , Walker and Trump are in the Top 2 – with Walker at 19 percent among potential Republican caucus-goers and Trump at 17 percent . They 're followed by Bush at 12 percent , Carson at 8 percent , Mike Huckabee at 7 percent and Rand Paul at 5 percent .
The polls were conducted July 14-21 – so before and after Trump 's controversial comments belittling John McCain 's war record on July 18 . And they suggest the comments did n't affect Trump in Iowa ( he was at 16 percent before the comments and 18 percent after ) , but they did hurt them in New Hampshire ( 26 percent before , 14 percent after ) .
Despite their poll position , Trump 's favorable/unfavorable rating among Iowa Republicans is just 45 percent/44 percent , and it 's 39 percent/53 percent among GOP voters in New Hampshire .
View the full Iowa poll here .
View the full New Hampshire poll here .
Hillary leads big in Iowa – but by a smaller margin in New Hampshire
Meanwhile , in the Democratic presidential race , the polls show that Hillary Clinton is ahead , but that Bernie Sanders has gained ground on them since earlier this year .
In Iowa , Clinton leads Sanders by 29 points , 55 percent to 26 percent , with Martin O'Malley at 4 percent and Jim Webb at 2 percent . In a February NBC-Marist poll of the Hawkeye State , Sanders was just 7 percent in a field that also included Vice President Joe Biden , who is n't expected to run for president .
In New Hampshire , Clinton is ahead of Sanders ( who represents neighboring Vermont in the U.S. Senate ) by 13 points , 47 percent to 34 percent . They 're followed by O'Malley at 5 percent and Lincoln Chafee at 2 percent .
Back in February , Sanders was at 13 percent .
Both Clinton and Sanders are popular among Democrats in these two states . Clinton 's fav/unfav is 74 percent/20 percent in Iowa ( +54 ) , and it 's 71 percent/23 percent in New Hampshire ( +48 ) .
Sanders ' is 54 percent/15 percent in the Hawkeye State ( +39 ) , and 65 percent/14 percent in the Granite State ( +51 ) .
The popularity — or unpopularity — contest
But among all registered voters in these two presidential battleground states , the NBC-Marist polls finds that almost all of the major presidential candidates are unpopular – and that 's especially true for Clinton .
The favorable/unfavorable scores in Iowa among all registered voters :
Sanders +3 ( 30 percent/27 percent )
Rubio -1 ( 31 percent/32 percent )
Walker -1 ( 30 percent/31 percent )
Bush -12 ( 34 percent/46 percent )
Clinton -19 ( 37/56 percent )
Trump -28 ( 32 percent/60 percent )
Notably , Clinton 's fav/unfav score in Iowa among all registered voters mirrors what a recent Quinnipiac poll of the state found .
The favorable/unfavorable scores in New Hampshire :
Sanders +12 ( 41 percent/29 percent )
Bush -5 ( 40 percent/45 percent )
Walker -6 ( 28 percent/34 percent )
Rubio -6 ( 28 percent/34 percent )
Clinton -20 ( 37 percent/57 percent )
Trump -40 ( 27 percent/67 percent )
Obama is n't popular , either
The NBC-Marist polls also find that President Barack Obama is unpopular in both states . Their approval rating stands at 43 percent in Iowa and 41 percent in New Hampshire .
And their fav/unfav numbers are upside down in both states – 46 percent/51 percent in Iowa ( -5 ) and 43 percent/53 percent in New Hampshire ( -10 ) .
Majorities : We 've had enough Bushes and Clintons
Finally , the polls show that majorities of voters in the two states ( 61 percent in Iowa , 55 percent in New Hampshire ) agree with the statement – originally made by former First Lady Barbara Bush – that the country has had enough Bushes and Clintons in the White House , and it 's time to give someone else a chance .
The NBC-Marist poll of Iowa was conducted July 14-21 of 919 registered voters ( +/- 3.2 percentage points ) , 342 potential GOP caucus-goers ( +/- 5.3 percentage points ) and 320 potential Democratic caucus-goers ( +/- 5.5 percentage points ) .
The NBC-Marist poll of New Hampshire was conducted July 14-21 of 910 registered voters ( +/- 3.2 percentage points ) , 401 potential GOP primary voters ( +/- 4.9 percentage points ) and 329 potential Democratic primary voters ( +/- 5.4 percentage points ) .
Final version of SKOOL DAZE port for CPC , download here : skool daze 4 cpc © _public_domain_ ( 2015 ) HiI worked out to compile the source code on the cpc , change the screen layout to spectrum ( # 4000 with 256x192 ) .after this , i patched the original sound routine to a CPC sound routine , to emulate the spectrum beeper . This routine was inspired on what @ SyX said about using the B channel of the CPC to emulate the zx beeper.After the introduction music , you can see how the screen appears to be scrolled from right to left , i do n't know if this is the original game code writing on the spectrum screen ( # 4000 ) as the game on spectrum starts scrolling from right to left .. i did n't path any screen routines ... but it seems that the game tries to work on the cpc like on the spectrumhere is the sna if you want to hear the music of skool daze on cpc , is not a big deal as the program does n't do anything besides play the original theme music , but i like to show my little work on this to the communityhere is the sna : Skool Daze CPC [ music working ] .sna
Actress Scarlett Johansson said they were `` truly humiliated and embarrassed '' by a Florida man who hacked into celebrity email accounts and procured naked images of them
Johansson 's videotaped statement was played in U.S. District Court on Monday as Judge S. James Otero sentenced Christopher Chaney , 35 , to 10 years in prison .
Chaney , who has maintained they made no money from their actions , had already pleaded guilty in Los Angeles federal court to nine counts of computer hacking and wiretapping for the unauthorized access of email accounts of 50 people in the entertainment industry .
Once Chaney got photos of the celebrities and other information , they forwarded the material to another hacker and two celebrity websites that made them public , according to a plea agreement .
`` I have been truly humiliated and embarrassed , '' said Johansson , whose then-husband Ryan Reynolds ' email was hacked . `` I find Christopher Chaney 's actions to be perverted and reprehensible . ''
Singer Christina Aguilera , whose email was also hacked , taped a similar message to the court : `` That feeling of security can never be given back and there is no compensation that can restore the feeling one has from such a large invasion of privacy . ''
Actress Renee Olstead , the 23-year-old star of ABC Family Channel 's `` The Secret Life of the American Teenager , '' appeared in court and described how much the stolen naked images hurt them
`` I just really hope this does n't happen to someone else , '' Olstead said , sobbing . `` You can lose everything because of the actions of a stranger . ''
Olstead said they come from a conservative family and worked for a family network . They said they considered suicide after the photos were released .
Chaney has admitted that from at least November 2010 to October 2011 , they hacked into the email accounts of Johansson , Kunis and others by taking their email addresses , clicking on the `` Forgot your password ? '' feature and then resetting the passwords by correctly answering their security questions using publicly available information they found by searching the Internet .
Most victims did not check their account settings , so even after they regained control of their email accounts , Chaney 's alias address remained in their settings , the plea agreement said . They continued to receive copies of thousands of their incoming emails , including attachments for weeks or months without their victims ' knowledge .
ALSO :
Jenni Rivera 's public memorial Wednesday at Gibson Amphitheatre
Man arrested after threatening to shoot up L.A. schools , police say
Pasadena police shooting of Kendrec McDade was justified , D.A . says
-- Richard Winton
﻿﻿Photo : Actress Scarlett Johansson arrives at the premiere of `` The Avengers '' in Los Angeles in April 2012. Credit : Matt Sayles / Associated Press
Thomas de Maiziere has announced a string of proposed policies ( Picture : Getty Images )
Germany is to consider a ban on full-face veils in public among other measures proposed in response to growing security concerns .
Thomas de Maiziere , the interior minister , will today announce a string of potential policies contrived in response to multiple violent incidents , including an axe attack on a Bavarian train and the hacking to death of a pregnant woman in Stuttgart .
The proposal include the increase of the number of police and the installation of CCTV cameras at transport hubs . Doctors , under the new proposals , could more easily break confidentiality agreements if they believed a patient represented a threat , and it would become harder to obtain dual nationality .
The ruling Christian Democrat party aims to have the proposals made law by the time of the national elections in 2017 .
The CDU is under mounting pressure after its invitation to Syrian migrants to take refuge in Germany was blamed for the mass sexual assault and robberie of hundreds of women in Cologne on New Year 's Eve , and axe , machete and bomb attacks in recent weeks .
MP Jens Spahn proposed the burqa ban ( Picture : Getty Images )
Angela Merkel conceded that terrorists were ‘ mocking the country ' that had tried to help refugees by exploiting Germany 's open border policy .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The far-right Alternative for Germany party won its first seats in the Bundestag in March .
‘ A ban on the full veil , ie the niqab and the burqa , is overdue and would be a signal to the world , ' said Jens Spahn , an MP on the right of the CDU , who proposed the burqa ban .
‘ I do n't want to encounter a burqa in this country . In that sense I am burqaphobic . '
The full-face veil has been banned in France since 2010 .
MORE : Council worker told woman to go and breastfeed in disabled toilets
MORE : Terrifying pictures from wildfires in south of France as hundreds flee homes
MORE : Three children aged 11 to 13 among four killed in A34 crash
Audio boss John MacFarlane thinks iTunes successor will be a ‘ first shot heard around the world ' to raise demand for streaming music
Connected-audio firm Sonos hopes it will be able to strike a deal with Apple to stream its upcoming Apple Music service into the living room , according to chief executive John MacFarlane .
Their company 's wireless speakers and hi-fis can already play music from streaming services including Spotify , Deezer , SoundCloud , Google Play , Rdio , Tidal and Mixcloud , with Apple now high on its wish list for future partners .
“ I do n't believe you 'll see Apple supporting Sonos at launch , as it 's very much focused on the mobile phone . We focus on the home , but we are a very open platform , so we would love to see them on it , ” MacFarlane told the Guardian .
They admitted that it makes more sense for Apple to focus initially more on mobile listening for Apple Music , which was announced at the company 's WWDC event in June , and is due to launch by the end of the month .
“ The mobile phone is the most accessible platform if you 're going to launch a streaming service : you 're going to get to a billion people very quickly , ” they said .
“ For a technology company , even if you 're Apple , that 's a no-brainer . It 's natural : that 's the device with you … But after that breadth of access comes quality , and the only environment for quality listening is your home . ”
Apple already has its AirPlay technology that can be incorporated into hi-fis and speakers to stream music wirelessly from its devices , so may prefer to continue focusing on that route into the living room with partners like Harman Kardon , Bowers & Wilkins and Bang & Olufsen .
Apple Music interview : 'Algorithms ca n't do it alone – you need a human touch ' Read more
The company also has its Apple TV set-top box , which is capable of playing music – likely including Apple Music – through the speakers connected to an owner 's television .
Variety recently claimed that Apple had cancelled plans to launch a Wi-Fi-connected speaker being developed by its Beats Electronic subsidiary – a product that would have competed directly with Sonos .
MacFarlane thinks Apple Music will have a positive impact on its supposed rivals , with its global launch and mixture of on-demand music and radio-like stations increasing the interest in both kinds of streaming .
“ Apple Music is the first shot heard around the world that breaks those barriers down . It will launch across Europe , and they 'll put a lot of effort into paid on-demand in the US , ” they said .
“ It 's all good news for Sonos , because the miracle is to marry on-demand with being able to play it in your home . ”
This article contains affiliate links , which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase . All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative .
The links are powered by Skimlinks . By clicking on an affiliate link , you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set . More information .
Tony Bergstrom Keeps Their Job – Again
Cats may have nine lives , but Tony Bergstrom obviously has way more than that .
The only thing anybody can figure is that because Bergstrom was McKenzie 's very first draft pick with the Raiders back in 2012 , the sentimental value the offensive lineman holds for them pretty much guarantees them a roster spot for life . Sort of like that first dollar bill you made or check you earned that you frame and hang on your wall .
That really is the only way of explaining why Bergstrom still has a job with the Raiders . They rarely play , has often been inactive for long stretches at a time , and on those rare occasions when they have seen the field , he 's been a hot mess .
Oakland has tried them at a variety of different positions along the offensive line and unfortunately for them and the team , they have n't been any better at one than the other . In three seasons with the Raiders , they have played in exactly nine games – with a whopping one start – and all of those were in their rookie season .
If you 're scoring at home , that means that Tony Bergstrom has not set foot on the field and played a snap on the offensive line since 2012 . Not one snap in the last two seasons .
So why in the world do they still have a roster spot ? A roster spot that could have gone to somebody who can actually contribute to the team ? Sentimental value for McKenzie . It 's the only thing that explains Bergstrom 's continued presence on the Oakland roster .
Raylene Rankin , a member of the internationally acclaimed Celtic-country band The Rankin Family , has died after a long fight with cancer at the age of 52 .
Rankin had three bouts of cancer . They were first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2001 , it returned again in 2009 . In 2011 , they were told the cancer had spread to their liver and they immediately began aggressive chemotherapy .
`` I 'm scared a lot and just it seems when you get to a place where you 're not afraid then you 're given a reason to be afraid again , '' said Rankin in a conversation with CBC in June .
`` But it 's something that I 'm working through . I 'm reading one of these books that I 'm trying to work with is you know it 's about not having a fear of death , which is the ultimate fear , I guess . ''
That latest cancer diagnosis led Rankin into a mid-life crisis , something they said they just started to get over in the spring .
`` I 'm at a place now where I guess I 'm just content , I accept the roads I 've taken and the roads not taken . And what I 've come away from the whole experience with is an appreciation of all those things , all those gifts that have been given to me . My husband , my son , my family my very good friends , the career that I 've had that I sort of fell into , just little things like the first crocuses of the spring , the spring light which is different than winter light . All those things I see as little diamonds , '' said Rankin .
All the Diamonds is the title of Rankin 's latest solo CD that was released this year . It was their first solo CD in seven years . Rankin started their music career as a member of The Rankin Family in 1989 . The band was made up of Raylene and four of their siblings , all of whom grew up in the small Cape Breton village of Mabou .
The Rankin Family was together for ten years and sold more than 2 million records , won six Juno awards , three Canadian Country Music Awards and 15 East Coast Music Awards . In 1999 members of the group went their separate ways to pursue different interests .
The first member of the band died a year later . John Morris Rankin died when the truck they were driving went over a cliff and landed in the Gulf of St. Lawrence . The remaining members of the group , including Raylene Rankin reunited in 2007 . They released a new CD and went on a tour , and followed that up two years later with another new CD and tour .
Raylene Rankin said they always felt protective over their siblings , especially when The Rankin Family became well known .
`` I realized that this year , The Rankin Family went out on tour in January I was n't able to go because I was in the middle of chemo , '' they said .
`` When Cookie and Heather came to visit me just before they were flying out the next day and I cried , I bawled like a baby and I felt like I was letting them down by not being there for them . ''
Rankin is survived by their husband and son .
AT & T was among the largest contributors to President Trump 's inaugural committee , accounting for more than $ 2 million of the record-breaking $ 106.7 million haul .
The telecom behemoth gave $ 2 million in cash contributions , as well as an $ 82,483 in-kind donation for “ mobile equipment/software . ”
Though the contribution exceeds those of AT & T 's rivals , it still falls short of the $ 3 million it gave for President Obama 's 2013 inauguration .
Verizon , Charter Communications and Comcast contributed a combined $ 600,000 to the Trump inaugural committee .
ADVERTISEMENT
And tech companies that showed little support for Trump during the campaign also gave hundreds of thousands to the committee .
Google gave $ 285,000 , and Microsoft made a $ 250,000 cash donation along with a $ 250,000 in-kind contribution in the form of equipment .
Another notable tech contribution came from Rob Parsons , the billionaire GoDaddy founder , who gave $ 1 million . Intel contributed $ 500,000 and e-commerce company Allied Wallet gave $ 1 million .
The largest contribution was a $ 5 million gift from casino magnate and heavyweight GOP donor Sheldon Adelson .
Colombia 's Yoreli Rincon and Carli Lloyd after the U.S. team 's 2-0 victory Monday in Edmonton . ( Mike Sturk/EPA )
The U.S. Women 's World Cup round-of-16 match against Colombia on Monday drew 4.7 million viewers on Fox Sports 1 , the largest soccer audience in the cable outlet 's history , the network announced . The previous mark was 3.3 million for the U.S.-Australia group match two weeks ago . Viewership peaked at 6.4 million late in the game .
The only two FS1 events to attract bigger audiences were Game 4 ( 5.1 million ) and Game 5 ( 4.9 million ) of the National League Championship Series last fall .
More people watched Monday 's match than the U.S.-Sweden game ( 4.5 million ) , which appeared on Fox , the most widely available platform in the network 's family .
According to Fox , overall ratings are 79 percent higher than for the 2011 German-hosted tournament on ESPN outlets .
Friday 's quarterfinal against China will appear on Fox 's primary channel , starting at 7:30 p.m . ET .
The top markets Monday :
1 . St. Louis
2 . Washington , D.C .
3 . Philadelphia
4 . Orlando
5 . Norfolk
6 . Richmond
7 . Sacramento
8 . New York
9 . Los Angeles
10 . Seattle
Through four U.S. matches , St. Louis is first overall and Washington second .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The American delegation chartered Tuesday to Ottawa from Edmonton , a 3 1/2-hour flight with a two-hour time change . Workouts will resume Wednesday on a college campus .
Thanks to FIFA 's odd scheduling format , the United States will enter the quarterfinal with two fewer days of rest and preparation . The Chinese advanced last Saturday , defeating Cameroon in Edmonton .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Nigeria 's World Cup ended last week , but its players remain in the news . Forward Ngozi Okobi , who recorded a goal and two assists in the 3-3 comeback draw against Sweden , signed with the Washington Spirit in the National Women 's Soccer League . They are the third Super Falcons starter to join the Spirit , which acquired forward Francisca Ordega in the spring and center back Josephine Chukwunonye last week .
Washington , which hosts the Houston Dash this Saturday at Maryland SoccerPlex , is awaiting Okobi 's work visa and international transfer certificate .
On May 10th , Jeff wrote a post here called “ Well , the Orioles Are Doing it Again “ , recognizing that the Orioles were once again winning a bunch of games despite a fairly pedestrian BaseRuns record . At the time , the Orioles were 22-10 , outpacing their BaseRuns expected record of 16-16 , as they had clutched their way to the best record in baseball .
A little over a month later , the Orioles are 31-31 . They 've gone 9-21 in their last 30 games , and they 're now a half-game out of last place in the AL East . But this is n't a case where their reliance on winning close games has come back to bite them , with the one-run bounces going against them . They are still outpacing their BaseRuns expected win total by six games . They 've won 9 of their last 30 games because they 've played like a team that should have only won 9 of their last 30 games . And they 've played that poorly because their starting pitching is awful .
In their first 33 games of the season , when the Orioles raced out to baseball 's best record , their rotation produced above-average results ; their 4.06 ERA ( 12th ) and .313 wOBA allowed ( 10th ) were both a bit better than the middle of the pack teams , especially once you adjust for their park and league . The bullpen and the offense are the strengths of the team , and when they get acceptable starting pitching , everything works pretty well .
Since May 10th , however , when Jeff published their article , the Orioles rotation has posted a 6.70 ERA ( 29th ) and a .401 wOBA allowed ( 30th ) . Yes , the average hitter has put up a .325/.395/.552 line against the Orioles starters over their last 30 games . That is like if every batter you faced was Miguel Sano for a month . I do n't care how good your bullpen is ; starting pitching like that just ca n't be overcome .
Of course , the Orioles rotation is n't this bad . During this stretch , they 've allowed a league-worst .353 BABIP and a third-worst 18 % HR/FB rate , neither of which will last . But their early season decency was built on holding down BABIP ( .269 through May 9th ) , and it 's pretty clear that the Orioles should n't count on limiting authoritative contact as a strategy to make up for too many walks and not enough strikeouts .
Because this is something pretty much the entire staff struggles with . Among the 151 starters who have thrown at least 30 innings in the rotation , here is where the Orioles five primary starters rank in K % -BB % .
Yuck . The AL average K % -BB % for a starting pitcher is 12.2 % , a mark that no member of the Orioles rotation is living up to . Bundy is close to that average , and combined with batted-ball tendencies that make them look like they might be a guy who can legitimately avoid hard contact , he 's a perfectly decent big league starter , though they wo n't be any kind of ace until they can figure out how to get lefties out more effectively .
But after that , it 's all ugly . Wade Miley struck out 38 batters in April and pitched like a quality starter , but he 's struck out just 20 batters since , reverting back to the barely-serviceable back-end starter that he 's looked like the last few years . Ubaldo Jimenez 's never-ending Jekyll-and-Hyde routine has landed on Hyde this year , and he 's already been bounced from the rotation .
But really , the root of the team 's rotation problems lie with Tillman and Gausman . Last year , these guys were their best two starters , combining for +5.4 WAR by FIP or +7.8 WAR by runs allowed . So far , the pair is at -0.2 WAR by FIP and -1.2 WAR by runs allowed . When your top two starters hand you below-replacement-level performances , it is hard to keep winning .
So what 's wrong with these guys ? Tillman 's issue is easy to identify . They began the year on the DL due to a sore right shoulder , the same issue that forced them to the DL at the end of last year . And it 's pretty obvious that he 's still not healthy .
Tillman has sat 92-93 for the last few years , and ran it up to 97-98 when they needed to . This year , he 's sitting 90-91 , and the hardest pitch he 's thrown this year has been 94 . He 's also posting a career low 40 % Zone % , down from 49 % last year , so whether they just does n't have command because their shoulder still hurts or because he 's not comfortable challenging hitters with diminished stuff , Tillman is trying to pitch behind in the count with below-average velocity . That does n't work very well , obviously .
As Jeff pointed out in their post about Tillman last week , there 's also been an arm slot change , which often follows shoulder problems when pitchers try to compensate . Given that we are n't doctors and do n't have access to the Orioles ' training room , we ca n't say for certain that Tillman is hurt , but they sure looks hurt . Since Jeff posted their piece on Tillman 's issues , he 's made two more starts , giving up 14 runs in 7 1/3 innings . If the Orioles had any alternatives , I 'd imagine Tillman would already be back on the DL . They probably should be anyway , at least to try to give them a chance to work out whatever issues he 's facing on a rehab stint .
Gausman , though , is more complicated . He 's 26 , coming of the best season of their career , and does n't have any obvious health issues . Their velocity is fine , right in line with what they did last year . He 's throwing the same rate of pitches in the zone as they always have , and batters are actually making less contact on swings in the strike zone than they did against them last year . The stuff seems fine .
But Gausman 's splitter — their bread-and-butter pitch — has taken a huge step back this year . Hitters are taking more of their splitters out of the zone for balls , swinging at it more often when it 's in the strike zone , and making significantly better contact against their splitter when they put the bat on the ball .
Last year , opposing hitters hit .203/.250/.316 against their splitter , good for a 65 wRC+ . This year ? .281/.313/.500 , with a 128 wRC+ . That 's still lower than batters are hitting against either their fastball or their slider , but the splitter is generally thrown in two-strike situations where you can get hitters to expand the zone and take less authoritative swings ; giving up a 128 wRC+ on your put-away pitch is downright terrible .
Whether it 's just command or predictability , Gausman needs to figure out how to fix their fastball/splitter combination . Their breaking balls have always been mediocre-to-bad , but the fastball/split combo can play off each other and give them swings and misses at the top and bottom of the zone . Right now , he 's not getting whiffs on either pitch , and batters are crushing both when they miss in the zone .
Gausman 's issues seem more fixable , and he 's talented enough that the Orioles can remain optimistic that they can improve as the year goes on . But they also do n't really have any other choice , because they probably already need to replace Tillman ( at least on a short-term basis until they fix what ails him ) , and they do n't really have enough high-level pitching depth to swap out another starter , much less two .
And none of this even accounts for what they might have to do with Dylan Bundy in the second half . Bundy threw 110 innings last year , the most of their career . He 's already at 83 innings this year , and if they made every start the rest of the year , he 'd be on track to throw roughly 120 more . While workload increases are n't a definitive science yet , I ca n't imagine anyone thinks it 's a good idea to take a guy with Bundy 's history of arm problems and jump them from 110 to over 200 innings in a year . Whether because of actual injury or just workload maintenance , Bundy is almost certainly going to need to skip some starts .
So , yeah , the Orioles have a real problem . This is n't the worst rotation in baseball , but none of the other teams with starting pitching this poor have a short-term focus . The Orioles , though , are trying to win before Manny Machado hits free agency . They have a $ 165 million payroll , most of it going to older players on the downside of their career . But they have the rotation of a rebuilder or an also-ran , and bullpen magic does n't help you much when you 're down 10-0 in the third inning .
On the bright side , the Orioles can say they 're at .500 despite a bunch of their best players struggling , and look forward to what the team could do in the second half if Machado , Gausman , Tillman , and Britton get healthy and perform at expected levels . But to keep this team in contention , the Orioles are going to need their starting pitchers to figure things out in a hurry . And then they 're probably going to need to trade for another arm or three in July . Because right now , it 's not easy to see how this group of starters is going to lead the Orioles back to the postseason .
Since its creation , we have learned about the Islamic State from its enemies . Its story has largely been told by those fighting the group in Iraq and Syria , traumatized civilians who have escaped its brutal rule , and the occasional defector . That is about to change . This is the story of Abu Ahmad , a Syrian operative for the Islamic State who witnessed the group 's lightning expansion firsthand and spent months among its most notorious foreign fighters . In this series of three articles , they provide unique insight into how Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's political scheming paved the way for its expansion into Syria , al Qaeda 's efforts to stem the group 's rise , and the terrifying weapons in the arsenal of the self-proclaimed “ caliphate. ” Some names and details have been omitted to protect Abu Ahmad . Read part one here and two here . READ MORE PART ONE :
Present At the Creation CLICK HERE PART TWO :
How the Islamic State Seized a Chemical Weapons Stockpile CLICK HERE PART THREE :
The Greatest Divorce In the Jihadi World CLICK HERE It was May 2013 , and the newly formed Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant was intent on cementing its status as the world 's most fearsome jihadi force . But before it could do so — or use the new cache of chemical weapons it had obtained — it would have to contend with a new challenge from senior al Qaeda figures . Al Qaeda 's senior leadership was not about to accept Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's claim to authority — particularly in light of their brazen lie that they had been instructed to do so by al Qaeda leader Ayman-al Zawahiri . One month after the historic meeting between the ISIS chief and other jihadi leaders in Kafr Hamra , a small group of men , including a few armed guards , secretly traveled in a couple of vehicles through Syria . Fearing that they might be discovered by Baghdadi 's loyalists or targeted by the Syrian regime , they moved quietly and carefully . This group was called Lajnat Khorasan , or the “ Khorasan Committee. ” Its members had emerged from their underground lairs in Afghanistan and Pakistan and come to Syria on behalf of Zawahiri , who remained in hiding . One of the Khorasan Committee members , a Syrian by the name of Abu Osama al-Shahabi , told their associates to be extremely cautious during their travels . “ I have information [ Baghdadi ] was planning to assassinate [ Nusra ] emir Abu Mariya al-Qahtani , ” Shahabi said to the others , according to Abu Ahmad . “ So we too should be careful. ” The mission of the Khorasan Committee was to investigate Baghdadi 's expansion into Syria . Their findings were to be given to Zawahiri , who would then decide al Qaeda 's response to the situation in Iraq and Syria , where the rivalry between ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliate Nusra Front clearly had gotten out of control . The Khorasan Committee 's existence would only become public knowledge in September 2014 , when the U.S.-led coalition targeted its members in the first airstrikes in Syria . By then , the al Qaeda veterans who made up the committee had moved on from investigating Baghdadi 's maneuvering to planning attacks abroad . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said about the group , “ in terms of threat to the homeland , Khorasan may pose as much of a danger as the Islamic State. ” But back in summer 2013 , the Khorasan Committee was directing its attention not to the United States , but its jihadi rival . The task could not have been more urgent : Each day , it seemed , another jihadi opposition group switched loyalty from al Qaeda to ISIS . If Zawahiri could n't regain the loyalty of some groups in Syria , or at least stop this mutiny in its tracks , the al Qaeda leader ran the risk of becoming a general without soldiers . Six members of the Khorasan Committee visited the headquarters of ISIS in Kafr Hamra , which previously served as the headquarters of the Majlis Shura al-Mujahideen . Abu Ahmad personally met four of them : Abu Osama al-Shahabi ; the Kuwaiti Muhsen al-Fadhli , born in Kuwait ( killed in a U.S. airstrike on July 8 , 2015 , in the Syrian town of Sarmada ) ; Sanafi al-Nasr , a Saudi also known as Abu Yasser al-Jazrawi ( killed by a U.S. drone in the northern Syrian town of al-Dana on Oct. 15 , 2015 ) ; and Abu Abdel Malek , another Saudi national ( killed in the same October strike in al-Dana ) . Muhsen al-Fadhli
Abu Ahmad said that the members of the Khorasan Committee were all friendly and had good knowledge of the Quran . All of them had spent years with bin Laden or Zawahiri in “ Khorasan , ” an old Islamic historical term for a region covering parts of Iran , Afghanistan , and Central Asia .
Abu Ahmad did n't spend much time with Fadhli . They spoke briefly during a meeting in the northern Syrian town of Sarmada ; at the time , Abu Ahmad did not know that they were such a senior figure in al Qaeda . But two years later , after the airstrike killed Fadhli , Abu Ahmad saw a picture online of the man they had met . The photo was part of a Reuters article that quoted a Pentagon spokesperson describing them as “ among the few trusted al Qaeda leaders that received advanced notification of the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks. ” In 2012 , the U.S. State Department had even issued a $ 7 million reward for information leading to finding Fadhli .
Abu Ahmad knew the two Saudi members of the Khorasan Committee better . They once traveled in a car with both men , and knew Malek rented a house in the northern Syrian town of al-Bab . Jazrawi , meanwhile , was the head of the Nusra Front 's political bureau . They were based in Latakia countryside , in northwestern Syria .
When Abu Ahmad heard the news that the duo was killed by an American strike , they felt sad . “ They looked and behaved like normal guys , ” said Abu Ahmad . “ Although they were leaders , they did not behave in an arrogant fashion . ”
Among all the Khorasan Committee members , Abu Ahmad was closest to Shahabi , a Syrian in their forties from al-Bab . Shahabi was in direct contact with Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's commander in chief . It had taken them one and a half months to move unnoticed from Afghanistan to Syria . They traveled with their pregnant wife , which made the trip even harder . They said to Abu Ahmad : “ I 'm already 20 years in jihad , so hardship is nothing new to me . ”
The Khorasan Committee 's goal was fundamentally political . They were tasked with convincing jihadi commanders who had already pledged allegiance to Baghdadi during the five-day meeting in Kafr Hamra to change their minds .
Baghdadi 's claims were nonsense , they told everyone . Zawahiri had never sent Baghdadi from Iraq into Syria . Zawahiri had never said that other commanders could pledge allegiance to ISIS and to Baghdadi himself .
But the Khorasan Committee had a tough sell ahead of them . Shahabi managed to convince an important commander who had recently joined ISIS to meet in a town close to the Turkish border .
“ It is very clear , ” Shahabi told him , “ that Baghdadi only created ISIS because they felt Nusra was becoming very powerful . They knew that [ Nusra chief ] Julani was becoming too big of a leader . ”
“ We thought Baghdadi was acting on orders from Zawahiri , ” replied the commander . “ What you are telling me comes as a shock . ”
Shahabi suggested that they should immediately rescind their allegiance to ISIS . But the commander was n't ready to do that . “ I pledged my allegiance to them [ Baghdadi ] , ” the commander said . “ Give me time to think and discuss this with others . But I just can not undo this all of a sudden . ”
“ Anyhow , we have sent most of the messages and letters [ about the investigation ] already to al-Zawahiri , ” replied Shahabi , according to Abu Ahmad 's recounting of the conversation . “ He will rule in favor of Nusra , not ISIS . ”
Maybe because of the present infatuation for “ natural medicine ” , honey is often presented as a kind of panacea , able to cure even cancer [ 1 ] .
To these health benefits , honey is said to add another virtue : the ability to stay preserved indefinitely . At least that idea is very present on the internet , including on some very serious websites like that of the Smithsonian :
Modern archeologists , excavating ancient Egyptian tombs , have often found something unexpected amongst the tombs ' artifacts : pots of honey , thousands of years old , and yet still preserved . Through millennia , the archeologists discover , the food remains unspoiled , an unmistakable testament to the eternal shelf-life of honey .
On numerous websites , the honey found in Tutankhamun 's grave is even said to have been still edible :
The ancient Egyptians kept domestic bees and sealed pots of honey were found in the graves of Pharaohs such as Tutankhamun . The honey was still edible . So 'Use By Dates ' on honey could say 5000 AD , since the honey in Tutankhamun 's tomb was 3000 years old ! ( Source )
However , there is some doubt concerning the place where this edible honey was found : in Tutankhamun 's grave ? or maybe in the pyramids ?
It is interesting to note that when archaeologists discovered pots of honey in the ancient Egyptian pyramids , the honey was still edible . Indeed still edible after many thousands of years . ( Source )
What are the real historical facts ?
There is no doubt that the ancient Egyptians have produced and used honey for a long time . The earliest depiction of honey and bee-keeping comes from the Temple of the Sun ( Ne-user-re , Abu Ghorab ) , 2400 BC .
But , was any edible honey ever found ?
In the case of Tutankhamun 's tomb , some jars which used to contain honey have been found in it in 1922 . I could n't find any analysis of the content , but it seems the inscriptions on the jars actually mention honey .
http : //www.griffith.ox.ac.uk/gri/carter/614j-c614j.html
http : //www.griffith.ox.ac.uk/gri/carter/614k-c614k-1.html
But the content was long gone…
To find any mention of preserved honey , one has to go back to 1905 , February 12th , on the occasion of the first visit of the tomb of Yuya and Tjuyu ( KV46 ) , by the archaeologists Theodore M. Davis , Arthur Weigall and Gaston Maspero . Yuya and Tjuyu were buried circa 1375 BC , and are , coincidentally , believed to be Tutankhamun 's grand parents . More about this tomb here :
http : //anubis4_2000.tripod.com/SpecialExhibits/YuyaTuyu.htm
Among the artefacts found in the tomb , two alabaster vases are interesting , items # 51105 and # 51106 .
The three visitors give a very similar version . Arthur Weigall , in a letter to their wife , between 14th and 16th of February 1905 , writes :
In one corner were some jars of wine , the lids tied on with string ; & among them was one huge alabaster jug full of honey still liquid . When I saw this I really nearly fainted . The extraordinary sensation of finding oneself looking at a pot of honey as liquid & sticky as the honey one eats at breakfast and yet three thousand five hundred years old , was so dumbfounding that one felt as though one was mad or dreaming . ( Source , page 297 )
Same story for Gaston Maspero , on the 29th March of the same year , but with a quite poetic version :
( Source : Causeries d'Égypte , 1907 )
One of the vases that we opened contained pasty oil , another one honey almost liquid which still had its smell . As it laid forgotten and uncovered on one of the stairs , near the entrance of the hall , a marauding wasp , lost in the Valley of Kings , came greedily lapping around the neck ; it took blows with a handkerchief to prevent it from taking its share of the honey foraged more than three thousand years ago by ancient bees on the flowers of the Theban campaign .
And finally Theodore M. Davis ' version :
( Source : The tomb of Iouiya and Touiyou : the finding of the tomb , 1907 )
From the neck of one of the vases hung shreds of mummy-cloth which had originally covered the mouth of the vase . Evidently the robber , expecting the contents to be valuable , tore off the cloth . Three thousand years thereafter I looked into the vase with like expectation ; both of us were disappointed , for it contained only a liquid which was first thought to be honey , but which subsequently proved to be natron
In the same book , we can see pictures of the vases in the plates XXV and XXVI , and their description on pages 30 and 31 .
Theodore M. Davis ' last sentence implies that the content was n't considered honey any more , and that will be confirmed in 1908 . The tomb was first discovered by James Edward Quibell , who was away during the first visit , and Arthur Weigall replaced them as `` Chief Inspector '' ; it was the same Arthur Weigall who was responsible for the publication of the inventory : Tomb of Yuaa and Thuiu ( 1908 ) https : //openlibrary.org/books/OL14045561M/Tomb_of_Yuaa_and_Thuiu
The two alabaster vases are described page 49 :
The results of the analyses are page 75 to 77 .
Vase 51105 :
Vase 51106 :
This one contained mainly a mix of natron and of 8,70 % water , which may explain why it was still liquid in spite of its age .
What is natron ? Natron is a mineral , abundant in Egypt . It was commonly used during the mummification process , and is still in use for cleaning or meat preservation . It is mostly a mix of hydrated sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate .
So the real explanation occurred three years after the discovery of the tomb KV46 ( and was probably much less publicised than the discovery itself ) , a time sufficient for the urban legend of the `` honey of the Pharaohs '' to be born , as shown by the fact that even the reliable National Geographic fell in that trap in 1913 :
( Source , page 999 )
And , from `` the honey of the Pharaohs '' from the Valley of the Kings , to `` the honey of the pyramids '' a thousand years older , it 's a very small step ...
But what about the reality concerning the “ eternal ” shelf life of honey ? I could n't find any reliable example of “ old honey ” still edible . It seems it 's better to avoid keeping it more than 2 years .
http : //www.honey.com/faq/
http : //www.apiservices.com/apiacta/cervantes_us.htm
Parliament set to pass Brodie 's law on bullying
Posted
Serious bullying is expected to become illegal in Victoria from today .
Brodie Panlock , 19 , killed themselves in 2006 after enduring daily bullying from colleagues at a Hawthorn cafe where they worked .
Four men were convicted and fined between $ 10,000 and $ 45,0000 each , under the Occupational Health and Safety Act . The owner of the cafe was fined $ 220,000 .
The teenager 's death has prompted an amendment to the state 's stalking laws , known as Brodie 's law .
The change will mean serious workplace and online bullies can be sent to jail for up to 10 years .
The teenager 's mother , Rae Panlock has welcomed the criminalisation of bullying .
`` You ca n't play with people 's minds and treat them like that and expect not to have some serious consequences , '' Mrs Panlock said .
`` Now it 's being recognised as a crime and I hope it makes people sit up and think before they engage in this sort of really serious behaviour , '' they said .
Topics : bullying , parliament , state-parliament , hawthorn-3122
Earth Balance Boxed Mac & Cheese And A Giveaway
.
Earth Balance is a favorite brand in our house , so when we heard they were coming out with dairy-free , boxed mac & cheese , we could n't have been happier ! Managing my little one 's food allergy means lots of time spent in the kitchen , so a fun convenience food like this is a welcome treat in our house .
We 're all probably pretty familiar with that mac & cheese that Mom used to make for us…you know , that one that comes in the blue box . This Vegan version is made without all the dairy and yellow dyes , yet tastes surprisingly similar to that mac and cheese we 're all familiar with . The prep work is the same ; boil the pasta , drain , mix cheese packet with Earth Balance Buttery Spread and your favorite dairy free milk , combine everything , and WAH-LAH ! Mac and cheese ! I should note that this bowl of mac had been sitting for a few minutes before I got to take my photo , which is why it does n't look as “ saucy ” .
I only had the opportunity to photograph the cheddar flavor , because the white cheddar was eaten before I got the chance . I really liked both flavors , but my little one preferred the regular cheddar . For a quick weeknight meal , paired with a hearty side of fresh vegetables , the kids will love it and mom will get a little break in the kitchen .
MilkFreeMom loves this Mac & Cheese so much , we want to give you a box of each flavor ! Enter below for a chance to win , and do n't forget to tell your Milk Free Friends .
a Rafflecopter giveaway
Check out the website for Earth Balance to learn about all of their awesome products and where you can find them in your area .
One thing to note about This is that the nutrition information on the packaging does not take into account the data from the buttery spread or milks :
photo , nutritional info and ingredients courtesy of Earth Balance 's website .
Michael Andersen , Green Lane Project staff writer
An opening ceremony for King Street 's protected bike lane in December . Photo : Being 808 .
A few months after Honolulu 's first protected bike lane opened , it 's the latest to demonstrate a very consistent trend across the country : almost every protected bike lane cuts sidewalk biking in half .
From August 2014 ( before barriers were installed ) to February 2015 ( after ) , the number of bikes using King Street ( both directions , road bed and sidewalk combined ) soared 71 percent .
And in the same period , Honolulu bicycle coordinator Chris Sayers said Monday , the number of bikes on the sidewalk plummeted 65 percent .
That 's no big surprise , because someone biking on a sidewalk is just trying to ride in the protected bike lane that is n't there . When cities make part of a street comfortable to bike in , people naturally choose to use it .
That makes things better for everybody , Sayers said .
“ It just sort of organizes the whole roadway better , ” they said .
We 've been in touch with bike coordinators around the country who 've done similar counts , and compiled every such study we 're aware of into the chart below . Honolulu 's finding is strikingly consistent with the others , all of which saw between a 27 percent drop in sidewalk biking ( L Street in Washington DC ) to an 81 percent drop ( Prospect Park West in Brooklyn , New York ) .
As you can see , those declines took place even though each protected bike lane dramatically boosted the total number of bikers . King Street is no exception ; Sayers said riders have been so eager to use it that the city had to accelerate its plans to convert the 10-foot-wide lane with a three-foot buffer from a one-direction to a two-direction .
On Monday , Mayor Kirk Caldwell personally installed the first of 13 bike-specific signals on King Street . They 'll complete the lane 's conversion to two-way , with a buffer of curbs , posts and parked cars .
Mayor Kirk Caldwell celebrates a milestone on Monday . Photo : City of Honolulu .
“ I think nobody anticipated it to be so many people , that the desire would be so strong to do the two-way immediately , ” Sayers said . “ We had to hurry up to get this done . ”
Update Nov. 5 : Honolulu has made a chart of its own that tells the story on King Street better than ours did :
See all Protected Bike Lanes blog entries
I used DRA Labs ' MLSSA system and a calibrated DPA 4006 microphone to measure the Magico S5 Mk.II 's frequency response in the farfield , and an Earthworks QTC-40 for the nearfield and in-room responses . A complication was that the 220-lb loudspeaker was too bulky for me to move it outside for the testing , or to lift it onto my computer-controlled turntable . I therefore had to do the quasi-anechoic measurements in my listening room , where the proximity of room boundaries led to more than usually aggressive windowing of the time-domain data , which in turn reduced the graphs ' resolution in the midrange .
That said , my estimate of the Magico 's voltage sensitivity was approximately 87.5dB/2.83V/m , close to the specified 88dB . Fig.1 shows how the S5 Mk.II 's impedance magnitude and electrical phase angle vary with frequency . The impedance does drop to minima of 3.15 ohms at 78Hz and 3.55 ohms at 900Hz , and there is a current-hungry combination of 4.3 ohms and 49° at 51Hz . Magico specifies the S5 Mk.II as a 4 ohm load , which appears to be correct . The impedance traces are free from the small discontinuities that would imply the existence of panel resonances . Nevertheless , I found two high-Q vibrational modes , at 436 and 744Hz , on the sidewalls level with the midrange unit . These modes were at a low level , though they were audible when I listened to the enclosure walls with a stethoscope . Tapping the cabinet walls revealed a slight formant structure correlating with these modes , but the enclosure was otherwise inert .
Fig.1 Magico S5 Mk.II , electrical impedance ( solid ) and phase ( dashed ) ( 5 ohms/vertical div . ) .
The impedance traces suggest that the sealed enclosure is tuned to 34Hz . The two woofers behave identically , and their summed output is shown as the green trace in fig.2 . The crossover to the midrange unit ( red trace ) appears to be set at 300Hz , and the broad peak in the midbass will be almost entirely due to the nearfield measurement technique , which assumes a 2pi ( half-spherical ) acoustic environment for the drivers . This peak aside , the 6dB frequency is just below 30Hz , which means that with the slow , 12dB/octave rolloff below the tuning frequency that is typical of a sealed enclosure , and the typical amount of boundary reinforcement or `` room gain , '' the S5 Mk.II 's output will extend to 20Hz . The Magico 's upper-frequency farfield output , averaged across a 30° horizontal window centered on the tweeter axis ( fig.3 , blue trace above 300Hz ) , is impressively even overall , though with slight depressions in the presence region and in the top octave before the ultrasonic peak , due to the tweeter 's primary dome resonance . Note , however , that this resonance lies above the 30kHz limit of this graph .
Fig.2 Magico S5 Mk.II , anechoic response on tweeter axis at 50 '' , averaged across 30° horizontal window and corrected for microphone response , with nearfield responses of midrange unit ( red ) and woofers ( green ) , plotted in the ratios of the square roots of the radiating areas , and the complex sum of the nearfield midrange and woofer responses plotted below 300Hz .
Fig.3 Magico S5 Mk.II , lateral response family at 50 '' , normalized to response on tweeter axis , from back to front : differences in response 305° off axis , reference response , differences in response 530° off axis .
Because of the practical limitations of my listening room , I was able to plot the S5 Mk.II 's horizontal dispersion out to only 30° to the sides . The result , with the off-axis traces normalized to the tweeter-axis response , is shown in fig.3 : the speaker 's off-axis behavior is smooth and even , with the beginnings of a top-octave rolloff evident more than 20° to the side . In the vertical plane , with again the off-axis traces normalized to the response on the tweeter axis ( which is 42 '' from the floor ) , the Magico 's balance does n't change significantly over a ±10° window ( fig.4 ) . Only when you get to 15° above the tweeter does a suckout at the upper crossover frequency begin to be seen , suggesting a sensible crossover configuration .
Fig.4 Magico S5 Mk.II , vertical response family at 50 '' , normalized to response on tweeter axis , from back to front : differences in response 155° above axis , reference response , differences in response 510° below axis .
The red trace in fig.5 shows the spatially averaged response of the pair of S5 Mk.IIs in my listening room . To create such graphs , I average 20 1/6-octavesmoothed spectra , individually taken for the left and right speakers using SMUGSoftware 's FuzzMeasure 3.0 program and a 96kHz sample rate , in a rectangular grid 36 '' wide by 18 '' high and centered on the positions of my ears . This mostly eliminates the room acoustic 's effects .
Fig.5 Magico S5 Mk.II , spatially averaged , 1/6-octave response in JA 's listening room ( red ) ; and of Crystal Arabesque Minissimo Diamond ( blue ) .
To provide a visual reference , the blue trace is that of the Crystal Arabesque Minissimo Diamonds in my room ; I found the Crystal speaker 's balance slightly midrange-forward , which you can see here as the small peak in the upper midrange compared with the Magico . Both speakers have a dip in the midrange , due to interference from the closest boundaries , but the S5 Mk.II 's in-room balance is impressively even up to the low treble , above which its output gently and smoothly slopes down , primarily due to the increased absorptivity of the room 's furnishings in this region . The Minissimo Diamond being a minimonitor , its response rolls off below 90Hz , while the sealed-box Magico both extends down to 20Hz and does n't excite the lowest-frequency modes in my room to the extent that reflex-loaded full-range speakers do ( footnote 1 ) .
Turning to the time domain , the step response in fig.6 , taken on the tweeter axis , reveals that all four of the S5 Mk.II 's drive-units are connected in positive acoustic polarity , with the tweeter 's output leading that of the midrange unit , which in turn leads that of the woofers . More important , the decay of the tweeter 's step blends smoothly with the start of the midrange unit 's step , and the decay of that step blends smoothly with the start of the woofers ' step . You can see , just past the 7ms marker , that the decay of the woofers ' step is disturbed by a reflection from the nearest boundary , in this case the floor . The presence of this reflection meant that I had to aggressively window the time-domain data when I calculated the cumulative spectral-decay or waterfall plot ( fig.7 ) , as indicated by the dotted area in this graph . But other than a low-level ridge of delayed energy at the cursor position of 5.7kHz , the S5 Mk.II 's initial decay is very clean .
Fig.6 Magico S5 Mk.II , step response on tweeter axis at 50 '' ( 5ms time window , 30kHz bandwidth ) .
Fig.7 Magico S5 Mk.II , cumulative spectral-decay plot on tweeter axis at 50 '' ( 0.15ms risetime ) .
There can be no question : My measurements of Magico 's S5 Mk.II reveal it to be a superbly well-engineered loudspeaker.John Atkinson
Footnote 1 : See , for example , fig.7 here
Photos available here
Credit : ESPN Images
Dave Flemming to Call Thursday Night Games ; Adam Amin on Friday Night Games
Laura Rutledge New Thursday Night Sideline Reporter
Pollack Continues College GameDay Role ; Will Have More Prominent Studio Role
ESPN will have new play-by-play commentators and sideline reporters for both Thursday and Friday night college football games on ESPN this season and has re-signed college football analyst David Pollack .
Play-by-play commentator Dave Flemming will move to Thursday nights and will call games alongside college football analyst Jesse Palmer in a two-man booth . Laura Rutledge will be the sideline reporter for Thursday night telecasts , adding to their previously announced SEC Nation responsibilities for the season . Play-by-play commentator Adam Amin will call Friday night games alongside analyst Mack Brown and sideline reporter Molly McGrath , whose hiring as a reporter and host was announced this morning .
Previously , Flemming called Friday night games on ESPN , Amin worked Saturday games on ESPN/ABC and Rutledge was a sideline reporter on SEC Network telecasts .
“ The new opportunities for Dave , Adam and Laura prove , once again , the quality of our on-air lineup and the growth opportunities that exist at ESPN , while Molly 's addition adds another high-caliber reporter and host to our roster as we enter a new season , ” senior coordinating producer Lee Fitting said . “ Thursday and Friday night telecasts are an integral part of our college football coverage and we look forward to these two new commentating teams working these primetime games each week . ”
Additionally , ESPN has extended college football analyst David Pollack to a new multi-year deal . Pollack will continue to appear on College GameDay each week , have a more prominent role on College Football Live and contribute to additional studio shows this season . The three-time All-American at Georgia began working at ESPN in 2009 as studio analyst and joined College GameDay in 2011 .
“ David 's analysis , insights and , most importantly , their opinions have elevated them to a top college football analyst , ” said Fitting . “ Having them on our studio programming , nearly on a daily basis throughout the season , maximizes their strengths and makes ESPN 's college football coverage better . ”
Last season , in addition to their College GameDay and studio appearances , Pollack was a game analyst on Thursday night telecasts , working with play-by-play commentator Joe Tessitore and analyst Palmer .
* * * * * * * * * *
This afternoon 's announcement is the latest for ESPN 's 2016 college football coverage . Brian Griese , Steve Levy , Greg McElroy , Samantha Ponder , Tessitore and Allison Williams have all been assigned new roles . Additionally , the previously mentioned hiring of McGrath and new contracts for Dave Pasch and Bob Wischusen have been announced .
-30-
Media contact : Derek Volner at 860-384-9986 ; [ email protected ] and @ DerekVolner
Roberto Di Matteo will send their Chelsea players into the Allianz Arena against Bayern Munich on Saturday night urging them to grasp their opportunity to make history and claim the club 's first European Cup .
This will be the last game of the interim coach 's 11-week spell in charge following the dismissal of André Villas-Boas , with their future at the club beyond the expiry of their contract on 30 June unclear . The impressive impact made by the Italian has drawn praise from their opposite number Jupp Heynckes , with Di Matteo and their players now attempting to make up for painful near misses in this competition over recent seasons .
`` I believe my players have all the qualities you need to win this competition , '' said Di Matteo , who stressed that Villas-Boas , too , deserved praise for setting Chelsea out en route to the final . `` Those qualities have taken us to this stage and I 'm very positive and very confident now . I do n't know what the future will hold but we can win it . We have to believe we can and have the confidence to do so .
`` The players deserve this . Many of them have been here before and know how it feels not to bring the trophy home but you make your own destiny and fate . It will come , sooner or later . We hope it will come here in Munich . But , with the quality that 's been at this club before and that will certainly come into this club again , it will happen [ one day ] . But all our focus is on delivering it now . ''
Roman Abramovich 's Chelsea have featured in six semi-finals in the past nine years but have only once previously progressed into the showpiece , with eight of the squad who will be involved on Saturday having been involved in the defeat on penalties to Manchester United in Moscow in 2008 . `` It 's taken us a long time to get back but we always believed we had the quality to come again , '' said the stand-in captain , Frank Lampard , right . `` We would only get a sense of reprieve if we go on to win . Being underdogs , playing Bayern Munich in their own stadium , fills you with even more determination . The fact they 're the home team is a great challenge for us : bring it on . ''
The England midfielder , who will captain the team in the absence of the suspended John Terry , praised Di Matteo 's impact . `` He 's been very clever in how he 's managed the situation , '' they said . `` We were struggling for confidence on the pitch , and rather than come in and make drastic changes , they spoke to everyone individually and created confidence in the group . We got some early wins , the Napoli game [ in the knockout stage ] changed everything , and from then on he 's quietly done a perfect job . If anyone deserves to win this game , it 's him . ''
Bavaria will employ Anatoliy Tymoshchuk or Daniel Van Buyten alongside Jérôme Boateng at the heart of their defence in place of the suspended Holger Badstuber , with fears over Arjen Robben 's fitness allayed . They will begin the match as favourites having won 14 of their past 15 European matches here , though Heynckes has urged caution . `` Two years ago , [ the president ] Uli Hoeness said they had a dream : to play the Champions League final in our own stadium , '' Heynckes said . `` Well , we 've made it . But now we need some realism .
`` We 're up against a team with huge experience , fantastic organisation and outstanding players . I do n't share the euphoria you hear outside that we 're the favourites . Chelsea have players who have won everything apart from this trophy , and it 's their dream too . We have played some great home matches this season but it 'll now be necessary to play one more . ''
Flooding ravaged farms in the midwest United States this June , causing many crops to be lost [ GALLO/GETTY ]
Wendy Johnston with Oakwyn Farms in Athens , West Virginia , is deeply concerned about how shifting weather patterns are impacting farmers ' ability to feed the global population .
`` This year we 're off to a slow start , '' Johnston , who farms 40 hectares , told Al Jazeera . `` Last year in April we were able to plant , but this year we even had rain , cold and snow a few days in April . The weather has become very unpredictable , and that 's the real problem . ''
Climate change is making farming more difficult for her , and they wonder how much worse things will become .
On March 31 , The Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) warned of `` potentially catastrophic '' impacts on food production from slow-onset climate changes that are expected to increasingly hit the developing world .
The report filed with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , warned that food production systems and the ecosystems they depend on are highly sensitive to climate variability and change .
Changes in temperature , precipitation , and related outbreaks of pest and diseases could reduce production , the report said . Those particularly vulnerable are poor people in countries that rely on food imports , although climate change events are already driving up food costs around the globe , including in developed countries .
April broke many weather-related monthly records in the US , including 292 tornadoes and 5,400 extreme weather events , which combined to cause 337 deaths .
The US National Climatic Data Center announced in June that April 's weather extremes were `` unprecedented '' and `` never before '' seen in a single month . The center also noted drought across the southern plains , wildfires in the southwest , and record floods along the Mississippi River .
China has been wracked by both severe drought and severe flooding this year , both resulting from climate change induced shifting weather patterns [ GALLO/GETTY ]
`` Severe weather events around the world will increase , even parts of the globe that do n't normally see extreme weather events , '' said Steff Gaulter , Al Jazeera 's senior weather presenter . `` Those parts of the world that already struggle with water shortages will find matters worsening , including Australia , Mexico , the southwest United States , and parts of Africa . ''
Gaulter agrees with the FAO that poorer countries are likely to be the worst affected because they have less resources to cope with disasters .
`` With worsening water-shortages , there will be more crop-failures , which means an increase in malnutrition , '' they added . `` There is also likely to be an increase in disease as people drink water that is unsuitable for consumption . All of this is an added expense that will be particularly punishing for poorer regions to endure , particularly Sub-Saharan Africa . ''
Approximately 300 million people in Sub-Saharan Africa currently lack access to clean drinking water .
`` It is also estimated that by 2020 , an additional 75 to 250 million people there will also face water shortages , '' said Gaulter . `` That 's in less than ten years . ''
Soil in peril
Kevin Trenberth , a senior scientist at the US National Centre for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder , Colorado , believes it is time to emphasize the link between extreme weather and the global climate in which it develops .
`` The environment in which all storms form has changed owing to human activities . In particular , it is warmer and moister than it was 30 or 40 years ago , '' Dr Trenberth said .
`` We have this extra water vapour lurking around waiting for storms to develop and then there is more moisture as well as heat that is available for these storms [ to form ] . The models suggest it is going to get drier in the subtropics , wetter in the monsoon trough and wetter at higher latitudes . This is the pattern we 're already seeing . ''
Climate change has generated shifting weather patterns and extreme weather events that make it more difficult for farmers to feed us . A reliance upon non-renewable energy is also a factor in impending food crises .
Professor Michael Bomford , a research scientist at Kentucky State University and a fellow of the Post Carbon Institute , is concerned about how our dependence on oil to feed ourselves is leading to soil depletion and degradation , as well as increasing prices .
`` The farm is a very small proportion of the economy in the US and other developed countries , but it has a disproportionate impact on global change , '' Professor Bomford , who has a Master 's of Pest Management and a PhD in Plant and Soil Sciences , told Al Jazeera . `` Clearing land for farming releases carbon into the atmosphere and that contributes to climate change . Then by farming it , using cultivation causes soil to be lost in wind and erosion , and that topsoil took thousands of years to form . One extreme weather event can cause us to lose thousands of years of soil . ''
Modern farming impacts soil by the use of nitrogen fertilizers , which are energy intensive to produce and which deplete carbon in the soil .
`` This erodes the soil 's ability to hold nutrients , and starts a positive feedback loop , '' added Professor Bomford . `` A lot of our soils now rely on irrigation rather than rainfall , which depletes groundwater reserves , and these have huge impacts on the soil . ''
William Ryerson , founder and president of the Population Media Center and president of the Population Institute , is also very concerned about fertilizers ' impact on soil . They have questioned how , in the long run , this will impact agriculture .
`` The world 's agricultural systems rely substantially on increasing use of fertilizers , '' Ryerson told Al Jazeera . `` But now , the world 's farmers are witnessing signs of a declining response curve , where the use of additional fertilizer yields little additional food product . At the same time , fertilizers and intensive cropping lower the quality of soil . These factors will more and more limit the possibilities of raising food production substantially and will , at a minimum , boost relative food prices and resulting hunger for many . ''
Carbon stored in soil allows the soil to hold nutrients and water , and losing soil contributes to climate change . Bomford is worried about other contributing factors to climate change borne from the use of chemical fertilizers .
`` Agriculture produces methane and nitrous oxides , like with animal agriculture that contributes to climate change , and these have a much greater effect on climate change than CO2 , '' they said . `` Ocean dead zones are associated with fertilizers since phosphorus and nitrogen applied to our farms runs down rivers into the oceans creating algal blooms , and that pulls oxygen out of the water and we end up with vast dead zones from lack of oxygen for marine life . ''
In June , scientists from the University of Michigan predicted a record Gulf of Mexico dead zone due in large part to the flooding of the Mississippi River . The dead zone is forecast to be between 22,014 and 24,400 square kilometers , an area roughly the size of the US state of New Hampshire .
This estimate dramatically surpasses the 15,539-square-kilometer average of the past five years , as well as the current record , set in 2002 , of 21,755 square kilometers .
`` Every spring , around this time , we see these vast dead zones forming at the mouth of the Mississippi and other rivers , '' said Bomford . `` Surface waters carry valuable sediments from our soil into the water and that causes dirty and cloudy water . Agriculture plays a disproportionate role in contributing to the decline of the oceans . ''
Shifting towards crisis
Ryerson warns of these trends causing massive food shortages in the future .
`` Because of industrialization leading to loss of agricultural land , population growth , and the demand for more meat instead of grain as incomes rise , China is projected to need to import 240 million tons of food annually by the year 2030 , '' they said .
Projections also show that India , currently a food exporter , will need to import 30 million tons a year by 2030 .
`` Yet , total world agricultural trade is currently just 200 million tons of grain or grain equivalent , and that amount is decreasing as the exporting countries consume more and more of their own food products , '' said Ryerson . `` Accordingly , the increasing demand for food imports by growing economies like China 's will almost certainly drive up the price of food over the next 30 years , virtually ensuring that more people elsewhere will suffer from starvation . ''
Gaulter warned that shifting weather patterns lead to lack of drinking water in many areas of the globe .
Climate change induced drought is becoming more common around the world [ EPA ]
`` It 's also worth mentioning that as the world heats up , glaciers and snow cover are also expected to decline , '' they said , `` This will reduce water availability in countries supplied by melt water , so lack of drinking water will be a problem in parts of the globe such as South America and Asia , even though the region may not technically be in a drought . ''
They cited Australia as a place where the increasing drought effects of climate change are already being seen .
`` Australia is already getting hotter and drier . By 2030 , there are forecast to be 20 per cent more droughts , and it 's estimated that by 2050 , the annual flow into the Murray-Darling basin will fall by up to a quarter . This basin takes up much of southeastern Australia and provides 85 per cent of the water that is used for irrigation nationally . ''
Gaulter said counties like India , Bangladesh , and Myanmar are going to be heavily impacted by increasing floods , and other poor countries will be particularly heavily affected . `` Not necessarily because they 'll see more of them [ floods ] , but because they have less resources to call on in times of emergency . Following a devastating flood we often see outbreak of disease , such as diarrohea and dysentery , due to the lack of clean drinking water . ''
Winds of change
Johnston believes people who do not grow their own food ca n't realize when certain crops should or should not be available .
`` Things people expect at certain times are no longer there much of the time now , '' they said , `` There is n't squash available now like there used to be . Usually in June [ there are ] lots of lettuce greens peas and squashes , but because of changing weather patterns the squash will now be late , and the heat caused us to replant the greens and lettuces , which will now be late as well . ''
Chandler Goule , vice president of government relations for the National Farmers Union in the US , is a long-time supporter of the science behind climate change . They believe the weather changes are from `` impacts caused by humans . ''
`` As we continue to see increasing weather disasters in the US and around the world , we will see increasing food costs , hungry people , and this will cause the consumer to spend more of their income on food , '' Goule told Al Jazeera .
Farmers like Johnston are acutely in touch with the shifting weather patterns due to climate change .
`` We really do n't have spring anymore , '' they said of where they live . `` In May , it rained a lot and was cold , but the week before Memorial Day [ the last Monday of May ] , it was 11 C and raining , and the next week it was 33 C . ''
Johnston explained that an abrupt temperature shift like this is extreme for agriculture , which can not survive huge , sudden shifts .
`` I remember as a child there was a gradual change from winter to summer , '' they said , `` But I do n't think we 're seeing that now . ''
The Republican challengers to Mitt Romney descended on South Carolina on Wednesday sharply divided and deeply uncertain about how to stop the front-runner 's march to the GOP presidential nomination .
Former House speaker Newt Gingrich ( Ga. ) led the attacks with a tough ad that began airing Wednesday detailing Romney 's past support for abortion rights . After Romney 's victory in New Hampshire on Tuesday , attention turned to South Carolina , which will hold its primary on Jan. 21 .
Texas Gov . Rick Perry joined in the assault , picking up the new favorite line of attack against Romney — that the former Massachusetts governor and former private-equity executive bankrupted companies and laid off workers as a management consultant at Bain Capital .
“ Venture capitalism is good , ” Perry said to about 150 people at Shealy 's Bar-B-Que in Leesville . “ But vulture capitalism , I 've got no use for . ”
Gingrich has sent conflicting messages as to how sharply they intend to target Romney . Throughout a negative ad blitz aimed at them in Iowa by a pro-Romney PAC , Gingrich pledged to stick with a positive message . But their tone changed in recent days , and on Tuesday , their spokesperson , R.C . Hammond , signaled that South Carolina would be nastier : “ The goal is to get rid of Romney . Our goal is to remove Mitt Romney from the competitive ranks . ”
But one thing was clear by the end of Wednesday : Even the candidates determined to attack Romney on Bain were having trouble doing that without contradicting their own conservative ideology about the role of market capitalism and prompting a backlash from within their party .
Former Utah governor Jon Huntsman , the third-place finisher in New Hampshire , implored Republicans to drop the Bain issue .
“ I think it 's more instructive to look at governor Romney 's record as governor , ” Huntsman told reporters after an appearance at the University of South Carolina in Columbia . “ You ca n't be on both sides of this issue . If you 're going to stand for breaking up the banks , then you ca n't criticize Bain Capital for doing some of what it did . ”
Other GOP leaders , nervous about the damage such a debate could do to Romney , as well as the entire party , said attacking free enterprise gives President Obama a talking point for the general election .
The tea-party-friendly group Americans for Prosperity assailed the “ populist-tinged attacks on free enterprise . ”
Romney , after boarding a plane to South Carolina , considered the prospect of a blistering campaign there over the next week and a half and said they did not expect the Bain attacks from their own party .
“ We 've understood for a long time that the Obama people would come after free enterprise , ” they said . “ I 'm a little surprised to see Newt Gingrich as the first witness to the prosecution . But I do n't think that 's going to hurt my purpose . Frankly , if I ca n't take a few shots coming from my colleagues on the Republican side , I 'm not ready for Barack Obama . ”
Gingrich seemed unsure about how to proceed . They steered clear of the issue in their first appearance Wednesday , at the Laurel Creek Club in Rock Hill , where they got a five-minute standing ovation as they strolled onstage .
“ It 's good to be home , ” said the former House speaker , invoking their ties to neighboring Georgia .
Later in the day , they resumed their sharper tone , railing against “ crony capitalism ” and demanding that Romney be transparent about their Bain days . Gingrich 's campaign also released a video of “ top Romney gaffes . ”
Additionally , a pro-Gingrich super PAC posted a half-hour movie about Romney 's days at Bain and announced that $ 3.4 million in ads with excerpts from that film would begin airing across South Carolina on Thursday .
But when one person asked Gingrich to stop the Bain attacks , they seemed to acknowledge the damage they could cause . “ I agree with you , ” they said . “ It 's an impossible theme to talk about with Obama in the background . ”
Gingrich , Perry and former senator Rick Santorum ( Pa. ) have trained their sights on South Carolina as the final chance for conservative voters who hope to halt Romney , whose victories in Iowa and New Hampshire have made them the man to beat .
Santorum declined to join in the Bain attacks on Romney : “ I have chosen a different course , ” they said as they signed autographs after a Wednesday evening town hall meeting in Columbia . “ I believe in capitalism , and I believe that unfortunately some businesses fail . I ca n't imagine too many businesses invest in a company so they would fail . ”
During their speech , Santorum questioned the assertion that Romney is the most electable candidate . “ When has they ever proven that ? ” they asked .
At a packed rally in Columbia late in the day , Romney appeared with South Carolina Gov . Nikki Haley , and even their rivals concede that if Romney wins here , stopping them will be nearly impossible .
Nonetheless , South Carolina , with large numbers of evangelicals and social conservatives , is not especially fertile ground for Romney , and their opponents know they are running out of options .
Gingrich 's spokesperson , Hammond , issued a statement saying : “ Romney 's record as CEO of Bain is fair game and it will be vetted in the view of the public . ”
Even Huntsman , who warned against Bain attacks , sent mixed signals . Their spokesperson , Michael Levoff , walked back their candidate 's remarks late in the day : “ Governor Huntsman believes Romney has an electability problem regarding their time at Bain , but they do not believe attacking the venture capital business model is productive . ”
Bob Walker , a close friend and longtime ally of Gingrich 's who served with them in the House , said Wednesday that they had called Gingrich to talk about the South Carolina campaign . While they did n't directly criticize the attacks on Romney or Bain , they said they think the message should be focused on Obama .
Other Republicans simply watched with trepidation .
“ Newt can get angry about things , and I think he 's frustrated , ” said Cindy Costa , a Republican national committeewoman from South Carolina . “ He was on such a high at one point it looked like they were going to be the shoo-in for the nomination , and then it all just went kind of downhill . But I think he 's been in politics long enough to know that it would not benefit anyone to have a scorched-earth strategy . ”
Others believe that the intensity of the battle will strengthen the eventual nominee .
“ You hear this every time , ” said South Carolina GOP Chairman Chad Connelly . “ ‘ Primaries are a bloodbath . ' ‘ Primaries are a bare-knuckled fistfight . ' I think it 's part of the vetting process , the thick-skin-toughening process that 's part of the primary . ”
Whatever happens , South Carolina is widely viewed as the firewall . The state has chosen the eventual Republican nominee in every primary since 1980 .
Staff writers Steve Hendrix , Sandhya Somashekhar and Rachel Weiner contributed to this report .
On 15 March , Chinese PM Li Keqiang made some remarks on China 's position on the issue of Ukraine and Crimea . In short : China respects Ukraine 's sovereignity and territorial integrity but takes no position on the status of Crimea . Li told this in a news conference at the end of the annual meeting of parliament .
“ On the issue of Ukraine , China has adopted an objective and just position . We respect Ukraine 's independence , sovereignty and territorial integrity , at the same time , the Ukraine issue has added to the complexity of the geopolitical situation and has affected the process of the global economic recovery . We still hope that this issue can be resolved via dialogue , negotiations and consultations . ”
When asked about China 's position on ‘ who owns Crimea ? ' , Li said : “ As for Crimea , there are complicated contributing factors . We also hope that it can be resolved politically via dialogue and hope that neighbours can peacefully coexist. ” ( Reuters , 15 March )
// framing & comment
1 . Clear text . The Chinese keep their options open . ‘ Dear friends , this is not our business , but we do n't like what 's going on since it hurts economy and international security . ' Hardly anybody would have expected something different . It 's rather worth mentioning that such a statement on Crimea has been made since it exposes the contradictory features of China 's position ( respecting Ukraine 's territorial integrity while having no position on the status of annexed Crimea ) .
2 . The words of this statement and its placement were chosen carefully . Li is standing in the shadow of the active President Xi Jinping . Giving Li the show to confirm ( by the way ) China 's position on such a contentious issue might revalue their internal position while signaling that they are the man in charge for Ukraine . At the same time it signals that the issue is has not the highest priority for China . ( At least not relevant in respect of the elite 's political survival . )
3 . The ‘ complexity of the geopolitical situation ' . On one hand there are the cases of Tibet , Taiwan , the Xinjiang region , territorial disputes with India and in the South China Sea . Chinese officials repeat since decades the ‘ policy of non-interference ' in domestic issues of other states and cooperation among equals . There are limitations in the application of those principles , especially in places which China considers as their zone of influence . China 's policy is that those cases are rather internal or bilateral issues and other states are not welcomed to interfere . Therefore , the statement on Ukraine 's sovereignity was once more a opportunity to communicate those principles…
4 . … and to remind of its implications . Specifically , if US does n't play by Chinese rules in the Pacific and if Russia does n't accept it 's role as junior partner in the Russian-Chinese cooperation , then China can take any side and change the Ukrainian outcome significantly . The more the conflict gets out of control , the higher the leverage . But this does n't fully explain the statement on the status of Crimea .
5 . Crimea . The no-position on ‘ who owns Crimea ' does n't offend the EU too much ( or maybe pleases Germany ) and could even be framed as a balanced and constructive compromise . Considering the domestic and economic situation , China can not afford to risk the European market . Neither can China bend its geopolitical principles too much . Next to China bullying its neighbours , Russia , Western states and alliances intervened under controversial circumstances ( or questionable legitimacy ) in various zones of their interests . Specifically after the UN resolution on Libya and its application , China might rather rely on it 's own set of rules ( SCO ) than on a international security framework . In this respect , the statement on Crimea might be framed in a way that ‘ China accepts Russia taking care of its neighbourhood ' . ( “ Chinese officials have said that Western powers should take into consideration Russia 's legitimate security concerns over Ukraine . ” )
6 . Despite the increasing economic cooperation , the partnership between Russia and China has limitations . The non-condemnation of the operation in Crimea should not be considered as an act of friendship towards Russia . It rather reflects the deterioration of the international security network . The flexible handling of international law of the past created precedents and regulatory gaps . China takes relative advantage of the crisis and consolidates its geopolitical position . That 's legit .
about this blog
“ In any other country , Milton Glaser would have been knighted by now , ” said Steven Heller about the legendary designer recently . The implication : Americans do n't care about design as much as people in other countries .
A recent email conversation touched on the same nerve…
“ I do n't think they could have made it any uglier if they had tried—even if they were trying really , really hard to make it ugly . ”
That 's what ex-37signaller and now Nike employee Ernest Kim wrote in a note to a few of us about the 2010 Accord Crosstour ( shown here ) . Looks like others agree with them too .
Ernest wonders why the cars Honda designs for markets outside the U.S. look better than the ones designed specifically for the American market . Could it be that Americans just have bad taste ?
The sad part to me is that Honda cars designed for markets outside of the U.S. generally look at least decent ( examples being the Fit , Euro/Japan Accord ( aka the Acura TSX here in the States ) , S2000 ) , but the ones specifically for U.S. consumption are horrendous ( examples being this awful Crosstour , the Pilot SUV and Ridgeline pick-up ) . One reason might simply be that their U.S.-based design team is not very good , but I suspect it has more to do with U.S.-based focus groups and lowered standards for U.S. focused products , which is the approach that led to GM 's eventual bankruptcy . I know it 's the trendy thing to do to say that Americans , on the whole , have bad taste , but I really believe it 's true . A product that 's just good enough to be wildly popular in the U.S. typically does n't make the cut anywhere . I have to wonder why our standards seem to be so much lower ? Having traveled to Europe and Asia , I do n't think the average European or Asian person is any smarter than the average American , but their standards for product design seem appreciably higher . Is it because people outside the U.S. tend to buy fewer items and so have higher expectations for those items ? Or some other cultural influence that they have and we do n't ? What do you guys think ?
As any PC enthusiast knows , it 's been infuriatingly difficult to purchase a midrange graphics card over the past few months . The insane demand for cryptocurrency mining power has swept up every GeForce GTX 1060 , Radeon RX 570 , and Radeon RX 580 that Nvidia and AMD can turn out , and the black hole of demand has even warped GeForce GTX 1070 prices . Time after time this year , we 've crossed our fingers hoping that one event or another in the cryptocurrency world would be the one to make midrange graphics card prices sane again , but those hopes have been repeatedly dashed .
Recent regulatory changes in China have shut down cryptocurrency exchanges in the country , though , and that move appears to have been the needle sharp enough to finally hole the Bitcoin and Ethereum balloons . ( Ed . postscript : turns out a difficulty bomb for Ethereum is n't helping , either . ) After some deep plunges from their peaks this year , both currencies seem to have found a new level , albeit at prices far below their record highs .
Whether this is a long-lasting plateau can perhaps be gauged by current prices of the two graphics cards we recommend for midrange builders : the Radeon RX 580 8GB and GeForce GTX 1060 6GB . Recall that the GTX 1060 6GB carries a suggested price of $ 259.99 , while the Radeon RX 580 8GB was meant to go for $ 229 and up . Until recently , though , the EVGA GeForce GTX 1060 6GB SC that we like exceeded $ 300 at retail , and Radeon RX 580 8GB cards have commanded $ 400 or more . It 's impossible to recommend those cards for gamers when a GTX 1070 or GTX 1080 offers far better performance for not much more money . Folks without the scratch for a GTX 1080 have been shut out of the graphics card market for months , though , and that sucks .
As of this week , though , it seems that prices for midrange cards are on a road back to regularity . On the GTX 1060 6GB front , Newegg has one card in stock for its suggested price , and our EVGA favorite is just $ 15 more .
Radeon RX 580 8GB cards are not much more expensive . You can get this nice-looking dual-fan Asus model for $ 289.99 , and similar versions from MSI , Gigabyte , and Aorus are all $ 309.99 . Yes , $ 60 to $ 80 over AMD 's suggested pricing for those cards is still a big ask , but at least they 're in the same ballpark as competitive Nvidia products . We 're still waiting for the taming of RX 570 prices , though . Those cards are impossible to recommend for the $ 260 or so they 're commanding right now .
The slight easing of tensions may be extending to AMD 's higher-end cards , too . Although Newegg still is n't selling standalone Radeon RX Vega 56 and RX Vega 64 cards yet , the Radeon Black Pack versions of both cards are not far off their official prices . One can actually pick up an MSI RX Vega 56 Black Pack for the suggested $ 499.99 right now , and the RX Vega 64 Black Pack from Sapphire is $ 619.99 ( or $ 20 over AMD 's suggested price for the combo ) . Whether those are good values in light of the fact that you can still pick up a GTX 1080 for $ 500 to $ 550 is debatable , but they are at least not pants-on-head stupid .
All told , we can only hope that graphics card prices continue to cool off . Once again , we 've got our fingers crossed . If you need a midrange card today , though , now is the best time to buy one that we 've seen in months .
Kelly Hurley , 31 , of the Lower East Side was critically injured when struck by a box truck driver as they traveled up First Avenue . They died about a week after the crash . View Full Caption Facebook/Kelly Hurley
EAST VILLAGE — The box truck driver who fatally struck cyclist Kelly Hurley in April while making a left turn at First Avenue and East Ninth Street was arrested and charged Wednesday afternoon , police said .
Kyung H. Hyun , 59 , was arrested at 1:57 p.m. and charged with failure to yield to a pedestrian — the city 's `` right of way '' law under the Mayor 's Vision Zero initiative — failure to exercise due care , and making an improper left turn , according to authorities .
Hurley had been cycling up First Avenue on April 5 and was going through a green light when Hyun made a left turn from the avenue 's right-most lane , striking Hurley , police said .
Hurley suffered severe head trauma and was taken off life support days later .
The commanding officer of the NYPD 's Collision Investigation Squad , Brian Reynolds , in April had said their unit planned to recommend the Manhattan District Attorney 's office charge the driver in Hurley 's death , noting they and the DA had to be on the `` same page '' regarding the charges .
The DA 's office was involved in the months-long investigation that led to Hyun 's arrest , the office confirmed , though it would not comment further on the case .
Hyun on Wednesday was given a desk appearance ticket , according to Reynolds , who said the District Attorney 's office planned to charge the driver . Their desk appearance ticket return date is Aug. 29 , said a police spokesperson .
During a speech to law enforcement on July 28 , President Trump said `` please do n't be too nice '' to suspects who are arrested . ( The Washington Post )
During a speech on Long Island on Friday , President Trump took a break from discussing gang violence and illegal immigration to give the law enforcement officers gathered for their remarks some advice on how to treat suspects .
“ When you guys put somebody in the car and you 're protecting their head , you know , the way you put their hand over ? ” Trump said , miming the physical motion of an officer shielding a suspect 's head to keep it from bumping against the squad car .
“ Like , do n't hit their head , and they just killed somebody — do n't hit their head , ” Trump continued . “ I said , you can take the hand away , okay ? ”
[ On Long Island , Trump highlights violence from MS-13 gang to push Congress on immigration ]
These remarks , coming after Trump talked about towns ravaged by gang violence and described “ these thugs being thrown into the back of a paddy wagon , ” met with applause from at least some of the law enforcement officers gathered for their speech at Suffolk County Community College in New York .
A group of uniform officers standing behind Trump applauded , and , when they turned to face them , some smiled and appeared to chuckle .
In response to a question regarding Trump 's comments and the officers who applauded , the Suffolk County police quickly distanced the department from Trump 's comments , saying Friday that they would not accept this treatment of people in custody .
“ The Suffolk County Police Department has strict rules and procedures relating to the handling of prisoners , and violations of those rules and procedures are treated extremely seriously , ” the department said in an emailed statement . “ As a department , we do not and will not tolerate ‘ rough [ ing ] ' up prisoners . ”
Trump 's remarks were criticized by law enforcement officials including the Houston police chief and agencies including the Gainesville , Fla. , police department . Their comments also drew a rebuke from the International Association of Chiefs of Police . In a statement Friday , the group did not specifically mention Trump by name but appeared to respond to their speech by stressing the importance of treating all people , including suspects , with respect .
“ Managing use of force is one of the most difficult challenges faced by law enforcement agencies , ” the group said . “ The ability of law enforcement officers to enforce the law , protect the public , and guard their own safety , the safety of innocent bystanders , and even those suspected or apprehended for criminal activity is very challenging .
“ For these reasons , law enforcement agencies develop policies and procedures , as well as conduct extensive training , to ensure that any use of force is carefully applied and objectively reasonable considering the situation confronted by the officers , ” the statement continued .
1 of 58 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A look at President Trump 's first six months in office View Photos Scenes from the Republican 's beginning months in the White House . Caption Scenes from the Republican 's beginning months in the White House . Jan. 25 , 2017 Trump signs an executive order for border security and immigration enforcement improvements at the Department of Homeland Security in Washington . Chip Somodevilla/Pool photo via Bloomberg News Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
Trump 's comments were made during a dark , foreboding address largely focusing on the transnational gang MS-13 . They also peppered their speech with expressions of support for police , echoing their efforts both during and since the presidential campaign to portray themselves as a champion of law enforcement .
These remarks on how to treat suspects were condemned by civil rights and advocacy groups . Vanita Gupta , who ran the Justice Department 's civil rights division during the Obama administration , decried the comments and said they ran counter to efforts from local police agencies to repair relationships with their communities .
“ Trump 's remarks today are unconscionable , ” Gupta , who is now president and chief executive of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights , said in a statement . “ The President of the United States , standing before an audience of law enforcement officials , actively encouraged police violence . Their remarks undermine the positive efforts of local law enforcement agencies and communities around the country working to address police misconduct and build community-police trust . ”
[ Cops say they will keep pushing reforms even without backing of Trump 's Justice Dept . ]
Janai Nelson , the associate director-counsel NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund , said Trump 's comments “ encouraging police officers to disregard the safety of individuals in their custody rises to a new level of danger . ”
“ We need law enforcement who do not share the Trump Administration 's outdated and unlawful views to promote protecting the rights and safety of all Americans by condemning those who condone impunity among law enforcement , ” Nelson said in a statement .
The American Civil Liberties Union posted on Twitter that Trump was “ urging lawlessness ” with their speech .
Encouraging police to dole out extra pain at will is urging lawlessness that already imperils the lives of people of color at shameful rates — ACLU National ( @ ACLU ) July 28 , 2017
Trump has previously encouraged violent behavior during public remarks , particularly during their raucous presidential campaign rallies . At a November 2015 rally in Alabama , Trump said that a protester was loud and “ maybe they should have been roughed up . ”
During another campaign rally in Michigan , Trump said they would defend in court anyone who hurt a protester being escorted out . When a protester interrupted a Las Vegas rally , Trump said “ guys like that ” used to be “ carried out in a stretcher , ” adding : “ I 'd like to punch them in the face , I tell ya. ” At another rally , Trump said protesters were being removed too slowly because “ nobody wants to hurt each other anymore . ”
[ ‘ Get 'em out ! ' Racial tensions explode at Donald Trump 's rallies . ]
With their comments Friday , Trump appeared to encourage police officers not to worry about using excessive force during arrests .
Officers can be arrested and charged with excessive force , facing charges on both a local and federal level . Several Suffolk County police officers were indicted last year and accused of beating a suspect after they were arrested in 2012 . In November , a week before Trump was elected , the former Suffolk County police chief was sentenced to 46 months in prison after pleading guilty to a federal civil rights violation and conspiring to obstruct justice ; authorities said they beat a man handcuffed and in police custody .
The Justice Department said its investigations of unconstitutional behavior by law enforcement officers most frequently involve allegations of excessive force . If a person alleging excessive force has been arrested or detained , federal officials must prove that an officer used more force “ than is reasonably necessary to arrest or gain control of the victim , ” the Justice Department states .
In 2016 , a former Las Vegas police officer was charged with violating the civil rights of an unnamed person by using excessive force during an arrest ; the indictment specifically notes that among other things , the officer slammed the person 's head into the door of their police car .
[ Trump on rally protester : ‘ Maybe they should have been roughed up ' ]
Such charges have continued during the Trump administration . Last month , the Justice Department announced that three current and former Florida police officers had been indicted in connection with the assault of a car passenger during a traffic stop . Officers charged with using excessive force during arrests have also faced charges of making false statements about what unfolded .
Excessive force lawsuits can also be costly for local governments . Last month , a $ 225,000 settlement was reached in the case of a Pennsylvania man who said they were shocked with a Taser after arguing with an officer during their arrest . In 2015 , a $ 1 million settlement was reached in a case involving a California sheriff 's deputy accused of using excessive force on a man with Down syndrome .
Trump and their administration have offered a defense of law enforcement officers in the face of what they have portrayed as an anti-police mentality . Attorney General Jeff Sessions tied a recent increase in violent crime to “ undermined ” respect for police .
Sessions 's Justice Department has also launched a review of all police-reform agreements in place nationwide , pacts that remain a key legacy of former president Barack Obama 's administration . Such agreements are typically reached after expansive federal civil rights investigations , such as the probe of the Chicago police , released days before Trump took office , which determined that officers there routinely use excessive force and violate the rights of residents .
Before they were confirmed , Sessions said that consent decrees forcing reforms on departments can “ undermine the respect for police officers. ” In April , the Justice Department said that officials would review all existing agreements to ensure they do not work against the Trump administration 's goals of fighting violent crime while protecting officer safety and morale . Police departments have vowed to continue pushing for reforms .
During their speech Friday , Trump also returned to a familiar theme for him : invoking , and questioning , the levels of violence in Chicago . Speaking in New York , Trump appeared to tell a variation on a story they shared last year about an unnamed “ top police officer ” in the city who could stop the bloodshed there in a matter of days .
This story , first posted at 4:53 p.m. , has been updated .
Further reading :
Cheers , a punch , a slur . What it 's like in the crowd at a Donald Trump rally .
The violent rally Trump ca n't move past
Trump says they ca n't be sued for violence at their rallies because they won the election
Terrific value ! Display just as good too !
First things first , living in India , the cheapest 27 '' 1440p 144Hz IPS panel one could find here costs at least $ 900 ! That 's exorbitantly expensive for most people here . This one costs three times less while compromising on almost nothing ( except the warranty which can be a dealbreaker for some ) . About the monitor , I have found only two dead pixels on the screen , but they are as hard to find at a normal viewing distance as finding a needle in a haystack . Being an IPS , the viewing angles are great . The 165Hz refresh rate is a godsend and coming from a 60Hz screen myself , the change has been almost too good to be true ! The 1440p resolution too makes a world of difference at a screen size as huge as this . The response time is good enough that I was n't able to notice any ghosting while playing FPS like CSGO and PUBG . I have a 1080 Ti to drive games to the monitor and my word , games really do come to life ! The bezel is thinner than most smartphones in the market and that just adds to the aesthetics of the monitor . My only qualm about the monitor is that the stand it comes with does n't feel very stable so it would be advisable to fit an aftermarket stand . A slight annoyance is that the OSD comes in Korean by default but it 's quite easy to change it to English ( by going to the first option in the OSD menu ) . The guide it comes with is also in Korean only so one is on their own when first configuring the monitor . All in all , it 's a great monitor at an unbeatably low price and a surprisingly good build .
X Previous image Next image
Verified purchase : No
David works on the Magic community team as a content specialist . They spend their days writing about Magic Online and trying to play too many colors at once in Limited .
What Is the Magic Online Weekly Announcements Blog ?
Every Tuesday , we round up all of the biggest Magic Online news for the Weekly Announcements Blog .
Check in weekly for the latest updates !
Quick Links
This Weekend , Head to a Kaladesh Prerelease Event At Your Local Game Store
No premier play this weekend . Experience Kaladesh at your local game store 's Prerelease this weekend , September 24-25 , ! Check back next week on MTGO.com for full Magic Online Kaladesh Prerelease information !
Top
Incoming 2017 Magic Online Championship Series Details
Heads up , the schedule and details for the Magic Online Championship Series will be posting tomorrow on DailyMTG and MTGO.com !
Top
The Legacy Cube Returns , September 21
The Legacy Cube makes its triumphant return on September 21 , following the downtime ! Get the full event details and see what 's changed in the latest iteration of the Legacy Cube here .
Please Note : Due to issues with Puppeteer Clique , we will be replacing it with Xiahou Dun , the One-Eyed in the upcoming run of the Legacy Cube .
Top
Upcoming Legacy Cube Streamer Showdown on September 22
If you 've never seen a Streamer Showdown before , they come in two eight-player pods that feature some of the best streamers in the community brawling with the latest Magic Online sets , Cubes , and Flashback Drafts . If you 're trying to improve your game , Magic Online streamers are some of the best players out there—and some of the best teachers , too . Even if you 're already a Magic pro , throw your support behind one of the competitors and cheer them on from their Twitch chat !
This Streamer Showdown will feature a Legacy Cube Draft ! Check out the streamer lineup below , then stop by your favorite streamer 's Twitch channel on Thursday , September 22 , at 1:00 p.m. PT/8:00 p.m. UTC and 6:00 p.m. PT/1:00 a.m. UTC for the latest Streamer Showdown .
Thursday , September 22 , 1:00 p.m. PT/8:00 p.m. UTC Event
Thursday , September 22 , 6:00 p.m. PT/1:00 a.m. UTC Event
Top
Announcing October MOPR Promos
The October MOPR period runs from September 21 , 2016 , through October 26 , 2016 . Here are the promo cards :
Event Promo
Rise from the Tides Store Promo
Gush
Play in one or more events during the MOPR period , and you 'll get a non-premium Rise from the Tides . Five or more and you 'll get an additional premium Rise from the Tides . Spend at least $ 20 total in the Magic Online Store during this MOPR period , and you 'll get a non-premium Gush . By spending $ 40 or more , you 'll get an additional , premium , Gush .
And remember , this means it 's your last chance to get the September MOPR promos , like this Flaying Tendrils .
In the Magic Online Player Rewards ( MOPR ) program , Magic Online players are rewarded for participating in tournaments of a sufficient size , as well as making purchases in the Magic Online Store . Learn about the specifics of the program here .
Top
The Year of Modern Flashbacks Continues with Scars of Mirrodin
It 's 2016 : The Year of Modern Flashbacks ! If you want to build up a collection for Modern , these Flashback Drafts add everything you draft to you collection once the event is over . Even if Modern is n't your thing , you can enjoy a leisurely Draft through the planes of the past with rotating formats each week !
Mirrodin Besieged-Scars of Mirrodin-Scars of Mirrodin Drafts kick off after the September 21 downtime . Get the full schedule here and mark your calendar for the formats you 're most excited about !
Top
Upcoming Power Nine Challenge September 24
Play in the upcoming Power Nine Challenge on Saturday , September 24 for a chance to win a piece of the Power Nine !
Top
Inactivity Timeout for Premier Play Events Extended
Effective immediately , the timeout limit for PTQ Finals , MOCS , and RPTQ Events will be extended to 15 minutes from the original 10 . Our hope is that extending the time limit will give players who are experiencing technical issues in high-level events more time to contact DEC support and troubleshoot the problem .
Top
Upcoming Extended Downtime on Wednesday , September 28
There will be an extended downtime on Wednesday , September 28 , for Magic Online . Events close at 12:00 a.m. PT/7 a.m. UTC ( that 's midnight Pacific ) , and store activity and trades end at 2:45 a.m. leading up to the system coming down at 3:00 a.m . The system is estimated to return from downtime at 12:00 p.m .
Top
Downtime for September 21 , 2016
All tournaments will close Wednesday , September 21 , at 5:00 a.m. PT/12 p.m. UTC
Store and trade activity will be suspended at approximately 7:45 a.m. PT/2:45 p.m. UTC
The system will be down from 8:00 a.m./3 p.m. UTC until 12:00 p.m. PT/7 p.m. UTC
Top
Build Notes
Collection | Renaming binders now allows for the correct amount of characters .
General | An issue that caused rare client crashes has been fixed .
General | A bug that caused the client to crash upon login after changing time zones has been fixed .
General | The Added to Your Collection pane and trade windows are once again appropriately sticky , and will no longer appear at a different location each time they open .
General | Chat history is maintained when a chat window is closed and reopened .
Leagues | Added support for improved League matchmaking .
Store | A rare bug in which the store would take payment but not provide product has been fixed .
Store | System generated error emails sent out for redemption failures will now provide information to you regarding why the failure occurred .
Trade | An error causing the trade window to turn white and freeze temporarily upon submission has been fixed .
Trade | Binder sync and performance has been improved .
September 23 Hotfix Build Notes
Trade | Binders now update when you get a trade request while in the Collection scene , so most recent binders are shown in trade . This will not work if players are initiating from the Collection scene by sending direct trade requests to players from the Chat dropdown menu .
Trade | Fixed an issue preventing the active binder from showing as active in the Collection scene
Trade | Fixed an issue where binders were out of sync with the server and would not accept player inputs
Top
Ongoing and Upcoming Events
Head on over to our shiny new event calendar at MTGO.com/Calendar for an easy-to-digest breakdown of events happening all across Magic Online .
If you 're anything like us , you 've got what your mother might call a `` disturbing '' obsession with the world that comes after the inevitable meteor , plague , robot uprising , or birdpocalypse . Well , good news ! There 's no need to sit around twiddling your thumbs while waiting to see what post-apocalyptic Earth might look like -- not when there currently exist places such as ...
6 The Ruins of the Future That Never Was
Jose Luis Filpo Cabana
Expo '92 in Seville was one of the 20th century 's final world 's fairs , so Spain wanted to do that biz up right . The theme of the expo was `` The Age of Discoveries , '' and Seville certainly lived up to it : They spent over five years and $ 2 billion to construct a 500-plus-acre utopian city of the future . You know , sort of like Epcot , only ... well no , it was exactly like Epcot .
Copeau
As residents of The Future , we 're a little disappointed there are n't as many giant , pointless balls as promised .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The expo was a smash hit , attracting more than 16 million visitors during its short six-month run . But the extravaganza was over as quickly as it began , and while the organizers had high hopes that it would spark a rebirth of tourism to the region , it just ... did n't . Thus , much of the site has since been abandoned to the elements . The rocket ship on the horizon is forever lashed to the Earth by decidedly low-tech vines ; the monorails are up on blocks and would n't look a bit out of place in the backyard of some sci-fi redneck .
The Blackzilian camp has passed its 2 year mark and seems to have settled in as a bonafide supercamp , filled with top notch athletes . With names like Rashad Evans , Tyrone Spong , Anthony Johnson and Abel Trujillo gracing their roster , along with a laundry list of great prospects , they 're sitting in a very enviable position .
A couple of big names are no longer making roll call , though . Melvin Guillard had a very public break with the Blackzilians almost a year ago , and more recently , although not public knowledge , Alistair Overeem has separated from the camp and is searching for yet another team to call home .
In a recent interview with Bloody Elbow , Blackzilian team chief , Glenn Robinson commented on why they released Overeem from their management , the break with Melvin Guillard , and also gives a manager 's perspective on the proposed UFC uniform . Here 's what they had to say :
Melvin Guillard
I stopped repping Melvin about six months ago . I was at a point where I just wanted to focus on a certain number of guys , and I just did n't feel I was the appropriate manager for Melvin . I had a hard time getting hold of him , so I ended up having to send a text to a good friend of their explaining that I needed to bow out . Malki ( Kawa ) is repping them now , and from what I can see , Malki is doing an awesome job with him . I think Melvin is a great person and will excel in the WSOF .
Malki Kawa
Our issues are not resolved . Malki does n't like me and we kind of have our feelings about each other , but life goes on , the sun comes up and there 's nothing I can do about it but move on .
UFC Uniforms
I have not spoken to the UFC about it from a management perspective , but I do own Jaco , and I hate to see that we wo n't be able to be in the UFC . Hopefully there will be room on the shorts or shirts for our guys . I do think that realistically , on an overall basis , it 's a very positive change for the vast majority of the fighters .
There are a few fighters that are high up the chain that make a lot of money from sponsors , but there is a tremendous number of fighters that do n't , so I think on that overall basis , it will help a whole lot more than it will hurt . I think it 's a strong move in support of the fighters .
Tyrone Spong
In my opinion , Tyrone will be victorious this weekend . He 's had some personal tragedy recently , but he 's training well and looks great . He 's strong and in good spirits .
Their personal tragedies were the death of a close friend , and the brutal murder of their uncle in Suriname . Tyrone had just spent Christmas and New Year 's with him , too . It was their mother 's brother and they were very close . It hit the family very hard and took them some time to get over .
They channeled all the energy and pain and frustration into their training . He 's dedicating this fight to their uncle and friend that passed away , so for them , they will make sure he 's victorious .
Alistair Overeem
Tyrone and Alistair have not trained together in a very long time . They have n't trained with the team in a long time . Their last camp they did in Thailand , and the camp before that they did in our gym , but they brought in their own trainers except for Kenny Monday , and they did all their training late at night . They had their own sparring partners , and basically did everything on their own .
He 's not on our roster anymore , to be honest . It was a hard call for me , but I think it was something that was mutually in both our heads . I ended up making that decision because I did n't feel I was the right person for him . I felt that there were people out there that could better take care of him . I had always told them that if I did n't think I could do the best job for him , I would bow out , so that 's what I did .
I still wish them the best . I feel like they have the ability to be the champ very easily . When he 's on their game , he 's just devastating . I think the best Alistair is yet to be seen .
I do n't think he 's talking to anyone yet as far as new management , but I know he 's shopping around for a new camp . I 've heard rumors , but nothing that I want to throw out on their behalf .
Anthony Johnson
Anthony has matured so much as a fighter . He 's really fast and very strong . Everybody talks about Phil Davis ' wrestling , but Anthony knows how to wrestle . He 's not new to it . I think Phil is a tremendous athlete and a great competitor , but I believe Anthony will win this fight . He 's going to show the world who he 's become .
Rashad Evans
Their recovery is coming along very fast . The physical therapists are all saying he 's way ahead of schedule . He 's kept their weight down throughout their recovery and has been working out the whole time . He 's moving very fast now . He 's going to be coming back in the fall , better than ever .
You can follow Glenn via their Twitter account , @ GlennAuthentic
We want you to understand that we are trying to start a movement . We are attempting to create a sustainable model , that other blighted neighborhoods and cities can follow . Reclaiming abandoned or unused space is the first step . While Growing vegetables is our priority , we also want to educate the community as much as possible .
We are active members of the Kansas City Food Growers Circle and have taken their pledge to grow as organically and practice sustainability .
Where to Begin ....
Urban Harvest KC is an indoor aquaponic farm , produce shop , art space , and learning facility . We grow organic chemical free micro-greens and leafy green vegetables . We support ourselves by providing specialty micro greens and hard to find gourmet vegetables for chefs .
We are also a Community Supported Agriculture . We have a local organic farmer that provides us with just enough winter vegetables , from their greenhouse , to provide us with fresh produce . This allows us to be a spot for people to pick up their `` CSA '' packages . The farm provides us with carrots , spinach , beets , lettuce , sweet potatoes and onions . So we are also able to provide CSA packages . What ever we do not sell , we donate to a community outreach and network center , just around the corner from our farm .
There are so many other things in store for the future for us . We give tours and offer workshops to teach people how to build and maintain a small system .
What is Aquaponics ?
Aquaponics is essentially a type of hydroponics and it acts as a great controlling measure to protect the environment from the harmful effects of a few substances which pollute the environment . It 's principally a perfect combination of aquaculture and hydroponics . Ideally , aquaponics consists of two main things – fish culture and hydroponics , i.e . planting without soil in water as a medium .
These two aspects of aquaponics complement each other to work efficiently . If planned properly with good equipment and proper knowledge then aquaponics can surely give you good yield . As this method is on similar principles as hydroponics , you do not use soil . The fish waste serves as food for plants while plants generate oxygen for the fish to survive and breathe . With this symbiotic process you can create a healthy growing atmosphere for fishes as well as the plants .
A basic Aquaponic set up
In Summary :
We really would like it if you could help us build our farm , so that we can support our community . Help us spread the word and the knowledge .
A lot of the best Raspberry Pi projects are all about connecting and controlling your Raspberry Pi from afar . Particle is a web service that helps make that process a little easier and they 've introduced a beta program that adds in the Raspberry Pi .
Particle is essentially a cloud server that stores data and scripts that allow you to control a Raspberry Pi remotely . This essentially eliminates the need to start up a server for a number of Raspberry Pi projects . Once you sign up for the beta , you 'll get access to a bunch of community libraries so it 's easy to push data out to your Raspberry Pi from anywhere . Particle.io is built for full-scale prototyping and is priced accordingly , but the free package is enough for one person to make a project or two . Adafruit did an interview with the founder about how it all works if you 're curious . Otherwise , head over to Particle 's page to sign up for the beta program .
Advertisement
Particle + Raspberry Pi | Particle
Share Please !
I write this post with hesitation & unease . Perhaps it 's because I 'm about to reveal what very few know about me . But since I was recently advised to write about that which I﻿'﻿m afraid of — here I go :
The Tragedy
I come from a poor background in India . My father 's resilience and tenacity allowed us an escape . We moved from an impoverished neighborhood in Bombay to Canada . I complained at first — since I had lost all my friends . But it finally seemed that I had a future to look forward to .
Abruptly things took a turn for the worse . In 2005 , a tragedy took us by storm . A freak accident had my brother hurtling through the roof of a two-story building in India . Their spine crashed through a clutter of steel chairs and desks . They landed into an empty children 's classroom .
I was in the living room with my mother when the phone rang in Canada . The doctor informed us that they were paralyzed from the waist down . We were stunned .
To help pick up the pieces , my family pulled me out of school and packed me off to India . Being uprooted from my life for the second time sucked . But I could n't complain . How could I ? My brother go through something magnitudes worse.​
Lesson Learned : As bad as you may have it , someone somewhere is going through worse.​
The Fight ‘ ﻿Back﻿ ' & ﻿﻿﻿﻿Getting﻿﻿﻿﻿ ﻿Rejected
We had lost everything at this point . And after multiple surgeries , we drained most of the savings . My dad said Canada was bad luck and did n't want to go back .
After around 3 years and a lot of ‘ fighting for it ' , I managed to make it back to Canada . ( I 'll need an entire post to expand on that ) . My family stayed behind .
Alone as I was , I still believed everything could go back to normal . I approached a high school to continue where I left off . They turned me away . “ You 're too old to go here ” said the administrative assistant . They spared me a single glance as they handed my application back to me .
I was 19 , and they did n't accept adults . Gah ! It was fair , though . Adult High School was still an option . But the one I approached limited you to one course at a time ! ( At the time , I thought they were all like that ) So I decided to do some additional digging .
Lesson Learned : It may take time . But there 's always a way to hit “ reset ” .
Getting into University Without a Diploma
It turns out , in Ontario , you can get into a University Program without a diploma — as long as you have the required grades & courses . I was always terrible at school , but I was good at Math . So I played the cards that were dealt to me . I aced all the Math courses required for the Math Major and sent in my application . A few weeks later , I received an acceptance letter ! I was ecstatic .
Going to university was a pretty big deal to me . A few years prior to this , I felt like my entire world was crashing down . Jesus , I had n't even completed high school . But there was a catch . There 's always a frigging catch . They put me on probation . If I were to fail even a single course , I 'd be kicked out of the program . Uh oh…
Lesson Learned : There 's always another way . Look for solutions .
Mopping the University Floors
It then dawned on me — that getting into University was only half the battle . Now , I had to figure out how to pay for it . So I applied for a job as a night-shift janitor .
Turns out , it was for a janitorial position in the engineering building of the same University I went to . Oh , the irony.​ Cleaning the floors at night , studying on the floors by day.​
I never did make it for my early morning classes , though . In fact , I rarely made it to ANY of my classes . I self-studied at home — but I still felt a stronger connection to that building than most of the students .
Lessons Learned : There 's a silver lining to everything.​
Getting Fired While Self-Learning
The pressure of probation & getting kicked out of school forced me to keep my grades up… really up . But I did n't see a career in Math . It was a means to an end . Software always intrigued me . So I began using my spare time to learn how to program and requested a transfer to the Computer Science degree.​
Balancing my grades and working was hard enough without trying to learn how to code . So I tried to work “ quicker ” with the mop . I used the gained time to watch coding videos on my phone .
I remember the first time my manager caught me in the act . My feet were up on a table , as I leaned back on a chair holding my phone in front of my face . They are n't pleased . I tried to be stealthier moving forward — but they always had one eye one me .
​The final straw was when they found me in the washroom cubicle . I had a Calculus textbook open on my lap . ( I taught I had the damn door locked . ) They fired me at the end of that shift .
Lessons Learned : 1 ) Having your back to the wall can bring out the best in you . 2 ) Always ‘ make time ' to move up . Take risks if you have to.​
All Was Gravy
At this point , though , I had secured a summer job as a Software Developer , so things were n't too grim . In fact , for the first time in around 4 years , things were looking bright !
Working as a Software Dev now was great . But I felt something “ missing ” . ​ I wanted to feel involved in the other aspects of the company . I enjoyed the technical aspect of Software Development . But I also wanted to talk to customers and discuss product strategy . That 's how I stumbled upon Product Management .
Lessons Learned : Do n't wait to ‘ find what you love ' . Just take steps , you 'll figure it out along the way.​
Finding a mentor & Self-Learning
Stumbling upon Product Management was n't enough . I needed direction & guidance . So I found a mentor .
This was by far the single best thing I did for my career & personal growth ! I probably avoided a thousand missteps because of their guidance . All my peers were improving their Software skills in their spare time . I , however , read about Product Management and practiced any associated skills .
Virtual Mentors & Self-Learning
Developing a relationship with a mentor within your network takes time . Eating into their time too much would be selfish . Fortunately , there were a few people on the internet who took it upon themselves to help people grow . They post several YouTube Videos and Blog Posts that I was able to consume over the years . I like to call these guys “ Virtual Mentors ” .
Some of the most influential Virtual Mentors I 've had been Joh﻿﻿﻿n Sonmez from SimpleProgrammer and Sal Khan from KhanAcademy . John Sonmez is one of those “ I want to have it all ” guys which was something I could resonate with strongly – but I always felt guilty for want it all – until I came across him , of course . If John could be a successful programmer , entrepreneur AND have a shredded/muscular body , why could n't I ? Over the years John has inspired me to be everything I want to be and never settle . A virtual mentor who did n't know I existed .
Sal Khan was my “ professor ” for every class I missed . And I missed a lot . What Sal is doing with KhanAacademy – providing affordable & free education for students across the world has influenced SkipMBA as well ! ( To this date – even after an MSc in Comp Sci – I still use Sal 's videos to brush up on my self-education . You 're never too educated to learn the basics )
While the connection is n't as quite deep as it can be with a traditional mentor , there are advantages to a virtual mentor . YouTube Videos and Blog Posts can be referred to again . You do n't feel “ guilty ” for asking the same question . You can even refer to the same content years later to reassess yourself .
‘ Making ' time to ‘ Move ﻿Up﻿ '
I was essentially making time to “ move up ” instead of trying to excel at my current job . I had realized how important this was . If you have the ambition to move up , you have to focus on learning for the next job .
It 's not just your “ spare time ” that gets influenced , but also the ‘ battles ' you choose to fight . For example , I would put a lot more effort into presentations & business classes than my friends did . I would choose to skip certain classes over the other . These little things added up over the years .
Lessons Learned : Long gone are the days when companies invested heavily into your self-improvement . Take your own measures to advance .
Usi﻿﻿﻿﻿ng my Master 's to Self-Improve
When I finally graduated , it felt pretty surreal . It was n't either long before then when I had almost resigned to flipping burgers for the rest of my life . ( I honestly saw no shame in that , I just needed to make a living . ) And now I was suddenly on stage , receiving my BSc in Computer Science without a high school diploma . You can imagine how I felt…
If not , here 's a shaky video of the moment :
​I promise you , this was not planned . It just… happened . As you can see , I completely forgot to shake hands with the Dean etc . Oh well…
Due to my grades , I received a full scholarship to do my Master 's degree . Medical school rankings in Texas also grant you such a possibility . I was able to deepen my knowledge in the field . But also I used these two years for a lot of self-improvement ( non-tech related ) . Towards the end of my Master 's Degree , I realized how much I enjoyed presenting & speaking . Because of this I started teaching fellow colleagues on the basics of public speaking & presentations .
The Interview…
After graduating I landed a pretty high paying job as Software Sales Engineer . Toward the end of the year , a recruiter contacted me . It was for a potential Product Management position at a Fortune 500 company . They said the base pay was 100,000 $ ! Wow ! I was pretty excited .
They then went on to say that I 'd be going up against candidates that have 8 – 10 years of experience . My heart sank . I knew what this was . I was one of those “ filler candidates ” . The recruiter did n't sound too enthusiastic either .
“ Do n't get your hopes up. ” they said in a thin voice .
After some deliberation , I decided to go forward with the interview . Worst case scenario I 'd come out with some PM interview experience .
I got through the first round , which was super ! At the second interview , though , my interviewer held a poker face the entire time . I could n't gauge whether my answers were sitting well with them or not . They were impressive — I 'm usually great at reading people 's faces .
​After the interview , they said I 'd get a call the latest by the end of the week . I did n't get a call .
The Offer
I felt bummed — but only for a few minutes . I went on to enjoy my weekend — I had learned to appreciate to good things I had .
The following Monday the recruiter called . I expected bad news . Turns out it was good news…great news actually . I thought I was going to round 3 . But they said that the company decided to offer me the job and that they 'd cancel the third round of the interviews if I accept .
After some negotiating and haggling , I accepted the offer .
Lessons Learned : Pick up the bat , go up to the pitch… and swing . If you miss — whatever . No one 's watching anyway . But what if you hit a homerun ?
What 's Ahead ?
Back in 2011 , I detailed wrote a 5-year career plan . The plan was to pursue my MBA in Fall of 2016 to help me break into Product Management . Well , 2016 rolled along and I was already a Product Manager . I questioned whether it was worth going into severe debt to pursue an MBA .
Looking back at my entire journey , I realized that most of my success came from self-learning . Education is important . But the degree not so much . So I decided to skip the MBA .. and self-study .
I read & study around two books a week . I do book summaries , case studies , and document it all on a blog . This helps me crystallize my knowledge . I 'm teaching everything I learn on it on this blog . I co-ordinate with my friends who are doing their MBA . And in contrast , I 'm learning practical material at a faster pace . ( And I 'm saving a ton of money )
Major Lessons Learned : You may not have much . But you definitely have more than someone else in this world . Recognize that advantage , and LEVERAGE it to improve and advance . Do n't feel sorry for yourself and compare yourself to those who “ have ” .
A quality education has never been as easily accessible as it is today .
Mark Twain : “ I never let my schooling interfere with my education ”
GCC and static analysis
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN.net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible . If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
Concurrency tends to make programming hard . Kernel development obviously involves dealing with a lot of concurrency , but there is also a lot of multi-threaded user-space development that suffers from the same issues . It would be nice if the computer could help developers avoid race conditions and other problems that arise in concurrent environments . Some developers at Google have been working on just such a project for some time , but they have just relocated the project from GCC to the LLVM Clang compiler , saying that GCC is not suited to the work they want to do . The result has been a sort of wake-up call for GCC developers . Is the GCC compiler suite not well suited to the creation of static analysis tools ?
Like kernel programming , multi-threaded user-space programming involves creating and using locks to prevent concurrent access to shared data . In a properly designed and implemented locking scheme , code will never see inconsistent views of shared data , and that data will not change when the code is not expecting changes . Getting to that point is hard , though , and the bugs that result from locking mistakes can be hard to reproduce and hard to diagnose . There are few things more frustrating than a highly intermittent bug that seemingly makes no sense and defies efforts to track it down .
In 2008 , Google developer Le-Chun Wu announced a project to add support for `` thread safety annotations '' in C and C++ programs to the GCC compiler . Since then , work has progressed to the point that the developers have a useful system that is employed by a number of internal projects . The ideas are relatively straightforward . Shared data requiring a lock is annotated with something like :
Mutex data_mutex ; struct shared_data Data GUARDED_BY ( data_mutex ) ;
Functions that manipulate locks are annotated with :
class some_class { Mutex mutex ; void get_lock ( ) EXCLUSIVE_LOCK_FUNCTION ( mutex ) { ... } void put_lock ( ) UNLOCK_FUNCTION ( mutex ) { ... } / * ... * / } ;
There are also annotations for shared locks and `` trylock '' functions that may not succeed . If a function expects a given lock to be held when it is called , it can be annotated with EXCLUSIVE_LOCKS_REQUIRED ( ) ; there is also a LOCKS_EXCLUDED ( ) annotation for functions that will acquire non-nesting locks themselves . Finally , this construction can be used for lock ordering constraints :
class some_class { Mutex m1 ; Mutex m2 ACQUIRED_AFTER ( m1 ) ; / * ... * / } ;
Some other annotations exist ; they can be seen in this slide deck [ PDF ] , which is where your editor stole the above examples from .
The GCC implementation sets itself up as an early optimization pass . It builds a representation of the code from the GIMPLE internal representation , tracking which locks are held at each point through the function . When problems or inconsistencies are found , the compiler raises the alarm , hopefully causing the problem to be fixed before it gets into production code and bites somebody .
This code is available in a branch in the GCC repository and appears to be useful , so it came as a bit of a surprise when , on April 19 , Google developer Diego Novillo announced that the project had been terminated , and that the group was now working to implement the same functionality in the LLVM Clang compiler instead . When asked why the group was making this change , developer Delesley Hutchins responded :
The gcc version has been difficult to support and maintain , due mainly to the fact that the GIMPLE intermediate language was never designed for static analysis . The abstract syntax tree provided by Clang is an easier data structure to work with for front-end analyses of this kind .
The response added that the GCC implementation has `` some issues '' that would make it hard to merge into the GCC mainline , while the Clang implementation has been in the trunk all along .
The GCC developers , naturally , would like to understand what it is about their compiler that made this project hard . The Google team was hesitant to respond , seemingly unwilling to criticize GCC or to cause a compiler flame war . Eventually , though , Delesley posted a more detailed description of the kinds of difficulties they had run into . There is a lot of information there , but it seems to come down to two crucial points :
The GIMPLE representation loses information about the structure of the original program that the static analysis pass really needs to have . LLVM , instead , builds an abstract syntax tree that much more closely matches the original C/C++ syntax ; additional structures are then based on that tree . LLVM 's tree is evidently well suited to the task of static analysis .
The GIMPLE representation changes significantly from one compiler release to the next , causing a lot of things to break . That adds a maintenance cost that the Google developers are unwilling to pay - especially if basing on LLVM instead makes that cost go away .
There were other things that were better for their purposes in GCC , but , in the balance , the developers concluded that LLVM is the better platform for their work . They seem determined to make the shift and feel that attempts to fix the problems they encountered in GCC would create difficulties elsewhere in the compiler . So this move appears to be a done deal .
In one sense , this decision lacks serious implications for the free software community . LLVM , too , is free software and the static analysis code will be part of it . That said , it is worrisome if GCC 's internal structure truly turns out to be poorly suited to static analysis tasks . There is a lot of interesting work being done in the static analysis area ; it offers the prospect of finding large numbers of bugs early in the development process . Static analysis tools will almost certainly be an increasingly important part of many developers ' tool boxes . If those tools can not easily be implemented with GCC , that compiler 's future may not be as bright as it otherwise should be .
That said , it is dangerous to extrapolate from one project to the whole field of static analysis tools . The GCC plugin mechanism is just beginning to mature ; it really has not had the time to turn into a platform that complex tools can be built on top of . So , while this episode is a warning that the GCC developers should hear ( and evidently have heard quite well ) , it should not be seen as evidence of fatal design flaws . Likely as not , it is just an indication of a problem in need of solution - something the GCC community is good at .
Even with these precautions I 've had baskets mold overnight in the refrigerator . So I followed up right away when I saw a reference in an agricultural journal on extending the shelf life of strawberries not with a chemical treatment or gamma irradiation , but with heat .
I gathered a dozen or so reports that hot-water treatments suppress mold growth on berries , grapes and stone fruits . The test temperatures ranged from 113 to 145 degrees , with exposure times of a few minutes at the lower temperatures , and 12 seconds at the highest .
Photo
I found it hard to believe that any part of a plant could tolerate 145-degree water . My finger in the same water would get a third-degree burn in less than 5 seconds , and eventually reach medium rare .
I bought pints of various berries , divided each batch into two samples , and heated one by immersing and swishing its plastic basket in a pot of hot water . I emptied the heated sample onto towels to cool down and dry . Then I repacked it , and encouraged both baskets to spoil by wrapping them airtight and letting them sweat on the kitchen counter . After 24 hours I counted the moldy berries in each basket .
The strawberries fared best when I heated them at 125 degrees for 30 seconds . In two samples from different sources , this treatment gave a total of 1 moldy berry out of 30 , where the untreated baskets had 14 . I also treated some bruised berries , including one with a moldy tip . After 24 hours none were moldy . The tip mold not only had n't spread , it had disappeared .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
I tried the same treatment , 125 degrees for 30 seconds , on raspberries and blackberries , and got the same good results . There were many fewer moldy berries in the heated samples .
For thicker-skinned blueberries , a Canadian study recommended a 140-degree treatment for 30 seconds . I tested it twice , with samples of around 150 berries each time . That heat took the bloom off . It melted the natural wax that gives the berries their whitish cast , and left them midnight blue . It also cut the number of moldy berries from around 20 per sample to 2 .
Research has also shown that exposure to hot air slows fruit spoilage . But hot air can take several hours , and I found it harder than hot water to apply precisely in the kitchen . I did spread some raspberries out on a sheet pan lined with towels , and put them in a 150-degree non-convection oven for 20 minutes . The berry bottoms got hotter than the tops , which were cooled by evaporation . Still , only 1 out of 48 heated berries became moldy , compared with 7 out of 52 in the unheated basket .
Why is it that delicate berries can survive heat high enough to kill mold and injure fingers ? Probably because they have to do so in the field . One study of tomatoes found that intense sunlight raised their interiors to 122 degrees . Such heat hurts the quality of growing fruits , but I could n't taste much of an effect on briefly heated ripe fruits .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
So if you find yourself plagued by quickly spoiling fruits , start giving them a brief hot bath before you spread them out or chill them . Thermotherapy can be healthy for all concerned .
They believe the animal has been depicted as ferocious , aggressive and bloodthirsty and are now trying to give the devils an image overhaul and portray them as shy and retiring in an attempt to convince the Australian public that they are worth saving .
Wild populations of Tasmanian devils are under grave threat from Devil Facial Tumour Disease , a type of contagious cancer that has decimated their numbers by 60 per cent in 10 years .
Wildlife experts now fear that the devils , which are the world 's largest surviving carnivorous marsupial , could follow the Tasmanian Tiger into extinction within 20 years .
The animals , named by British settlers for their ear-splitting screams and strong jaws , were immortalised by the cartoon character Taz as slavering , demented and ravenous .
To combat the decline of devil numbers , breeding centres have been set up across the mainland mating disease-free devils `` for insurance '' . The aim is to establish about 1,500 tumour-free devils in 20 zoos over the next few years .
But the program is expensive so in an attempt to generate sympathy for the devils , and donations to the Save the Tasmanian Devil Appeal , Taronga Zoo in Sydney has opened a new exhibit that repositions the devils as placid , solitary animals who are an essential part of the Tasmanian ecology .
Nick de Vos , unit supervisor of Australian animals at Taronga Zoo , said Warner Bros has `` a lot to answer for '' when it came to the devils ' image problem .
`` [ Warner Bros ] have got an animal that chews through everything and anything , that spins around and that is constantly emitting this incoherent scream . Well , real devils never spin around and they have many different calls , including a soft call . ''
In 2006 Warner Brothers gave permission for the Tasmanian Government to sell Taz toys , with all profits going toward devil conservation . But misconceptions about the nature of the animals remain .
Mr de Vos said that the exhibition had been devised to `` generate a bit of empathy '' for the maligned creatures .
`` It makes you realise they are not a screaming , spinning , blubbering Taz , but an animal that does have individual behaviour and traits that are n't always aggressive , they do have two sides . ''
In reality , Tasmanian devils were timid creatures that would only fight if they were forced to defend themselves , they said .
To dispel the myths , visitors to the exhibition will see devils asleep , when they appear `` calm and relaxed '' , they said .
Mr de Vos said : `` Even if you do n't find them cute and cuddly , they do play such an important role in the ecology of Tasmania , They are an animal that we ca n't afford to lose . ''
In an odd coincidence , two of the biggest hip-hop artists of the past decade pop up at Silicon Valley night clubs this week .
Hot off appearances at the Miami Ultra dance music festival last weekend and shows in Vegas , King of Crunk Lil ' Jon is DJing Pure Lounge 's 1st anniversary party this Thursday . Despite pioneering the crunk sound that dominated early 2000s hip hop , Lil ' Jon has recently moved into the EDM orbit , though he 's been DJing since the early 90s . With a hit collaboration with Frenchman DJ Snake in “ Turn Down for What , ” Lil ' Jon sees themselves just doing what he 's always been doing : “ just getting people amped up and hyped up , ” as they said in a recent interview with Spin magazine .
And then there 's T-Pain , the singer and producer who will always be associated with the auto-tune craze of the late 2000s brings their robo-vocals to Studio 8 on Saturday . After a hiatus in the wake of the autotune backlash , their latest hit single “ Up Down ( Do This All Day ) ” lies unapologetically in the same vein as their previous hits , helped along by producer DJ Mustard .
It looks as though T-Pain 's upcoming album Stoicville : Rise of the Phoenix will consist of T-Pain 's brand of party music , as well . In recent interviews , they admit being hurt by the auto-tune backlash , but has since decided to refuse to let that dampen their mood .
http : //youtu.be/HMUDVMiITOU
MIAMI - A former Miami-Dade police officer has pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting a conspiracy with the intent to distribute marijuana .
Roderick Silva , 45 , entered the plea Thursday in federal court .
Silva was accused of helping others grow marijuana in numerous southwest Miami-Dade County homes that they owned and rented .
Among the people whom Silva helped was the Santiesteban family , who were convicted in 2013 for their participation in the distribution of more than 1,000 marijuana plants , according to court documents . The co-conspirators were sentenced to significant prison sentences for their participation .
ALSO : Sweetwater police officer arrested in narcotics investigation
Silva provided the group with confidential information about when they were being investigated , told them when they might have their growth houses searched and offered advice about to how to avoid being caught .
They face a minimum mandatory sentence of five years in prison when they are sentenced in July .
Follow Local 10 News on Twitter @ WPLGLocal10
Copyright 2015 by Local10.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Barack Obama is acknowledging that U.S. intelligence agencies underestimated the threat from Islamic State militants in the Middle East and overestimated the ability and will of Iraq 's army to fight such extremists .
Obama described the U.S. intelligence assessments in response to a question during a CBS `` 60 Minutes '' interview that aired Sunday , in which they also conceded that the U.S. led military campaign against that group and an al-Qaida affiliate in Syria was helping Syrian dictator Bashar Assad , a man the U.N. has accused of war crimes .
But Obama said they had no choice but to order U.S. air strikes on Assad 's enemies , the Islamic State and the Khorasan Group because , they said , `` those folks could kill Americans . ''
The Islamic State group , which derived from but has broken with al-Qaida , has taken control of large sections of Iraq and Syria . The Khorasan Group is a cell of militants that the U.S. says is plotting attacks against the West in cooperation with the Nusra front , Syria 's al-Qaida affiliate .
Obama was asked how Islamic State fighters had come to control so much territory in Syria and Iraq and whether it was a surprise to him . The president said that during the Iraq war , U.S. military forces with the help of Iraq 's Sunni tribes were able to quash al-Qaida fighters , who went `` back underground . ''
`` During the chaos of the Syrian civil war , where essentially you have huge swaths of the country that are completely ungoverned , they were able to reconstitute themselves and take advantage of that chaos , '' Obama said , according to an excerpt release before the show aired .
They noted that their director of national intelligence , James Clapper , has acknowledged that the U.S. `` underestimated what had been taking place in Syria . '' Obama also said it was `` absolutely true '' that the U.S. overestimated the ability and will of the Iraqi army .
Both the Islamic State group and the Khorasan Group have been targeted by U.S. airstrikes in recent days ; together they constitute the most significant military opposition to Assad , whose government the U.S. would like to see gone .
On the fact that the U.S.-led military campaign had worked to Assad 's benefit , Obama said , `` I recognize the contradiction , '' but added : `` We are not going to stabilize Syria under the rule of Assad , '' whose government has committed `` terrible atrocities . ''
( AP ) In this Saturday , Sept. 27 2014 photo , provided by the anti-government activist ...
Full Image
Sen. John McCain , who lost the presidential election to Obama in 2008 and has been a frequent critic on foreign policy , said Monday that the administration had miscalculated the necessity for the United States to keep a residual force of troops in Iraq after the war there ended .
`` We predicted exactly what would happen . ... It 's like watching a train wreck , '' McCain , R-Ariz. , said on CNN . `` A residual force would have stabilized the situation . It is a direct result of our failure to leave a residual force there . ''
The United States and the government of then-Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki could not come to terms on agreement providing a residual force of American troops to remain in Iraq .
Obama said their first priority now is degrading the extremists who are threatening Iraq and the West . To defeat them , they acknowledged , would require a competent local ground force , something no analyst predicts will surface any time soon in Syria , despite U.S. plans to arm and train `` moderate '' rebels . The U.S. has said it would not cooperate with the Assad government .
`` Right now , we 've got a campaign plan that has a strong chance for success in Iraq , '' the president said . `` Syria is a more challenging situation . ''
House Speaker John Boehner questioned Obama 's strategy to destroy the Islamic State group . Boehner said Sunday on ABC 's `` This Week '' that the U.S. may have `` no choice '' but to send in American troops if the mix of U.S.-led airstrikes and a ground campaign reliant on Iraqi forces , Kurdish fighters and moderate Syrian rebels fails to achieve that goal .
`` These are barbarians . They intend to kill us , '' Boehner said . `` And if we do n't destroy them first , we 're going to pay the price . ''
Obama , though , made clear they have no interest in a major U.S. ground presence beyond the 1,600 American advisers and special operations troops they already have ordered to Iraq .
`` We are assisting Iraq in a very real battle that 's taking place on their soil , with their troops , '' the president said . `` This is not America against ISIL , '' they said , using an alternative name for the Islamic State group . `` This is America leading the international community to assist a country with whom we have a security partnership . ''
Only the U.S. can lead such a campaign , Obama said . `` We have capacity no one else has . Our military is the best in the history of the world . And when trouble comes up anywhere in the world , they do n't call Beijing . They do n't call Moscow . They call us . ''
WASHINGTON — A federal judge in Mississippi on Tuesday night ruled that Mississippi 's ban on same-sex couples ' marriages is unconstitutional — but the decision has been put on hold for two weeks .
`` Today 's decision may cause uneasiness and concern about the change it will bring , '' U.S. District Court Judge Carlton Reeves wrote . `` Mississippi continues to change in ways its people could not anticipate even 10 years ago . Allowing same-sex couples to marry , however , presents no harm to anyone . At the very least , it has the potential to support families and provide stability for children . ''
In the 72-page ruling , Reeves found that `` [ g ] ay and lesbian persons are full citizens that share the same rights as other citizens , including the right to marry . ''
The case was brought by same-sex couples seeking marriage and marriage recognition , as well as the Campaign for Southern Equality , and the parties are represented by Roberta Kaplan of Paul Weiss — the lawyer who represented Edie Windsor in their challenge to the Defense of Marriage Act .
In considering the claim that the marriage ban violates the constitutional guarantee of equal protection , Reeves first detailed — for 20 pages — that they believed sexual orientation classifications like the ban should be subjected to heightened scrutiny by the courts . Because the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals , in which Mississippi appeals are heard , has decided that only the lowest level of scrutiny — rational basis review — applies , however , they decided that they could not apply heightened scrutiny . Even under rational basis review , though , they found that same-sex couples `` are substantially likely to succeed on their claim that Mississippi 's same-sex marriage ban violates the Fourteenth Amendment . ''
The ruling is stayed for 14 days , under Reeves ' order , and `` [ t ] he Circuit Clerk of Hinds County shall continue to issue marriage licenses to opposite-sex applicants and only those applicants until further word from the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit or the United States Supreme Court . ''
In addition to taking any more permanent stay request to the 5th Circuit , Mississippi officials are expected to appeal the ruling itself to the 5th Circuit , which this past week announced it would be hearing oral arguments over the constitutionality of Texas and Louisiana 's marriage bans on Jan. 9 . It was not immediately clear how the Mississippi case decision would impact the planned 5th Circuit hearing , if at all .
Notably , Reeves took time to respond to the argument made by Judge Jeffrey Sutton in the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals decision upholding four states ' bans that the issue is better resolved through the political process . `` The courts do not wait out the political process when constitutional rights are being violated , especially when the political process caused the constitutional violations in the first place , '' Reeves wrote .
NASA mission selections show how the nation 's most innovative university embodies the spirit of exploration
Throughout all the ages of man , there has been a particular type of person who asks the same question .
Fur-clad early modern humans asked it as they pushed east across the rock and ice of the Bering Strait . Burton and Speke asked it as they crossed the East African veldt in search of the source of the Nile . Magellan could n't think about anything else , even if their terrified crew only thought of turning back . Aldrin , Armstrong and Collins asked it as they sailed to the moon across the great gulf of space .
“ What 's over there ? ”
The two missions selected by NASA recently — one entirely run by Arizona State University , the other carrying an ASU-built instrument — embody that question , which is the essence of exploration .
That thrill of venturing into the unknown was palpable in Lindy Elkins-Tanton 's voice during a NASA teleconference announcing the two picks to fly , one a visit to a metal world , the other to study six primitive asteroids .
Strip away the modifiers , and the institution 's ultimate purpose stands starkly stated : the School of ... Exploration .
“ This mission will be true exploration and discovery , ” said Elkins-Tanton , the director of ASU 's School of Earth and Space Exploration and principal investigator of the Psyche mission . “ Our job is to make the biggest discoveries possible . ”
NASA officials , usually the epitome of understated cool , even let excitement creep into their statements .
“ Lucy and Psyche will take us to worlds we 've never seen before , ” was the first thing Thomas Zurbuchen , associate administrator of NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , said . “ With every mission , we learn about the solar system . ”
Artist rendition of the asteroid Psyche . Image by Peter Rubin/ASU
But why ? Why leave Earth and home to spend hundreds of millions to go out into the black void of space ?
Elkins-Tanton took a stab at the answer in their KEDtalk a year ago about the mission .
“ Exploration is a human imperative , ” they said . “ It 's built into us , everything from Magellan to Captain Janeway . Exploration aligns humankind looking outward , instead of allowing us to be distracted by the irritations that lie between us , both as people and as nations . ”
We have seen planets made of rock , ice and gas . Psyche will voyage out between Mars and Jupiter , to a place that has never been visited , only glimpsed in photos as a pinpoint of light .
“ We have never seen a metal planet , ” Elkins-Tanton said . “ We do not know what this will look like . ... So this would be true exploration and true discovery . ”
The Lucy mission , meanwhile , will voyage to six primitive asteroids , measuring the surface temperatures on each with an ASU-designed and -developed thermal emission spectrometer , said Philip Christensen of the School of Earth and Space Exploration .
`` With each new mission , we 're expanding the types of solar system objects we 're studying here at ASU , ” said Christensen , who is the instrument 's principal investigator and designer .
Jim Bell teaches a class called “ Exploration : The Human Imperative. ” The planetary scientist is also deputy principal investigator on the Psyche mission . Bell said there 's no simple answer to why humans explore .
Sometimes it 's pragmatic . All the local resources have been exhausted and it 's time to move to another place , so a scout is sent out . Sometimes it 's for glory , to expand an empire like Alexander and conquer foreign lands . Sometimes it 's economic , searching for gold or timber or whales .
“ Now we 're more in an era where it 's fulfilling our curiosity , ” Bell said . “ It 's understanding our planet 's and our species ' place in our solar system and galaxy . ... It 's become this mix of knowledge and thrill and inspiration that kind of drives explorers . ”
`` Every time we send a mission into space , we get surprises . '' — Lindy Elkins-Tanton , director of ASU 's School of Earth and Space Exploration
Explorers are simply born that way , Bell said .
“ In my experience that 's not trained , ” they said . “ People are born with it . A baby wants to get out of the crib . A kid wants to explore a cave . It 's built-in . ... It must be a good thing ; otherwise , natural selection would have bred it out of us . ”
Today 's explorers on the true cutting edge of discovery are sitting in air-conditioned offices and are n't likely to worry about starvation , even if the vending machine goes empty . That does n't make them fundamentally any different from Lewis and Clark , Bell said .
“ It 's a different modality , ” Bell said . “ We 're using different tools . We 're not using our bodies . ... In space science , 99.99 percent of us ca n't go there , so we use these machines , telescopes , satellites , landers , rovers , orbiters — these machines are projections of our senses . It is different . None of us are in physical danger — maybe in danger of losing our jobs if our mission do n't get selected . But we 're not in physical danger , other than the distress of watching our rocket blow up . ... But it 's still a way of exploring and reaching out to new destinations and discovering them . ”
Right now , humans are earthbound . That 's changing . We 're not going to be stuck here forever .
“ At some point , in the far future it will be possible to go to these places , ” Bell said . “ Those people will be putting their lives on the line . ... There 's purpose to it . It 's an evolution . Galileo was an explorer . Their tool of exploration was a telescope . There 's a continuity of explorers and reasons to explore . Those of us doing modern space science are explorers . ”
And , being explorers , they are continually rewarded .
“ Every time we send a mission into space , we get surprises , ” Elkins-Tanton said . “ The solar system surprises us and gives us things we do n't anticipate every time we send a mission out there . ”
ASU has an official University Explorer . Scott Parazynski is an astronaut , doctor , mountaineer , pilot and polar explorer . We reached out to him , but they are n't available for comment .
They could be in space , for all we know .
Top image : The Psyche mission will examine a metal asteroid , using devices that include a multispectral imager . Image courtesy of NASA Discovery Program
Now THIS is what a typical dinosaur dig looks like in your imagination . Does n't it ?
Indiana Jones style hat ? Check . Khaki shorts ? Check . Arid North American badlands ? Double check .
Is it true that most dinosaur bones are found in places like Montana ? How accurate is this Hollywood stereotype ?
The truth is , North America is one of the best places for finding dinosaur bones , but it 's not the only place where you can find them .
In a recent Reddit AMA hosted by the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology , PastTime Podcast host and paleontologist Matt Borths gives us the short answer on why North America is such a hotspot for fossil hunters :
During the time of T. rex ( the Cretaceous period ) , an inland sea covered Kansas , Nebraska , and many midwestern states , Borths tells Upvoted .
“ Where there are coastlines , there are rivers flowing to them carrying lots of sand and mud ready to bury bones and teeth . So all this stuff gets buried rather than just withering away into dust , ” Borths says .
The fossils are buried deep under miles and miles of rock , which preserves the dinosaur , but makes it difficult for scientists to unearth them . So an event needs to happen to expose all those bones .
Fossils are uplifted when new faults and new mountains are formed .
“ The western part of North America is a perfect storm of these factors for many portions of the Age of Dinosaurs . It 's also great for the beginning of the Age of Mammals , particularly in the Big Horn basin where the Big Horn Mountains rose up as early primates and horses were scrambling around the ancient jungle . ”
Borths shares that fossil hunting works best in dry environments . That 's because it 's easy to spot a jaw lodged in desert dirt—when there are lots of trees and bushes , it 's hard to notice something like a fossil sticking up from under the ground .
“ There are rocks along the east coast , such as around Washington D. C. that have dinosaurs , but it 's hard to get at them because the foliage is so thick ( not to mention the paved over portions ) , ” they say .
Which states are the best for finding fossils ?
“ Utah , Wyoming , Colorado , and Montana are great places for dinos . For mammals , you want to go to South Dakota , Oregon , California . If you want to know where the most fossils are , my money would be on the midwest , ” Borths explains .
But why do n't we ever hear about fossil discoveries in the arid regions of Africa and Australia ?
That 's because these places have n't had any major mountain-building events in a long time .
“ There are probably lots of dinosaurs in the rocks under Australians ' feet but they ca n't get at them because no mountain-building event has lifted them up to expose them at the surface , ” they say .
“ We [ have found some ] African and Australian dinosaurs . They are just few and far between . ”
However , there seems to be a lot of great discoveries coming out of China lately . After all , the country is home to the infamous feathered dinosaur fossils that were recently unearthed . It turns out , China is a prolific place to find dinosaur fossils .
Feathered dinosaur fossil found in China ( Houston Museum of Natural Science/Wikimedia )
This is because China just joined the fossil-hunting game recently in the 20th century . It 's harder to find new species in the western United States and Europe because we 've been hunting for animals since the 18th century . We 've already discovered everything that 's easily found .
Borths predicts India and Argentina will be part of the next big fossil boom .
However , Borths ' favorite place for fossil hunting is neither Montana nor China . They prefer… Ohio ?
“ I 'm from the area and may be biased , ” they say . “ But seriously , you ca n't pick up a rock and not find a fossil in Cincinnati . ”
A simple question from their wife—Does physic really allow people to travel back in time ? —propelled physicist Richard Muller on a quest to resolve a fundamental problem that had puzzled them throughout their career : Why does the arrow of time flow inexorably toward the future , constantly creating new “ nows ? ”
That quest resulted in a new book called NOW : The Physics of Time ( W. W. Norton , 2016 ) , which delves into the history of philosophers ' and scientists ' concepts of time , uncovers a tendency physicists have to be vague about time 's passage , demolishes the popular explanation for the arrow of time , “ and proposes a totally new theory .
Their idea : Time is expanding because space is expanding .
“ The new physics principle is that space and time are linked ; when you create new space , you will create new time , ” says Muller , a professor emeritus of the University of California , Berkeley .
In commenting on the theory and Muller 's new book , astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson , host of the 2014 TV miniseries Cosmos : A Spacetime Odyssey , writes , “ Maybe it 's right . Maybe it 's wrong . But along the way he 's given you a master class in what time is and how and why we perceive it the way we do . ”
“ Time has been a stumbling block to our understanding of the universe , ” adds Muller . “ Over my career , I 've seen a lot of nonsense published about time , and I started thinking about it and realized I had a lot to say from having taught the subject over many decades , having thought about it , having been annoyed by it , having some really interesting ways of presenting it , and some whole new ideas that have never appeared in the literature . ”
The origin of ‘ now '
Ever since the Big Bang explosively set off the expansion of the universe 13.8 billion years ago , the cosmos has been growing , something physicists can measure as the Hubble expansion . They do n't think of it as stars flying away from one another , however , but as stars embedded in space and space continually expanding .
Muller takes their lead from Albert Einstein , who built their theory of general relativity—the theory that explains everything from black holes to cosmic evolution—on the idea of a four-dimensional spacetime . Space is not the only thing expanding , Muller says ; spacetime is expanding . And we are surfing the crest of that wave , what we call “ now . ”
“ Every moment , the universe gets a little bigger , and there is a little more time , and it is this leading edge of time that we refer to as now , ” they write . “ The future does not yet exist … it is being created . Now is at the boundary , the shock front , the new time that is coming from nothing , the leading edge of time . ”
Because the future does n't yet exist , we ca n't travel into the future , they assert . They argue , too , that going back in time is equally improbable , since to reverse time you would have to decrease , at least locally , the amount of space in the universe . That does happen , such as when a star explodes or a black hole evaporates . But these reduce time so infinitesimally that the effect would be hidden in the quantum uncertainty of measurement—an instance of what physicists call cosmic censorship .
“ The only example I could come up with is black hole evaporation , and in that case it turns out to be censored . So I could n't come up with any way to reverse time , and my basic conclusion is that time travel is not possible , ” they say .
Merging black holes
Muller 's theory explaining the flow of time led to a collaboration with Caltech theoretician Shaun Maguire and a paper posted online in June that explains the theory in more detail—using mathematics—and proposes a way to test it using LIGO , an experiment that detects gravitational waves created by merging black holes . of time . ”
If Muller and Maguire are right , then when two black holes merge and create new space , they should also create new time , which would delay the gravitational wave signal LIGO observes from Earth .
“ The coalescing of two black holes creates millions of cubic miles of new space , which means a one-time creation of new time , ” Muller says . The black hole merger first reported by LIGO in February 2016 involved two black holes weighing about 29 and 36 times the mass of the sun , producing a final black hole weighing about 62 solar masses . The new space created in the merger would produce about 1 millisecond of new time , which is near the detection level of LIGO . A similar event at one-third the distance would allow LIGO to detect the newly created time .
‘ I expect controversy ! '
Whether or not the theory pans out , Muller 's book makes a good case .
“ [ Muller ] forges a new path . I expect controversy ! ” writes UC Berkeley Nobel laureate Saul Perlmutter , who garnered the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics for discovering the accelerating expansion of the universe . Muller initiated the project that led to that discovery , which involved measuring the distances and velocities of supernovae . The implication of that discovery is that the progression of time is also accelerating , driven by dark energy .
For the book project , Muller explored previous explanations for the arrow of time and discovered that many philosophers and scientists have been flummoxed by the fact that we are always living in the “ now : ” from Aristotle and Augustine to Paul Dirac—the discoverer of antimatter , which can be thought of as normal matter moving backward in time—and Albert Einstein . While philosophers were not afraid to express an opinion , most physicists basically ignored the issue .
“ No physics theories have the flow of time built into them in any way . Time was just the platform on which you did your calculations—there was no ‘ now ' mentioned , no flow of time , ” Muller says . “ The idea of studying time itself did not exist prior to Einstein . Einstein gave physics the gift of time . ”
Einstein , however , was unable to explain the flow of time into the future instead of into the past , despite the fact that the theories of physics work equally well going forward or backward in time . And although they could calculate different rates of time , depending on velocity and gravity , they had no idea why time flowed at all . The dominant idea today for the direction of time came from Arthur Eddington , who helped validate Einstein 's general theory of relativity . Eddington put forward the idea that time flows in the direction of increasing disorder in the universe , or entropy . Because the Second Law of Thermodynamics asserts that entropy can never decrease , time always increases .
Was Stephen Hawking wrong ?
This idea has been the go-to explanation since . Even Stephen Hawking , in their book A Brief History of Time , does n't address the issue of the flow of time , other than to say that it 's “ self-evident ” that increasing time comes from increasing entropy .
“ I do n't see any way that it affects our everyday lives . But it is fascinating . ”
Muller argues , however , that it is not self-evident : it is just wrong . Life and everything we do on Earth , whether building houses or making teacups , involves decreasing the local entropy , even though the total entropy of the universe increases . “ We are constantly discarding excess entropy like garbage , throwing it off to infinity in the form of heat radiation , ” Muller says . “ The entropy of the universe does indeed go up , but the local entropy , the entropy of the Earth and life and civilization , is constantly decreasing .
“ During my first big experiment , the measurement of the cosmic microwave radiation , I realized there is 10 million times more entropy in that radiation than there is in all of the mass of the universe , and it 's not changing with time . Yet time is progressing , ” they say . “ The idea that the arrow of time is set by entropy does not make any predictions , it is simply a statement of a correlation . And to claim it is causation makes no sense . ”
In their book , Muller explains the various paradoxes that arise from the way the theories of relativity and quantum mechanics treat time , including the Schrodinger 's cat conundrum and spooky action at a distance that quantum entanglement allows . Neither of these theories addresses the flow of time , however . Theories about wormholes that can transport you across the universe or back in time are speculative and , in many cases , wrong .
The discussion eventually leads Muller to explore deep questions about the ability of the past to predict the future and what that says about the existence of free will .
Muller admits that their new theory about time may have observable effects only in the cosmic realm , such as our interpretation of the red shift—the stretching of light waves caused by the expansion of space—which would have to be modified to reflect the simultaneous expansion of time . The two effects may not be distinguishable throughout most of the universe 's history , but the creation of time might be discernible during the rapid cosmic inflation that took place just after the Big Bang , when space and time expanded much , much faster than today .
They are optimistic that in the next few years LIGO will verify or falsify their theory .
“ I think my theory is going to have an impact on calculations of the very early universe , ” Muller says . “ I do n't see any way that it affects our everyday lives . But it is fascinating . ”
Source : Republished from Futurity.org as a derivative work under the Attribution 4.0 International license . Original article posted to Futurity by Robert Sanders-UC Berkeley .
Featured Image Credit : Kjordand via Wikimedia Commons , CC BY-SA 4.0 .
Now , Check Out :
Having built a basic JSON API , we are now in a great position to understand how Rails handles HTTP requests , especially in terms of cross-site request forgery . Before we worry about authenticity tokens , let 's just get a few basic usages of cURL down .
To start , here is the Rails 4.0 code against which we will be using cURL . In short , we have a basic CRUD JSON API . The key detail worth noting is the only line in ApplicationController :
class ApplicationController < ActionController : : Base # Prevent CSRF attacks by raising an exception . # For APIs , you may want to use : null_session instead . protect_from_forgery with : : null_session end
By passing : null_session instead of the default : exception , we need not worry about retrieving or sending an authenticity token along with our requests to the server . For more on what : null_session means , see here .
With this detail out of the way , we are now ready to use cURL to interact with our server . Let 's start by asking for all the movies in the server 's database . Once we have our server running ( and our postgres database running , as well ) , we can issue the following command :
curl -v localhost:3000/movies # GET localhost:3000/movies
Since we are interested in the request and response details , we pass the -v flag to cURL for a verbose output of the actual HTTP request and response . There are all sorts of interesting details in the request and the response . For now , though , note that the response body is simply [ ] , an empty JSON array . We do n't have any movies in our server database . Let 's fix that with another cURL command :
curl -v localhost:3000/movies -X POST \ -H `` Accept : application/json '' \ -H `` Content-Type : application/json '' \ -d ' { `` movie '' : { `` title '' : `` Star Wars : A New Hope '' } } '
Whereas our previous command created an HTTP request willing to accept any MIME type back , this time , we designate that we want JSON back with the Accept header . In our case , this is an irrelevant detail simply because our server is coded to return JSON every time . Nonetheless , for the practice , we will request a JSON response . The Content-Type header indicates we are sending a POST request with JSON attached . Finally , the -d flag marks the payload , the actual movie data .
If all goes well , we will get a 201 status code , and a JSON representation of our record back in the body of the response .
{ `` id '' : 1 , `` title '' : `` Star Wars : A New Hope '' }
If we turn around and send a GET request to /movies/1 , we will now see that our record is there . Updating the record is simply a matter of submitting a PUT request to /movies/1 with a data payload which represents the new information . Submitting a DELETE is easy as well .
For good measure , let 's see how to use cURL when CSRF protection is enabled across our app 's controllers . Returning to our application controller , we now have :
class ApplicationController < ActionController : : Base protect_from_forgery with : : exception end
This setting is what will require that any POST , PUT , or DELETE request likewise contain an authenticity token which can be verified against the server 's session . So with this new setting in place , let 's try to POST a new movie record to the server .
curl -v localhost:3000/movies -X POST \ -H `` Accept : application/json '' \ -H `` Content-Type : application/json '' \ -d ' { `` movie '' : { `` title '' : `` Star Wars : The Empire Strikes Back '' } } '
Instead of the previous 201 status code , we now get a 422 and the ActionController : :InvalidAuthenticityToken error is raised . There is lots to be said about the authenticity token , and this question on StackOverflow is a good place to start . For our purposes here , though , suffice it to say that we now need to pass a cookie ( the session ) and the authenticity token over to Rails to create our new resource . The way cURL handles cookies makes this all fairly simple .
To start , let 's send a simple GET request to the root of our app and see how the server responds .
curl -v localhost:3000/
In particular , we are interested in the headers of the server response . Amongst all sorts of interesting information , there is one header which pertains to cookies , i.e. , Set-Cookie . The value of this header is our cookie which in the context of a browser would be stored locally and submitted with all POST , PUT , and DELETE requests . Along with that cookie , the authenticity token is likewise submitted . The token , which appears in the head tag of each HTML page is also hidden in an invisible input in HTML forms .
I am no security expert , and suggest an interested reader head over to the relevant Rails Guide for a more in depth discussion . Nonetheless , the cookie and authenticity token from each response go together as a two-part key of sorts . If the cookie and authenticity token match , then Rails lets any POST , PUT , or DELETE request through .
So how do we handle this with cURL ? Easy .
First , we send a GET request to the root , but this time store off the cookie for future use .
curl -- cookie-jar cookie.txt localhost:3000
Once the request returns , in addition to telling cURL to save the cookie off as cookie.txt ( or whatever file name suits the reader ) , we need to look through the response body and find the authenticity token in the HTML .
< meta content = `` 6LhpjoKfxxPQzW/1bdtuwHy3QD2+7oAFetHig0U1RoY= '' name = `` csrf-token '' / >
Note that the reader 's own token will be a different value . And , in fact , if we make a subsequent request to the root path , we will get different values for the cookie and authenticity token , too .
Now that we have our cookie in cookie.txt and we know our csrf-token , we can formulate a POST request to our server which will pass the CSRF protection .
curl -v localhost:3000/movies -X POST \ -- cookie cookie.txt \ -H `` X-CSRF-TOKEN : 6LhpjoKfxxPQzW/1bdtuwHy3QD2+7oAFetHig0U1RoY= '' \ -H `` Content-Type : application/json '' \ -d ' { `` movie '' : { `` title '' : `` Star Wars : The Return of the Jedi '' } } '
With the X-CSRF-TOKEN header and the correct corresponding cookie , Rails is perfectly convinced we are n't trying a CSRF attack and will happily respond with a 201 status code .
Whether handling the CSRF token in our JSON API is good design is another question . All the same , though , we now know how to send HTTP requests to our Rails server and honor its requirements for authenticity tokens if need be , all without leaving the command line .
Pickled Fennel
Typically when I travel to near and far places , I take a yoga class at as many different studios as possible . This past week , I spent several days down in Atlanta , GA ; amidst all the downward dogging , I could n't help but notice the plethora of fried pickles at several bars around town . Mostly cucumber pickles , but also the occasional okra and fried cauliflower pickle . Though not fried , I also sighted a vinegary batch of pickled fennel . Bizarre ? Apparently not… A few weeks back , a friend and I were enjoying our evening at Birroteca , drinking some very strong beers , making new friends , etc. , when the bartender noticed my copy of Ball Complete Book of Home Preserving peaking out of my tote bag ( I SWEAR I do n't usually carry it around with me ) . This prompted them to 1 ) ask me if I wanted a job as their resident pickler , and 2 ) offer us a sample of every pickle in the joint , which included a taste of their pickled fennel . Let me first say that I 'm usually a bit put off by the licorice flavor of fennel , but this cocktail garnish was surprisingly really good !
This pickled fennel recipe was inspired by various cocktail bars and Honest Food . Try this pickle in lieu of traditional relish on any sandwich or burger , mix it into salads , or use it as a cocktail garnish . Enjoy !
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- The Rev . Al Sharpton is expected to arrive in Cleveland Friday to help draw attention to needed police reforms .
Right on . Because nobody here is talking about the issue . And the national media has failed to notice Cleveland 's troubles . ( For those who do n't get me , I 'm being sarcastic . )
The truth is that the flamboyant and opportunistic Sharpton is too late . Cleveland has been speaking up for itself for months , and in a passionate and largely peaceful way .
On Saturday , for example , demonstrators marched through the streets after the acquittal of Cleveland Police Officer Michael Brelo . They were charged with manslaughter in the 2012 deaths of Malissa Williams and Timothy Russell , who were unarmed and led police on a chase that ended in a fury of bullets . Will Sharpton recognize that our local prosecutor charged a police officer in the case , or only complain that a judge found them not guilty ?
Cleveland 's clergy also have been demonstrating , most recently on Tuesday , drawing hundreds to the streets .
And the City of Cleveland and U.S. Justice Department signed an agreement this week that offers hope for bringing changes to the police department . Sharpton ca n't contribute to this unless they want to stick around and seek a spot on one of the civilian oversight positions created by the agreement .
Sharpton is the last person who can drive a serious discussion about the use of force and police reform . He 's a drive-by civil rights leader , who grabs the spotlight around high-profile cases and then disappears .
Sharpton 's National Action Network says that among those who have invited them to town are the Rev . Jawanza Colvin , pastor of Olivet Institutional Baptist Church , and Marcia McCoy , an activist who works closely with Greater Abyssinia Baptist Church and heads the local chapter of the Sharpton 's organization . Sharpton is scheduled to speak at Olivet on Friday at 7:30 p.m .
Around the country , families of unarmed people killed by police have welcomed him . They marched in December in Washington , D.C. , with several families , including the family of Cleveland 's 12-year-old Tamir Rice , who was killed by police last November . Sharpton 's National Action Network organized the march , which attracted thousands .
Sharpton insists he 's only coming because others asked them to lend their voice to the cause . Their press release says that they are coming to town `` at the request of national and local civil rights groups and community leaders working to address criminal injustices in Cleveland . ''
A Washington Post profile published in February shows that Sharpton has had their eye on Cleveland since the public release of the extended video of the shooting of Tamir . ( You can read that story here . ) Sharpton , according the article , acknowledges they chase publicity because they can use it to harness attention and force change .
Sharpton does n't face much competition these days . He 's the best known active civil rights leader . But I just do n't find them sincere . Their motivation and organization have been called into question too many times .
I also have a hard time forgetting one of Sharpton 's earlier visits to Cleveland , which convinced me some of their actions are hollow . In 2003 , while a Democratic presidential candidate , Sharpton protested a local bank 's hiring practices .
Sharpton arrived in a limousine and marched with about 40 people , most of whom were bused from Detroit . No local business or religious leaders joined the brief march . A Sharpton news release had said local leaders would participate . I do n't recall hearing much from them about the local issue again .
Sharpton will no doubt get more support Friday because there are so many leaders upset by police shootings .
But if Sharpton wants to prove their sincerity , they should let Cleveland speak for itself .
October 9 , 2017 Javier Eguiluz
In Symfony 3.4 we 've deprecated bundle inheritance and in Symfony 4.0 we no longer recommend to use bundles for your own code , but overriding templates from third-party bundles is still a common need . That 's why in Symfony 3.4 we 've improved the overriding of templates in preparation for Symfony 4 .
New overriding directory¶ In Symfony 2 and 3 applications , third-party bundle templates were overridden in the app/Resources/ < BundleName > /views/ directory . In Symfony 4 this directory would have been moved to src/ , which does n't look nice to store templates now that we have a template/ directory at the project root . Therefore , in Symfony 3.4 we 've created a new directory to override bundle templates : templates/bundles/ < BundleName > / . For example , if you want to customize error pages in a Symfony application : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 { # Symfony 3.3 # } { # app/Resources/TwigBundle/views/Exception/error404.html.twig # } Page Not Found ! { # Symfony 3.4 # } { # templates/bundles/TwigBundle/Exception/error404.html.twig # } Page Not Found !
Overriding and extending templates¶ Sometimes you want to override a third-party bundle template but reuse most of its contents , to avoid code duplication . Imagine that you want to override and extend the layout.html.twig template from FOSUserBundle : 1 2 3 { # templates/bundles/FOSUserBundle/layout.html.twig # } { % extends ' @ FOSUser/layout.html.twig ' % } { # ... this does n't work ... # } If you try this example , you 'll see `` reached nested level '' error because the simultaneous overriding and extending is similar to an infinite loop . In Symfony 3.4 we solved this problem creating a new and exclusive Twig namespace for each bundle . The new namespace is the same as before but adding ! before the bundle name . In this case , @ FOSUser refers to the normal Twig namespace which can include third-party templates and your own overridden templates and @ ! FOSUser refers exclusively to the templates defined by the third-party bundle ( no matter if they have been overridden , you always get the original templates ) . Using this new namespace , it 's trivial to solve the previous problem : 1 2 3 { # templates/bundles/FOSUserBundle/layout.html.twig # } { % extends ' @ ! FOSUser/layout.html.twig ' % } { # ... this works as expected ... # }
Just hours after the deadly shooting rampage at the Washington Navy Yard , gun control advocates tried to reignite the national debate over gun laws that had only just subsided .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein , California Democrat and a longtime gun control advocate , denounced “ the litany of massacres ” over the past few years and asked rhetorically , “ When will enough be enough ? ”
Mrs. Feinstein , who was first thrust into the national spotlight as president of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors announcing the shooting deaths of Mayor George Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk , said , “ Congress must stop shirking its responsibility and resume a thoughtful debate on gun violence in this country . We must do more to stop this endless loss of life . ”
President Obama was one of the first to link Monday 's incident to the larger issue of gun violence and the legislative effort to curb it , though they did so without explicitly calling , as they have done repeatedly , for gun control measures .
“ So we are confronting yet another mass shooting , and today it happened on a military installation in our nation 's capital , ” Mr. Obama said as they opened an economic speech at the White House .
“ Obviously , we 're going to be investigating thoroughly what happened , as we do so many of these shootings , sadly , that have happened , and do everything that we can to prevent them , ” the president said .
SEE ALSO : SHAPIRO : Norton 's ‘ safest city ' comment about D.C. not supported by facts
The National Rifle Association had no comment on Monday , and pro-gun groups generally take the stance that days of particularly shocking crimes are not the time to discuss policy . Popular conservative blogger and former CNN commentator Erick Erickson admonished the rush to politicize the shooting , saying “ seriously people , grow up . ”
“ I would not dare step in the way of America 's national pastime of bitching about the politics of everything on Twitter , but there has to be a better time for it than as the temperature of bodies on the ground in the Navy Yard are not even yet cold , ” they said . “ If you do n't have the judgment and good sense to understand that now is not the time to say it , you have no capacity to understand why . ”
But Mr. Obama 's words were echoed by Dr. Janis Orlowski , chief medical officer at MedStar Washington Hospital Center , where three of the shooting victims were being treated .
At the end of a televised medical briefing on the survivors ' conditions , Dr. Orlowski contrasted trauma from accidental shootings and what they called “ something evil in our society that we as Americans have to work to try and eradicate . ”
“ But there 's something wrong here when we have these multiple shootings . … There is something wrong , and the only thing that I can say is we have to work together to get rid of it . I would like you to put my trauma center out of business , ” they said , their voice weakening from emotion . “ We just can not have , you know , one more shooting with , you know , so many people killed . We 've got to figure this out . We 've got to be able to help each other . ”
At least 12 people were killed in Monday 's attack ; an investigation by local , federal and military authorities is ongoing . The FBI on Monday afternoon identified the gunman as Aaron Alexis , who reportedly worked at the Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base in Fort Worth , Texas .
The 34-year-old was killed inside the Navy Yard facility , but not before inflicting the kind of carnage that immediately evoked memories of other recent mass shootings such as those in Newtown , Conn. , and Aurora , Colo .
Mass shootings happen periodically , but the Newtown massacre , which claimed the lives of 20 elementary school children , seemed to be a last straw for Mr. Obama , some lawmakers and other high-profile gun control proponents such as New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg .
In the aftermath of the December tragedy , the president immediately called on lawmakers to take action to reduce gun violence . The effort met stiff resistance from the National Rifle Association and other groups . Many congressional Republicans and red-state Democrats also opposed tight gun restrictions .
In the end , Sens . Joe Manchin III , West Virginia Democrat , and Patrick J. Toomey , Pennsylvania Republican , emerged with a bill that would have greatly expanded background checks for all firearms purchases . In April , the bill was killed in the Senate by a 54-46 vote , six short of the 60 needed to proceed and stopping , for all practical purposes , any movement toward federal gun control legislation .
Making efforts even more daunting , two Democratic state senators were ousted from office in a recall election that centered on support for gun crackdowns in Colorado , including a ban on high-capacity magazines .
Still , the White House continues to prod Congress to tackle the issue .
When asked about the rash of mass shootings , White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters that “ this is why we should take action to reduce gun violence . ”
“ The president supports , as do an overwhelming majority of Americans , common-sense measures to reduce gun violence , ” they said .
With the body count rising , most lawmakers and other public officials on Monday avoided directly linking the Navy Yard shootings and the need for more gun control . Indeed , Senate Majority Whip Richard J. Durbin , Illinois Democrat , canceled a hearing on gun laws and the Trayvon Martin shooting that had been scheduled for Tuesday . The witness list featured Sybrina Fulton , the mother of Trayvon .
A spokesperson for Mr. Durbin , who also is chairperson of the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on the Constitution , civil rights and human rights , announced Monday afternoon that the planned 10 a.m. hearing on “ stand your ground ” laws had been delayed and not rescheduled .
Across Twitter , however , the debate gained new life .
A member of the Russian parliament tweeted that “ nobody 's even surprised anymore , ” a reference to America 's recent history of gun massacres .
Actor Henry Winkler tweeted , “ Another shooting in Wash DC . Please . America do nothing to promote gun control because that 's how we roll until we have all shot each other . ”
David Frum , a journalist and former speechwriter for President George W. Bush , tweeted a sarcastic series of “ rules ” for how gun control advocates should discuss the Navy Yard shootings .
“ Rule 1 : It is ‘ ghoulish ' to suggest in any way that the easy availability of guns might in any way enable gun slaughter , ” they said . “ Rule 4 : Any attempt to stop mass casualty shootings is ‘ political . ' Allowing them to continue is ‘ non-political . ' ”
Mr. Erickson 's post denouncing a gun control push ended “ Grow the hell up , people . You too David Frum . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Credit : Bloomberg/Getty Images A pair of rare black rhinos , one with its horns removed as an anti-poaching measure , graze in the bush in South Africa on Dec. 4 , 2015 .
It was only 150 years ago that more than 1 million black and white rhinos roamed the savannas of Africa . Since then , poaching has decimated populations across the continent .
By 1990 , there were just 6,000 white rhinos and 2,400 black rhinos left in the wild .
Conservation efforts and a global crackdown on wildlife crime saved the threatened animals from the brink of extinction . By 2008 , white rhino numbers in Africa had ballooned to almost 20,000 while the black rhino population nearly doubled .
It looked like a perfect comeback story , a narrative of hope and survival in the face of terrible odds , but then , the tale of the African rhino took a bleak turn .
According to a new report by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , the number of African rhino killed by poachers has increased for a sixth year in a row . At least 1,338 rhinos were killed illegally across Africa in 2015 -- the highest number in almost a decade . Since 2009 , almost 6,000 African rhinos have been poached .
Conservation efforts have resulted in a decline in rhino poaching in some parts of Africa , including Kenya and South Africa , the IUCN report said . But , “ these improvements have been dampened by alarming increases in poaching over the past year in other vitally important range states , such as Namibia and Zimbabwe , ” said Inger Andersen , IUCN 's director general .
In light of this disturbing trend , experts have warned that wild African rhinos may be extinct by 2026 .
“ If we continue with the current rate of losses , then I would estimate that within five to 10 years , all we will have is rhinos in very strictly controlled captivity scenarios and we will basically have lost the species in the wild , ” Craig Bruce , a rhino specialist at the Zoological Society of London told the BBC .
This has already become a reality for the northern white rhino -- a subspecies that may have numbered in the thousands in the early 1900s . Today , there are only 3 of left on the planet , all living in captivity .
Credit : Marco Longari/Getty Images A carcass of a poached and mutilated white rhino is seen lying on the banks of a river at South Africa 's Kruger National Park in 2014 .
Demand for rhino horn , one of the world 's most expensive commodities , has been cited as the number one threat to the survival of African rhinos . More valuable by weight than gold or diamonds , rhino horn sells for up to $ 60,000 per kilogram . It 's particularly sought after in Southeast Asia ( Vietnam , in particular ) and China where it 's valued as a luxury good and for its perceived “ medical benefits . ”
Credit : AP Rhino horns confiscated by customs officers in Thailand shown during a news conference in Bangkok in 2014 .
Like the similarly-destructive ivory trade , the supply of rhino horn involves “ sophisticated transnational organized crime networks , ” said the IUCN in a news release .
“ Such networks control much of the illegal trade in wildlife , destabilizing communities and countries and corrupting government officials and structures . There is worrying evidence of the increasing involvement of Chinese citizens along with nationals from Southeast Asian countries like Vietnam , Laos and Thailand , as well as North Korea , in the illicit trade in rhino horn , ” the organization added .
Saving the African rhino will require “ a multi-faceted approach that addresses poaching , trafficking and demand , ” Ginette Hemley , senior vice president of wildlife conservation at the World Wildlife Fund , said in a statement .
I have spent the last few months investigating on Bitcoins trying to understand the way they work and the related business opportunities . Beyond the fascination for a disruptive innovation in the payment industry , for macroeconomics theories that dump whatever you learned in business schools , for the anarchic dream of getting rid of centralised governance authorities in favour of self regulated systems , I have basically asked myself a simple question : why should my mum use them ?
Which means , what are the key benefits for consumers ? and for merchants ? To which extend are these benefits easy to get and solve mass market problems ?
While for merchants I have found a pretty compelling reason why , in the case of consumers I am still struggling to find a good one that would justify a mass market adoption . I will start from merchants to then share some food for thoughts on consumers .
A merchant accepting Bitcoins will mainly have three benefits :
1 ) Save on card payment fees : from 2-4 % to almost 0 % .
Why ? Bitcoins shorten the payment value chain reducing the large amount of stakeholders , each one taking a share of the fee for providing its specific service .
Bitcoins replace the above long list of stakeholders with a public blockchain ledger : a sort of log where all the transactions are registered . The only third party involved is the so-called Miner who actually validates the transaction . Many transactions are typically processed without paying any fee . However , for transactions which draw coins from many bitcoin addresses and therefore have a large data size , a small transaction fee is usually expected ( more on https : //en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Transaction_fees ) .
The impact on merchant 's P & L can be considerable . Imagine an average consumer electronics online retailer with 5 % profit margin . Credit card fees ( ≈ 2.5 % ) would half the margin . As a result , accepting Bitcoins would result in doubling the margin for those specific transactions .
The main risk is however the currency volatility . In order to offset that , companies accepting bitcoins ( e.g . Expedia ) convert them immediately in local currency .
Another direct consequence of 0 % payment fees is that micro-payments can now be profitable . Standard fee structures usually include a fix component on top of the variable part ( e.g . $ 0.30 per transaction ) which usually kills the profitability for items sold for less than $ 1.00 . None of this would happen with Bitcoins .
2 ) By accepting Bitcoins , merchants have access to a 4.8 billion euros economy ( today 's Bitcoin market capitalisation ) and can become the preferred option just for opportunity of paying with them . Therefore they can be a differentiating factor .
For instance , I have to book a hotel and I have Bitcoins in my wallet . When deciding where to buy I might choose one website as opposed to another , only because there I can pay with my Bitcoins .
3 ) Bitcoins eliminate risk of credit card fraud : they are like `` digital cash '' or , better said , a digital bearer instrument where the receiver of a payment does not get any information from the sender that can be used to steal money from the sender in the future .
Credit card fraud is a big thing for both banks and merchants . Many regular transactions are often denied for fraud risk just because they do n't meet certain rules of an algorithm . Bitcoins could therefore increase also checkout conversion rates .
From the consumer 's perspective , the main benefits are :
1 ) No bank account is needed : people without a conventional bank account ( there are entire countries ) , pay huge fees for transferring money through alternative services . Bitcoins could therefore be a big disruption , for instance , in the international remittance market ( $ 400 billion value - World Bank ) and preserve the value of low-income people which now pay up to 10 % for sending money to their families .
2 ) Privacy : Bitcoins sit in between cash and credit cards when it comes to privacy . They are less anonymous than cash since they are linked to a unique public key but they are more private than credit cards since no details that can be reused later , such as the credit card number , is given .
This does not mean that Bitcoins are a tool for criminals . Indeed they are pseudonymous but not anonymous and the public blockchain ledger structure allow tracking where the money comes from .
And here comes my question : based on these two key benefits , why should my mum use them ? or in general an average customer should have any interest in it ?
At this stage , unless you are a geek , I do n't really see why you would use Bitcoins on daily basis and really challenge the status quo . While for merchants there is a clear massive incentive , on the consumers side the proposition is still pretty niche .
In order to boost the adoption on the consumer side , I believe that part of the merchant 's benefit ( savings on fees ) should be given back to customers . What I have in mind is a loyalty program that would use Bitcoins as a `` loyalty currency '' instead of points . Loyalty programs & cripto-currencies have a lot in common . They are both becoming non-conventional payment tools and the growing number of merchant accepting loyalty points or bitcoins is increasing their liquidity .
Loyalty programs are however pretty expensive . Companies need to invest on average 0.5-1.0 % of their revenues for a loyalty scheme and this goes on top of the credit card fee when the transaction does not happen in cash . Connecting the two worlds we could imagine the following :
1 ) A retailer accepts Bitcoins and saves on payment fees
2 ) Savings are used to finance a generous loyalty program ( 1.0-1.5 % of the revenues )
3 ) The retailer is still saving while investing in a loyalty scheme and retain its customers
4 ) Customers get 1.0-1.5 % back when they pay in Bitcoins and develop a loyal attitude towards the retail
5 ) The Bitcoins given back can be spent at any time in the thousands of stores ( online and offline ) accepting Bitcoins
So what about my mum now ? I think they are still struggling with Bitcoins but now they get a very straight forward message : `` if I use Bitcoins I save money and I can spend this savings in a thousand of stores . A bit like the points I used to collect with loyalty cards at the supermarket . But now , I get much more ! ''
Recently , during a radio show on which I appeared as a guest , a caller posed a question I frequently get asked : “ Do the administration of cross-gender hormones and genital surgery change a boy into a girl or a girl into a boy ? ”
The answer is simple : biologically , not at all .
Underneath all the cosmetic procedures , vocal training , and hair growth or hair removal lies a physical reality . Biologically , the person has not changed from a man into a woman or vice versa .
Sex is an indelible fact of a person 's biology . Specifically , it describes one 's biological makeup with respect to its organization for reproduction . As Lawrence S. Mayer and Paul R. McHugh explain in The New Atlantis :
In biology , an organism is male or female if it is structured to perform one of the respective roles in reproduction . This definition does not require any arbitrary measurable or quantifiable physical characteristics or behaviors ; it requires understanding the reproductive system and the reproduction process .
The authors go on to note that “ [ t ] here is no other widely accepted biological classification for the sexes. ” Sex pertains to the two different ways males and females are structured for reproduction , and these structures are permanently engrained in one 's biology . They can not be chosen at will .
A man can mutilate their body , but they can never transform it to be organized as a female—and vice versa for the woman .
This makes sense of the head-snapping ( and false ) headline many of us saw about a man having a baby . The “ man ” featured in the story is simply a biological woman who kept their childbearing anatomy intact .
My Sex Change Fiction
My “ sex change ” surgery from male to female was performed by Dr. Stanley Biber in Trinidad , Colorado .
Their unusual field of expertise drew clients from around the world and earned the small mountain town the nickname “ Sex Change Capital of the World. ” The surgeon estimated that they performed over 5,000 such surgeries during their career .
I lived legally and socially as a female for eight years , but I came to the realization that I wanted to go back to living as a man . To legally change my gender back to male , I needed to file a petition with the California Superior Court that verified I met certain criteria . ( The process has since changed . )
My surgeon wrote a letter to the court stating that I met the medical criteria for the courts to legally change my birth certificate back to male . The very surgeon who earlier said that hormones and surgery had changed me to female , now admitted that it did not .
In the letter , they testified that the surgery and cross-gender hormones had the effect of neutering my external appearance and genitalia , but my internal biological structure and my genetics were still male .
> > > Almost Everything the Media Tell You About Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Is Wrong
That 's the key to understand : Hormones and surgical changes can affect one 's external appearance , but no innate biological change of sex occurs .
This truth should seem obvious , but discontented trans women contact me who say they did n't know that they could never become a “ real ” woman . They are unhappy and opting to go back to the gender of their birth .
False Hope Could Lead to More Suicide
A 2004 U.K . Guardian article , “ Sex Changes Not Effective , ” points out : “ While no doubt great care is taken to ensure that appropriate patients undergo gender reassignment , there 's still a large number of people who have the surgery but remain traumatized—often to the point of committing suicide . ”
Too many post-surgical patients contact me to report they deeply regret the gender change surgery and that the false hope of surgical outcomes was a factor . For children , the focus on encouraging , assisting , and affirming them toward changing genders at earlier and earlier ages , with no research showing the outcomes , may lead to more suicides .
Others Advocate Less Surgery
A growing number of people like me , 50 years after the first surgery at Johns Hopkins University Gender Clinic in 1966 , are advocating the scaling back of the radical , irreversible , often unnecessary genital mutilation surgeries .
Rene Jax , in their 2016 book , “ DO N'T Get on The Plane ! ” says , “ Sex change surgery will ruin your life . ”
Jax and I have had similar experiences . Both of us were approved for hormones and surgery to resolve our gender dysphoria , and after following the medically prescribed full regimen of hormones and genitalia surgery , and living as women , both of us came away with the same conclusions :
Gender change surgery was a destructive body mutilation and a waste of time and money .
After the medically-certified gender change , life did n't improve .
Gender dysphoria , that feeling of unease with one 's gender , persisted , and was not relieved as promised .
Surgery as a Last Resort
Based on the emails I receive , I would urge the person who thinks that gender change is the answer in their situation to delay any surgical changes , or at the very least to restrict any physical changes to ones that are reversible .
This is especially important for younger people who may want to have children one day .
> > > I 'm a Pediatrician . How Transgender Ideology Has Infiltrated My Field and Produced Large-Scale Child Abuse .
Today in 10 states , only a verbal declaration and a doctor 's letter supporting the change are needed to legally change the gender on a birth certificate . Cross-gender hormones or surgery are not required . Only 10 states affirm that surgery and hormones do not change biology .
Studies show that two-thirds of people with gender dysphoria have co-existing disorders , such as depression and anxiety .
I 've become an outspoken critic of gender reassignment surgeries because many people are not being treated for other co-existing problems first . Instead , they are quickly prescribed cross-gender hormones and shuttled on a path toward surgery .
But as noted earlier , this surgery can not succeed in delivering what it promises . It will only mutilate the body , a far cry from the promised “ sex change . ”
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Cops were violating the rights of the residents of Ville Platte , Louisiana , as far back as anyone can remember . Arthur Sampson Jr. grew up in this rural community , roughly 80 miles west of Baton Rouge . Sampson , a calm 54-year-old African American man with a big laugh , recalls their own run-in with the police more than three decades ago , when they were a small-time drug dealer . “ I remember selling a guy two bags of weed from my cousin 's house , ” they say as they sit in their living room . “ Turns out the guy I sold it to was undercover . ”
Sampson was arrested for possession and sent to the Ville Platte city jail , where they stayed for six and a half days before being charged and brought before a judge . “ That 's how far back this stuff goes , ” they say with an incredulous laugh . Many residents of Ville Platte tell similar stories : Local police officers would arrest people without probable cause , often keeping them behind bars for days without charge in what were referred to as “ investigative holds. ” Many were not permitted to make phone calls or even shower , and throughout their stay in jail they were pressured to report on the alleged criminal activities of others .
Though they did commit a crime , Sampson claims that they were stuck in jail because the cops wanted them to snitch on other dealers . They refused . “ I 'm like , ‘ Man , y'all got me . I 'm gon na take my lick . ' ” Sampson took their lick , receiving probation , and then joined the Navy and earned a bachelor 's degree in criminal justice . Over the years , Sampson says they filed lawsuits against Ville Platte over alleged civil rights violations and racial discrimination . ( The town is largely African American . The mayor is black , as is the police chief . ) In 2011 , the City Council implemented a walking curfew that required pedestrians to remain off the streets after 10 p.m. or face a $ 200 fine or jail time . Sampson and the American Civil Liberties Union sued , arguing that the law created a “ monetary windfall ” for the city while violating residents ' right to move freely . The city backed down , but not before more than 100 people were issued citations or jailed . Today , anyone walking at night is required to wear reflective gear or face a $ 400 fee .
Police would detain people who they had a “ hunch ” were involved in crime . If they were n't “ ready to talk , ” they could be held for more than three days .
Sampson would watch news stories about federal investigations into police abuses in places like Chicago and Ferguson , Missouri , and wish the feds would come to clean up Ville Platte . Then , in 2015 , Justice Department officials called them to set up a community meeting at a local church . “ I was like , ‘ Oh my God , they finally came , ' ” they say .
During the Obama administration , the Justice Department began to aggressively enforce a 1994 law that grants it the power to probe local police departments accused of racial bias , excessive force , and other civil rights violations . Its investigations led to 15 reform agreements in large cities as well as smaller communities . Yet under Attorney General Jeff Sessions , these efforts to clean up troubled police forces are in peril . During their confirmation hearings , Sessions claimed DOJ investigations undermine police work—though they admitted he 'd never read the scathing reports from Chicago or Ferguson . After taking office , Sessions said their department would be “ reviewing ” consent decrees to ensure they aligned with the Trump administration 's priorities . They aggressively fought the implementation of a court-ordered consent decree in Baltimore . Even though they lost that battle , a consent decree for the Chicago Police Department still hangs in the balance . And then there 's Ville Platte .
In December 2016 , after nearly two years of visits , interviews , and research , the Justice Department released a brutal 17-page report detailing systematic violations of civil rights by Ville Platte 's police department and sheriff 's office . Investigators discovered that between 2012 and 2014 , there had been more than 900 arrests leading to investigative holds . ( Because the police 's documentation was so shoddy , the Justice Department considered those estimates to be low . ) When asked about the history of this practice , police officers stated they could not recall when it began . They explained they would often detain individuals who they had a “ hunch ” were involved in crime . If the detainees were n't “ ready to talk , ” the police would hold them , sometimes for more than three days .
Some residents were jailed for a week without the ability to call a lawyer . One woman is currently suing the city for unlawfully holding them for 70 days . The goal of these extended detentions , the report found , was to obtain incriminating statements from the detainees—a violation of the constitutional rights to due process and freedom from self-incrimination . ( Neither the Ville Platte Police Department nor the sheriff 's office responded to requests for comment . )
Typically , after the Justice Department wraps up an investigation like this , the city enters into an agreement that compels it to overhaul its police department . So far , there has been little movement toward any changes in Ville Platte , such as officially ending investigative holds . “ The question is : Is that because of the transition , or is it on purpose ? ” asks Christy Lopez , who was the deputy chief in the Special Litigation Section of the DOJ 's Civil Rights Division from 2010 until this January . The DOJ says it is still “ gathering information ” on what further steps may be necessary .
“ Their mentality has n't changed , ” Sampson says of the local police . He 's now looking for some of the hundreds of people who were illegally arrested and detained . “ If their rights were violated , does that mean they ended up wrongfully convicted ? ” they wonder . “ How can we go back to undo all this ? ” He 's frustrated that no one has been forced to take responsibility for all those years of documented abuses . “ Who 's going to jail ? Who is going to be charged ? Who is going to be accountable ? Or are we just going to… ? ” They rub their hands together , suggesting that the Justice Department may simply wash its hands of Ville Platte .
DESHAKALYAN CHOWDHURY via Getty Images
Editor 's note : This story has been modified in the light of Gopalkrishna Gandhi being chosen as Opposition 's vice-presidential candidate . At the peak of the farmers ' agitation in Bengal , then Governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi did not hesitate to take on the ruling Left government , that had an iron grip on the state for 30 years . They said the spiralling violence filled them with `` cold horror '' , a statement that predictably earned the ire of the Left government . It 's not unusual for a serving Governor to criticise the ruling government . But Gopalkrishna Gandhi 's unambiguous stand on Nandigram in 2007 — `` I can not be so casual to the oath I have taken as to restrict reaction to a pious expression of anguish and outrage '' — earned them the respect few governors get from a wide section of the political establishment . They are said to have regularly travelled to the countryside in Bengal incognito , and served quietly in rural Gujarat 's earthquake relief work . The grandson of Mahatma Gandhi , and a distinguished diplomat in their own right , Gopalkrishna Gandhi time and again spoke their mind about contentious issues , especially about transparency and ethics in politics . In 2014 they called the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) the `` government 's hatchet , rather than honesty 's ally '' . Gandhi is now the Opposition 's vice presidential candidate , say reports . NDTV reported that after a meeting of 17 parties , chaired by Congress President Sonia Gandhi , Gopalkrishna Gandhi was announced as the Opposition candidate . Gandhi was a popular Opposition choice as India 's next Presidential candidate . The Hindustan Times hadreported that if the government asked the Opposition leaders , the Congress and the Left were most likely to suggest Gandhi 's name . But in light of BJP choosing Ram Nath Kovind as their Presidential candidate , the Opposition also chose a Dalit face -- Meira Kumar , despite strong rumours that Gopalkrishna Gandhi would be chosen as the presidential candidate .
AFP/Getty Images
The 71-year-old Gandhi has had a long and illustrious career and has held several prestigious positions . They were a diplomat — the High Commissioner of India to South Africa and Lesotho and then to Sri Lanka and the the Ambassador of India to Norway and Iceland — before they became the governor of West Bengal . Reports had said that their name was suggested for the Presidential poll by the Left as a secular candidate . And given their family 's legacy — they are the grandson of Mahatma Gandhi on their paternal side , and India 's last Governor General C Rajagopalachari on their mother 's side — an acceptable option for the Congress too . Gandhi has meanwhile confirmed that they were approached by Opposition parties , even as the Left is lobbying for him . `` Yes , I have been spoken to . But the conversations have been of a very preliminary nature . It would not be right for me to say anything beyond that , '' Gandhi had told The Indian Express . It was reported that West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had also supported Gandhi as the presidential candidate . They had also backed Gandhi as the vice-presidential candidate in 2012 . But will Gandhi find support from the BJP whose chief whip called their grandfather ' a chatur baniya ' ? Away from the public eye , Gandhi is right now a professor at the Ashoka University . But they have n't been shy of writing columns on , or giving speeches about the current scenario in the country . In a 2015 interview to India Today they criticised incidents of mob lynchings in the name of gau raksha saying , '' I would like to assure that Akhlaq 's death will not go in vain , their death will remind us that violence can not achieve anything . ''
AFP/Getty Images
Stephen Harper took a swipe at Justin Trudeau 's foreign policy views Thursday , saying it 's `` very strange '' the Liberal leader would want to become `` best friends '' with Iran , a state that they said sponsors terrorism .
On Tuesday , the Liberal leader told CBC News Network 's Power & Politics that a Liberal government would move to end Canada 's bombing mission against ISIS in Iraq and Syria and normalize Canada 's diplomatic relationship with Iran , including reopening its mission in Tehran .
`` I 'm fairly certain that there are ways to re-engage '' with Iran , Trudeau told host Terry Milewski . On the ISIS mission , which their party opposed , Trudeau said that when Western troops get involved in combat `` it does n't lead to the outcomes that people would responsibly like to see . ''
Harper told reporters in Quebec City that Trudeau 's `` announcement '' about the ISIS mission and Iran was `` completely irresponsible . ''
`` I think it 's very strange . At a time in history — in fact they made the announcement on the national day of remembrance for victims of terrorism — to say that their priority is the restoration , or to become best friends with one of the state sponsors of terrorism in the world , the government of Iran , and that they want to cut the relationship we 've established with all of our allies ... and with a large international coalition to take the fight against the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , a group that ... has executed and is planning attacks against Canada and Canadians , '' the prime minister said .
`` I think on behalf of both Justin Trudeau and Thomas Mulcair , their positions on the military mission in Iraq and Syria , their mission against ISIS , is irresponsible electoral politics . And I think most Canadians understand that , '' Harper said .
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair has opposed the expansion of Canada 's mission against ISIS and said Harper 's government was plunging Canada into a prolonged war without a credible plan to help its victims . The NDP is also concerned about Canada getting involved in Syria 's civil war with its airstrikes now underway .
Harper went on to emphasize in French that Conservatives think it 's necessary to counter the actions of ISIS abroad to prevent attacks here in Canada .
The Conservative Party has already taken Trudeau 's comments from their CBC interview earlier this week and turned them into a negative ad on social media .
I float . But not like ordinary people float : I suppose I 'd rather have to say I 'm walking underwater . But then again it 's not exactly walking , because my feet do n't touch the bottom , so that 's why I said I float . But somehow I move through the water as if walking . Maybe I should invent a new verb… floaking ?
I see bubbles form around me… Is n't that strange ? Fish do n't make bubbles , do they ? And amphibians ? I do n't think I have gills , but I can not be sure . But it 's obvious I can breathe , or I would n't be here . Oh , perhaps my skin filters the oxygen in water and then I exhale the carbon dioxide , and that 's why I make bubbles .
Sharks attack bubbles . I 'm pretty sure of that . I read it somewhere .
No sharks here . This is not salt water… this looks like a river or lake . I can see the tall trees… But they are odd as well . I do n't recall ever having seen underwater forests like this before . Are n't algae supposed to be different ? Small water plants , drifting in the currents . Maybe the occasional tree trunk here and there , where the river has overflowed into the adjacent lands . But not large trees that grow out from within the riverbed . I can not recall any of that .
What , indeed , can I recall ? Why is it important ? Why should n't it be ?
I am alone . That is weird as well . This looks like a thriving environment , does n't it ? Should n't there be more… fish ? Anything but the trees ? And me ?
I do n't get it . I keep walking round and observing the underwater forest , the impenetrable mass of trees that thickens in the distance . I just have a trickle of light coming from above… and all I can do is have questions pop in my head .
The light from above . The light from above .
The light .
I walk up . Not swim , this is not swimming , remember ? I somehow wish me up and I just go up , up , past the purple tree trunks with green moss on their moist barks and the small limbs that branch out at their tops .
I get close to the surface , and I see .
There 's no one light . Not one sun .
I see two circles of light . A white one and an orangish one .
Two suns .
What is this ? Where am I ? Can I surface to see the suns ? Will I be able to breathe ? Or will I die ?
A dream . Must be a dream .
But I pinch myself , and I 'm still here . And I see and I hear and I feel and I breathe and I fear .
I pull myself up , and break the water surface .
And the world is ablaze with colours I 've never seen , and full of eerie sounds and smells and there are red clouds and how can the clouds be red and it 's because the orange sun is behind them and then it appears and yes there is another white sun over there how can that be what is that soaring down from the second sun it 's a bird oh no no no not a bird that beak is too huge and full of teeth…
* * *
I come back . I can hear a voice calling my name from afar , and I follow it , as I have been taught . It gets easier every time , but it hurts .
Drat , I 'm going to have a nice headache for a week .
As I open my eyes , the chief doctor engineer is already apologizing for this last neural interface breakdown . Damn them and their careless team .
~~~~
This is my accompanying entry for the Weekly Writing Exercise : September 19–25 , 2016 on the Writer 's Discussion Group in Google+ . I am responsible for creating the prompts for the Exercise , so I do n't take part , but I still like to write a story each week .
In short : this week I came up with at least four or five ideas , or seeds of ideas , of stories for this prompt . But I was n't satisfied with any of them . In the end I decided to take a different approach for once , so I just sat down on Saturday morning and started writing . And this piece more or less wrote itself .
The limited series follows the LGBT civil rights movement and was created and written by Oscar winner Dustin Lance Black .
ABC has set its star-studded cast for Dustin Lance Black 's LGBT-themed limited series When We Rise .
When We Rise chronicles the personal and political struggles , setbacks and triumphs of a diverse family of LGBT men and women who helped pioneer one of the last legs of the U.S. civil rights movement , from its turbulent infancy in the 20th century to the once-unfathomable successes of today .
Guy Pearce ( Memento , L.A . Confidential ) will star as LGBT activist Cleve Jones . Mary-Louise Parker ( Weeds , Angels in America ) is set as women 's rights leader Roma Guy and Rachel Griffiths ( Brothers and Sisters , Six Feet Under ) will portray their wife , social justice activist Diane .
Also joining the cast are Austin McKenzie ( Spring Awakening ) who will take on the younger version of Cleve Jones ; Emily Skeggs ( Fun Home ) as the younger Roma Guy , newcomer Jonathan Majors as the younger Ken Jones and Fiona Dourif ( The Master ) as the younger Diane . Still to be cast are African-American community organizer Ken Jones and transgender activist Cecelia Cheung .
The drama is written and created by Black , who won an Oscar for penning the screenplay for the Harvey Milk biopic Milk . The ABC Studios entry will be exec produced by Laurence Mark and Bruce Cohen , the latter of whom produced Milk . Gus Van Sant , who earned an Oscar nomination for directing Milk , will helm the two-hour series premiere of the seven-episode limited series and also serve as an exec producer on the mini , which was first announced in July 2013 .
`` It 's been the honor of my life to research and craft these stories of family , diversity and equality over the past three years , ” Black said . “ To have collaborators of this caliber sign on to help bring these stories to life is a tremendous vote of confidence , and I hope a testament to the relevancy and necessity of our continued march toward justice for all . ”
Cleve Jones joined the gay liberation movement in 1972 and was befriended by gay rights leader Harvey Milk . They founded the Names Project AIDS Memorial Quilt and led the National March for Equality in 2009 . Ken Jones , an African-American Vietnam vet , joined the movement only to discover and confront racism within the gay men 's community . They organized services for homeless youth as they faced the devastation of the AIDS epidemic . Roma Guy co-founded the San Francisco Women 's Building . Currently a criminal justice activist , they worked to bring healthcare access to everyone in San Francisco . Diane co-founded the Women 's Building and has worked as an HIV/AIDS nurse at San Francisco General Hospital and a social justice activist for 33 years .
Pearce is repped by CAA , Shanahan Management and Sloane Offer ; Parker is with WME ; and Griffiths is with WME , Signpost , Shanahan Management and Jackoway Tyerman . A premiere date for When We Rise has not yet been determined .
Getty
ANNE HATHAWAY and their husband , Adam Shulman , have welcomed their first child - a baby boy named Jonathan Rosebanks Shulman .
Anne Hathaway Style File type-gallery Anne Hathaway Style File + 81
+ 80
+ 79
Advertisement
The couple is said to have welcomed their new arrival on March 24 , according to E ! , who report that the Oscar-winning actor 's representative has confirmed the happy news . `` The baby is extremely healthy and is surrounded by friends and family in LA , '' a source told the publication . `` Anne and Adam are ecstatic to be parents . ''
Rex Features
Devil Wears Prada : The Musical Devil Wears Prada : The Musical
The star confirmed their pregnancy on their Instagram account in January , when they noticed that they were being photographed by paparazzi while on the beach . Posting a picture of them cradling their bump , they captioned the image : `` So , posting a bikini pic is a little out of character for me , but just now while I was at the beach I noticed I was being photographed . I figure if this kind of photo is going to be out in the world it should at least be an image that makes me happy ( and be one that was taken with my consent ) . And with a filter : ) ''
Advertisement
Hathaway made their last public appearance , before giving birth , at the Oscars in February where they wore an embellished black Naeem Khan gown . They have previously been vocal about their desire to have children , telling American Vogue in 2013 , `` The kind of mother I 'll be depended on the kind of children I have . I ca n't wait to meet them . ''
218 Shares 0
218
0
0
The sources said that Hafsah al-Basrawiyeh ( from Basra city ) has been arrested by Iraqi security forces in al-Ta'azizat region in Mosul .
The sources added that Hafsah had come to Mosul in 2007 and was responsible for recruiting young girls and children to marry ISIS members , accorfing to FNA .
The atrocities waged against women under ISIS rule has reached an unprecedented peak . A recent report by the Reuters disclosed the story of an ISIS member guilty of killing and raping several Yazidi women and girl in Iraqi Kurdistan . ISIS terrorist Amar Hussein said they raped more than 200 women from Iraqi minorities , and shows few regrets .
An Iraqi Defense Ministry statement said on Thursday that 15 ISIS terrorists were killed after Iraqi aircraft struck militant outposts near Mosul , Al Sumariya reported .
The attacks destroyed an ISIS command center as well as several tunnels , on which the terrorist group has relied for years to mount surprise attacks .
The Iraqi Joint Operations Command also said a number of militant commanders were killed when a vehicle in which they were traveling was hit in an airstrike on the Eastern outskirts of Mosul .
Among those killed was the self-proclaimed ISIS governor of Mosul , identified as Haqqi Esmaeil Owaid also known as Abu Ahmed . Another man identified as Abu Maha , in charge of ISIS intelligence affairs , was also killed in the airstrike .
Additionally , three civilians lost their lives and four others were injured on Wednesday evening when an ISIS drone fired a rocket at the Nabi Younis market East of Mosul .
Iraqi army forces , backed by pro-government forces launched a joint operation last October to regain control of Mosul from ISIS terrorists .
What can you do with meat , other than cook it somehow ? Well , apparently you can create pieces of them . Take a look and be amazed or annoyed at these meaty masterpieces . But any way… I am more convincing myself as a “ cooked meat lover ” .
MEAT CARDS : BUSINESS CARDS MADE FROM MEAT AND LASERS [ link ]
Start with 100 % beef jerky , and SEAR your contact information into it with a 150 WATT CO2 LASER . This is the most special business card I have ever seen . Not sure about the practical usage , it does look visually impressive .
Meat Coffee Cup [ link ]
Meat Car [ link ]
Russian sausage art [ link ]
I really like those three… enjoy the painting as well as eating them… hope I can get more artistic cell via this way ( lol )
Victoria Reynolds 's meat art [ link ]
These abstract paintings are created by Victoria Reynolds with raw meat ( beef , pork…. ) . Its look beautiful but I am not sure I would like to hang those things at my home .
Meat sculpture from surrealcoconut [ link ]
Barbie Meat-Priestess on the Cerebral Waterbed ( with meat sheets and a dolphin )
Cherry Tarantula with Meat Bulb
“ Double Meat Head , ” Tony Matelli [ link ]
Two meat head , one represents life and one represents death
Meat Shoes and Meat Toilet [ link ]
Looks like a bit disgusting to me
Meat home decor [ link ]
Ok , so these are actually made of paper mache , wax and other stuff but since they are crafted to look like they are made of meat , we thought they deserved to be on this esteemed list !
AFP is reporting that Meftah Bouzid , 50 , editor of the weekly newspaper Burniq , was shot dead in Benghazi . Bouzid was an outspoken critic of the Islamic extremists in control of the infamous city .
A journalist and analyst , Bouzid often went on television to criticise Islamic extremists , resulting in threats to their life according to a friend . Libyan authorities have struggled to stamp out lawlessness in a country awash with weapons from the 2011 revolution which toppled longtime dictator Moamer Kadhafi.Ex-rebels , especially Islamists , have been blamed for deadly attacks on dozens of members of the security forces , judges and foreigners in Benghazi , the city where the revolution was born . Bouzid and their paper came out openly in support of a military drive launched on May 16 by renegade general Khalifa Haftar to crush Islamists in Benghazi , in a so-called `` dignity '' campaign .
Reporters Without Borders ( RSF ) , condemned the killing , urging authorities `` to conduct an investigation as quickly as possible '' to identify those responsible for the murder . Last week , the international watchdog group had voiced `` deep concern about the fate of the country 's journalists , who are yet again the targets of violence . ''
The Times of London report that witnesses describe the murder as an execution-style slaying :
Witnesses said that a gunman repeatedly shot Muftah Buzeid at close range through their car window after their vehicle was blocked by another car . A fellow journalist in Benghazi described Mr Buzeid as “ a brave man who loved Libya and carried on their work despite receiving threats and being advised to leave the country . ”
The message is clear : Oppose Jihad and pay with your life . This is the Libya that has been created by the hands-off , lead from behind policies of President Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
I think it goes without saying that life for women in a Santorum presidency would be horrible . Talk about taking civilization back to the Middle Ages .
Santorum 's inflexibility on abortion is well-known . When you believe that a multi-cell zygote should be a Constitutionally-protected person , then there is no circumstance -- not rape , not incest , not the life of the mother -- that would prohibit that little future person from being born .
However , Santorum 's own personal circumstances show that life does n't work in nice , neat little ways and that sometimes , tough choices have to be made .
After examining Karen [ Santorum , in their 19th week of pregnancy ] , who was nearly incoherent with a 105-degree fever , a doctor at Magee led Santorum into the hallway outside their room and said that they had an intrauterine infection and some type of medical intervention was necessary . Unless the source of the infection , the fetus , was removed from Karen 's body , they would likely die . At minimum , the doctor said , Karen had to be given antibiotics intravenously or they might go into septic shock and die . The Santorums were at a crossroads . Once they agreed to use antibiotics , they believed they were committing to delivery of the fetus , which they knew would most likely not survive outside the womb . “ The doctors said they were talking about a matter of hours or a day or two before risking sepsis and both of them might die , ” Santorum said . “ Obviously , if it was a choice of whether both Karen and the child are going to die or just the child is going to die , I mean it 's a pretty easy call . ”
Now there 's nothing at all pleasant about having to make that painful choice , nor do I want to sound like I 'm gloating over the hypocrisy . I had an ectopic pregnancy and had to make the same choice : either both of us would die or I would have to terminate the pregnancy .
But the important point here is that the Santorums had that choice , and made the one that made sense to them , just as I had . Their doctors treated the actual viable human being in the equation without concern of being prosecuted for doing their job .
I look at my children now and I recognize that life is precious and each child is a little miracle unto themselves . Thankfully , my children were born into circumstances where they were not only wanted , but were given great advantages of being the children of educated , committed parents with sufficient income and facilities to care for them . And even with those advantages , even being born without disabilities or developmental delays , into a loving partnership , raising a child is exhausting , nerve-wracking and difficult work . How dare Rick Santorum tell someone who does not feel that they can handle that kind of lifelong commitment that they have no choice ? How dare they say that doctors can not operate in the best interest of their actual flesh and blood patient ?
Yes , to Santorum , life is precious and sacrosanct . That is , until you get out of the womb . Then you 're on your own .
Transcripts below the fold
MR. GREGORY : One more question on abortion , an issue you care deeply about . I , I want to be clear on this . Do you believe that there should be any legal exceptions for rape or incest when it comes to abortion ?
Advertise | AdChoices
SEN. SANTORUM : I believe that life begins at conception , and that that life should be cut -- should be guaranteed under the Constitution . That is a person , in my opinion .
MR. GREGORY : So even in a case of rape or incest , that would be taking a life ?
SEN. SANTORUM : That would be taking a life , and , and I believe that , that any doctor who performs an abortion -- that -- I would advocate that any doctor that performs an abortion should be criminally charged for doing so . I do n't -- I 've never supported criminalization of abortion for mothers , but I do for people who perform them . I believe that life is sacred . It 's one of those things in the Declaration of Independence . We are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights , and the first is life . And I believe that that life should be protected at the moment it is a human life . And at conception it is biologically human , and it 's alive . It 's a human life , it should be a person under the Constitution .
Sen. Rand Paul , R-Ky. , a critic of the NSA who is bringing a class action lawsuit against its surveillance programs , said on `` This Week '' that they do not believe NSA leaker Edward Snowden should be given clemency , but that they should be offered a `` fair trial with a reasonable sentence '' to allow them to return to the U.S. to face charges .
`` I do n't think Edward Snowden deserves the death penalty or life in prison , I think that 's inappropriate , and I think that 's why they fled , because that 's what they faced , '' Paul told George Stephanopoulos on `` This Week '' Sunday . `` Do I think that it 's okay to leak secrets and give up national secrets and things that could endanger lives ? I do n't think that 's okay either , but I think the courts are now saying that what they revealed was something the government was doing was illegal . ''
Paul compared Snowden 's law-breaking to the controversial testimony of Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , who previously testified before Congress that the NSA did not collect data from American citizens intentionally .
`` I do n't think we can selectively apply the law . So James Clapper did break the law and there is a prison sentence for that . So did Edward Snowden , '' Paul said .
`` So I think personally they probably would come home for some penalty of a few years in prison which would be probably not unlike what James Clapper probably deserves for lying to Congress , and that maybe if they served in a prison cell together , we 'd become further enlightened as a country over what we should and should n't do , '' Paul added .
The New York Times and The Guardian both published editorials this week calling for clemency for Snowden , with The New York Times writing , `` Considering the enormous value of the information they have revealed , and the abuses they have exposed , Mr. Snowden deserves better than a life of permanent exile , fear and flight . They may have committed a crime to do so , but they have done their country a great service . ''
`` I think the only way he 's coming home is if someone would offer them a fair trial with a reasonable sentence , but I do n't think the death penalty , '' Paul said of Snowden . `` I mean , we 've had people all over the news , some of the same people who are defending James Clapper lying to Congress are saying 'off with their head ' or they should be hung from the nearest tree . I do n't think that 's appropriate and I think really in the end , history is going to judge that they revealed great abuses of our government and great abuses of our intelligence community… ''
Appearing on `` This Week '' after Paul , Sen. Charles Schumer , D-N.Y. , disagreed with Paul , saying Snowden should not be shown any leniency .
`` What Snowden ought to do is come back and stand trial and face the consequences . And he 'll have their ample opportunity to say why they did what they did and all of that , '' Schumer said . `` I disagree with Rand Paul that we should plea bargain with them prior to them coming back . If he 's truly in the tradition of civil disobedience , they come back and faces the trial and the consequences that the government says they should . ''
Paul said on `` This Week '' they plan to move forward with filing a class-action lawsuit contesting the NSA 's phone metadata collection program as a violation of the Fourth Amendment .
`` One single warrant should not apply to everyone who has a cell phone in America , '' Paul said . `` One of the things that Snowden released was a single court order to the company Verizon that all of their customers records would be looked at . That to my mind smacks of a generalized warrant . That 's what we fought the revolutionary war over… So , I think the idea of a class-action lawsuit with hundreds of thousands of participants really beats home and brings to the forefront the idea that this is a generalized warrant and it should be considered unconstitutional . ''
Like `` This Week '' on Facebook . You can also follow the show on Twitter .
PM - Thursday , 4 September , 2008 18:40:00 Reporter : Annie Guest MARK COLVIN : In Britain the garments known as hoodies have been at the centre of a furious national law and order debate for the last three years .
Now British-style bans on young people wearing tops with the hoods up have come to Australia .
A shopping centre in the northern New South Wales town of Tweed Heads has been trying out a ban ; it says it 's because of concerns about gang violence .
But youth advocates say it 's discriminatory , and they claim that it can actually lead to an increase in problems .
Annie Guest prepared this report .
( rap music )
MICHAEL KENNY : If I liken a gang to a family , these surrogate families are increasing in numbers .
WARREN POLGLASE : There has been considerable concern about young people and disturbances within Tweed city and surrounding areas .
( RAP MUSIC )
ANNIE GUEST : These comments by the local police superintendent Michael Kenny and Chamber of Commerce vice president Warren Polglase go some way to explaining the background to this story .
There 's somewhat of a dress code for the youth they identify as troublesome and it includes hoodies . A hoodie is a shirt with a hood that can go over the head and partially obscure the face .
Prompted by what it describes as concern in the southern Gold Coast community and the media , the Tweed City Shopping Centre recently ran a trial imposing its own dress code on would be gangs .
Its spokesperson is Michael Tree .
MICHAEL TREE : In consultation with the police and our security the centre management decided to trial a no hats or hoods , largely because our security cameras find themselves being blocked by hats and hoods if we 're trying to identify anyone after an incident .
ANNIE GUEST : What sort of incidents is you referring to ?
MICHAEL TREE : Shoplifting , anti-social behaviour .
ANNIE GUEST : Could you give us an example of that anti-social behaviour ?
MICHAEL TREE : I think that poor language and I think that throwing food or shoplifting or intimidating staff members , this kind of things at any point are deemed unacceptable in a shopping centre .
ANNIE GUEST : Hoodie bans are not new . They 've already been imposed in some shopping centres in the United States , New Zealand and the United Kingdom , where a university has also restricted the wearing of hoodies and hats .
There are reports that one UK ban actually led to an increase in business at a shopping centre .
But a youth advocacy group has launched a strident attack on the shopping centre at Tweed Heads for imposing the ban , even if it was part of a trial .
SIYAVASH DOOSTKHAH : We 're very unhappy with it because it 's clearly a discriminatory act .
ANNIE GUEST : The Youth Affairs Network 's Siyavash Doostkhah says hoodies represent a fashion , not violence .
SIYAVASH DOOSTKHAH : And the hood is just a part of young people 's fashion and subculture and has nothing to do to put fear in young people , fear into community members . And shopping centres should act more responsibly to allow young people to be at the shopping centre as consumers and to be there with clothing that they feel comfortable .
ANNIE GUEST : How is it any more discriminatory than other dress codes imposed by shopping centres such as wearing shoes ?
SIYAVASH DOOSTKHAH : Wearing shoes is to do with safety . Now , where there has been any attempt to limit , curtail young people 's access to public space there 's been problems .
ANNIE GUEST : Do you mean that it in fact leads to further problems because it isolates young people ?
SIYAVASH DOOSTKHAH : Absolutely .
ANNIE GUEST : Tweed City Shopping Centre 's Michael Tree rejects the criticism .
MICHAEL TREE : Certainly our view , our intent is never to discriminate against anyone and internally that is one of the issues that will be included in our review .
ANNIE GUEST : And in your review have you found that it has had an effect of reducing anti-social behaviour ?
MICHAEL TREE : To be honest we 're still looking at it . Our initial thoughts are that it probably has n't made a great deal of difference .
ANNIE GUEST : The centre is yet to decide on the future of the hoodie .
MARK COLVIN : Annie Guest .
As we embark on month two of Donald Trump 's presidency , it 's hard to imagine a group of federal employees facing more uncertainty than the staff of the Environmental Protection Agency . Industry ally and new EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt can be viewed only as an agent of profound change , and he 's already faced intense opposition from Senate Democrats and from the staff they inherit .
A career EPA employee contacted me through a secure chat program and began to express profound concern over the threat now posed to their life 's work .
In recent days , both Bloomberg and the Washington Post have reported that the first moves Trump and Pruitt will make in their overhaul of US environmental policy will be to roll back parts of Barack Obama 's climate legacy and the “ Waters of the US ” rule—a thorn in the side of farmers and ranchers . This comes as no surprise—both of these policies were identified at the top of the administration 's “ America First Energy Plan ” agenda the moment the White House website switched over on inauguration day .
After their hostile nomination process , Pruitt made an appeal to civility Tuesday in their first address to EPA staff . “ We as an agency and we as a nation can be both pro-energy and jobs and pro-environment , ” they said . “ We do n't have to choose between the two. ” That message may ring a bit hollow to the agency 's staff , however—coming from a person who has dedicated their career to dismantling environmental safeguards . We appear to be entering an era in which environmental protection will officially be seen as an impediment to the will of industry . For EPA staffers who have devoted their lives and careers to preserving the planet , this is a heartbreaking development .
Shortly after the inauguration , a career EPA employee contacted me through a secure chat program and began to express profound concern over the threat now posed to their life 's work . What follows is a heartfelt essay that this official—who requested anonymity out of fear of retribution by the administration—wrote shortly after Pruitt 's confirmation last week :
I am a proud employee of the EPA . My colleagues and I are passionate about protecting the health of the American people—and the natural environment we share—from harmful pollution , chemicals , and pesticides . Many of us fear that the American people believe politicians when they say our agency is full of “ lazy bureaucrats. ” The reality is we all got into this work because we believe that it is our duty to protect people and the planet we live on for future generations . EPA is a public health agency , and we come to work every day focused on how we can better serve the American people and enable everyone , regardless of income , race , or any other factor , to enjoy equal protection and access to a healthy environment so everyone can prosper and enjoy the opportunities this country has to offer .
We are not against industry or economic prosperity ; we want to work toward a society that cherishes people , the planet , and the economy—all at the same time .
“ What type of nation are we when we allow our leaders to sign into law a rule that makes it EASIER for mining companies to pollute local waterways ? ”
When the EPA was established in 1970 , by a Republican administration , the idea of a healthy environment was not a partisan issue . But since then , we have moved into an era where politicians and corporations started working to convince the American public that protecting their water , land , and air from harmful pollution was not in the people 's best interests and that our economy ca n't be prosperous if our environment and public health is protected at the same time ; this is a lie . What is true is that polluters do n't want to be held accountable for their actions . But when will our leaders see that people matter as well ? The attitude that powerful polluters should be able to operate unchecked , no matter how many people are hurt , is the same all over the world .
What type of nation are we when we allow our leaders to sign into law a rule that makes it EASIER for mining companies to pollute local waterways ? These same politicians will try to convince their voters that making it easier to pollute local streams is somehow good for them . Communities in West Virginia , Indiana , and Alabama with sky-high rates of cancer due to industry pollution should n't be presented with the false choice of accepting even more poison in their local environment or having a job . No one should be told that they have to put up with cancer-causing poison in their water , air , and land . It 's shameful , and it 's wrong .
We at EPA believe that everyone should be able to breathe clean air , drink clean water , have healthy food , AND ALSO have a growing economy . Those that want to weaken EPA will say , “ Well , the states can do it themselves. ” EPA has always worked closely with states and respects jurisdictional power , but rivers and air do n't stop at state borders , and every American—no matter where they live—deserves to have a basic standard of protection .
You have to ask yourself : Who benefits when the EPA is weakened ? Who benefits when our staff is laid off , cast aside , and when the agency is prevented from pursuing its mission of protecting public health and the environment ? Who benefits when the agency ca n't consistently enforce environmental laws that are meant to protect the public ? The beneficiaries are not the people . Environmental protection is not a partisan issue . Science is not partisan . We all share this earth and its resources on which we all depend to survive . The amount of money you have should not determine if you get to live a healthy life , free from pollution . The politicization of this issue is manipulation by those who are already powerful . We , EPA professionals , have dedicated our lives to this work because we care about people more than we care about money or even being recognized for what we do .
“ You have to ask yourself : Who benefits when the EPA is weakened ? ”
2015 was the deadliest year on record for people working to defend and protect the environment . Let that sink in . One hundred and eighty-five human beings were killed around the world ( more than three for every week of 2015 ) because they dedicated their lives to protecting human health from pollution and preserving the beautiful planet we all cherish . The same year , the Environmental Protection Agency welcomed Berta Cáceres , along with the other winners of the Goldman Environmental Prize , to honor them for being global leaders in defense of human rights and environmental protection . Less than one year later , Ms. Caceres would be murdered in their home in Honduras because they were brave enough to challenge mining and dam-building corporations . They defended human rights and the environment , and their life was taken because of it .
Here in the US , those of us who work to protect the environment and human health from corporate pollution are lucky enough that we do not live under the specter of murder . We are , however , acutely aware that the forces behind these heinous crimes against environmental activists abroad are the same forces that are working against us in the US today . And make no mistake : These forces are poised to grow even stronger .
If it is discovered in the next few weeks that the EPA Administrator does in fact have even closer ties to polluting corporate interests than we feared , what will the public do ? Will the capture of EPA by corporate interests be swept up in all the other horrifying news of the day or week ? Or will the public finally decide that it is not acceptable to allow EPA , the only agency with a mission dedicated to protecting the environment , to be systematically dismantled , allowing those at the top to further concentrate wealth and power among themselves ? Despite the long odds we face , we will never stop working to protect every person 's right to have a healthy place to live , work , and play . And if the new administrator casts me out of the job I love , I will not stop working toward the principles that have always animated my life . This is who I am , and that will never change . I stand in solidarity with brothers and sisters that work to protect human rights , human health , and the environment here in the US and all over the world . The struggle continues .
SAN JOSE — The investigation into the deaths of two women who were found inside a North San Jose motel room Sunday has been turned over to the Santa Clara County Coroner 's Office , according to police .
Monday , the coroner 's office was still working to notify the victim 's families . No cause of death has been determined , but San Jose police said there were no immediate signs of foul play .
The bodies were discovered by motel staff about 3:50 p.m. Sunday at the EZ-8 Motel on North First Street near Gish Road , San Jose police Sgt . John Carr said .
It was not clear how long the women had been there , but the odor and level of decomposition suggested several days , Carr said .
There was no indication the women were reported missing before they were found , Carr said .
The business functions both as a short-term and residential motel . Sources familiar with the case said someone checked the women in on Monday and that they were discovered only after motel staff noticed their “ Do not disturb ” door sign had been up for at least four consecutive days , spurring a welfare check .
That led to a staffer entering the room and immediately finding the women lying on a bed .
The news shocked other motel residents , who described themselves as a tight-knit community . The women were not familiar to residents at the scene .
“ I do n't want to assume who 's there . But there 's a lot of good people here , ” said Richard Dillard , who has lived at the motel for more than three years .
Contact Mark Gomez at 408-920-5869 . Follow them at Twitter.com/markmgomez . Contact Robert Salonga at 408-920-5002 . Follow them at Twitter.com/robertsalonga .
Leicester City sits atop the Premier League by five points with 13 games left in a 38-game season as it heads into a pivotal match on Sunday against perennial power Arsenal . If the previous sentence does n't mean anything to you , imagine if the Philadelphia 76ers were the top team in today 's NBA standings or the Cleveland Browns had the NFL 's best record heading into Week 12 .
Even those comparisons might not do justice to the performance Leicester City has produced in 2015-16 . Not only did the Foxes have a 13-game winless run last season , they were only six points from being relegated to a lower level of competition . Leicester City was n't even in the Premier League two years ago . The club earned promotion to England 's top soccer league starting in the 2014-15 season for the first time in 10 years .
William Hill , an England-based bookmaker , had the Foxes as 5,000-1 long shots to win the Premier League before this season . If they hold on to claim the title , it would be the biggest upset in sports history , according to William Hill press officer Joe Crilly . ( The Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook had given Leicester City 2,500-1 odds to win the Premier League . The 76ers , by comparison , had 200-1 odds to win this season 's NBA title coming off an 18-64 season . )
There is no previous example of an underdog the likes of Leicester City beating odds as long as 5,000-1 . There have been a few 100-1 or longer shots that either shockingly came through or fell tantalizingly short . Here 's a look at 10 of those teams ( unless noted , odds are from before the season or tournament ) :
IRVINE , CA—In a new handbook distributed Friday to employees at all 6,500 of its locations worldwide , fast food chain Taco Bell has issued an updated set of safety protocols that warns workers against directly exposing their skin to any of its food products .
The company 's revised food-handling directives , which apply to every item on the restaurant 's Tex-Mex–inspired menu , require employees to notify their shift manager immediately if Taco Bell ingredients make even brief surface contact with any part of their body , with the exception of instances when items come in contact with the eyes , in which case all workers are instructed to use the nearest emergency eye wash fountain “ without delay . ”
Advertisement
“ We want our team members to protect themselves from the dangerous complications that result when the skin of one 's hands or face is directly exposed to either a regular menu item or a featured promotional specialty during the food preparation process , ” read an excerpt from the 436-page manual , noting that an employee 's first line of defense is to wear chemically impermeable butyl gloves when dispensing the restaurant 's meats , salsa , or three-cheese blends . “ The easiest way to ensure safety on the job is to wear an approved Taco Bell long-sleeve work coat and disposable latex shoe covers at all times while in the restaurant 's kitchen , and above all , be mindful when preparing a menu item so that no food or condiment ever touches exposed flesh . ”
“ However , in the event of epidermal contact with any of our meat fillings , you must immerse the affected area under running water at once and then apply the neutralizing chemical agent found in the wall-mounted dispensers located every five feet above the food preparation counters , ” the manual continues .
The new instructional materials detail numerous preventative measures employees should follow to avoid compromising their health , such as limiting their kitchen shifts to three hours in order to prevent prolonged exposure to dollar-menu items or a maximum of 25 minutes if the kitchen 's fume hoods are not functioning . In addition , the handbook urges workers to take their breaks outdoors in fresh air at least 100 feet away from any Doritos Locos Taco .
Advertisement
The guidelines further direct kitchen workers to seal any broken taco shells in specially marked plastic bags and discard the bags in one of the red puncture-resistant waste disposal containers located throughout the kitchen . Employees are also instructed to wear their company-issued safety goggles before entering the burrito assembly area , know the location of the restaurant 's emergency potassium iodide tablets , and submit themselves to periodic testing with a qualified toxicologist .
It is also recommended that any clothing soiled with Zesty Pepper Jack Sauce be disposed of as soon as possible in the industrial furnaces provided at each franchise location for this purpose .
“ Under no circumstances should employees remove their lead aprons when in the vicinity of any of our nacho-based menu options , ” the manual states . “ Furthermore , Taco Bell crew members—especially those who are pregnant or might become pregnant—must always wear aluminized protective coveralls and a military-grade respirator mask in the presence of our refried beans . ”
Advertisement
“ It is absolutely imperative that the Cheesy Gordita Crunch be assembled behind a pane of protective glass until the moment it is served to customers , ” the manual adds . “ There can be NO EXCEPTIONS to this rule . ”
The instructional booklet goes on to state that if a worker accidentally touches any one of the seven layers in a seven-layer burrito , they or they must quickly take a disinfecting chemical shower , “ even if contact occurs during the lunch rush . ”
A foreword to the manual written by company CEO Greg Creed assures Taco Bell workers that , as long as they follow the officially delineated standard protocol for food preparation and all internationally accepted guidelines from the National Association of Corrosion Control Engineers , they need not worry about contamination on the job . Creed admitted , however , that accidents have occurred at chain locations from time to time .
Advertisement
“ Each Taco Bell location is equipped with sophisticated sensors able to identify and seal off any zone in which airborne concentrations of Border Sauce reach unsafe levels above 12 parts per million , ” said Creed , explaining that the system would also react to any guacamole or sour cream spills . “ Should the alarm be triggered , decontamination locks will isolate the clean chamber along with all those inside until an appointed Yum ! Brands hazmat team arrives from corporate headquarters and is able to ascertain if the scene is salvageable . ”
“ Of course , our company strives to avoid these sorts of quarantine scenarios whenever possible , ” Creed added .
Pressed for comment , Taco Bell representatives noted that during the month of June , customers could upgrade any of their purchases with a delicious , thirst-quenching Mountain Dew Typhoon Freeze for only $ 1.99 .
Pornography , with a dark and cold grip , continues to drain society of its purity and social norms .
That 's the opinion of Bishop Paul Loverde , who is of the Catholic Diocese of Arlington , Va. , and a writer for First Things . Gone are the days of low rates for abortion , divorce and incarceration , as society has shifted towards being a sexualized culture that feeds off pornography addiction in a myriad of ways , they said .
“ Those who deny that the act of viewing pornography has any negative consequences must understand just how toxic the situation has become , ” Loverde wrote . “ It may be that a man now in their 40s , say , remembers being a curious adolescent , stealing glances at a magazine in a neighbor 's home or in the aisle of a convenience store . As morally problematic and harmful as that act surely is , such behavior was arguably slow to become habitual and the physiological and psychological consequences were infrequently severe . That experience is far removed from what young people face today . ”
Loverde said young people — who have begun to embrace a “ hookup culture ” — can find pornography at the click of button . Images flood their minds and puts them “ at tremendous risk for failing ever to understand the beauty of God 's gift of human sexuality , ” Loverde wrote .
But there is hope , according to the First Things article .
“ Pornography thrives in the shadowy silence of isolation , but the warm light of love and friendship can do much to help cast it out , ” wrote Loverde . “ Women certainly have a critical role in this fight and should take a stance of absolute intolerance toward pornography , but in a particular way men need to be recalled to their God-given role as protectors of their families and of society if we are to overcome it . ”
Similarly , The Atlantic reported in early March that an overwhelming majority of American people view pornography as morally wrong . Data from the Public Religion Research Institute found that less than one-third of Americans think pornography is “ morally acceptable , ” with 23 percent of women and 35 percent of men giving the OK to pornography , The Atlantic reported .
“ Most people favor legal restrictions on porn , and an even greater number are morally uncomfortable with watching it , ” The Atlantic said . “ Americans may understand the right to make and watch porn , but they still do n't think it 's a good thing . ”
Twitter : @ herbscribner
A number of Sanlitun area bars and restaurants have been told to close this weekend , at least in Taikoo Li South and south Sanlitun 's Courtyard Four , the area just to the south of Gongti Beilu , multiple business owners confirmed to the Beijinger .
Restaurants in Taikoo Li South were instructed to temporarily cease operations from 3pm Saturday , August 22 , until 2pm Sunday , August 23 , multiple restaurant representatives in that complex told the Beijinger , speaking on condition of anonymity .
“ In line with the work of commemorating the 70th anniversary of the Chinese People 's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression , and in accordance with arrangements and notices from related Beijing Municipal Governmnt departments , on August 22 and August 23 , Sanlitun Taikoo Li South will come under martial law measures .
`` According to the requirements of related Beijing Municipal Government departments , during that period , all stores must temporarily cease operations . The time period is : August 22 , 2015 3pm to August 23 , 2015 2pm , '' according to a letter from Swire Properties to tenants obtained by the Beijinger .
At least two Courtyard Four business owners have also confirmed they will close August 22-23 , with one operator saying that establishment would close for the full weekend . Courtyard 4 is located diagonally across the street from Taikoo Li and contains businesses such as The Bookworm and The Rug .
More closures in the area are likely ; venues located in 1949 : The Hidden City have reported closing for Saturday .
Best advice : if you plan on going anywhere on Saturday , call ahead .
Beijing municipal officials had previously announced that Tiananmen Square and the Wangfujing area will be closed to the public due to a rehearsal for the September 3 military parade . However , what this has to do with the purchase of Apple products and Nike shoes in Sanlitun , we 're not entirely sure . Stay with the Beijinger for updates .
Margaux Schreurs contributed to this report .
More stories by this author here .
Email : stevenschwankert @ thebeijinger.com
Twitter : @ greatwriteshark
Weibo : ​ @ SinoScuba潜水
Photo : tklyishujiang.com
I bought this just be for Thanksgiving when they were having they pre-Black Friday sale . I had been keeping my eye on this TV for the last 6 months when it was initially selling for over $ 2500 . When I saw it on sale for $ 1500 it was a no-brainer for me . I have been watching a Samsung 52 '' 1080p 60hz TV for the last 6-7 years . When I purchased it back then , i paid about $ 1400 on sale from $ 1800 . Everyone would comment on the great picture . About 6 months ago , a small green vertical line showed up right smack in the middle of the TV . It was maybe an 1/8 '' wide , but big enough to drive me nuts . So it was time for a new TV . I am a big 3D lover , but I hated having to wear those cheap cardboard glasses at the movie theater . I also thought I would enjoy having the Smart features , although until I got this new TV , I did n't realize how great a feature it is . Especially with Amazon Prime and the free movies and shows . Really cool . With regard to the 3D on my new Samsung - unfreakingbelievable ! This is what we thought 3D TV would be like when we were kids and they used to talk about it as the future in television viewing . I just did n't realize it would take 40 years to see it . I purchased the Samsung Blue Ray 3D player and plugged in 3D Avatar . I still ca n't get over how great the picture is . I 'm certainly no pro , but to me this is what 3D should look like . I purchased a few other 3D movies from Amazon but besides Avatar have only seen one other about the Great Barrier Reef . As close to diving there as you will ever get from your living room couch . You can convert regular TV programs and movies from 2D to 3D with the switch of a button . It 's pretty cool , but not Avatar cool . Once you see Avatar in 3D , it 's hard to compare anything less . The TV came with 2 sets of the $ 19 battery powered glasses . I also purchased one pair of the rechargeable Samsung glasses for about $ 50 . The free pair came with an extra set of batteries . Good thing since the batteries that were in it were only good for a couple of hours before they died . The rechargeable one so far seems to be OK with regard to the time between recharging . I 've only charged it twice and watched about 4 movies . I have n't watched enough to compare the picture between the cheap pair and the $ 50 pair , but I will since I need to buy at least one more pair . I would love to hear if anyone can tell me whether there is an even better pair to purchase than one of these two Samsung glasses . I have encountered a few quirks . Not sure if its the TV or me not doing something correctly . One is with regard to the sound , especially when watching an Amazon Prime movie . The voices are so quiet that you need to turn the volume completely up to 100 just to hear them . But as soon as the action begins , the sound explodes enough to make your ears bleed . I have n't noticed it yet on regular TV programming , but I 'll keep a lookout for it . Good thing I have Geek Squad warranty if it becomes an issue . Overall , extremely satisfied so far with this TV . I ca n't really imagine how much better the 4k version would be since this picture is so fabulous . It can be so realistic , it actually feels sometimes like you are watching the filming of the scene live . I moved my 52 '' to the bedroom and now see what I 've been missing . I 'm glad I waited to pull the trigger on this purchase . Saved myself almost 50 % over the original price of the TV . It really was a `` Best '' Buy .
Read more
There 's no doubt we 've all heard of the legend of Atlantis , the ancient , once great city that was lost when the ocean submerged it .
To this day the legendary city has yet to be found ( or proven to have ever existed ) yet over the years many other underwater cities have been found , each of them just as eerie as they are mind blowing and beautiful ..
1 . Port Royal , Jamaica
Once a notorious hub for pirate activity , prostitutes , booze , and raging all-night parties , Port Royal was once branded ‘ the most wicked and sinful city in the world ' .
That was so until June 1692 when a massive 7.5 earthquake shook the island of Jamaica , sucking Port Royal into the ocean due to it 's unstable foundations and killing over 2,000 of it 's inhabitants . Was this earthquake a fatal natural accident or was it retribution for all the sins committed within the cavity ? For hundreds of years people believed the latter .
In the years since then the infamous city , once one of the largest European cities in the New World , has continued to sink and now it lies forty feet below the ocean . The sunken city is a hive for archeological exploration as amazingly many near-perfect artefacts are still being unveiled from the site .
2 . The Pyramids of Yonaguni-Jima , Japan
To this day experts still argue over whether the Yonaguni Monument which lies underwater just off the coast of Japan is man made or simply a natural occurrence .
While there is evidence to support the natural theory , looking at the terraced stones and triangular shapes that which make up the pyramid it 's hard to believe such a monument could occur naturally . The pyramid rises a massive 250 feet from the sea floor and is a constant lure for scuba-divers for obvious reasons .
If the structure was manmade , experts suggest it was likely built during the last ice age at roughly 10,000 BCE .
3 . Dwarka , Gulf of Cambay , India
The ancient city of Lord Krishna was once thought to be merely a myth but ruins discovered in 2000 seem to be breathing life into the old Indian tale .
The story goes that Lord Krishna had a magnificent city which was made up of 70,000 palaces made of gold , silver , and various other precious metals . The city was prosperous however upon Lord Krishna 's death Dwarka supposedly sank into the sea .
The ruins are situated 131 feet beneath the ocean surface in the bay of modern-day Dwarka , one of the seven oldest cities in India . Acoustic studies have shown the ruins to be amazingly geometric , stunning experts .
Many artefacts have been recovered from the site but perhaps none more important than one which was dated to 7500 BCE , supporting the theory that the ruins may well be the ancient Dwarka .
4 . Lion City of Quiandao Lake , China
Hailed as the most spectacular underwater city in the world , China 's Lion City certainly is a marvel .
Built in Eastern Han Dynasty at roughly 25-200 CE and spanning about 62 football fields in area , today Lion City can be found 85-131 feet beneath the surface of Thousand Island Lake , an area that was intentionally flooded in the 1950s to create a dam .
The sculptures that decorate the city rival the beauty of even Alexandria so it 's little wonder that Lion City is now one of China 's most popular tourist destinations .
5 . Cleopatra 's Palace , Alexandria , Egypt
Just off the shores of Alexandria lie what is believed to be the palace of Cleopatra , an ancient Egyptian queen . It is believed that the ruins were cast into the sea by an earthquake over 1,500 years ago and lay dormant until recent years .
Along with the royal quarters , archaeologists also believe they have found the temple of Isis alongside them . To date , more than 140 artifacts have been uncovered from the site and experts now believe they have located the tomb of Cleoplatra and an ancient museum within the ruins .
Hopefully the ruins will be opened up to divers and tourists in the years to come , allowing us all to have a closer look at the marvel that is Cleopatra 's palace .
Would you go and see these Mind Blowing Underwater Cities ? Let us know in the comments below !
Credits : EarthPorm
Is Saddam Hussein 's fortune in a warehouse in Moscow ? Mystery over £16.75bn piles of cash left at airport for six years
Cash in 100 euro notes is stored on wooden pallets
Each of the 200 pallets is worth 100million euros
Money was sent to Moscow from Frankfurt in 2007
Documents show the sender was a 45-year-old Iranian
No recipient listed but sources say it could belong to Saddam Hussein
Other theories are that it belonged to Colonel Gaddafi , a Mafia operation linked to the state , or corrupt officials
Unsuccessful attempts have been made to claim the fortune that would make the owner richer than Roman Abramovich
A cargo of 20billion euros in cash ( £16.75billion ) has lain unclaimed at a Moscow airport for six years amid allegations it could be the secret fortune of Saddam Hussein .
The stash , now under high security in a cargo depot , is held on 200 wooden pallets each worth 100 million euros , enough to keep the entire NHS going for almost two months .
Russian customs have demanded the real owner of the booty `` presents himself '' to claim the fortune , but while a number of bogus and unconvincing attempts have been made to obtain it , no-one has satisfied the authorities that they are the rightful recipient .
Under armed guard at Sheremetyevo airport in Russia there is £16.75bn in cash stored on wooden pallets
'It is possible that this is the money of Saddam Hussein , ' an anonymous intelligence source told Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper .
The cash mountain , all in 100 euro notes , was flown to Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow from Frankfurt on 7 August 2007 and it has remained frozen there ever since .
Russian sources say the authorities have failed to untangle the identity of the ultimate owner of the money , which - strangely - arrived at the airport without a specified recipient on the consignment .
Why Saddam 's ill-gotten nest egg would have been sent from Germany to Russia four years after they were toppled , and eight months after their execution , is unclear , but this is not the only theory about the money 's origin .
It is claimed that the Iraqi tyrant had shifted £7.5 billion to Moscow in diplomatic bags before they were ousted , yet this was far short of the full wealth they had amassed .
Documents show Farzin Motlagh as the sender of the money but they have not come to claim the cash
Dead dictators : theories suggest the money could have actually belonged to either Saddam Hussein ( left ) , former ruler of Iraq , or Colonel Gaddafi , who was shot following the Libyan uprising
'There are other possibilities too , ' said a security source last night . Saddam was not the only dictator who funnelled away a fortune : what about Muammar Gaddafi ?
'Another explanation is that this is Russian mafia money or the fortune of corrupt Russian officials but that has become too dangerous for anyone to claim . It is a gargantuan sum . '
The waybill , while not naming a recipient , suggested the owner was 45-year-old Farzin Koroorian Motlagh .
Their passport details show them to be Iranian , but Russian customs and other agencies appear far from convinced that they are the ultimate owner . Nor has they appeared in Moscow to claim the loot .
Reports last night suggested that the cash was intended for an obscure foundation called The World of Kind People , yet its headquarters are Ukrainian and the final destination of the cash was Russia .
It 's boss , called Alexander Shipilov , 53 , is one of a number of people who have failed to convince the authorities to hand them cash that would make them wealthier than Roman Abramovich , who is worth £9 billion .
Their charitable organisation is reported to have offered a two billion euro fee to lawyers to win the case , but Moscow 's legal experts show no desire to take it on .
Vadim Lyalin , a customs affairs expert , said : 'The shipper did n't specify a recipient . This is rather odd . It suggests that something is wrong with the cash .
'Surely someone would have claimed the cargo from the very beginning . It remains unknown who exactly did so .
'Probably , there was a certain plan how this cash was supposed to cross the Russian border since no-one with any sense would send such money to `` nowhere '' .
'Something must have gone wrong , and `` Mr X '' failed to receive the cargo . After a number of failed attempts to collect the cash , it was decided to act via a foundation .
'This is a common money laundering practice . '
Whoever manages to convince Russian authorities the money is theirs will be worth more than Roman Abramovich
The Russian government has so far not seized the money . Lyalin added : 'It turns out that there are no reasonable grounds for seizing it .
'The owner of the cash is named on paper . The cash is real and was transferred from a German bank . '
The bank has been named as Deutsche Bank Group , though this is not confirmed .
'Customs demanded the owner of the cargo to appear in person , ' said Lyalin . 'The authorities had to make sure that the owner was alive and is not a fake . '
Motlagh ( also known as Farzin Ali Karoryan Mutlaq ) - who in 2010 was accused of being the `` mastermind '' of an attempt to steal $ 14billion from the Central Bank of Abu Dhabi using false documents - has not appeared in Moscow to stake their claim .
They were reported to have avoided trial in the United Arab Emirates by fleeing to Iran .
It is unclear if there is any link between the Abu Dhabi and Moscow cases , but in any event the Russians have rejected their attempts to use intermediaries to claim the cash .
One source familiar with the situation said that a dozen groups have sought to claim the cash , all claiming to have Motlagh 's authority .
'They include criminals , Chechen groups , and Ukrainian gangsters , ' said the source .
Sydney terrorism raids : What we know about the alleged plot to bring down a plane
Updated
Sorry , this video has expired Video : Malcolm Turnbull speaks about the raids and the terror threat ( ABC News )
Malcolm Turnbull has confirmed anti-terrorism raids in Sydney on Saturday related to a threat to bring down a plane with an `` improvised device '' .
Here 's what we know so far about the alleged plot .
What did the alleged attackers have planned ?
The ABC understands the alleged cell was capable of making an improvised explosive device , and police have found materials and items that could be used to make a homemade bomb .
It is understood authorities believe the group was intending to smuggle the device onto a plane in order to blow it up . It is unclear whether they would have succeeded .
Police do not yet know what type of plane the group planned to target or what timeframe they had for carrying out the alleged plot .
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said police believed it was `` Islamic-inspired terrorism '' .
Sorry , this video has expired Video : Five properties were raided overnight ( ABC News )
What do we know about the raids ?
Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) , ASIO and New South Wales Police conducted operations on Saturday evening at five properties in the inner-city suburb of Surry Hills , and the south-west suburbs of Lakemba , Wiley Park and Punchbowl .
A considerable amount of material was seized by police .
Sorry , this video has expired Video : A Surry Hills resident left their home saying their relatives had been taken into custody ( ABC News )
Who was involved in the alleged plot ?
The AFP said four men had been arrested in the raids but no charges had been laid .
A woman who told the ABC their son and husband were arrested after their Surry Hills house was raided denied they had any links to terrorism .
`` I love Australia , '' they said as they were accompanied to a waiting car by police .
How have authorities responded ?
Additional security measures were put in place at Sydney airport on Thursday and extended to other major airports overnight .
Passengers were warned to allow extra time for security screening , and some are experiencing delays .
Mr Turnbull said those with plans to travel should do so with confidence .
What has the Prime Minister said ?
Mr Turnbull said the operation was ongoing and Australia continued to face `` a range of terrorist threats '' .
`` Some of them are lone actors who activate very quickly with very little warning , '' they said .
`` On other occasions you get quite elaborate conspiracies — this appears to be in that category . ''
What about the terror threat level ?
Australia 's terror threat level , which is set on the advice of ASIO , will remain at probable .
Justice Minister Michael Keenan said lone actors remained the primary danger , but sophisticated attacks still remain a real threat .
`` It 's very important that everyone in Australia remains vigilant — if there 's something you see that seems suspicious , call the national security hotline . ''
The threat level was raised to probable in 2014 , and since then 70 people have been charged as a result of 31 counter-terrorism operations around the country .
What happens next ?
Three men are being held at the Sydney Police Centre in Surry Hills . One man has been released without charge .
Police are still searching the Surry Hills property .
Topics : terrorism , unrest-conflict-and-war , police , law-crime-and-justice , turnbull-malcolm , sydney-2000 , australia
First posted
Well here it is , sorry it took so long and thanks again for the three months premium gift , I hope you like it . I was actually going to post this on Christmas Eve as a sort of present but I got side tracked by family and what not . The comics very cluttered but I used it as a chance to really experiment with SAI and im relativly pleased with the outcome , at least aesthetically ... kind of hard to read , heres the summarary : 'Scientists Harmony Star ( the OC alicorn ) and Twilight Sparkle are about to concoct a secret potion developed especially for Spike the dragon . But to do that , they need the help specially trained diamond and ruby specialist , Rarity . As spike unbeknownst to what is going on , the three scientist are getting ready to prepare the potion . this scientist carefully crush the rubies and diamonds in the container . spike is heart-wrenched when they saw this . then they carefully mix it together , and the potion is too strong . but later it is settled down . as the three prepare to give a surprise potion to Spike . Spike is growing so worried as to how this will affect him . Harmony is given the potion to spike , but Spike is a little nervous , so Twilight tries to explain there 's nothing to worry about . but spike is fussy to believe it . Rarity gives it one last chance for spike to try it , Rarity gave it all she 's got , but to no avail , Then without warning Spike gives the potion a try . As soon as they gulp it down , Spike begins to feel .... not funny , but surprised . They had never experienced such a wonderful delight before . Spike apologizes and thanks them for this unique surprise . The trio scientist succeeded , and they gave them each a brohoof together . but there was a problem Spike wants more of this tasty treat . 'Sorry if its not what you wanted guy , I thought id jazz up the ending abit . I was originally going to have Spike grow huge but I thought that had been done already and there is n't enough Spike'as'pony art.Anyways , I hope you all had a good Christmas , time to get back to arts ! Side note : Whilst uploading this , SAI glitched up and I thought id lost 3 months of work ... that feel ... oh gawd ... Part 2 : [ link ]
The Kerala Police have been on a marijuana-cleaning spree across the state recently.In an attempt to make Kerala a safe abode for youngsters to stay unadulterated , they have raided several joints and seized marijuana and other recreational drugs.However , the men in uniform seem to have taken their duty too seriously as they even confiscated T-shirts , key chains , bracelets and bumper stickers that sported the marijuana leaf and Bob Marley pictures . The purveyors of such goods too were booked under Section 3 ( 1 ) Young Persons ( Harmful Publication ) Act 1956 , which prevents the dissemination of certain publication harmful to young persons , aged below 20 years.According to the police , it is not just new-gen movies like Honey Bee or Idukki Gold that corrupt the young minds , but even the mere sight of these narcotic substances and associated idols in the printed form can propagate a morbid fascination with cannabis and other recreational drugs.They feel that youngsters in the age brackets of 15 and 18 years get influenced easily and hence are the target of drug dealers . “ When weed smokers walk around in T-shirts and accessories branding anti-social messages and symbols , the young children look up to them as cool icons ; their minds are eventually fascinated to try out marijuana . We have also been receiving complaints from parents of young children . Hence we are confiscating clothes and accessories with marijuana messages or idols associated with the substance printed on it , all for the safety of children , ” says A Anantlal , Sub-Inspector , Ernakulam.The police action has received mixed reactions with many supporting the move while others decried it . But what has irked them all is portraying Bob Marley in bad light . The legendary Jamaican reggae singer , who was part of the Rastafari movement , had used marijuana to practice their spirituality , and thus the association . In addition to the singer 's image ( at times seen smoking a joint ) , their dreadlock hair , the Rastafari flag colours ( a mix of red , green and yellow ) , cannabis leaf etc are the commonly added elements that have been adorning many T-shirts and automobiles these days. “ Please keep Bob Marley away from the issue , ” say youngsters in one voice . Kevin * appreciates the recent drive by the police and feels flaunting such T-shirts and accessories are nothing but a pseudo air . “ I really do n't find the display of marijuana messages and symbols attractive . If you like such tees , wear it in a country where marijuana is legalised . You do n't have to show the world that you are smoking up and that 's why you are so cool . It 's a stupid thing to do , ” they say.Jomon * believes that youngsters speak their attitude through such prints on T-shirts and bumper stickers . “ That is their age , wherein they think it is cool to do marijuana and other recreational drugs , ” they say.A few opine that seizing marijuana and Bob Marley T-shirts and accessories are not doing justice to the issue . “ All these stunts wo n't address the issue , ” says Jamshir * . They say that the cops are just using this as a ploy to hide their inefficiency in tackling the drug trade . “ The common man thinks weed is as dangerous as chemicals . So they make them think they are working hard in bringing about a solution to the issue , ” they add . Stating that T-shirts and such tangible elements carrying harmful messages and icons have nothing to do with one 's mental urge to smoke weed , Levin * says , “ I do n't smoke marijuana , but I love these T-shirts with the cannabis leaf and the colours . I have even customised my bike with the leaves stamped all over it . Seizing these goods will not serve the purpose. ” “ Bob Marley was not just some junkie , ” says an angry Jamshir . Fans of Bob Marley were up in arms when officials hinted Bob Marley images as one of the prime reasons why youngsters take to drugs . “ It 's an insult to Bob Marley , ” rues Kevin . Seconding the view , Jomon adds , “ He is known for their music and that is the best thing about him . They have advocated and instigated inspirational values among us . Follow them for music . Bob Marley can not be blamed if a youngster is tempted to smoke weed listening to their music or their lifestyle. ” “ Posters and pictures directly or indirectly depicting marijuana and other narcotic substances can stimulate young adolescent minds . When they happen to hear or or read something unusual or colourful , they have the inclination to enquire about it . This can quickly trigger their thought processes.Even a five-year-old child can be influenced by a small picture.They have the ability to retain the image until they reach a maturity level . Why do advertisements showing alcohol and cigarettes have restrictions and come with strict warning ? This is because youngsters below 20 years are rebellious and it is good to be so . But such an attitude has to be under check , ” says psychiatrist S D Singh . ( * some names have been changed on request )
Mexico City , Mexico ( CNN ) -- Authorities in the Mexican border state of Nuevo Leon have finished excavating and are trying to identify 51 bodies they found in nine hidden mass graves , state media said .
The graves could be connected to drug gang violence , Nuevo Leon Governor Rodrigo Medina de la Cruz told the state-run Notimex news agency .
Investigators found charred remains , incinerated bone fragments and stains of fire on the ground where bodies were presumably burned in steel drums , Notimex said .
Teams from the state attorney general 's office and the Mexican army used dogs and heavy machinery in their 72-hour search of the area , Notimex reported Saturday .
Investigators believe some of the bodies had been dumped within the past 15 days , said Alejandro Garza y Garza , Nuevo Leon attorney general .
Garza said Friday that the bodies were in an area spanning 3 hectares ( about 7 acres ) in the municipality of Juarez outside the state capital of Monterrey . Investigators were still searching for additional graves Friday , they said , according to Notimex .
The bodies were mostly males between ages 20 and 50 , Notimex said , and many of them had tattoos .
Forensic investigators are performing DNA tests to identify the victims , Notimex reported .
Similar mass graves have been discovered in the Mexican states of Tamaulipas , Guerrero and Quintana Roo since late May . Authorities have linked them to Mexico 's ongoing drug war .
Nuevo Leon , which borders Texas , has seen a spike in drug violence this year due to an intensifying rivalry between former partners : the Gulf cartel and a group know as the Zetas .
I have two friends who I chose to reach out to for their view of the ongoing attacks by those associated with the McCain-Palin campaign on Senator Barack Obama 's ethnicity and religious beliefs and ties . I spoke to Tyrone , a mid-management employee of a large corporation . I asked them to share their take on the recent slurs . This was their response :
I find the growing vitriolic anti-Muslim heckling that has found its way into the presidential campaign deeply troubling . It speaks to efforts by certain right wing elements of society that take advantage of the ignorance of the large segment of the American public that know little of the of Islam except the sensational headlines depicting violence by radicals that act under the guise of the religion , to paint the entire religion with a broad demonic brush . The propaganda has no better evidence as in a DVD being distributed , largely in the battleground states , titled `` Obsession : Radical Islam 's War Against the West . '' This hateful effort would be akin to having all of Christianity represented by the heinous actions of the Klu Klux Klan . People are using Barak Obama 's middle name almost as a pejorative . When a people are demonized , they lose their humanity . Otherwise well intentioned people will turn a blind eye to all sorts of atrocities committed against them because they are the evil others . It frightens me that I or my children could one day face persecution because of a name that my family chose out of religious identity . Never mind that I grew up with the Beverly Hillbillies and my children Barney and Jimmy Neutron . In other words we are as essentially American as the next Mr. and Mrs. Smith . By the way , so is our next ESPN watching president .
The other response is from a woman who is a devout Muslim , and from whom I learned a great deal about the actual Muslim faith . A lot of which most of the general public does not know or understand about the reality of the religion . And the most interesting twist is that when they chose the Muslim faith they also chose to marry a man in that same Muslim faith . A man who is white , and of German heritage . Which makes it very interesting for those who assume that the Muslim population is made up of African Americans , who are often stereotyped in the perceived terrorist profile .
I find that the matter of race and religion in this political campaign to bear a certain egregious stench . All of the classic stereotyping that comes with the placement of careful wording by the McCain/Palin campaign is all racist . Mention Muslim and one is automatically led to think of bad , terrorist , and probably African American . Most do not know or want to know what Muslims actually believe . Most Muslims are not terrorists . Many Muslims are not African American . And all Arabs are not Muslims , just as all Muslims are not Arabs .
What I have determined , after reading the interview of Gayle Quinell , after watching the videos of the people in Palin/McCain rallies , that these people have neither the capacity nor the desire to hear the truth . They do n't want the truth , they want to be right , they want to believe that `` White is right . '' And that is frightening when combined with the delusional behavior of Sarah Palin , who simply does not understand , comprehend or has the faintest idea as to what they have done wrong in Alaska , what harm they are doing in this country with their focus on making lies become the truth by continual repetition . And the McCain campaign is not stopping them They are incredibly dangerous to this country on so many levels . We have to take this seriously enough to make sure that every single vote is counted , every one we can reach out to votes . Forget the polls , forget the noise . Every vote counts this time . Our future , our country depends on it .
Buy Photo A sign along North Main Street in Pittsford notes its founding date . Village trustees on Tuesday are expected to adopt a zoning regulation that would relegate certain businesses to an out-of-the-way sector . ( Photo : DAVID ANDREATTA/staff photographer ) Buy Photo
It all started with too much dog poop on State Street in the village of Pittsford .
A dog care business had opened without a permit in a home there and the fenced-off front yard had become a canine relief station .
That got village trustees talking about what sort of business they wanted to keep off the picturesque main drag and , from there , they settled on six : tattoo parlors , tobacco stores and lounges , pawn shops , check-cashing operations , distilleries and precious metal exchanges .
Trustees on Tuesday are expected to adopt a zoning regulation that would relegate these businesses to an out-of-the-way sector of the village north of the Erie Canal .
Specifically , those businesses would be limited to a light industrial section off Grove Street punctuated by a converted pickle packing plant known as the `` Old Pickle Factory . '' The former factory houses several businesses , including an insurance company , a chiropractor , a spa and a yoga studio .
`` We 're not excluding these uses , but putting them in places where they wo n't adversely affect residential neighborhoods or the prime business districts in the village , '' said Mayor Robert Corby .
None of the six businesses are in the village , and Corby said none has recently applied for a permit .
They cast the legislation as a pre-emptive move to preserve the village 's image at a time when such businesses , still found predominantly in cities , are riding a popular culture wave into suburbia .
Tattoos , once the staple of prisoners and sailors , have become fashionable . Pawnbrokers , often associated with desperation and seediness , are enjoying a renaissance buoyed by reality television and a flagging economy . The marketing of electronic cigarettes as safer alternatives to traditional cigarettes has breathed new life into smoke shops .
`` The mindset of the younger generation is completely different '' toward tattoos , said Joel Provost , who three years ago opened Pure Image Tattoo , a tidy little shop on Main Street in the neighboring village of Fairport . `` Tattooing is mainstream . ''
National Pawnbrokers Association spokesperson Emmett Murphy said characterizing pawn shops as an undesirable business is based on `` stereotypical and outdated ideas '' about the industry .
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds : Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565 . Delivery : Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
They said the average pawnbroker loan is $ 150 and that less than one-tenth of 1 percent of merchandise pawned is found to be stolen .
`` These kinds of regulations are home runs in the minds of politicians in the sense that it 's a feel-good law that 's ... trying to make people feel that their community is being cleaned up , '' Murphy said . `` The reality is the pawn industry is a financial service used by demographics across the board . ''
The proposed regulations aimed at limiting the locations of tobacco shops in Pittsford specifically address businesses `` dedicated to the display , sale , distribution , delivery , offering , furnishing or marketing of tobacco , tobacco products or tobacco paraphernalia '' and those `` engaged in the retail sale of tobacco products for consumption by customers on the premises . ''
They say nothing of vape shops , which specialize in tobacco-free e-cigarettes and accessories and have popped up in Greece , Penfield , Fairport and Webster in the last couple of years . Most vape shops have lounges where customers can sample their wares .
Corby said trustees intended to cover vape shops , but acknowledged the stores may not be affected by the regulation as written . If that is the case , they anticipated the drafting of a new ordinance targeting vape shops .
Ryan Becker , who manages Village Vape or Smoke on Main Street in Webster , said they understood the motivation but disagreed with the means .
`` Is it fair ? No , '' Becker said . `` But I understand how Pittsford is . A lot of people want to keep it how it was and they do n't want these new businesses coming in . ''
DANDREATTA @ Gannett.com
Twitter.com/david_andreatta
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rocne.ws/1xLR54Y
by Anirudha Dutta
Earlier this year , I was in a village in Medak district of Andhra Pradesh witnessing one of the group meetings of a micro-finance institution ( MFI ) . After the meeting I spoke to a woman in one of the groups and asked them who they would vote for if elections were to be held soon . I was half expecting the old woman to say YSR , the former chief minister who had died last year and was the architect of many pro-poor and pro-women schemes . I was stunned when they said , “ Indira amma ” . Yes , I did hear them correctly . The old woman still ‘ voted ' for Indira amma , who had died in 1984 . The Gandhi family magic at work .
I have since wondered what gives the `` first family '' of India such an enduring hold over the imagination of a large cross-section of the Indian population . My eureka moment came about a month back , when I was in New Delhi . As I was criss-crossing the city , I saw a large number of tourist buses parked in front of various tourist attractions -- - most of them memorials to various members of the Nehru-Gandhi family . So , for 365 days a year , tourists from far and wide come to the capital city , and apart from seeing historical monuments , the only must-visits are the odes to various members of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty . Is it surprising , then , that the family is held in such high esteem by millions across the country ?
The family realizes it ; that is why no leader other than one with the Gandhi surname is allowed such monuments and shrines in the capital city . We do not see such monuments , roads , parks , or airports named after P V Narasimha Rao . The poor guy – who , along with Vajpayee , was , arguably the best Prime Minister India has ever had - did not even get a burial in the capital city of the country , let alone a memorial .
But there is one person who has grasped this truth and is not willing to play by the dynasty rules - Mayawati . They are ensuring that their legacy will endure in the Dalit pantheon , alongside Ambedkar , Kanshi Ram and others . This is why they have built innumerable parks honouring various Dalit leaders , including herself . I heard a Dalit woman on one of the news channels say that each time they take their children to this park , they will feel proud that their leaders have come of age ; that they are now able to build such monuments dedicated to Dalits . While the glitterati and the chatteratti may not like Mayawati 's brazen ode to themselves and their seeming lack of taste and aesthetics , Dalits support her , saying they need such symbols in a country where there are monuments honouring everyone except them . Mayawati understands this psyche .
The media has been up in arms because Mayawati has spent Rs685 crores on the Noida park . This money , they say , could have been better spent on schools , colleges and hospitals . Sure . But the same can be said about all the prime land that has been usurped by the Gandhi family in the name of various family trusts to build memorials . What is the value of the land and residences usurped by the Gandhi name ?
Mayawati knows exactly what they are doing , although it may cause resentment , mirth , and dismay among the rich , and in the English news media .
The parks give Dalits a sense of pride , and motivate them and spur them . There 's nothing wrong in building parks – they 've been part and parcel of Indian politics . There will now be some respite from the Nehru- Gandhi family parks , museums and statues we have been inundated with as a nation .
I do wish that Mayawati was also building schools , universities , vocational training institutes , hospitals and factories . But politically it is not the same thing ; tourists and visitors will not go there to gawk at them , feel a sense of reverence or gain a sense of identity because of them .
Hopefully those will come in the next five years .
Anirudha Dutta is a financial analyst with a global investment bank and based in Mumbai . They love to write on a variety of subjects and hopes to get their clients engaged in them , even though some of the topics would be at a reasonable distance from the stock markets . Like all good bongs they love their phish and phoochka , but unlike them they are not passionate about phootball .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
We will be having another Squad Beacon on May 4th at 3PM CDT ! Why 3PM you ask ? We would like to give our European Counterparts a chance to participate and 3PM CDT translates to 8PM GMT . Not sure what time that is for you ? Hit up the time zone converter . Here are a few topics that will be discussed :
New Lattice Discussion
Last few months of Game Updates
GU08 , Harasser and More !
Overall thoughts 6 months after release .
Suggestions for a topic ? Hit up the comment thread and let us know ! Recordings will be available later on YouTube and live video feeds will be available . Viewers can tune in at live.planetside-universe.com .
The panel is coming together ! Do n't forget to tune in next week !
basti from Vanu Corporation ( VS Miler )
robocpf from GOTR ( VS Mattherson )
RoyAwesome TEST ( VS Mattherson )
Matt Higby will be on hand to represent the New Conglomerate and the PlanaetSide 2 development team be sure to drop by our Twitch Channel where you can participate live in the discussions ! And of course Hamma and Jennyboo representing the AGN and Terran Republic .
Remember to subscribe to us on YouTube and follow us on TwitchTV and you will never miss any of our exclusive AGN Events !
We are happy to announce we will be joined by PlanetSide 2 Creative Director Matt Higby for the show ! If you are n't on the panel be sure to drop by our Twitch Channel where you can participate live in the discussions .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has said that they will always give young players like Jordan Rossiter and Jordan Williams a chance . The teenage pair made their debuts in Tuesday 's Capital One Cup tie against Middlesbrough which Liverpool eventually won 14-13 on penalties .
Rossiter , 17 , started and scored in the first-half while Williams , 18 , came on for Rossiter and calmly converted their penalty in the shoot-out after the game had finished 2-2 .
`` It was great for the young players , '' said Rodgers . `` Jordan ( Rossiter ) could walk to Anfield from where they grew up . They showed wonderful composure and I was impressed with Jordan Williams . They are a good young footballer .
`` Opportunity is the biggest thing a young kid can want and they know that I will always look to them . My job is to grow young talent otherwise there is no point having our academy .
`` It was a good night for us and we 're pleased to get through . You can see why Middlesbrough are near the top of the Championship . It 's good to win no matter how you win . We played OK. We did n't create a lot but we persevered .
`` We made too many mistakes , though , and got punished . I was disappointed with the first goal ( poor marking as Adam Reach scored ) and especially the second ( a foul on Patrick Bamford who converted the penalty in the 120th minute ) because Middlesbrough 's legs were gone . They were tired and we gave the ball away sloppily ( through Raheem Sterling ) .
`` But we showed great resilience and wonderful composure from the young players . It was good for the camaraderie and team spirit because we have a massive game at the weekend ( against Everton ) . Adam ( Lallana , still gaining sharpness after injury ) is still on their pre-season so for them to get the game-time was good and I was really impressed with Jose Enrique . It was great for the spirit of the team . ''
- Liverpool limp through after epic Middlesbrough shoot-out
- Jordan Rossiter among seven emerging talents to watch
- Liverpool get permission for £260m Anfield redevelopment
- Daniel Agger : I left Liverpool because of Brendan Rodgers
- Liverpool beat Middlesbrough on penalties : as it happened
Yellowhammer Brewing is closer than ever to launching its new brewhouse , bier garten and taproom at Campus No . 805 in downtown Huntsville .
The 5-year-old Belgian and German-style craft beer maker was the first tenant to break ground at the 13-acre former Stone Middle School property and will be the first to open this fall . General manager and co-owner Ethan Couch hopes to begin serving customers Thanksgiving weekend .
`` As soon as we get some details from the city and the state on when we can open , then we 'll start planning a big grand opening , '' they said .
On Thursday , Couch took AL.com on a tour of the 10,000-square-foot facility , which will also serve as Earth and Stone Wood Fired Pizza 's first brick-and-mortar restaurant . Yellowhammer 's existing building on 2406 Clinton Ave. West will be Salty Nut Brewery 's new home early next year .
The new digs
When Yellowhammer opens at the project off Governors Drive , Couch said the new 15-barrel brewhouse will allow them to immediately double their production . By the end of the year , the small business should triple its output , they added .
The taproom features a newly-built bar with a concrete counter top etched with finished hickory wood , foot rails and brackets . The piece was made by Huntsville-based Josh Pike Design with help from Drop Metal 's Micah Gregg , who also developed Earth and Stone 's sign .
A private room is available nearby and will seat about 20 customers . Couch said they will install new furniture , a TV , and computer hookups for events .
The 50-seat covered outdoor patio will face a new city park , which Couch said should debut when Yellowhammer opens its facility . Yellowhammer also plans to offer outdoor games and a stage for musicians inside the taproom , which will have 12 beer taps to start .
Making the leap
Couch said Yellowhammer will employ about 30 workers at full capacity .
`` It 's very exciting , '' they said . `` We were the first to commit to the whole project and it means a lot to us to make this leap in terms of our growth and all the support we 've had from the community and everybody at the city . ''
Earth and Stone , owned by Stan Stinson and Tina Ford , will serve pizza , salads and sandwiches at the development . Stinson said they are seeking full-time pizza makers and prep cooks in preparation for the grand opening .
Although cooks should know how to use a 900-degree oven , Stinson said on-the-job training will be available to workers who need it .
`` This whole project , once we open and get our feet under ourselves , Straight to Ale 's going to open and draw a lot of people over there , '' they said . `` This is going to be an adult mecca . I 'm looking forward to it . ''
More development
Stone Middle , empty since 2009 , was the original Butler High School . In addition to Yellowhammer , Earth and Stone , and Straight to Ale , Campus No . 805 will be home to Lone Goose Saloon , Bubba 's Silver Spoon Catering , Stone Event Rental , Dough 's Nuts Bakery , Sweet Liberty BYO Homebrew Supplies and Ronnie Raygun 's Arcade .
Straight to Ale will operate a 40,000-square-foot brewery and taproom at the property . Campus No . 805 , which is designed by Matheny Goldmon Architects , will also include a new 16,000-square-foot retail building at the corner of Clinton Avenue and Lowery Street on the east end of the site .
The $ 2 million facility will feature 8-10 units ranging from 1,300 to 3,900 square feet . For details on leasing , email joyce @ campus805.com or call 256-519-6212 .
Campus No . 805 | Yellowhammer Construction Update ( October 2015 ) from Red Brick Strategies on Vimeo .
When Rebecca Meredith took the stage in March at the Glasgow Ancients , an annual university debate tournament , they and their debate partner , Marlena Valles , were prepared for a little heckling . After all , Meredith is ranked the third top university debater in Europe in 2012 and Valles won the best speaker in Scotland 's 2013 national championship , so between the two of them they 've “ beaten men in debates hundreds of times ” and “ can deal with heckles , ” writes Meredith in the Huffington Post . But even before the two debaters started speaking , a cadre of men in the audience began to boo , continued to boo throughout the debate , shouted “ Shame , woman ! ” and “ analysed their sexual attractiveness. ” When a woman judge intervened , reports Lucy Sheriff , the men called the judge “ a frigid bitch . ”
Feminist Marilyn Webb has a similar story . When they took the stage to speak at the New Left 's Counter-Inaugural , they tell Susan Faludi in the April edition of the New Yorker , men in the audience immediately started shouting things like “ Take them off the stage and fuck her ! ” and “ Fuck them down the alley. ” Author and activist Shulamith Firestone tried to speak after Webb , writes Faludi , “ but was drowned out by a howl of sexual epithets . ”
Advertisement :
Legally speaking , “ you can heckle a speaker but you ca n't drown them out , ” explains Wendy Kaminer , a lawyer , author and free speech advocate . Drowning out speakers or preventing them from speaking by threatening to create a violent reprisal is called “ the Heckler 's Veto. ” Considering the 2010 case of University of California students arrested for trying to prevent Karl Rove from speaking at a book-signing , Kaminer writes for the Atlantic that “ protestors were not exercising their First Amendment rights so much as they were effectively restricting the rights of others. ” Because they sought to use their heckler 's veto to silence a speaker , the speech of the students was no longer protected as free by the First Amendment .
The Heckler 's Veto is an ongoing concern for free speech advocates because it 's a live-action attempt to curtail the free speech of a public speaker – one that 's used time after time , year after year . The New Left Counter-Inaugural at which women speakers were heckled and drowned out , for example , took place in 1969 . Rebecca Meredith 's experience with an attempted heckler 's veto ( she and their partner went on to finish their debate ) was in 2013 .
Forty-four years . What 's changed ?
Shortly after the Glasgow debate , Meredith received a text alerting them that “ 'Lad ' websites and male chat forums had posted pictures of me from news sites and discussed how best to violently rape or sexually assault me. ” Comment after comment , they write , discussed “ whether it would be preferable to rape me using a knife , or to keep me as a sex slave . ''
What 's changed in the last 40 years , then , is that now some men can heckle and drown out women not just in person but remotely , from the comfort of their own homes . The Heckler 's Veto has n't gone away , it 's gone online . Only now , it 's called trolling .
Encyclopedia Dramatica , a deliberately offensive wiki outlining the worldview and language of some of the people congregating in the forums and chat rooms of 4chan.org , defines “ trolling ” as “ Internet Eugenics. ” Trolling is designed to enrage and traumatize targets – especially women and minorities – so that they 'll go ahead and “ leave the internet . ”
Advertisement :
Online campaigns designed to punish particular people are called “ lulz , ” the phonetic version of the acronym “ LOL , ” meaning laugh out loud , which describes both the systematic process for chasing people off the Internet and the result ( maximum amusement ! ) . Lulz has “ standard operating procedures ” and the first of those procedures is trolling , or leaving a large volume of offensive comments on a person 's blog and tweeting hateful messages to them . Trolling is both a signal and a threat . Shut up and get off the Internet , is the message , or there will be further consequences – such as the publication of your personal details ( called “ doxing ” ) so you can be harassed not just online but by phone and at your home , followed by denial of service ( dos ) attacks on your website or , if you 've really infuriated them , distributed denial of service attacks ( Ddos ) against your host provider ( which will crash not just your site but thousands of other sites also hosted by those servers ) .
To recap : 1 ) trolling , 2 ) doxing , 3 ) dos or Ddos attacks . Lather , rinse , repeat .
And repeat they do . Set up only nine years ago , in 2004 , Encyclopedia Dramatica contains hundreds of entries documenting past and future victims of a “ lollercoaster. ” Writer Melissa McEwan , owner of Shakesville , a multi-author blog about feminism and intersectionality , is one of the targets . Them address and phone number are published and so are suggestions about how to troll her , ranging from emailing their penis pictures , to “ revenge-raping her , ” to targeting a Shakesville audience member who also owns a blog by extracting “ their info from whois database , Facebook , or a phone book then proceed to raep. ” ( Rape , deliberately misspelled as “ raep , ” can mean a dos or Ddos attack . ) In 2007 , the Shakesville website , along with several other feminist blogs , was the subject of Ddos attacks – but the primary tool used to harass McEwan , year after year , is threats of sexual violence and death . At one point , McEwan says , Encyclopedia Dramatica “ used to feature a campaign offering a financial reward to anyone who could offer proof of raping and/or murdering me . ”
So the first and most easily sustained method in the lulz process is the online hate storm – like the one directed at McEwan for the last several years , or the most recent one directed at Caroline Criado-Perez for their successful petition to have Jane Austen 's face put on the back of the UK 's £10 note . After the Bank of England announced that , yes , Jane Austen 's visage would grace the new banknote , Criado-Perez began receiving rape threats and death threats via Twitter – sometimes as many as 50 an hour . Criado-Perez told the BBC UK that they had “ stumbled into a nest of men who co-ordinate attacks on women . ”
Advertisement :
“ This is a systemic issue , the people doing this , this is their hobby , they just move from target to target , they 're like a roaming gang of some kind , ” explains developer and consultant Adria Richards . They have “ screen shots and screen captures of places where they were organizing these attacks , ” Richards says , and sure enough , “ they have scripts , templates. ” Six months ago , Richards was at the center of a full-spectrum campaign that started with trolling – rape threats , racial threats , death threats – and culminated in a Ddos attack that shut down their company 's servers . Them employer , Send Grid , capitulated to the mob and fired them Since then , “ for safety reasons , ” Richards has “ been lying low. ” Despite all of that , “ one of the saddest things , ” they say , “ was when they found out I 'm black and female and Jewish , on one forum , they were like , 'Is they Latino ? 'Cuz I hate Latinos too . ' ”
“ Clearly this is gendered and it has to do with the fact that I 'm black , ” says Zerlina Maxwell . “ Because the rape threats I received are not the same as the rape threats and death threats Lindy West got . Mine had the N-word all over them. ” In March , Maxwell was a commentator on Fox News ' Hannity , and although she 'd spoken on the show before without any significant social media backlash , after this appearance – probably because she 'd talked about their experience being raped by someone they knew , disagreed that arming women with guns would be an effective way to reduce rape , and suggested that men should take some responsibility for ending it – they received a barrage of rape and death threats on Facebook , Twitter and by email .
“ I view it as a silencing tactic , ” says Maxwell about the campaign mounted against them “ I have a policy . I do not ignore ... 'Do not feed the trolls ' is really easy for people to say when you 're not getting 100 rape threats , when you 're not getting 100 death threats. ” Instead , Maxwell explains , “ I am screen-grabbing , I am saving , I am posting , I am reporting this to the police if necessary. ” They soon discovered , however , that “ the law is not all the way caught up . ”
Advertisement :
Legal consequences for organized campaigns of online harassment are more theoretical than practical . Dos and Ddos attacks are illegal , but unless they 're directed at a large organization ( like AT & T , Paypal , Visa , MasterCard , Universal Music , Department of Justice and even the FBI ) or related to a controversial , highly publicized crime ( such the reaction of Anonymous to the Steubenville rape case ) , they 're unlikely to be investigated by authorities . Publishing a person 's private information to encourage stalking violates privacy statutes in most states , but even if victims succeed in tracing the identities of their anonymous attackers , they might not have the energy or resources to sue .
Then there 's the third tactic , trolling . “ I have nothing but sympathy for women who are subject to this , ” says Kaminer . “ I have nothing but disdain , to put it mildly – contempt ! – for the people who subject the women to this . The question is ... Should the women have any legal recourse ? If we 're not talking about the instances of vandalism or privacy violations , if we 're just talking about really hateful speech , then from my perspective , the women – the targets of this speech – only have legal recourse if you can characterize the speech as actual or true threats . And that becomes a very hard factual question , which depends not just on the language being used , but on the context . ”
Unless police determine a message to be an actual threat , the content of the trolling – no matter how offensive or frightening – is speech protected by the First Amendment . For each of the three tactics used in organized campaigns of online intimidation , then , U.S. laws either offer de facto protection to aggressors or are rarely enforced to protect victims .
Advertisement :
With legal recourse either unavailable or unenforceable , does the speech of trolls – online hecklers actively seeking to silence their targets – constitute a Heckler 's Veto ? Kaminer says no . Trolling does n't interfere with articles and blog posts published online in the same way that a speaker can be silenced at a live event . Online , even when websites are bombarded with offensive comments or speakers are sent volumes of frightening messages , those communications do n't interfere with a person 's ability to publish a text or with an audience 's ability to read it . The words remain .
Except the words might not remain . In 2007 , after receiving rape threats and death threats , tech blogger Kathy Sierra canceled their speaking engagements , moved house ( her address had been published and messages and packages were being sent to their home ) , and stopped writing and blogging for six years . ( One of Sierra 's tormentors was later revealed to be “ Weev , ” an online identity of Andrew Auernheimer , who was later arrested and sentenced to 41 months in prison for hacking AT & T 's customer data . ) Writer Linda Grant told journalists Vanessa Thorpe and Richard Rogers they quit writing their column for the Guardian because of “ violent hate speech ” that included anti-Semitism and misogyny . And just a few months ago , in June , Ms. Magazine canceled a series of blog posts by Heidi Yewman because it was unable to adequately moderate a trolling backlash that included attempts to publish Yewman 's home address . Ms. later reversed its position and reinstated the series , but the magazine 's first reaction is revealing . If a politically seasoned and professionally staffed organization with decades of experience confronting controversial issues can be destabilized by a trolling and lulz campaign , it 's not surprising that individual women quit , too .
“ I 've spoken to many women who simply stopped engaging , ” says feminist activist and author Soraya Chemaly . “ They do n't support other people online because they do n't want to be targeted , they 've stopped writing about certain topics , they silence themselves – which is of course the issue. ” They add , “ I 'm happy to talk about free speech , it 's very dear to me [ ... ] but the free speech we have to take care of first is the speech that is already lost , ” because women are being intimidated off the Internet , out of public life and into silence .
And indeed , the problem is bigger than the Heckler 's Veto . Protesters and hecklers might succeed in drowning out a speaker – as they did to Webb and Firestone at the New Left Counter-Inaugural and attempted to do to Meredith and Valles at the Glasgow Ancients – but coordinated campaigns of trolling , doxing and Ddos attacks are explicitly designed not only to silence you , but also to embarrass you , scare you , harass you , get government agencies to investigate you , vandalize your property , make you move , get you fired , ruin your life .
Advertisement :
And then , when the organized cells of misogynists and racists are finished with you , they simply move on to the next victim . “ The part that makes me the saddest , ” says Richards , who 's no longer under active attack and is developing tools to protect people from this kind of abuse , “ is ... that it 's still happening to someone else . Whether it 's for race or gender or sexual orientation , it 's still happening . ”
As the danger of a major conflagration in Syria continues to grow , the silence of the corporate media and political establishment is ominous .
The U.S. has dropped tens of thousands of bombs on Syria and sent thousands of U.S. troops to the region . Major world powers are already involved .
The Donald Trump administration threatened a dangerous escalation on June 26 when Press Secretary Sean Spicer claimed Syrian government forces were potentially planning to stage a chemical attack and Washington would make Syria pay a heavy price .
The announcement was made without a shred of evidence . Instead , there were vague claims that U.S. intelligence had “ identified potential preparations ” for a chemical attack . These were all too familiar , after the phony pretext for the invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
The White House statement was immediately followed by a Twitter statement from U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley : “ Any further attacks done to the people of Syria will be blamed on Assad , but also on Russia and Iran. ” They were expressing Washington 's frustration that despite its bombing sorties and despite pulling 10 other countries into the war , Washington 's plan for regime change has failed .
Acting on cue five days after the White House statement , a counterrevolutionary group , Failaq al-Rahman , accused the Syrian army of using chlorine gas against its fighters in battles east of Damascus . The Syrian military immediately denied these charges , calling them a fabrication .
The group making this charge is a past recipient of U.S. military aid and equipment and is affiliated with Washington 's client group , the Free Syrian Army . It claimed that more than 30 people suffered gas suffocation as a result of an attack in Ain Tarma , a suburb of Damascus , the capital .
The group , allied with al-Qaida forces , has been fighting both the Syrian government and rival opposition forces in a chaotic internecine conflict in an insurgent enclave in East Ghouta . Thousands of mortar shells and rockets have been fired from this enclave into nearby Damascus over the past few years .
Not only are counterrevolutionary factions in Syria fighting each other , but U.S. government departments are at odds . According to Fox News on June 27 , “ Several State Department officials typically involved in coordinating such announcements told the Associated Press they were caught completely off guard by the warning , which did n't appear to be discussed in advance with other national security agencies . ”
British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said the U.S. had not shared any evidence of a specific threat of a chemical weapons attack .
Media self-censorship escalates
The major corporate media gave headline coverage to the unsubstantiated charges against Syria . But questions and controversy were buried deep within the articles .
Overtly suppressed by all major corporate media in the U.S. and Britain was an exposé released June 25 , the day before the White House statement , by award-winning investigative journalist Seymour Hersh .
Hersh challenged the U.S. claim that the Syrian government had launched a sarin gas attack in April . According to Hersh , only the German publication , die WELT , was willing to publish the fact that Trump had ignored intelligence reports from U.S. agencies when they ordered a “ Tomahawk ” missile attack on the Syrian air base on April 6 .
Hersh is neither a revolutionary nor a left-wing journalist . They never attacks U.S. imperialism in general . But their carefully calibrated exposés , usually carried in major U.S. and British publications , have criticized egregious acts in U.S. wars , such as the mass murder of villagers in My Lai , Vietnam , in 1969 .
Major U.S. and British media carried their exposés on Korean Air Flight 007 in 1986 , an exposé of Israel 's nuclear arsenal in 1991 , and President Bill Clinton 's bombing of the Al-Shifa pharmaceutical factory in Sudan . In 2004 , they reported on U.S. systematic torture of hundreds of detainees at Abu Ghraib Prison in Iraq .
Hersh 's exposés and analyses have won the Pulitzer Prize , Polk Award and National Book Award . Yet they had to go to Germany to get their latest exposé published .
That none of the major U.S. or British publications would touch it shows broad ruling-class support at the highest levels for a continued and expanded U.S. war against Syria . This was also shown by the general applause from Republican and Democratic politicians as well as the corporate media when Trump launched the April 6 attack . They described them as “ presidential ” for that .
It was the first praise since the election coming from Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer and Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi .
Frustration with Syria 's success
The new charge of a “ potential ” gas attack comes amid growing U.S. frustration after years of covert efforts to overthrow the sovereign government of Syria have failed .
Aid funneled through Saudi Arabia , Turkey , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates to tens of thousands of mercenary and reactionary forces have also failed to bring down the Damascus government .
The war has displaced almost a third of the Syrian population and created millions of refugees . But the Syrian government 's success shows it benefits from the deep determination of millions of Syrians to maintain Syria as a secular and sovereign state .
In September 2014 the Obama administration began direct bombing of Syria , claiming to be targeting the so-called Islamic State group ( IS ) . The Syrian government has consistently opposed this direct military intervention and past covert intervention .
The Pentagon then pulled Britain , France , Turkey , Australia , Saudi Arabia , United Arab Emirates , Qatar , Jordan and Morocco into its air campaign . After a year of the bombings , the Syrian government appealed to Russia for air support .
Israel has also used every opportunity to bomb Syrian government forces , the latest being on July 1 .
Further provocations as millions oppose wider war
In May the U.S. military attacked Syrian ground forces near the Al Tanf Crossing on the Iraq-Syria border . The Syrians were engaged in a campaign to open the major highway to Damascus and clear the surrounding region of military saboteurs .
U.S. and British Special Forces were in the area advising and providing advanced offensive weapons to a Syrian mercenary group called the Revolutionary Commando Army . To protect these covert forces , the U.S. bombed Syrian troops using the preposterous claim of self-defense . U.S. and British Special Forces are in another country attacking soldiers of that country who had not attacked or killed any of them . How could that be self-defense ?
A U.S. jet shot down a Syrian fighter jet west of Raqqa on June 18 . General Joseph Dunford , chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , resorted to using a 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force as legal justification . The AUMF was worded to target governments and individuals who supported the Sept. 11 , 2001 , World Trade Center bombing .
The Syrian government has never attacked the U.S . It is fighting against al-Qaida and IS . Meanwhile U.S. allies such as Israel , Saudi Arabia and Turkey have aided al-Qaida and IS in Syria .
Despite wholesale media censorship and complete support from the political establishment for continuing the war on Syria — both Republicans and Democrats , from Trump to Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders — polls show millions are opposed to this war .
The movement against U.S. wars must be more confident and outspoken in mobilizing opposition .
The growing danger of a wider war forces this onto our agenda .
( VENEZUELAPHOTO : PRENSA LATINA | [ email protected ] \SANA )
( VENEZUELAPHOTO : PRENSA LATINA | [ email protected ] \SANA )
We owe much of our prosperity to oceans . As UK readers know best , easy access to the sea allows economies to trade and to grow . Shanghai , New York , Hong Kong , London , Sydney , Mumbai , the Hansa , Tokyo , San Francisco and Cape Town demonstrate the economic advantages of a good harbour . Conversely , landlocked countries ( such as Kyrgyzstan and the Central African Republic ) are poor and falling behind . Cities with deep water ports are the most fertile soil on which we can cultivate businesses , the incubators of innovation and economic growth .
We have long been told that these cities , our strongest economic and political units , are at risk from rising sea levels . Until fairly recently , hydrogeologists and climate scientists have forecast increases in sea levels by one metre by 2050 . Such estimates have worried leaders in the Maldives , but the rest of us have largely ignored sea-level changes as an important economic issue in Europe or North America . The Dutch can build bigger dams , and the Thames can be curtained off . Bloomberg has been busy redesigning the coast of New York City since Hurricane Sandy . We have assumed we could adapt .
So it is with some surprise that we read recently that these estimates have been too conservative , and that scores of cities are at far greater risk than we may have believed .
Ben Strauss from Climate Central has published a paper ( PDF ) in which they look at rising sea-level predictions and matches them to the elevation of US cities . Their paper is unique in that they have combined city-level data ( population and elevation ) with research by Anders Levermann , a professor at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research , on the rate at which sea levels are rising ( 2.3 metres per degree Celsius ) .
They predict that unless we significantly change our projected carbon emissions , 315 US cities are under threat . `` By the end of this century , if global climate emissions continue to increase , that may lock in 23 feet of sea-level rise . ''
The critical term here is , of course , `` lock in '' . Forecast levels of CO2 emissions will generate enough warming to raise the oceans seven metres . The greenhouse gases already emitted will eventually result in a rise of 1.3 metres .
Strauss ' analysis only looks at the likelihood coastal cities will be underwater . Strauss forecasts the impact of rising seas without storms . They do n't forecast the likelihood that calamitous weather events like Hurricane Sandy will cause far greater damage when the oceans have risen closer to the level of the cities , overwhelming roads , sewers , underground trains , and water systems . We can now imagine a day when storms do not merely damage coastal cities but destroy them .
They contend that by 2100 , more than 25 % of Boston , Miami , New Orleans , and Atlantic City could be underwater . The same forecast ( 23 ft or 7m by 2100 ) can be plugged into a global map of elevations and sea levels here . Such a calculation is even more alarming . Most of the globe 's economic activity is funneled through cities that will be fighting to stay above water . Imagine a world without Shanghai , Mumbai and Boston , a world in which London and New York are risky settings for markets .
A very thorough set of estimates of the impact of rising sea levels on the economies of coastal cities , Future flood losses in major coastal cities , has appeared as an advance online publication in Nature Climate Change . This study uses 20cm and 40cm increases to generate scenarios for anticipated flood losses in large coastal cities . Here 's the central message :
Average global flood losses in 2005 are estimated to be approximately US $ 6 billion per year [ in 136 coastal cities ] , increasing to US $ 52 billion by 2050 with projected socio-economic change alone . With climate change and subsidence , present protection will need to be upgraded to avoid unacceptable losses of US $ 1 trillion or more per year .
The enormously cautious IPCC has forecast of the best case of 20cm and the worst case of 100cm of sea level rise by 2100 . If alarmists are estimating seven metres of sea level rise , and the most cautious scientists are estimating 20-100 cm , there is a considerable likelihood that the US $ 1 trillion estimate of average annual losses due to flooding in coastal cities is not too high .
Given the enormous populations migrating to coastal cities , their oversize economic impact , and their anchoring of global prosperity in the businesses , markets and universities , the eventual drowning of coastal cities is an economic , social and even moral issue of the highest importance . We need the business acumen of cities like Mumbai , Guangzhou , Miami and Ho Chi Minh City to generate the innovations and the capital necessary to resolve the world 's critical problems . We can not afford to lose their economies and societies .
Last year , we saw Wall Street underwater . Climate change risks turning the globe 's centres of economic growth into Atlantis . If we want prosperity , we must save our coastal cities .
Join the community of sustainability professionals and experts . Become a GSB member to get more stories like this direct to your inbox
Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our Officer Thomas LaffertySun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site .
LOWELL -- Three federal lawsuits filed by men who claim the city and a former vice detective failed to ensure that an informant was n't planting drug evidence will proceed toward trial after a judge denied motions seeking to throw the cases out .
Jonathan Santiago , Nel Sothy , and Mihran Mosko are suing both the City of Lowell and Officer Thomas Lafferty , a former Vice detective , for allegedly violating their constitutional rights by failing to adequately vet informants .
All three men were arrested on drug charges as a result of tips provided by a confidential informant who prosecutors later determined was not reliable .
The controversy arose in 2012 when an informant for Lowell police went to state police and claimed that another Lowell police informant was planting evidence .
An investigation into the informant who was allegedly planting evidence , conducted by the Middlesex and Essex district attorneys offices , led to 17 criminal cases being thrown out .
The investigation nevertheless determined that detectives `` did not engage in any criminal wrongdoing or negligence in the performance of their duties . '' The investigation also found no evidence that detectives `` knew or should have known of their misconduct . ''
Lafferty is a 20-year veteran of the department who was awarded an exceptional service bar in 2011 , and a distinguished unit action bar in 2012 for their work with the Vice Unit . They were voluntarily reassigned from the Vice Unit to a patrol position after the controversy arose .
Advertisement
The city and Lafferty filed motions for summary judgment in the cases , claiming immunity .
U.S. District Court Judge Indira Talwani considered all three cases and the motions together . The cases were consolidated for discovery because they share similar facts and involve the same informant .
In making their ruling , Talwani reviewed evidence in the case in the light most favorable to the plaintiffs , because the defendants were moving for summary judgment .
Summary judgment is available in cases where a judge determines the plaintiffs can not prove their case even when the evidence is considered in the light most favorable to them .
City Solicitor Christine O'Connor declined to comment on the ruling since the cases are still pending , but did say the city does not intend to file a pretrial appeal . Police Superintendent William Taylor also declined comment .
Lafferty is being represented by an attorney for the patrolmen 's union . Union President Francisco Maldonado did not respond to requests for comment .
Attorney Howard Friedman , representing all three plaintiffs , said the ruling speaks for itself .
`` It essentially says we have enough evidence to go to trial , '' Friedman said .
The informant , referred to as `` FA , '' in the ruling , is a known drug dealer who first began working with Lowell police as an informant in 2001 and 2002 , according to the ruling .
In 2003 , the informant was involved with the arrest of a man who claimed the cocaine they were caught with had been planted . That man 's case ended with a hung jury .
In 2005 , the informant was arrested for allegedly trafficking cocaine . About the same time , then-Vice Unit commander Sgt . James Trudel determined the informant was unreliable , though that determination was not documented in the Police Department 's informants file , according to the ruling .
In 2006 , Assistant District Attorney Thomas O'Reilly also came to believe the informant was unreliable , according to the ruling .
In 2008 , the informant was arrested on charges they assaulted an officer . When their attorney reached out to Lowell police Lafferty told their supervisor , Lt. James Hodgdon , that the informant was reliable , according to the ruling .
In 2009 , other Vice Unit detectives made controlled buys of drugs from the informant , but Lafferty continued to use the informant 's information , according to the ruling .
All three men now suing were arrested in 2012 . Police found cocaine in locations where the informant told Lafferty it would be found . In two cases the informant had interacted with the men a short time before their arrests . In all three cases , the cocaine was determined to be of low purity .
Talwani denied Lafferty 's motion for summary judgment and claim to qualified immunity . They ruled a jury could reasonably conclude that Lafferty disregarded a known risk of evidence fabrication and arrested defendants despite that risk .
`` Plaintiffs ' evidence , if believed by a jury , may show Defendant Lafferty 's reckless indifference to evidence planting , or at least a wholesale failure to weigh the reliability of the information to provided to him , '' Talwani wrote .
Talwani noted in their ruling that a jury could reasonably conclude otherwise as well .
`` But at this juncture , the record is such that a jury is entitled to draw it 's own conclusions , precluding summary judgment , '' Talwani wrote .
Mosko also sued Capt . Barry Golner , a lieutenant in charge of the Vice Unit at the time of Mosko 's arrest and approved a search of Mosko 's vehicle .
Talwani did grant summary judgment to Golner .
`` In contrast to the evidence as to defendant Lafferty , the record includes little to show that Defendant Golner willfully turned a blind eye to FA 's potential fabrications , or had direct knowledge of Defendant Lafferty 's unjustified reliance on FA 's tips , '' Talwani wrote .
Talwani found that a jury could reasonably conclude that the city showed deliberate indifference to obvious consequences when it enacted a policy to supervise informants , but then failed to enforce the policy .
The judge found that Kenneth Lavallee , police superintendent at the time , was potentially aware that the policy was n't being enforced .
`` In addition , the cavalier or simply non-existent enforcement of safeguards meant to protect against risks inherent to confidential informants , as described by Plaintiffs , may have been so extensive that a jury could conclude it occurred with Superintendent Lavallee 's blessing , '' Talwani wrote .
Lavallee took issue with the judge 's characterization when contacted for comment .
`` Any assertion that a policy was n't being enforced and that I was aware of that is completely untrue , '' Lavallee said . `` It would be my steadfast position that policies would be enforced in the Lowell Police Department and no policy would go unenforced with my knowledge . Any assertion to the contrary , I believe , is pure supposition on the part of the judge . ''
All three cases are scheduled for a pretrial hearing on Tuesday .
Follow Robert Mills on Twitter and Tout @ Robert_Mills .
FOR Fostin Nshimirimana it was kill or be killed to survive as a child soldier .
Mr Nshimirimana , who grew up in the African country of Burundi , was recruited by the armed opposition at the age of four .
They were separated from their mother and brothers to join the rebels alongside their father .
Children in Burundi were often recruited by the National Liberation Front as child combatants .
But their life changed forever when they were reunited with their family in Australia seven years ago .
The 20-year-old has come a long way since their harrowing childhood where they used hip-hop song and dance to escape from the fear that stifled­ them daily .
Their passion for music led them to join the RAP3012 program in 2011 where newly arrived youths write , record and perform their own hip-hop songs .
The program is run by Good Shepherd and the Migrant Resource Centre North West as part of the State Government 's Engage ! program .
Mr Nshimirimana , from Seddon , now often facilitates and mentors the group when the professional hip hop artist is away .
They said music had always been a great escape and form of self-expression .
Mr Nshimirimana is featured in the new book , Inspiring Stories by Young Victorians , which shares the personal stories of more than 60 youths who participated in State Government programs this year .
Details : youthcentral.vic.gov.au
As Halloween approaches it can be easy to get caught up in the spooky side of the holiday . But Halloween can be equally adorable and tons of fun . One of my favorite things on Halloween is seeing not only kids but also pets dressed up to celebrate .
Whether you 're looking for costume ideas for your own pet this year or you just want to check out some cute furballs all dressed up , here 's a photostream you might enjoy . It features dogs and cats looking cute as ever in their Halloween costumes .
Dogs in Costumes
Cats in Costumes
Which was your favorite pet Halloween costume ? Do you dress your pets up for the holiday ? If so , what will they be dressed as this year ? Feel free to tell us about your pet 's cutest Halloween costume or share links to photos of them in the comments below .
Advertisement Travis AFB security incident a false alarm Employee reported hearing a gunshot before base lockdown , officials say Share Shares Copy Link Copy
The security incident at Travis Air Force Base was a false alarm , base officials said Wednesday afternoon.There was a planned security drill at the base earlier in the day . Col. John Klein saidpeople were on high alert after an employee reported hearing a gunshot outside the base exchange . `` We think it was derived from essentially a heightened sense of awareness based on , number one , the exercise and actually some of the incidents that have happened around the country in the last few days , '' they explained.The report forced the base to lock down around 3:30 p.m. Officials posted on Facebook that the Air Force Base was responding to a `` real world security incident . '' Those on the base were told to lock doors and windows , according to the base 's official Twitter account . The public was asked to stay away from the base to ensure emergency responders could respond accordingly . `` In an incident like this , we do n't have time to corroborate the information before we respond so that we ensure the safety of all our base personnel , '' Klein said.Initially , the main gates to the base were closed , stopping people from coming onto the base and leaving the base , Fairfield police said . `` The doors and the window started closing and they call out shelter in place , ” base employee , Sue said . `` It was a little nerve-racking . `` The Air Force Base planned to simulate a `` security incident '' on base on Wednesday and Thursday . However , the base 's official Facebook account posted that `` the current security incident is not associated with the scheduled base exercise . `` After lifting the lock down around 4:50 p.m. , Travis Air Force Base posted on Facebook , `` Travis Air Force Base emergency personnel responded to reports of gun shots at the Base Exchange . However , it was determined to be a false alarm . The base is no longer under lockdown . We take every security incident seriously . `` `` Travis is doing their job , you know I appreciate what they did to try to keep everybody safe , '' base employee , Carol Holliday said . `` I do n't fault them for that . `` There was a patient who needed care off the base . The person was transported by ambulance to the hospital , but it was not related to the lockdown .
# SethRich – Hannity , Judicial Watch , Rush Limbaugh , and WND outed Donna Brazille # SethRichCoverup Posted by Jenny Hatch on May 23 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
Today 's brigade forecast shows moderate showers at Be advised that a 400lbs -And now , Hannity. # FunniestMemeEVER https : //t.co/9aHNsdWS9v — Jenny Marie ( @ JennyHatch ) May 23 , 2017
RUSH : 'Loved And Adored ' Kim Dotcom Claims Seth Rich Murder Was A 'Contract Murder @ JennyHatch https : //t.co/9Xuk9efTRZ — Jenny Marie ( @ JennyHatch ) May 23 , 2017
Bombshell : Donna Brazile warned off private eye on Seth Rich murder @ JennyHatch cops why investigator is 'snooping ' https : //t.co/j4WvrBx3hb — Jenny Marie ( @ JennyHatch ) May 23 , 2017
Democrats : No Evidence of Trump Collusion Exists @ JennyHatch https : //t.co/63nDI4nO5f — Jenny Marie ( @ JennyHatch ) May 23 , 2017
Sean Hannity
As the liberal left continues its desperate witch-hunt against Donald Trump and their presidency , let 's not forget that it was democratic leaders THEMSELVES that confirmed there was n't a single-shred of evidence connecting the Trump campaign to Russia .
Alt-left activists and lawmakers have been calling for the President 's impeachment since their inauguration last January . Their main reason : collusion .
The only problem is that not a single member of Congress has seen anything implicating the Trump team worked with Russia , and they know it .
“ We did not include any evidence in our report –and I say our that 's NSA , FBI , and CIA with my office , the director of national intelligence- that had any reflection of collusion between members of the Trump campaign and the Russians , there was no evidence of that included in our report , ” said the former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper .
“ Have you see anything in either intelligence briefings , anything , to back up any of the accusations that you 've made ? ” a reporter asked Maxine Waters . “ No we have not , ” they responded .
“ There 's an awful lot of smoke there , let 's put it that way , ” said Democratic Senator Joe Manchin . “ People that might have said they were involved , to what extent they were involved , to what extent the president might have known about these people or whatever , there is nothing there from that standpoint that we have seen directly linking our president to any of that . ”
Watch democratic leaders CONFIRM they have ZERO evidence above .
Judicial Watch is all over the # SethRich case and has requested all docs . pic.twitter.com/Bu77jECXHh — Kelly ( @ KLSouth ) May 22 , 2017
# SethRich was trending for hours earlier today , at number 1 for several . Five hours ago it slid off . Less discussion ? # SethRichCoverUp pic.twitter.com/B9imAdyQkR — Matthew ( @ thankman360 ) May 17 , 2017
John Podesta is lashing out because they know the end is near . That 's what criminals do . John Podesta Unloads # SethRich Kim Dotcom pic.twitter.com/MZGiYM3FhV — Patrick Henry ( @ FightNowAmerica ) May 22 , 2017
@ BenjaminPDixon I 'm a nobody , & I 'M doing more investigation than anyone in the # CorruptMedia ! Wan na know who murdered # SethRich ? Ask DonnaBrazile ! pic.twitter.com/sbP0VqsdFx — Highcentered ( @ Highcentered ) May 23 , 2017
A kindergarten teacher in Arizona is facing 26 counts of indecent exposure and one count of child abuse after they stripped off the shirt of a developmentally-delayed 6-year-old girl in a crowded classroom .
Police arrested Adams Elementary School teacher Thomas Washburn last Wednesday . According to police , the female student became agitated when the classroom they were in began to fill up . To relieve their anxiety , they pulled the neck of their shirt over their head in order to hide them face .
Officers claim that Washburn told them to “ take their face out of their shirt ” multiple times , and when they steadfastly refused to do so , they removed their shirt . They sat in front of their classmates , naked from the waist up , for about 10 minutes before they began crying .
At that point , Washburn returned the shirt to them When their parents arrived , Washburn informed them of what they had done . Them mother immediately contacted the school 's principal , who then called the police .
They were initially charged with one count of child abuse and one of indecent exposure , but the next day , authorities filed an additional 25 counts of indecent exposure , one for each child present in the room at the time .
The Mesa Public School district offered the following statement last Thursday : “ Thomas Washburn has been placed on paid administrative leave and is assigned to home . The district will use the police findings as the basis for any future employment action against Washburn . Our first priority is the safety and security of our students . Mesa Police Department is leading the investigation , and we are working cooperatively with them . ”
Watch a report from ABC15 below .
Uyaquq ( also Uyaquk or Uyakoq ; sometimes referred to in English as Helper Neck ) ( ca . 1860–1924 ) was a member of the Yupik native American group who became a Helper in the Moravian Church , noted for their linguistic genius . They went from being an illiterate adult to inventing a series of writing systems for their native language and then producing translations of the Bible and other religious works in a period of five years . [ 1 ]
Uyaquq was born into a family of shamans in the lower Kuskokwim River valley of central Alaska in the mid-1860s . [ 2 ] Even by the standards of the day , Uyaquk was a small man . They became a shaman in early adulthood , but converted to Christianity after their father converted . Although their father became a Russian Orthodox , Uyaquk became a leader and missionary in the Alaskan Moravian Church . Their name means `` Neck '' [ 3 ] in English and they were called that by some English speakers .
As a missionary , Uyaquq is said to have converted whole villages of Yupik in the lower Kuskokwim River valley to Christianity . They are said [ by whom ? ] to have had a gentle personality and have been a very erudite speaker .
Uyaquq was fascinated by the idea that the English-speaking Moravians could quote a passage of scripture several times using exactly the same words each time . They discovered that they accomplished this by reading from a written text . Uyaquk became fascinated with the idea of writing and , according to their descendants , received the idea for the first version of the script they used to write their dialect , Yugtun , in a dream .
Reverend John Hinz , a Moravian missionary in Alaska , and an accomplished linguist , was astonished upon hearing of Uyaquq 's invention . [ citation needed ] Hinz took Uyaquq to the Bethel mission house so that they could continue their linguistic work . Uyaquq is said to have written constantly during the trip , writing as many stories from the Bible as they could in the new script without stopping to sleep . Hinz and the Kilbucks aided Uyaquq by telling them scriptures , but Uyaquq refused to learn to read or write English , as they thought that English literacy would make them lose their identity as a Yupik .
In the next five years , Uyaquq 's Yugtun script evolved from its original form of pictographs to a syllabary . This evolution began when Uyaquq decided that their hieroglyphics were a good memory aid but they did not represent passages with enough accuracy that they could be reproduced verbatim time after time . Uyaquq identified the concept of a syllable and their script evolved in five stages until they had created a symbol for each syllable in the language . Each of the five steps was documented in several notebooks kept by Uyaquq . They taught their writing system to several of their missionary helpers and they used it in their church work .
Although the system adopted by most people for writing Yupik was the Roman-based script of Reverend Hinz , and , in about 1970 , the University of Alaska system , Uyaquq 's system has been studied because it may represent the same process of evolution from illiteracy to proto-writing to syllabary taken by many ancient written languages , like Chinese and Egyptian , but compressed into a period of five years . Uyaquq 's notebooks and the writings of those who watched them at work have been the subject of research , beginning with Dr. Alfred Schmitt in the 1930s . [ 4 ]
NASHVILLE , Tenn. — More than five years after U.S. governors began a bipartisan effort to set new standards in American schools , the Common Core initiative has morphed into a political tempest fueling division among Republicans .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce leads establishment voices — such as possible presidential contender Jeb Bush — who hail the standards as a way to improve student performance and , over the long term , competitiveness of American workers .
Many archconservatives — tea party heroes Rand Paul and Ted Cruz among them — decry the system as a top-down takeover of local schools . The standards were developed and are being implemented by states , though Common Core opponents argue that President Barack Obama 's administration has encouraged adoption of the standards by various parameters it set for states applying to get lucrative federal education grants .
Tea party-aligned officials and candidates want to delay the standards or abandon them altogether in at least a dozen of the 45 states that adopted some part of the guidelines . Indiana lawmakers approved a repeal that now awaits a decision from Gov . Mike Pence .
“ Common Core is like Obamacare : They passed it before they knew what was in it , ” said William Evers , a Hoover Institute research fellow and lead author of a California Republican Party resolution denouncing Common Core .
To a lesser extent , Democrats must deal with some teachers — their unions hold strong influence within the party — who are upset about implementation details . But it 's the internal GOP debate that 's on display in statehouses , across 2014 campaigns and among 2016 presidential contenders .
The flap continues as students in 36 states and the District of Columbia begin this week taking field tests of new assessments based on the standards , although the real tests wo n't be given for another year .
Paul , a Republican senator from Kentucky , has joined seven colleagues , including Texas ' Cruz , to sponsor a measure that would bar federal financing of any Common Core component . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio is n't among the eight , but they had already come out against the standards . So has Rick Santorum , a 2012 presidential candidate mulling another run .
On the other end of the spectrum is Bush , the former Florida governor and Rubio 's mentor . “ This is a real-world , grown-up approach to a real crisis that we have , and it 's been mired in politics , ” Bush said last week in Tennessee , where they joined Republican Gov . Bill Haslam at an event to promote Common Core .
Haslam , who is running for re-election this year , is trying to beat back a repeal effort in the Tennessee legislature . “ These are simply guidelines that say a fourth grader should be learning the same things ” regardless of where the student lives , the governor said recently . “ Historically , we have n't been good at setting high standards . ”
The National Governors Association and state education superintendents developed Common Core . Among other things , the framework recommends when students should master certain skills . For example , by the end of fifth grade , a math student should be able to graph and solve complex problems by plotting points on x and y axes . A high school sophomore should be able to analyze text or make written arguments using valid logical reasoning and sufficient evidence .
The issue presents a delicate balancing act for some governors . Bobby Jindal 's Louisiana and Scott Walker 's Wisconsin initially adopted the new standards . Now both men — possible presidential candidates — must watch as GOP lawmakers in their states push anti-Common Core bills . Jindal , who was an NGA member during Common Core 's development , told the Baton Rouge Press Club earlier this year that he 's “ absolutely for rigorous standards ” but “ absolutely against any kind of federal takeover. ” Before Wisconsin lawmakers convened , Walker announced support for rethinking Common Core . In both states , however , the anti-Common Core legislation appears stalled , as neither governor has made repeal a priority .
Establishment Republicans in Georgia , meanwhile , derailed a repeal effort in favor of a “ study commission ” empowered only to make recommendations . Alabama GOP leaders have held off a repeal measure , as well .
Immediate political consequences of the disputes are n't clear . GOP officials and strategists say any fallout for them is dwarfed by Democrats ' struggle with Obama 's health care law . In the meantime , conservative candidates use Common Core as a symbolic rallying cry .
Tennessee state Rep. Joe Carr , a long-shot primary challenger to Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander , insists Common Core “ is just one more overreach of a federal government that wants to insert itself into everything. ” An Alabama congressional hopeful , Scott Beason , casts Common Core as liberal indoctrination . In Georgia 's crowded Republican U.S. Senate primary , Rep. Paul Broun declared in a recent debate , “ I want to abolish the Department of Education and get rid of Common Core forever. ” Their first goal would n't necessarily accomplish the second .
The arguments perplex the politicians most responsible for the plan .
Democrat Jack Markell , Delaware 's second-term governor , told the Associated Press that opponents mistakenly equate a coalition from across the nation with a federal government initiative . Markell co-chaired NGA 's Common Core panel with Republican Sonny Perdue of Georgia .
Perdue , who left office in 2011 , said Common Core actually began as a pushback against federal influence because of the No Child Left Behind law , the national education act signed by President George W. Bush . Perdue said it was “ embarrassing ” for governors of both parties that Congress and the White House pushed higher standards before state leaders .
Perdue attributes the outcry against Common Core to Obama 's backing : “ There is enough paranoia coming out of Washington , I can understand how some people would believe these rumors of a ‘ federal takeover , ' try as you might to persuade people otherwise . I almost think it was detrimental … for the president to endorse it . ”
Evers , the Hoover Institute fellow who was also a top Education Department appointee during the Bush administration , says it 's unfair to reduce opponents ' concerns to partisanship . They note insufficient training for teachers expected to use new teaching methods , and they criticize specific components . For example , some math courses are recommended for later grade levels than in standards already adopted in leading states like Massachusetts and California .
States move forward , Evers argued , because of competition . “ It 's by emulation and rivalry that we have always seen advances in public education , ” they said . National standards , they added , “ will close the door on innovation . ”
Create Animations & Transitions Visually for iOS in Minutes without knowing how to write code
Exports to Native Objective-C Code
Creating iOS Animations and Transitions can be fiddly , time-consuming and hard work
Flux allows you to create animations and transitions visually , no code to write , save time , even ask someone else to do it for you !
Visual - Layout your design in the Editor Fast - Changes can be seen instantly Export - Creates working Xcode projects
Buy now $ 4.99
You can now download a Trial version here Download Trial
The trial version has some restrictions Unable to save
The application will automatically close after 2 hours of use .
You can not change the size of the screen , it 's locked to 320x568
Videos
If Flux does n't save you time or make your life easier , I will give you a full refund . * If you purchased through the App Store and want a refund , you must go through Apples refund process .
If you 're interested in this app and would like to join the newsletter , please enter your email in the box below and press the button !
License
nthState LTD can not be held responsible for any bad things that happen if you use the software .
New person in 2018 : The year 2017 has ended . We are all wishing for life improvement in 2018 , to be better people than we were last year . It is a good resolution to aim towards betterment and success for ourselves and others as well . But , we can only become better persons by going by certain life principles . We can not lie anyhow and still feel better .
So , in this post of doforsuccess.com , we are going to identify the things that will help you to be a new person in 2018 . Let 's get into it .
Stop the bad habit :
We carelessly live our lives everyday , making wrong decisions that negatively affected us in 2017 . There are habits we put up and they painted a bad picture of us to our family , friends , strangers , and the world at large . If you realized and knew deep in yourself that you were in any habit that did not yield a positive change in your life in 2017 , this is the time to end it . The bad habit could be addiction , envy , selfishness , greedy , disrespectful and arrogance . Do n't take it into 2018 . Because you are for new person in 2018 .
Have a year resolution :
2017 had twelve months like any other year . And you have spent all the days in the year . Get yourself a private chamber and reminisce what you went through the whole year of 2017 . Compare your loses to your wins and find out whether you really benefited from 2017 apart from the life you are enjoying . You will then see that , there are changes in your life that needs to be done . It is good that you have notice your mistakes . The only possible way to make amendments is to have a year resolution for 2018 . Think positive , plan for the best , and advice yourself for a prosperous new year to come . It 's all about new person in 2018
Aim towards success :
You have doubted yourself quiet long , it is time to take the bold step to get into the “ living good ” club . The world is there for all of us to benefit . So count yourself among those who are determined to be successful . For this to come through , you need to know Why the need to push on to your dreams
Put your plans into action :
You can not sit idle and expect to be successful . The only thing that will make your dreams and resolutions for 2018 come through is acting on your goals . I believe you know the parable of the ant . It plans for the future hence , gathers food in it comfort zones to live a better life in hard times of the future . Broaden your horizon and be wise because , you are to be a new person in 2018 .
Do n't forget your belief :
We all have something supernatural we entrust our spiritual self into . You may be a Christian , do n't forget God , a Buddhist , do n't forget Buddha , a Muslim , do n't forget Allah . So long as the world continue to exist , and humans believe there are other higher spiritual forces than humanity , you are lucky to have your belief in one . Continue to pray to your spiritual helper and surely , 2018 will be a success .
Doforsuccess.com whishes you a Merry Christmas !
Emory Douglas : My daughter 's mother worked with me designing for The Black Panther newspaper . There was also Tarika Lewis , who was the first artist that worked with me on the newspaper as an artist . And then there were many other women who contributed to the production of the newspaper . The women depicted in my artwork are a reflection of the party . Women went to jail and were in leadership roles . Women started chapters and branches of the Black Panther Party as well . When we used to read some of the stories , you would see women in the Vietnam and Palestine struggle and in the African liberation movement . Women were an integral part of those movements so all that played into how I expressed them in my own artwork .
Fahamu Pecou : In my own work , I am often working from a position of changing the perspective that we as black people have about what we can do with our bodies , and what kind of power we actually possess . So , trying to move ourselves from a perception of ourselves as being victimized and rather seeing ourselves as being empowered , and being capable of making the changes that we want to see . And I think that that takes a great deal of work , to change the way people see themselves . When we have various atrocities that happen within the black community and to the black community , and we continue to survive , we continue to thrive — it brings you a reflection of the power that 's deep within us . So I 'm interested in that idea : that we can change the way we move in the world by changing the way we think about and see ourselves in this society .
Jordan Casteel : Emory was working toward getting people information through their visual language , and that necessity was much more pungent at that time . Now information can just be turned over immediately . You can take a photograph , upload it to Instagram or Facebook and say , “ This happened. ” Then all of a sudden on social media , we are all chiming in to a visual language and trying to take a stance . Using graphic design and graphic imagery as a way to take a stance behind something is still a part of my generation .
Panther Kids
The two men arrested in last month 's slaying of transgender woman Keyonna Blakeney have been scheduled for a preliminary hearing on June 10 at 10 a.m. at Montgomery County District Court .
Keith Renier , 21 , and Arbra Bethea , 17 , both of Southeast Washington , were arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder , armed robbery , conspiracy to commit first-degree murder , and conspiracy to commit armed robbery . Bethea , despite being under 18 , is being charged as an adult . The two men appeared in court earlier this week and were ordered held without bond as they await trial .
When the men appeared in court , prosecutors asserted that Bethea had arranged to meet with Blakeney under the guise of a date , while they and Renier planned to rob her , The Washington Post reports . According to court documents , once the men were inside Blakeney 's hotel room , the planned robbery led to a struggle , with Blakeney being stabbed multiple times . They later died of their injuries , only being found by cleaning staff the next morning .
Prosecutors say that when Bethea was questioned about the murder , they pointed the finger at Renier , claiming their older co-conspirator was the one who actually stabbed Blakeney during the altercation . The Post reports that Renier was previously arrested in February in the District of Columbia for brandishing a knife on a Metro platform , after getting into an altercation with a woman they knew . They later pleaded guilty in that case in April , and was sentenced to a year of probation and ordered to take anger management classes .
Two-year-old Shepard Restaurant & Bar in Cambridge is known for its smoke-flavored foods .
Cambridge health officials have ordered the owners of Shepard Restaurant & Bar in Cambridge to immediately stop using charcoal and wood for cooking following complaints from neighbors that smoke was seeping into their homes and affecting their health .
In a decision released Monday , Cambridge health commissioner Patrick Wardell said the restaurant 's use of wood and charcoal as a cooking source and the smoke and odors emanating from its exhaust stack “ have caused a condition of nuisance which is injurious to the public health . ”
Wardell acknowledged that Shepard 's owners , Rene Becker and Susan Regis , have tried to mitigate the problem — including by installing a vent scrubber system to filter particulates — but that the smoke is still an issue .
Advertisement
“ Smoke and odors from the restaurant continue to enter into the neighbors ' homes , causing or exacerbating the health problems of several neighbors , ” Wardell said in the decision .
Get Talking Points in your inbox : An afternoon recap of the day 's most important business news , delivered weekdays . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Becker said Monday that they are waiting to hear back from their attorney and declined to comment on their next steps . In the meantime , Shepard will be open as usual , but the food will be cooked with gas .
“ We 'll have delicious food to serve , ” Becker said . “ It 'll be business as usual . ”
Shepard opened two years ago in the spot long occupied by French restaurant Chez Henri . It 's gained a devoted following and earned accolades for its food , much of which is infused with flavors from its signature wood-fired oven and grill .
But a group of Shepard Street residents have complained that smoke exhaust has been a problem since the beginning , forcing some to keep their windows closed at all times . One couple who lived next door to the restaurant said they accelerated up a planned move from the neighborhood because of the smoke .
Advertisement
Becker and Regis responded to the complaints by changing the type of wood they burn to one that produces less smoke , more frequently substituted charcoal for wood , and spent more than $ 100,000 on equipment to reduce the smoke coming from its vents .
Becker has previously said that being barred from cooking with wood could force the restaurant 's closing .
Last fall , Cambridge city councilors discussed forbidding restaurants from using wood-fired ovens and grills . That drew sharp criticism from restaurateurs , including chef Andy Husbands , of the Smoke Shop BBQ in Kendall Square , and Tom Brush , co-owner of Felipe 's Taqueria in Harvard Square . They told officials that a ban on wood , or a mandate to use expensive scrubbers , would create a crushing financial burden for some restaurants .
Katheleen Conti can be reached at kconti @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ GlobeKConti
NEW ORLEANS - The Sun Belt Conference launched the new SunBeltSports.org on Thursday .
The new site brandishes a clean , refreshed look with a focus on mobile-friendly viewing and easier access to on demand digital content . The new design provides visitors a simplified interface with a greater emphasis on imagery and social interactions . Visitors will continue to enjoy easy access to many of the popular areas of the site such as standings , statistics , schedules and scores .
The redesigned site features new areas for social interactions , or the # FunBelt Wall , which displays the league 's social media accounts as well as the institutional membership . In addition , larger calendar and standings areas make it easier for visitors to see upcoming contests around the Sun Belt Conference and up to the minute standings .
A live scoreboard will provide fans with up-to-the-moment scores for many Sun Belt sports .
With a new responsive design , visitors can access SunBeltSports.org from any device and the site will remain consistent and adapt to the screen in which they are viewing .
Lucky Slime - Oooh shiny ! ( not where to find them ) [ edit | edit source ]
`` Lucky Slimes are strange a variant of Tabby Slimes that seem to have a fascination with shiny objects , particularly newbuck coins . A Lucky Slime gobbles up any coin it can find , giving it a distinct jingling sound as they move about . However , coins do n't make for a balanced diet and a Lucky Slime will still greedily devour meat of any kind . In doing so , its body bursts into a shower of newbucks , having little room in its slimy tummy . This burst often sends the lucky slime flying into the air .
Upon detecting a rancher , the Lucky Slime will make a hasty retreat . No known rancher has ever been skillful , or perhaps lucky enough , to capture one of these slippery slimes . '' Excerpt from Lucky Slimes in Slime Rancher
The Lucky Slime , as stated above can not be captured and will disappear in about 5-10 seconds after being discovered . They are as rare as a Golden Slime , possibly even more so .
Feeding them meat sends them in the air , giving you about 40-100 newbucks . Not a large amount but you can say you found one .
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
I can see why Cheikhou Kouyate has already been likened to Patrick Vieira —just look at their size and the way they move .
I thought they were our man-of-the-match against Tottenham last week and I , for one , would be delighted if they came close to emulating Patrick 's consistent level of performance .
It was a brilliant debut and one which you do n't see too often in the Premier League . Normally , when players first come here from abroad , they 're shouting for pure oxygen because they struggle to cope with the sheer intensity of our game .
Apart from right at the end against Spurs , when they did go down for a rest after yet another run , their fitness was superb — and infectious because the rest of the players will be saying to themselves : “ Come on , I 've got to get up there with him . ”
They 're not going to want to be shown up by the new kid on the block and that 's very encouraging for me , not only from their point of view but because of what they will drag out of the rest of the ­players .
Enner Valencia also showed us a glimpse of what they can do when they came on and remember he 's come from Mexico , where they play in the best league in Central and South America because they are paid better than anywhere else in the region .
Not so experienced but possessing raw talent is Diafra Sakho . He 's an exciting player who has scored prolifically in leagues three and two in France and was about to play in their top league before deciding to come here .
Whether we can convert that raw talent into something fruitful in year one in the Premier League is something on which we will be working hard . What we do n't want to do is force things , to put too much pressure on him , otherwise the opposite will happen .
So altogether , as we say these days , the key performance ­indicators — or KPIs since we are obsessed with abbreviating everything these days — are looking good .
You hope that they will make that transition but not everyone can handle that pressure , especially up front .
Modibo Maiga struggled last season , while I can remember buying Jared Borgetti for Bolton , who had the best scoring record in Mexico 's history but could n't replicate that sort of form over here .
West Ham 's summer signings 6 show all West Ham 's summer signings 1/6 Aaron Cresswell : Left back The former Ipswich defender represent a shrewd piece of business by the East Londoners , and could represent their best buy of the window . Capable of attacking with aplomb , Cresswell will offer their side an extra outlet . Their gifted left peg makes them an exciting set-piece taker . Getty 2/6 Enner Valencia : Striker Scored three goals in three matches for Ecudaor at the World Cup finals this summer , and represents an upgrade on strikers Carlton Cole and Modibo Maiga . Getty 3/6 Cheikhou Kouyate : Central midfield The 6ft 3 ' midfeild general will certainly strengthen Allardyce 's core , but the Senegal international will take time to adapt from the Belgian Jupiler League . Getty 4/6 Carl Jenkinson : Right back Signed on a season-long loan from Arsenal , Jenkinson will show themselves to be a better player at West Ham than they were able to do at Arsenal . Their ability to attack down the right flank will be vast improvement on Guy Demel , and the Hammers fans should take to him . West Ham united 5/6 Mauro Zarate : Striker Since their fleeting spell with Birmingham City six years ago , the Argentine has spent time in Italy with Lazio before moving to Inter Milan . They arrive at Upton Park from Argentina , having scored 18 goals in 28 matches for Velez Sarsfield . 6/6 Diego Poyet : Central midfield Family name exceeds the player here , and the former Charlton man will need time to settle in the Premier League before comparisons should be made with their dad , Gus . 1/6 Aaron Cresswell : Left back The former Ipswich defender represent a shrewd piece of business by the East Londoners , and could represent their best buy of the window . Capable of attacking with aplomb , Cresswell will offer their side an extra outlet . Their gifted left peg makes them an exciting set-piece taker . Getty 2/6 Enner Valencia : Striker Scored three goals in three matches for Ecudaor at the World Cup finals this summer , and represents an upgrade on strikers Carlton Cole and Modibo Maiga . Getty 3/6 Cheikhou Kouyate : Central midfield The 6ft 3 ' midfeild general will certainly strengthen Allardyce 's core , but the Senegal international will take time to adapt from the Belgian Jupiler League . Getty 4/6 Carl Jenkinson : Right back Signed on a season-long loan from Arsenal , Jenkinson will show themselves to be a better player at West Ham than they were able to do at Arsenal . Their ability to attack down the right flank will be vast improvement on Guy Demel , and the Hammers fans should take to him . West Ham united 5/6 Mauro Zarate : Striker Since their fleeting spell with Birmingham City six years ago , the Argentine has spent time in Italy with Lazio before moving to Inter Milan . They arrive at Upton Park from Argentina , having scored 18 goals in 28 matches for Velez Sarsfield . 6/6 Diego Poyet : Central midfield Family name exceeds the player here , and the former Charlton man will need time to settle in the Premier League before comparisons should be made with their dad , Gus .
Defeat is still festering
People have asked me how I felt after our opening day defeat by Tottenham . I was going to say deep depression but that is inappropriate .
Real depression is a massive problem which we do n't seem to deal with as well as we should in this country .
I did feel profound disappointment after the game — and probably still do . It might not show in my demeanour but deep down the defeat is still ­festering .
It was a massive opportunity for us to make an outstanding start and take a deserved three points . At the worst we should have respected the point .
The warning bells have been ringing loud in my ears ever since . It was reminiscent of last season , playing well at times , better than the opposition , creating chances but not getting at least a point .
I have to hope that , like me , the players will heed that warning , lock it away and use it as extra motivation in the future .
Remember we were playing against a team who are looking to finish in the top four , who had a player on the pitch worth £30million and another on the bench who cost £26m .
After the first 10 minutes we matched them , when it was 11 versus 11 and before they had a man sent off . For me then , there was no doubt , under current rules , that it was a penalty and a red card .
We 're very , very close ; we just have to improve our conversion rate .
Caretaker Keith 's a good fit at Selhurst but it 's a shame they wo n't get the job
With the manager 's position at Crystal Palace still not settled , Keith Millen will be in temporary charge when we go to Selhurst Park tomorrow .
Keith has done it before , they know the club and Steve Parish , the Palace co-chairperson trusts him . The players also respect them and maybe quite a lot of them would want them to get the job , which would be good for them .
I 'm not sure , having listened to Steve Parish , that they will go down that route though because they have said they want someone with definite Premier League experience , either as a manager or player .
All I would say to that is that playing for a Premier League club has absolutely no relevance when it comes to managing one .
The best route these days is to get your team promoted . Very rarely now do clubs dip down into the lower divisions to find a manager .
It remains an opportunity for Keith , though . I was caretaker manager at Preston for about three months . My old mate Les Chapman was manager but they found it difficult and the board made a change .
I was youth coach at the time , reserve team manager , groundsman , physio , painter , bottle-washer , you name it , I did it .
I was happy to step in at the time and help guide Preston out of the danger zone . I was really disappointed when they did n't give me the job , particularly having been a player there plus the relationship I had with the board but they appointed John Beck and Gary Peters .
I went back to youth team coach and had to be patient — wait for my opportunity . In the end , I went to Blackpool . I might have been 14th choice at the time but I got there in the end .
It 's not often , at the top level , that the caretaker manager is promoted to manager . It 's happened at Swansea , with Garry Monk , and Chris Hughton made the transition as well . They will have both discovered that you need a completely different set of skills if you progress from coach to manager .
I 'm glad my wife has given me a history lesson
On Tuesday we take on Sheffield United in the Capital One Cup and if I did n't know the history between the clubs , my wife has filled me in after researching it all .
My focus will be picking a team to win because that is very important irrespective of the opposition .
If I 'm struggling for central defenders , there is no chance I can take risks in the Capital One Cup . We will make a judgement after the Palace game tomorrow . There are players who may come back for that game — Matt Jarvis is one while Enner Valencia , Diafra Sakho , Mauro Zarate and Diego Poyet are champing at the bit .
The fourth sexual orientation : One per cent of the population now considers themselves asexual
Leading academic says sexualisation of our culture has turned some into 'asexuals ' with no feelings of attraction
Fourth orientation : Experts believe up to 70 million people worldwide have no feelings of sexual attraction at all
Around one per cent of the world 's population are 'asexuals ' who feel no sexual attraction at all , experts have claimed .
A leading academic has suggested that the sexualisation of our culture has turned people off sexual feelings , to the extent that millions do not have physical attraction to others at all .
Claims that one per cent of the world 's population are asexual would mean that 70 million people on Earth feel no sexual attraction .
A book to be published next month even suggests that the growing number of asexuals should be classed as a 'fourth sexual orientation ' .
Professor Anthony Bogaert believes that asexuals are 'under-studied ' and that they can feel excluded from our 'very sexualised culture ' .
Experts say a certain number of asexuals may have always existed but are only now starting to 'come out ' as society becomes more liberal .
Professor Bogaert said society can place expectations on both sexual and asexual people .
They define asexuality as a complete lack of sexual attraction .
Prof Bogaert , an associate professor at Brock University in Canada , said : 'There are two forms : people who have some level of sex drive , but do n't direct this drive toward others ( so they may masturbate ) ; and other people who have no sex drive whatsoever . '
In 2004 , Prof Bogaert analysed the responses of 18,000 people in the UK to a 1994 survey on sexual attraction .
They found that one per cent agreed with the statement : ' I have never felt sexually attracted to anyone at all . '
Claim : Professor Anthony Bogaert believes that asexuals are 'under-studied '
Their book to be published next month , Understanding Asexuality , analyses asexuality further , arguing that greater numbers of people now consider themselves 'asexual ' .
Joshua Hatton , 23 , a language student from Birmingham , told the Independent on Sunday : 'Three years ago , I came across asexuality – it explained everything .
' I no longer had to lie to myself . Young men are expected to have some sort of casual sex ; it 's all around . Now I feel more comfortable . '
Some asexuals may have extremely low sex drives but others have normal sex drives and are simply not attracted to others , according to a previous New Scientist report .
Bachelor in Paradise was suspended after producers allegedly filmed DeMario Jackson in a drunk sexual encounter with a female contestant who may have been too intoxicated to consent , two sources tell PEOPLE .
“ The show absolutely values the primacy of consent , and this instance it appears as though conduct allegedly occurred without the proper consent having been given , ” a source within the show says .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
Officials announced Sunday that they have suspended production on season four and are conducting a “ thorough investigation ” into the incident .
Sources connected to Jackson told TMZ that one of the story lines on season four of BiP would be Jackson and the contestant hooking up . The source told TMZ that “ everything was fine ” after the drunken sexual encounter and that Jackson and the woman continued to get along .
One contestant on the show tells PEOPLE that two other cast members saw the interaction , which occurred after both Jackson and the woman involved had reportedly been drinking all day . The source adds that the contestants are upset that crew members did not do more to stop the incident .
Craig Sjodin/ABC
“ People are pissed , and not just at DeMario . We 're pissed that this whole thing happened , ” the contestant says . “ They could have seen that they were drinking too much and that they were taking advantage . They could have stopped this before it got this far . But they decided to let it go , and let it happen , and see what happened ? So , I 'm angry at the show , and everyone else is too . ”
A source told Entertainment Tonight that the cast members had been “ drinking all day ” after arriving in Mexico when DeMario and the woman allegedly got close .
“ DeMario was in the pool , ” the source reportedly said . “ Next thing you know , [ the woman ] comes over and hops on their lap . They start talking and joking . ”
According to a source close to production , “ It 's just an internal investigation . ”
“ There are no authorities involved , no law enforcement but the incident was flagged internally and they take these matter seriously , so they 're looking into it , ” the source says . “ But Bachelor in Paradise will not be resuming — this summer at least . ”
Warner Bros. has not commented on the specific allegations brought against the cast member .
The cast was spotted at the airport on Sunday flying out of Puerto Vallarta , near the filming location .
Fan-favorites like Corinne Olympios from Nick Viall ‘ s season , Amanda Stanton from Ben Higgins ‘ season and Robby Hayes from JoJo Fletcher ‘ s season were set to return to the show this year . Bachelor in Paradise first premiered on ABC in 2014 .
In the popular show , the network shipped Bachelor and Bachelorette alums to a Mexico beach house . The initial cast starts with an uneven number of men and women , and at the end of the week , they pair up during a rose ceremony , which determines who from the outnumbered group will be going home . Each week , the show brings in more contestants , which flips the rotation .
PEOPLE is attempting to reach both parties involved in the incident for comment .
In situations of alleged sexual misconduct , PEOPLE declines to name the alleged victim without their consent .
Writing an honest , consistent devlog is an extremely important part of indie game development that no developer should forego and I 'll tell you why .
Your devlog is a record that allows you to look back and see how far you 've come , or to look back ( and laugh ) at your mistakes so you can avoid repeating them . Additionally , the simple act of writing ideas down can often help highlight their potential or lack thereof .
Another simple , but powerful way your devlog helps you succeed is by keeping you accountable . Knowing that you need to have something to talk about every week or two can really motivate you and your team to stay on task . It also looks good to potential players/funders who can see exactly how consistently you 've been progressing .
Speaking of potential players…
We obviously do n't just write devlogs for ourselves… There are a number of ways devlogs help us connect with the outside world : gathering feedback , as a marketing tool , and even for the sake of press .
Hearing what the world has to say about your game ideas can save a lot of precious time . Their feedback can tell you which ideas , mechanics , art styles , etc . are catching people 's attention , and which are n't , so you may shift your focus accordingly .
Devlogs are one of the best marketing tools indie game developers have at their disposal . A consistent devlog means you 're showing up in people 's feeds regularly , and each post gives anyone the ability to simply hit ‘ share ' and introduce your game to entire new markets , essentially turning your readers into a free marketing team . If you intend to do any crowdfunding , this is the best way to gather your crowd ; slow and steady , tortoise-style . Not only that , but as people watch the development of a game slowly unfold , they ca n't help but want to play the final product .
Lastly , if your game happens to start getting a lot of press , a devlog can offer more information than a typical press page , and giving the press more to say about you is never a bad thing… Right ?
A few Tips :
Platinum normally plays a crucial role in fuel cells and in the production of hydrogen . Now a group of researchers has shown how to get the same kind of reactivity using a metal–nickel–that is a thousand times less expensive than platinum . The group– research scientist Vincent Artero , and Alan Le Goff and Serge Palacin at the Commissariat à l'Énergie Atomique near Paris–used nickel-based compounds chemically bound to carbon nanotubes .
Fuel cell catalyst : A novel catalytic material made of nickel ( shown here attached to an experimental carbon nanotube electrode ) could bring down the cost of fuel cells and hydrogen production .
Platinum is typically used in the water-splitting process because it 's such an effective catalyst . “ The problem with platinum is that it 's a very expensive metal and there is not enough of it on Earth to sustain a worldwide hydrogen economy , ” says Artero .
Electrodes made using the new catalyst would be about 20 percent cheaper than those made of platinum , Artero says . Given that the platinum makes up roughly a third of the cost of fuel cells , this could have a significant impact on the price of fuel cell technology .
The new compounds are based on a type of enzyme called hydrogenase . Normally found in bacteria and algae that live in anaerobic ( or oxygen-free ) conditions , these enzymes are used by these organisms as a catalyst to metabolize hydrogen , says Artero . “ They use exactly the same process as fuel cells to stay alive , ” they say .
In recent years , researchers have shown great interest in using molecular chemistry to try to mimic the structure of these natural catalysts . Because the active components of these molecular compounds are as reactive as platinum but consist of nickel or iron instead , they promise to be much cheaper to use .
However , until now , synthetic hydrogenese molecules–such as those developed by Daniel DuBois at Pacific Northern National Laboratories in Richland , WA–have only been demonstrated in solution form . To be of practical use , the molecules need to be bound to an electrode , rather than floating in a liquid .
By modifying the nickel-based active components of these compounds , Artero and colleagues found a way to attach the molecules to carbon nanotubes . “ The nanotubes have two advantages–they are very good electron conductors , and they have a very high specific surface area , ” Artero says . This means it 's possible to load a great deal of the catalytic material onto its surface , they say .
In tests reported in this week 's issue of the journal Science , the group showed that this modified catalyst was effective and stable for performing the reaction repeatedly .
“ This work represents a significant advance in the application of molecular electrocatalysts for hydrogen production and oxidation , ” says DuBois . It shows , they say , that these highly reactive molecular catalysts can operate efficiently under conditions that may be practical for electrolyzers and fuels cells . “ This is an important step toward moving bio-inspired catalysts from conception to practice . ”
Nate Lewis , a professor of chemistry at Caltech , agrees . “ This is an important step toward the development of a full system that splits water from sunlight , ” they say . But Lewis notes that finding a way to attach the catalysts to a surface so that they can be used in an electrode is just one piece of the puzzle .
John Turner , a research fellow in energy sciences at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden , CO adds that , “ the major barrier for hydrogen production from water and fuel cells for transportation is not hydrogen catalysis , but oxygen catalysis . ”
Nickel-based catalysts are already used in large multi-megawatt commercial electrolyzers , but these catalysts are much less efficient than platinum ones and tend to be very large–typically around 10 square meters .
Turner notes that the current produced by Artero 's catalyst is still orders of magnitude less than can be achieved with platinum . Artero says this can be fairly easily remedied . They note that the nanotubes used in their team 's experiments received only a low loading of the catalytic material . Increasing this should boost the current : “ It 's a gap that we can fill , ” they say .
Of all the great things about television , the greatest is that it 's on every single day . TV history is being made , day in and day out , in ways big and small . In an effort to better appreciate this history , we 're taking a look back , every day , at one particular TV milestone .
IMPORTANT DATE IN TV HISTORY : January 20 , 2008
PROGRAM ORIGINALLY AIRED ON THIS DATE : Breaking Bad , “ Pilot ” ( Season 1 , Episode 1 ) [ Watch on Netflix ] .
WHY IT 'S IMPORTANT : It 's easy to forget , considering what a major show Breaking Bad became , and how large it loomed on the TV landscape , that its first season was kind of unimpressive . Not from a quality standpoint — though the show definitely improved through its first two seasons , the show as it existed from the beginning was still pretty great . But at this point in time , AMC had only really had a hit with Mad Men , and it was still pretty early on with Mad Men at that . Who knew if this was a flash in the pan or the sign of something real and lasting . Even more deflating was the fact that the writers ' strike happened right around the time that Breaking Bad debuted , cutting the first-season run down from nine episodes to seven . This was a show that was going to take some time to get to where it was going , and the strike seemed to make that take a lot longer .
Breaking Bad was a slow burn in some really great ways . For one thing , it was going to take a minute for us to get used to Bryan Cranston — heretofore Dr. Tim Whatley on Seinfeld and Hal on Malcolm in the Middle — as a drug dealer , even the kind who used to be a mild-mannered chemistry teacher who only turned to the world of meth because they got diagnosed with cancer and needed the money . It would be a while before viewers of Breaking Bad truly caught on to what Walter White 's trajectory was going to be . Season 1 Walt was easy to root for , just like we rooted for Nancy Botwin on Weeds or Tony Soprano . They became the monster gradually .
Of course , I 'd be lying if I did n't touch on the one indelible image from the Breaking Bad pilot : Walter White , in the middle of the desert , with a gun in their hand and their pants lost somewhere down a dusty road . The image , used on countless posters and TV commercials , communicates so much . The absurdity of the situation , the very real danger , the degree to which Walt is completely out of their element , the shirt tucked into the underpants because everything 's happening so fast ; it 's all right there in one image .
Few underpants-based scenes have ever been so effective . For that , Breaking Bad , we salute you .
[ You can watch the Breaking Bad pilot on Netflix . ]
SANTA CLARA , Calif. -- Richard Bullwinkle has left their post as head of U.S. TV innovation for Samsung , the high-profile consumer electronics executive announced at a BroadbandTVcon panel here Tuesday .
Bullwinkle
Interviewed by FierceCable after the hour-long session focused on smart TVs and connected devices , Bullwinkle said they left a week earlier on good terms with Samsung , departing after they resisted the Korean CE giant 's overtures to move to its Seoul headquarters .
`` They offered me a chance to move to Korea to be a true Samsung executive , '' said Bullwinkle , who lives in nearby Palo Alto , Calif. `` I thought I was already a Samsung executive . ''
While Bullwinkle said they had a non-disparagement agreement with their former employer , it did n't constrain them from a refreshingly frank take on the smart TV industry during Tuesday 's panel , which also included Doug Craig , VP of programming for Roku , and Sam Chang , division head of LG 's Silicon Valley Lab .
Addressing the issue of smart TV 's competing with other connected devices in the home , Bullwinkle said the former have suffered in the marketplace from overall slow speeds -- from the product development cycle to the time it takes to load apps .
With some of the Samsung TV 's they worked on , Bullwinkle said , `` The switch from live TV to Netflix ( NASDAQ : NFLX ) takes over two minutes . That 's dinosaur speed . ''
They also noted the lack of content apps available on the typical smart TV , which they said are usually confined to the major providers `` that tend to sell boxes , Netflix , Hulu and MLB . ''
They added , `` I can tell you the percentage of [ smart TVs ] that have a Roku box or Apple TV box connected to them is very high . ''
Bullwinkle 's comments were competitively juxtaposed against those of Roku 's Craig , who noted that their company was bringing onto its service `` three or four new channels a day . ''
`` The pace of channel additions is n't slowing , '' noted Craig , who added that Roku 's engagement levels hit all-time highs in first quarter of 2014 , with users watching nearly 45 hours of Roku programming each month .
Bullwinkle took time to make clear they are n't damning the whole smart TV product sector : `` Is it in trouble ? Yes . Is it fatal ? No , '' they told the panel .
In addition to smart TVs , the executive panel -- on hand at the Santa Clara Convention Center for the two-day event -- also addressed the issue of Google 's ( NASDAQ : GOOG ) soon-to-be-launched Android TV .
Noting that Google is `` a great partner , '' LG 's Chang lauded the company 's software talent . But they also recalled Google executive chairperson Eric Schmidt saying in 2010 that by 2015 , half the TV 's in the world would be built around the failed Google TV platform .
`` We 're still waiting for that to happen , '' Chang said .
Related links :
Samsung 's Bullwinkle says all content is moving to IP delivery
Samsung facility fire temporarily dumbs down smart TVs
Roku 's Rosenberg : MVPDs threatened by connected TV devices
Introduction
These days the world of menswear is all about designing clothes and creating looks that achieve the Holy Grail of ‘ classic with a twist ' . Whether it 's via the different designers you absorb into your personal style or how you incorporate patterns and trends , the way to really stand out from an already very stylish crowd is to put a subtle spin on what has gone before .
And , generally speaking , I 'm a big fan of this whole ‘ classic with a twist ' concept . As regular readers will already know , I 'm a huge proponent of menswear pieces that are simple , timeless and versatile , as well as stylish men who manage to add a dash of sprezzatura to their looks . So it 's only natural that the idea of taking something classic and making it more unique to your personality would appeal .
However , what I tend to find is that most guys get the wrong end of the stick when it comes to implementing this ideal . Generally , the twist either gets taken way too far and ventures into the fashionable but not very stylish realm of ‘ high fashion ' , or it 's translated into the message : the greater number of accessories you add , the more stylish you look . I do n't care how many rosary beads you wear or how much you look like a Rick Owens mannequin , more is n't always better .
Like most things that are sartorially-inclined , the key to success is moderation and subtlety . And the easiest ways to pull off ‘ classic with a twist ' that stick to those principles are the two methods that have been pitted against each other since Mark McNairy started wearing printed five-panel hats : A Pop of Colour or The Interesting Detail .
A Pop Of Colour
If you think adding a pop of colour might be your ‘ thing ' , there are a few simple rules you need to follow…
First of all , pick one colour at a time . Like Nick Wooster told Details recently : “ If you 're going to play with colour start with one . If you 're wearing yellow , everything else should be navy and grey . Yes , I 've been known to wear bright green and pink at the same time but I do n't do that often – the bulk of my closet is grey , navy , white , khaki , olive , and a little black . ”
By keeping everything else you wear neutral and restrained , not only do you avoid any clashing but you also allow the colourful piece to shine . You can do this through a small accent piece such as a tie or pocket square , which can really add life and depth to suits and other formal pieces .
Alternatively , you can go with one bold piece such as a pair of trousers , a shirt or a jacket , but remember to make sure these pieces fit you properly – otherwise they will end up looking clown-esque .
And do n't forget to make sure that you stick with colours that complement each other . If you 're ever in doubt , refer to the colour wheel .
Example Lookbook : A Pop Of Colour
A pop of colour can be introduced in many forms , from accessories and footwear to striking trousers , tops or jackets .
Key Pieces
Reiss Chesterfield Heavyweight Cable Crew Knit Citrus
Ami Wool Rollneck Sweater
They By Mango Slim-fit 5 Pocket Cotton Trousers
River Island Jumper
Carven Slim Fit Chinos 172714
Hardy Amies Cotton Trench Coat
Topman Green Poly 5cm Tie
Ted Baker Frankie – Diagonal Stripe Knitted Tie
Lanvin Silk Pocket Square
Reiss Hampton Micro Polka Dot Pocket Square Lemon
Asos Driving Shoes In Suede
Ami Suede Wingtip Brogues
The Interesting Detail
The flipside to a pop of colour involves keeping your clothing neutral but including a piece that features an interesting detail .
This could be something as simple as picking an unconventional material for one of your garments , such as a corduroy jacket or a pair of seersucker trousers . Alternatively , the actual design of the piece could be what separates it from the crowd – think asymmetrical cuts or a more traditional , old-school fit .
Again , the key to pulling this type of item off is to make sure that the rest of your look is as simple and classic as possible . Too many unique items in one outfit can make a guy look like he 's arrived from the future or a comic book .
Personally , I find that when it comes to wearing an item with an interesting detail , your best bet is to dress as straight down the middle as possible , so that the garment becomes the point of difference in your look .
For example , I have a black denim jacket that I picked up in a charity shop a few years ago which has a slightly cropped cut and a large shearing collar . I tend to wear it when the rest of my outfit is very pared-down – a pair of jeans/chinos with a t-shirt/thin knit – which instantly helps transform an otherwise run-of-the-mill look into something that is truly unique to me .
Example Lookbook : The Interesting Detail
Interesting detailing can range from something as simple as a gold buttons or an unusual fastening to asymmetric cuts and contrast sleeves/panels
Key Pieces
Asos Slim Fit Double Breasted Blazer With Gold Buttons
Antony Morato Cardigan With Fleck
Eleven Paris Pea Coat
Allsaints Hakkoda Jacket
Allsaints Kobushi Bomber Jacket
Lacoste Live Trucker Denim Jacket In Black
Reiss Dreamer Zip & Button Detail Coat Black
Allsaints Moorland Shirt
River Island Ecru Cable Knit Denim Patch Jumper
Reiss Franko Colour-blocked Cable Knit Jumper Ecru
Oliver Spencer Shearling-collar Leather Bomber Jacket
River Island Brown Wool Quilted Jacket
Final Word
Both of the techniques above are suitable for any guy at any stage in their sartorial development , but please remember to never try them at the same time .
This might be the reason they 're usually pitted against each other but , as previously mentioned , moderation and subtlety are the key to pulling off ‘ classic with a twist ' without taking it too far and looking like ( God forbid ) Will.I.Am . Actually , my best advice for people who want to look stylish these days would be to look at what he 's doing , and then do the complete opposite .
So there you have it , my thoughts on the simple ways you can incorporate either a pop of colour or an interesting detail to separate your classic and stylish looks from the crowd .
Why not tell me your thoughts in the comments section below ? How do you add a twist to otherwise standard looks ? Which ones will you be trying out in the next couple of months ? Let me know…
Matt Allinson
Lohmar -
Einen schrottreifen Reisebus hat die Autobahnpolizei auf der Autobahn 3 bei Lohmar aus dem Verkehr gezogen . Der Bus war am Montag mit 50 Passagieren auf dem Weg in die Niederlande .
Das Fahrzeug mit albanischer Zulassung befand sich laut Angaben der Polizei in einem augenscheinlich schlechten Zustand . Nachdem die Polizei den Bus aus dem Verkehr gezogen hatte , stellte sich heraus , dass das Fahrzeug nicht nur stark verrostet war , sondern auch große Mengen Öl verlor .
Der tragende Rahmen war schon lange durchgerostet . Polizei Foto :
Bremsanlage mit Schraubenschlüssel geflickt
Die Beamten stellten das 18 Jahre alte Fahrzeug sicher und führten es dem TÜV Rheinland vor . Bei der Begutachtung stellte sich zusätzlich heraus , dass Teile der Bremsanlage durch einen Schraubenschlüssel verstärkt worden waren . Der tragende Rahmen war zudem durchgerostet .
Der Reisebus wurde als verkehrsunsicher eingestuft und abgeschleppt . Der 45-jährige Fahrer musste ein Bußgeld in Höhe von 1.350 Euro bezahlen .
Die Reisegruppe wollte ihre Tour in die Niederlande mit einem Ersatzfahrzeug fortsetzen . ( red )
It only takes the opening notes of the theme tune to 1963 classic film The Great Escape for most people to conjure up images of the lives of prisoners of wars – and their escapes – during World War II . The film , based on the best-selling book of the same name , tells the story of how British Commonwealth prisoners escaped from Stalag Luft III in Sagan ( now Żagań , Poland ) , in Nazi Germany .
This escape was not unique – there were an estimated 69 other mass escapes of prisoners of war during the war . In seven of these it was by German prisoners escaping . Now our new scientific investigation , published in the Journal of Conflict Archaeology , revealed a hidden tunnel that allowed 83 German prisoners to escape from Camp 198 in Bridgend , South Wales , in March 1945 .
Camp 198 had been established in 1944 in Bridgend to house 1,600 German officers . With the allies now squeezing the Germans on two fronts , the war had turned a corner , and prisoners were flooding in . In the UK alone , camps sprung up everywhere , numbered in a consecutive sequence that reached Camp 1026 , in order to house an estimated 400,000 prisoners . And with the Geneva Convention specifying that officers could not be put to work in the fields , or anywhere else for that matter , there were undoubtedly many escape plans made .
Yet camp security measures at Bridgend were generally poor . Perhaps overwhelmed by the huge influx of enemy personnel , protocols for anti-escape measures took some time to develop . The lack of sentry towers and perimeter lighting on the fences meant that escape attempts were extremely likely . Tunnels had already proven to be the most common means of escape in the World War II – wherever ground conditions permitted it . The clay soils at Bridgend made it harder to dig tunnels than the sandy soils underlying the Stalag Luft III camp . However the Bridgend tunnels did not need as much shoring support to keep the tunnel intact , a bit of wood salvaged from huts did the trick .
We know the prisoners actually once started a tunnel that was discovered by the guards , perhaps breeding complacency among them . Whatever the case , it did not deter the would-be escapers , and it was a second tunnel , started in “ Hut 9 ” , that finally allowed them to escape .
Scientific investigation
Left derelict when closed in 1948 , Camp 198 was mostly demolished in the 1990s . However , Hut 9 was preserved by the local authorities , and remains in remarkable condition for scientists to investigate .
Hut 9 provides much evidence of the lives of the officer occupants , filling their days in captivity . Hand-drawn prisoner graffiti still adorns the prison walls . Much of it is poetry , referring to the “ heimat ” – home – or of loved ones . One of the graffitied walls in Hut 9 was false , constructed to hide the soil that was placed behind it and never discovered .
But what of the tunnel itself ? Just as we did to locate the missing tunnel “ Dick ” near Hut 122 at the site of the Great Escape , Stalag Luft III , in 2003 , we used geophysical investigations outside of Hut 9 at Bridgend to successfully detect the tunnel 's subsurface position .
We started the investigation by using ground-based surface scanning to create a surface model of the site . This helped us identify variations in the surface , such as depressions which could indicate a collapsed tunnel . We then used ground penetrating radar surveys , which uses radar pulses to image the subsurface , to find the specific tunnel location ( as well as plenty of tree roots ) .
At this point , we still were n't ready to start digging . Measurements of electrical resistivity – how strongly a material opposes the flow of an electric current – helped us determine which parts of the tunnel were filled . Magnetic surveys , used to locate metallic objects , turned out to be less successful , as there was little metal within the tunnel .
While the escape tunnel at Stalag Luft III was dug some ten metres below ground – requiring some prodigious archaeological effort to reach it – at Bridgend , we discovered that the tunnel was at a relatively shallow level of 1.5 metres below ground level . Careful excavations by hand eventually helped us reach this tunnel , which was found to still be remarkably intact . Sawn-off wooden bed legs and materials from the prisoners ' huts , used to support the tunnel walls and roof , were still present , just as they had been left in 1945 .
Following the German escape , the local police , home guard , army and air force were all mobilised . While one group of prisoners stole a car and got as far as Birmingham , none managed to successfully make their way back to Germany . By comparison , in the “ Great Escape ” , three people managed to return home . Of course , the Germans had to travel through the small , densely-populated island of the UK . The allied escapers achieved a much greater travel distance ( 470km versus 44km on average ) than the Germans before being captured . They also had more sophisticated forged documents and escape material that would have significantly aided their escapes . Given their comparatively simple plan , it is remarkable that so many Camp 198 prisoners managed to get out . And with the tunnel and the surrounding area destined to become a listed National monument and conserved for future generations , it may soon become as well remembered as the events described in the Great Escape .
This article was originally published on The Conversation .
Jamie Pringle , Senior Lecturer in Engineering & Environmental Geosciences , Keele University
Peter Doyle , Head of Research Environment , London South Bank University
The United States Marine Corps has issued a new acquisition notice for up to 50,814 M27 Infantry Automatic Rifles ( IAR ) , to be sole sourced from Heckler & Koch . The notice is technically not a solicitation in and of itself , but a pre-solicitation notice , intended to give other companies the chance to submit their own proposals or bids if they think they can meet the same need at a lower cost . From the solication :
This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals . However , any responsible source who believes it is capable of meeting the requirement may submit a capability statement , proposal , or quotation , which shall be considered by the agency , only if received by the closing date and time of this notice . A determination not to compete the proposed requirement based upon the responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government .
It is not yet known exactly what model will be procured under this contract . Since the delivery of the original M27 IAR , Heckler & Koch has produced a number of improved models of the HK416 rifle upon which the M27 is based . These models feature substantial differences from the original , for example an entirely new ( and more industry standard ) lower forging in the HK416A5 . Whichever weapon these second batch M27s will be based upon , they will surely retain the same salient aspects of the original M27 , including its heavy barrel and GI bayonet lug mount .
This news follows Marine Corps evaluations of the M27 IAR as a standard issue infantry rifle , issued to 3rd Battalion , 5th Marines , as well as the release of an RFI for 11,000 new IARs . This new acquisition notice will no doubt raise further speculation that the Marine Corps is preparing to “ pure-fleet ” the M27 in replacement of the M4 Carbine , even as the Army is pursuing a new 7.62mm select fire rifle .
Hello !
We 're back with a new update on Need to Know 's development - it 's been a while since our last Kickstarter update , and we 've made a lot of progress , so there 's lots to share .
The game is really coming together strongly , and as all of the in-game systems are finalised we 've had some great ideas for little tweaks and changes that will make the upcoming releases even better . We 've also locked down a release timeframe for the beta !
Programming
The suspect detail generator is very , very close to being finished ! It 's expanded beyond our original expectations to include over 27,000 first and last names , each tied to suitable of the 200+ available nationalities , more than 6,500 real-world locations , 1,200+ occupations , and hundreds of CODEX notes with different combinations .
With all this interconnected data , the detail generator already works pretty well and is more-or-less ready for the beta , but there are still some gaps , and so we 'll continue to tinker with it and improve it for future releases .
With all this interconnected data , the detail generator already works pretty well and is more-or-less ready for the beta , but there are still some gaps , and so we 'll continue to tinker with it and improve it for future releases . In your in-game phone , the stock market is now working , allowing you to make trades in the hopes of a quick profit from pilfered data . It 'll be hard to predict which stocks will do well or not so well on each day , but you 'll be able to use information you 've found in suspect evidence to guide your choices . Profitable ? Yes ! Ethical ? Hmmm ...
Along with the stock market , the game 's darknet marketplace is now also in place - you 'll be able to use it to sell and leak valuable data , whether for profit or to gain favour with underground groups . You can collect evidence for the marketplace using the clipboard tool :
The new clipboard tool in action !
With all these ways to make money , you 'll need somewhere to put it ! We 've now implemented the shopping app , giving you something extra to do with your ( ill-gotten ? ) financial gains .
Along with the stock market , darknet marketplace and shopping app , almost all remaining phone apps are now working , including your email and social media accounts .
A ( useful ? ) email - check out the working battery indicator !
To give news items a bit more character , we 've also added a bunch of outlets which each publish different types of stories . Some focus on tech news , others cover politics , and others sport - like news outlets in real life !
Writing & Game Design
In the alpha release , multi-entry evidence , like emails , required you to select the specific line of evidence that was suspicious . This was a problem for some pieces of evidence , where one line was marked as suspicious , but the next line , which was also incriminating , was not marked , so if you selected that line , you 'd be wrong . Now , if you flag an element of a email or message conversation , you 'll be marked correct if any of the entries in the chain are suspicious . This will prevent you being caught out by slight ambiguities , and avoid the annoyance that goes along with that !
We 've amassed a huge range of news items that span across the game 's long timeline , some of which will be integrated with the story and missions .
We were n't quite satisfied with the stats pages in Need to Know 's alpha release - while they gave enough information for the short period of time covered in the alpha , they did n't convey the sense of progress and achievement needed for the full game , which takes places over a number of years . To solve the problem , we 've replaced the static personal stats page with an interactive ‘ Timeline ' .
Click for a GIF of the Timeline being used !
We think this new display shows your progression through the ranks much more nicely , giving extra context and meaning to your position in the DoL at any one time .
Art design
All backer faces are complete ( but yet to be clothed ) !
We 've been working on the interior and exterior environments for the beta release in particular , trying to give them their own idiosyncrasies .
We added the new hover animation to all existing evidence types , and updated the designs of a few . The new , softer shadow looks and feels much better .
As well as updating how evidence looks when you hover above it , we also wanted to improve the look of evidence when you interact with it . Using the BLACKSHEEP tool on a piece of evidence still selects it , but previously this was displayed less clearly than it could be . For example , websites had their background panel turn red , while emails had their text turn red - not only was this inconsistent , but did n't show clearly-enough which tool was being used .
The old way of displaying when evidence is marked suspicious ( in the browsing history )
So , we 've changed the way this is displayed , by overlaying the selected evidence with the tool that was used - making it much easier to work out at a glance what 's going on . By using a simple overlay , this works quite nicely for all evidence types .
The new-and-improved way of showing when evidence is marked suspicious
Evidence interaction is such a crucial part of the game , so we 're happy to have found a solution which is clearer and more consistent !
Sound
As always , working on new tracks , new sound effects , and improving previously-created elements .
Admin
The first of our physical reward samples have arrived ! Here 's one , a Department of Liberty mousepad and notepad :
Samples of DoL mousepad and notepad for backer briefing kits
Naturally , our focus has been on the game itself , but we were still super excited to see some of the game 's art in a physical form . With a few Departments of Liberty mousepads , notepads and coasters now strewn around our office , we 're feeling even more immersed in the world of Need to Know ! As we tweak the designs of these rewards , we 're keen to get them into your hands closer to release .
Beta release
We 've locked down a definite timeframe for the beta release : November . This will give us time to give the beta the polish it deserves , while getting it in your hands as soon as we can . It will still contain complete versions of the full game 's first two Clearance Levels , so you 'll get some proper immersion in the story , world and gameplay mechanics .
We 'd like to be more specific with the exact release date , but we 're waiting till we 're certain , to avoid a repeat of our previous errors with timing . The beta will definitely be out sometime in November , regardless .
Our next update will be up in one month , where we 'll have a specific release date for the beta , plus more information about the upcoming full release .
Backer poll 11 results
For Backer Poll 11 , the question was “ Given that generated suspects will likely be more generic than handcrafted suspects , where would you strike the balance between more replayability and more handcrafted suspects ? ”
The results are :
Backer Poll 11 results
While the majority of you want a good deal of generation and replayability , there 's also a lot of interest in having some handcrafted suspects - and we also think this is a good balance . We 've spent much of our time this year getting the suspect generator working as well as it can , to give the game as much content and replayability as possible , and with these responses we 're happy to see that our time has been well-spent !
Thanks for sharing your thoughts !
Backer poll 12 out now
As we expand and tweak the generator to create an interesting range of suspects , we 're interested in hearing how long you want to spend with each of them . This will inform how much evidence we 'll generate for the average suspect , since this affects how long each of them takes to process .
So , the question for this backer poll is :
“ You can generally take as long as you like to look at suspects . On average , and based on your experience with the alpha , how long would you like to examine each suspect for before moving to the next one ? ”
If you 're a backer from CL9 to CL0 , head over and vote on our website !
What will we be working on in the upcoming month ? This ( and more ! ) :
Programming
Adding in more late-game evidence types - location geotracking ( already partly in-place ) , satellite imagery and phone transcripts , to name a few .
Implementing some more polish to various areas of the game in time for the beta , include more finessed transitions between scenes and missions - not everything needs a fade-out !
Continuing to improve the suspect generator in all areas - suspect details , evidence and faces .
Writing & Game Design
Constantly improving the missions and scenes in Clearance Levels 10 and 9 .
Seeding as many later storylines and missions in the beta .
Working on transitions for the opening Clearance Levels .
Completing the suspect generator , with accurate salaries and more CODEX notes .
Art + UI design
Completing the CL 9 and 10 suspect maps .
Preparing the protagonist and main characters for the beta release .
Completing all beta interior and exteriors .
Sound
Inserting musical cues and stings to match up with in-mission turns .
Aligning musical transitions , to avoid jarring tonal changes that break immersion .
Completing the beta 's sound effect catalogue .
We 'll be sure to get our next update out to you much faster than this one - in the meantime , remember you can check our posts on Facebook and Twitter for weekly development updates . Until next time , thank you for your continuing support !
Inmate who killed , sodomized mother dies on death row
( 04-03 ) 17:14 PDT SAN RAFAEL -- A 53-year-old death row inmate died of natural causes Tuesday morning at San Quentin State Prison , according to prison authorities .
Frank Manuel Abilez , who was sentenced to death for the 1996 murder and sodomy of their 68-year-old mother in Los Angeles County , was found unresponsive in their cell Tuesday morning , said Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation Lt. Sam Robinson .
Abilez lived in the cell alone , Robinson said , and was pronounced dead of natural causes at 10:49 a.m .
Abilez is the 57th death row inmate to die of natural causes since capital punishment was reinstated in California in 1978 . Thirteen people have been executed , another 19 have committed suicide and six have died from other causes . There are currently 724 people on death row in the state .
No executions have been held in California since 2006 when a federal judge halted them , saying there were flaws in the state 's procedure . The issue is still winding its way through the court system .
TAMPA , Fla. -- The reasons Charlie Strong is back flowed with brutal honesty .
“ There are so many factors , ” Strong said recently from their office overlooking the practice fields at South Florida . “ I had two weeks [ after being fired by Texas ] . I just had to step back and take a look at myself .
“ ‘ What would you have done differently ? Would you allow this to define who you really are ? ' That 's why I did n't sit out . I just wanted to get back into it . ”
To recount , USF 's new coach barely blinked after being fired by Texas on Nov. 26 . Nineteen days later , Strong was at South Florida . The rebound did n't have a chance to hit the floor .
“ I was like , ‘ This damn job will take my mind away from [ what happened ] , ' ” Strong said in a quiet moment . “ ' I 'm not going to give Texas that pleasure . ' ”
Along with a new job here , there apparently is a newfound candor . While Strong was coachspeak perfect for three years at Texas , there is a bit of a willingness to let it rip now .
There is a new level of comfort . There is no shadow mafia of boosters out to get him . Perhaps it 's because they are back “ home ” in the state where Strong has spent 15 years of their coaching career .
Perhaps it 's the myriad of Florida 's high school coaches -- and their talent -- that they can tap into with a quick phone call . Perhaps it 's inheriting an 11-win team with a Heisman Trophy candidate at quarterback ( Quinton Flowers ) .
This is no rebuild . It 's a rebirth .
South Florida AD Mark Harlan was convinced as much following Strong 's last weekly press conference at Texas .
“ He walked off the stage basically into the arms of that team , ” Harlan said . “ That to me was all I needed to know about the Texas situation . ”
Behind the scenes , there is another compelling need for Strong to be here at the moment . Yeah , he 's a coach who needed to scratch an itch . Yeah , he 's suddenly at a program that may be closer to a New Year 's Six bowl than Texas .
But 45 minutes north of here , well , the deal was sealed . The parents of Strong 's wife , Victoria , live close . Victoria 's mother was diagnosed with dementia about 14 years ago , Strong said .
“ We were at South Carolina , ” Strong recalled of their time with the Gamecocks from 1999-2002 . “ You could see it was happening then … It started then and we just did n't know . ”
It got worse , as these cases always do . Anyone who has a loved one affected by Alzheimer's/dementia , it 's heart-rending to see their personality drift away along with their memory .
“ She forgot where their car was , ” Strong recalled . “ I do n't know if we have found that car to this day . They do n't know where they left the car .
“ It 's good we came back . ”
Did we say candor ? Strong has always been a bit on the reserved side . But in 2001 and again in 2009 , they said the fact that Victoria is white hurt their chances of getting a head coaching job .
Now with seven years in as a head coach , Strong brought up the subject of race again . It matters to Strong that they were first black head coach of a men 's program at Texas . It matters to Strong that they are the second African-American FBS coach to get another head coaching job after being fired . Tyrone Willingham ( Notre Dame to Washington ) was the other .
“ When you 're the first black coach at a place like that , there 's so many people counting on you . You want to see it happen , ” Strong said .
“ If I 'm successful as a minority , [ it 's going to help someone ] who wants to go run and be the CEO of IBM or there 's a minority who wants to go run a hospital . ”
Not only that , but in a sport known for its lack of coaching diversity , Harlan replaced one African-American head coach ( Willie Taggart ) with another .
“ These [ are ] little things that did n't even cross my mind , ” Harlan said .
Strong remains successful despite departing with the worst winning percentage of any Texas coach . That may be a stain they can never wipe away . They won a couple of national championships as a defensive coordinator at Florida and guided Louisville to a Sugar Bowl win over … Florida .
Their last two Texas recruiting classes were ranked in the top 10 , leading Strong to say on their way out the door , “ The cake has been baked . You just put the icing on it. ” Your move , Tom Herman .
“ His body of work far superseded any two or three years at any place , ” Harlan said . “ He 's been nothing but terrific . ”
Whatever the right word is , it 's going to be easier here . Spring practice begins in a week . There are 15 starters back from that 11-win team . This may be as nationally relevant as USF has been since it rose to No . 2 in the polls in 2007 .
The Bulls are a member of the American Athletic Conference , now largely considered the best of the Group of Five conferences . Strong is taking a step down . A College Football Playoff berth is virtually impossible because a championship shot by a Group of Five school has never occurred in the BCS era ( since 1998 ) .
All of it would suggest that , at age 56 , this is a stepping-stone job for Strong .
“ This is a big-time program , ” Harlan contended . “ I think he 's ready to roll . He 's got nothing to prove but I think they feel like they do . ”
Even before Strong started at Texas , megabooster Red McCombs called the coach 's hiring “ a kick in the face , ” saying they were probably a good position coach . Three days later , McCombs apologized , but the damage was done .
Strong would n't let it define him .
“ If I sat out , I would have missed those relationships , ” Strong said . “ From the years in Gainesville to Notre Dame to South Carolina to being head coach at Louisville and Texas , it 's still about the young men . ”
In those 19 days Strong was without a job , they owned the past few years -- the 16-21 record , the underachievement , the breakdown in special teams .
They also had no shortage of opportunities . The Temple and Cincinnati jobs came open . Strong says even an NFL administrative position was possible .
“ I became a fan of Jerry Springer , ” they said . “ I was trying to find a way to laugh . It was hard in the beginning moving past it . You want to be successful so bad . ”
“ I get up in the morning , ” Strong continued while discussing that interim period . “ I go run . I just got out a legal pad and I started writing , trying to get my mind ticking again . ”
Strong made themselves obvious during the transition . They slipped into town as USF was getting ready for the Birmingham Bowl under an interim coach . They stood on the sidelines for the game . It was admittedly awkward .
So what ? The coach , the school and the team ca n't wait for the rebirth .
“ It 's not like you 're walking into a situation , ” Strong said , “ where a guy got fired . ”
Apple has been oddly absent from the car audio scene . There are plenty of head units that support Apple devices in numerous ways but given Apple 's fantastic mobile operating system is so suited to touchscreens , it seems strange that it 's taken till now for a proper , official , integrated solution .
Meet Apple CarPlay . Announced earlier this year , CarPlay allows you to connect your iPhone to a compatible touchscreen-enabled head unit . That 's not unusual , but once the two are paired , all kinds of magic ensues . Firstly , the head unit will display its own version of iOS , which has been designed by Apple itself , complete with icons and even Siri support . The key thing here is that the iPhone is in control . So the head unit is simply there to provide a larger touch interface as well as charging your iPhone at the same time via an included USB cable .
This means that there 's no need to have to update your head unit to get the latest CarPlay-compatible apps . Just install them on your iPhone and they 'll automatically appear on your head unit the next time you connect the two . As you can see , there are plenty of things to get excited about already , and more apps are on the way . The selection is limited compared to the hordes found in the App Store as Apple has selected those that make most sense to use while you 're driving . No Angry Birds here then , nor Facebook or Twitter . I visited audio manufacturer Pioneer 's head office in the UK , who is the first manufacturer to offer third party CarPlay-compatible had units to take a closer look .
CarPlay will work with any iPhone that has a Lightning connector , which is any model above the iPhone 5 so iPhone 4S and earlier are n't compatible . Using an adapter with an older iPhone wo n't work and neither will iPads - this is an iPhone-only party and the firmware simply is n't included with non-compatible models . CarPlay also has some features that are tied in to your individual iPhone 's settings . Voice mails for example can appear in a list on the head unit or you 'll simply be forwarded to the voice mail service of your carrier . Different things will happen depending on how your particular iPhone is set up , essentially because it 's your iPhone that runs the show - not the head unit .
The native apps , Phone , Music , Maps and Messages are all here . Siri will pop up and ask you for instructions and CarPlay is very hands-free orientated , although you can manually enter details from the touch screen just as you can in your iPhone with familiar menus .
Music also offers a familiar interface , although the menus have been altered slightly to make it easier to use while you 're driving . Siri is able to play a certain song through voice activation too plus you 're able to input basic commands such as shuffle .
There 's a menu bar in Spotify and the Music app too , which can be moved to the left or right of the display on most head units , depending on whether your car is left or right hand drive .
Map looks very similar to that on your iPhone and sports similar features such as the ability to swap between 2D and 3D modes , zoom and compass . Destinations that appear at the start are tied into emails , messages and previous destinations and you 're able to set favorites too . Siri works in the usual way - you do n't have to be particularly detailed in what you ask for as regular Siri users will know , plus you can turn off the map and use Siri 's voice guidance instead .
The actual mapping also features the 3D building mode too - exactly as you would see on your iPhone and the head unit does n't need its own GPS receiver - everything is done via the iPhone 's built-in chip , although you can use a Bluetooth one instead .
Pressing the Messages app will see Siri pop up and ask if you want to listen to any new messages you may have received . Siri can then read out messages plus turn your voice into a message if typing on the screen is inconvenient . If you 're driving Siri can actually be very useful here and new messages will appear as a banner across the screen , just as they do on your phone . A simple press will activate Siri and away you go .
The Now Playing app links into the Music app , while Podcasts are also set up the same way as they are on your device , while the Radio app is a simplified version of the streaming app on your device . The AV icon here is Pioneer 's own menu , where you can access the head unit 's other features such as standard radio . You can also listen to radio while you 're using Car Play features such as Maps too but cleverly , it will stop the radio if you fire up Music or Spotify .
The head unit radio and CarPlay apps have their own volumes too so in the likely event you need different levels for each , these will remain configured so not to explode your eardrums the next time you switch between the two . Yes , Spotify is here too and is one of the first third-party apps to be supported by CarPlay . It features a similar menu plus the ability to stream songs over cellular data using your devices data allowance of course .
More apps are in development too , so the likelihood is that others will appear in future . There is a way round the limited number available , at least with Pioneer 's head units , as they have their own apps , that allows you view YouTube and have worked with Apple to support other apps such as Waze . I 'm hugely impressed by CarPlay , even in its current form with a limited selection of apps . I 'd like to see other sat nav apps such as Tom Tom and CoPilot while WhatsApp and Google Maps would be useful too although I somehow doubt the latter will appear given that Apple 's own Maps app is its direct competitor .
If you 're interested in Apple CarPlay , you can see Pioneer 's compatible head units here , while the official Apple CarPlay website can be found here . As always , let me know what you think in the comments below , on Twitter - @ antonyleather or on my Facebook page .
Farewell Mr. & Mrs. Kent : “ Just Remember….No Matter What Happens…I 'll Always Love You . ALWAYS . ”
In rebuilding their comics for the new 52 , DC made a number of decisions that were applauded by readers and a number that were upsetting to readers . One of those decisions was to erase the marriage of Clark Kent and Lois Lane . With the debut of Action Comics # 1 next week and Superman later this month DC begins its new set of Superman stories where Lois and Clark are single . Here is a tribute and farewell to the Kent/Lane marriage by one of my favorite readers , Mary . I hope you enjoy it . Them thoughts start below .
Next week , DC Comics will welcome the new Action Comics # 1 . This new origin story will bring sweeping changes to the Superman mythos as we start the Last Son of Krypton 's story over again for a new generation . Renewed passion for the character and the desire to celebrate Superman is exciting ; however , change can be emotional and difficult particularly when it comes with the added blow of losing things that are dear to us .
It 's been a difficult and emotional time to be a fan of the Lane/Kent marriage . It 's been more than difficult to watch the way the marriage has been handled in the press surrounding the relaunch . The purpose of this article is not to rehash these arguments again nor to criticize the way this issue has been handled . The purpose of this essay is to say farewell to Clark Kent and their wife , Lois Lane-Kent and to pay tribute to what they meant to each other and what their marriage meant to those who loved them .
However , just so there is absolutely no confusion let 's just clear this up once and for all : The marriage of Clark Kent and Lois Lane in the modern comics was not a stunt that only occurred because of the hit ABC television series , “ Lois and Clark : The New Adventures of Superman. ” Clark Kent and Lois Lane were engaged in the comics before the television show went into production .
The marriage in the comics was stalled because of the television show and the famous and beloved “ Death of Superman ” arc was born as a stalling mechanism to give the television series time to catch up to the comics . It was not the other way around . Had it not been for the television series , Lois and Clark would have been married longer in the modern comics . As it stands , they were committed to each other for over 20 years in the modern canon . The idea that Lois and Clark would be committed and married and would evolve past the Triangle For 2 was not a new concept as the Golden Age Clark and Lois had already been married in 1978 on Earth-2 . That does n't even touch all of the famous stories such as “ Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow ? '' that concluded with Clark and Lois married ( with a child with superpowers ) and it does n't touch the countless Silver Age stories in Lois 's own comic book that featured Superman and Lois married–stories that today should be considered extremely sexist and inappropriate but which were very popular in their day .
The modern marriage of Superman and Lois Lane was a love story that developed maturely and organically in a narrative that was finally free from the confines of sexism and was finally allowed to progress rather than remain stagnant . It bravely and boldly took two iconic lovers who had been been trapped in a seemingly endless tortured passion for each other for decades and dared to allow them to grow . On the surface , Lois and Clark appeared to be polar opposites . And in some ways they were . Clark Kent was a mild mannered farm boy , talented reporter and a super powered hero with godlike abilities . They were both gentle and strong . Beautiful and humble . Funny and serious . They fell hard for the determined reporter , Lois Lane–a woman with a knack for getting into trouble . Much like Clark…Lois is also a study of opposites . They are both driven and sensitive . They can be stubborn and abrasive ; however , they can also be extremely heartfelt and kind . They are utterly flawed ; yet , loving and compassionate . She 's the diamond in the rough . However , underneath some of these differences , Lois and Clark shared similar values and morals that brought them together . They believed in truth and justice and were willing to fight for these things without hesitation in their own unique ways . They never stopped believing in the good in humanity—or in each other .
Lois and Clark were work partners and life partners . Their connection encompassed levels of competition , rivalry , friendship and sexuality all at once . In times of tragedy , they held each other emotionally high about the clouds…savoring the feeling of being together and lamenting the time that they had to spend apart . They passionately made love . ( Make no mistake , there was sex in this marriage and it was good for both parties . ) In times of confusion , they sat on top of the Daily Planet roof with the city below them just to talk . They were sarcastic , playful and hopelessly romantic .
They survived Clark 's literal death and resurrection . They survived relentless attacks from every villain imaginable . They survived public attacks on Superman and public scrutiny of the nature of the relationship of the Man of Steel and the famous reporter . They survived deals with Lex Luthor and the interference of former flames . They survived Superman being trapped for 1,000 years with their dear friend , Wonder Woman , and in the words of Diana if they had died in that battle it would have been with Lois 's `` name on their lips. ” They survived the attack of the Parasite , trickery and kidnapping . They survived mind control and Maxwell Lord . They survived Manchester Black attempting to use Lois to push Superman into violence . They endured when Lois was shot in a war torn country and gasping for life .
They had a child named Chris and they loved them deeply—then they endured the pain of losing them much too soon . Like many couples , they survived the death of parents and loved ones . When Clark Kent broke down after Jonathan Kent 's funeral it was their wife who comforted him . They survived even when Superman was forced to renounce their marriage and spend a year on New Krypton . Even millions of miles away , Superman 's heart still belonged to “ Ms . Lane ” and they belonged to him . In a world where I ca n't turn on my television without seeing another famous celebrity or political figure engaged in a sex scandal…there was Lois and Clark . In a genre that has suffered all too often from disposable love interests—a world where women often come and go never to be heard from again—their love stood the test of time .
In the real world , couples are n't forced to fight literal monsters like Doomsday but the challenge of staying together when the odds seem to be stacked against you is very real . It 's the hidden reality for millions of people in this world who do n't make the headlines because of deceit or cheating or scandal . Because you see…beyond the statistics about divorce and the headlines about infidelity…there is another untold story in our world . It 's a story about people who wake up every morning and choose to stay together even through difficult circumstances—people who stand by each other through the worst recessions , through the insecurity and pain of unemployment , or the debilitating effects of cancer or illness . There are people who have watched their spouse or significant other leave to go to Iraq or Afghanistan not knowing if they will ever come back ; yet , finding the courage within themselves to make that incredible and selfless sacrifice to serve others because they believe it 's the right thing to do . There are people like Jerry and Joanne Siegel ( the original inspiration for Lois Lane ) who stayed together through periods of poverty and remained together until they were parted by death . There are people like Christopher and Dana Reeve who stayed by each other 's sides through paralysis and serious illness until the very end .
You see there are those who remain cynical that this kind of connection can truly exist between two people . There are those who would suggest that the very idea of “ true love ” is a fantasy or childish and that the very idea of finding one person who is “ the one ” for you does n't actually happen in this world . There are those who would claim that this type of commitment is not relatable . There are those who would claim that the decision to get married or commit to another person is “ the end ” of a story and fail to recognize that it 's actually a new beginning filled with new challenges , natural tension and new dreams that we work to fulfill . Then there are those of us–no matter our gender , race or sexual orientation– who wake up every single day and prove those cynics wrong . We 've seen it in our parents , grandparents or in our close friends . Or maybe we see it in the person that we are lucky enough to wake up next to every morning . We 've watched people we love to make the difficult decision to stay together even through times of tragedy and we 've watched the incredible strength that it takes to choose to remain loyal and true to each other rather than to give in to fear .
In a world full of cynicism about the very nature of love , Superman—the hero who is supposed to be our greatest symbol of hope—-was a man who was sending a different message about what it meant to love and be loved in return . Clark and Lois chose love over fear . They chose to stay as opposed to giving in when it got tough . They chose to believe in each other rather than run away even though the deck was often stacked against them . They chose to stay together even when the circumstances proved difficult or tragic or frightening or even downright impossible .
In the famous words of Greg Rucka , Clark and Lois chose to “ live in hope ” while others lived in fear .
They lived in hope that they would find their way back to each other in times of peril . They lived in hope that they would find a way to have a child even though it seemed impossible . They never lost sight of the hope that Superman brought to the world and they worked together in a constant fight for truth and justice . Paul Cornell gave Lois and Clark a particularly thoughtful and beautiful farewell in Action Comics # 904 . They reminded everyone that in a world full of doubt and pain , Lois understood the heart and soul of Superman in a way that sometimes even Clark himself , through their humility , could n't see .
Other thoughtful writers such as Greg Rucka , Gail Simone , Joe Kelly , Kurt Busiek , Chris Roberson and Jeph Loeb deserve special kudos for taking the time to write Lois and Clark 's marriage with respect and dignity over the years . At the end of the day , the love story of Superman and Lois Lane is about learning to see someone for who they truly are . It 's about looking past the exterior and seeing into another person 's soul to see the beauty inside .
Clark Kent and Lois Lane both wear disguises in their daily lives . Like all of us , they both hide things from the outside world . They are both afraid of being exposed in different ways . Yet , through their love , they were able to see the incredible potential for heroism and good within each other in ways that other people were n't able to see . They were a lesson in looking past the outer disguise that we all wear each day to see the true soul of another person and loving every beautiful side of them truly and completely .
Today , as we bid farewell to Mr. and Mrs. Kent and prepare for the coming of the new Superman titles , many fans remain full of hope that this relationship that meant so much to so many people will be treated with the dignity and respect that it deserves as it 's retold for a new generation . Because , despite the fact that this is painful….We love Superman . We want to see their legacy succeed and continue . So , I challenge DC Comics to prove me and every other fan out there who has been struggling with this emotional change wrong . Show us that you understand just what this relationship meant to people . Show us that you understand that the way the Triangle For 2 was written 50 years ago is not a fair or appropriate way to tell this love story now and that the glorification of a narrative that did not treat men and women as equals is not fresh but regressive . These characters deserve better . The Triangle For 2 is an important and essential part of any Superman origin story but it must be updated to reflect the dignity of these characters . Above all , I challenge DC Comics to never forget that it 's more powerful to choose love over fear .
Just as no one can ever and will ever replace Barbara Gordon 's incredible legacy as Oracle….no one can ever or will ever change what Clark and Lois meant to each other . Too much has been said and done at this point . The line has been crossed and there is no going back . We 've seen them clutch each other refusing to let go and we 've seen them promise that even death wo n't truly keep them apart . Superman and Lois Lane will never love anyone else more than they love each other . Outside forces may pull them apart from time to time . But they will find their way back . They always do . For the moment , we bid farewell to everything they stood for and for the incredible message that their relationship sent about choosing to love over choosing to fear and we wait patiently until they find their way back to each other .
And until that time comes…
`` We live in hope. “
Because that is what Superman and Lois taught us to do .
Thanks so much for this lovely tribute , Mary .
Almost the entire world is appalled at the farce of the Palin pick , and what it says about McCain 's contempt for foreign policy and national security . Here 's a take from Israel :
`` This would never have happened in Israel , ever '' remarked a journalist friend , referring to the choice of Governor Palin , whose credentials in the realms of foreign policy , statecraft and the military are limited in the extreme . With irony bordering on the painful , the journalist added , `` Sarah Palin has restored my faith in Israel . ''
Yes : Palin would be an unimaginable pick in any other advanced country . Foreign leaders and publics have been told one thing by this selection : McCain is not a serious world leader . But for neocons who regard alliances as impediments to the projection of raw military power , the opinions of humankind are actually a reason to vote for Palin .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
The Raspberry Pi is an awesome low-cost machine that is an incredibly easy way for people who do n't have a lot of disposable income to have their very own computer . Now people who want to give their Pi touchscreen capabilities have the option to transform the mini-computer into a tablet thanks to a new 7-inch touch display that 's on sale right now for just $ 60 .
RELATED : Meet PiPad , the $ 350 DIY Raspberry Pi tablet
The new display is n't exactly iPad Air quality , although for just $ 60 you really ca n't complain . It features a resolution of 800×480 pixels that can display video at 60 frames per second in 24-bit color . It 's also an FT5406 10 point capacitive touchscreens and it has a 70 degree viewing angle .
Of course , once you buy this display for your Raspberry Pi , you 'll have to assemble it . To do this , the Raspberry Pi Foundation says you 'll have to plug the display 's conversion board into the Pi 's display connector , although it warns that you should make sure that the connector you 're using is n't the connector for the camera since they look the same but are n't both compatible with the new display .
You 'll also need to find a way to power the display , which the Raspberry Pi Foundation says can be done via either a separate power source such as a uUSB power supply rated for at least 500mA ; by a USB link through the official 2A Raspberry Pi power supply ; or through the GPIO jumpers supplied with the device .
To learn more about attaching and using the new Raspberry Pi display , check out the Raspberry Pi Foundation 's full instructions here . And to see the display in action , we 've posted a video of it below .
Post-Vietnam popularity spurred Bushmaster 's success
An American soldier firing their M16 rifle during the My Lai massacre on March 16 , 1968 in My Lai , South Vietnam . Military veterans and the general gun-buying public were increasingly fascinated with the AR-15 , the civilian version of the M-16 that was standard-issue in the Vietnam War . less An American soldier firing their M16 rifle during the My Lai massacre on March 16 , 1968 in My Lai , South Vietnam . Military veterans and the general gun-buying public were increasingly fascinated with the AR-15 , ... more Photo : Ronald L. Haeberle , The LIFE Images Collection/Getty Photo : Ronald L. Haeberle , The LIFE Images Collection/Getty Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Post-Vietnam popularity spurred Bushmaster 's success 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON -- In 1976 , a former IRS agent and Army counter-intelligence veteran named Richard Dyke put down $ 241,000 for a failing gun company in Bangor , Maine , that made M-16 and AR-15 rifles for the military and police .
Dyke 's timing could n't have been better .
Military veterans and the gun-buying public were fascinated with the AR-15 , the civilian version of the M-16 that was standard-issue in the Vietnam War .
Dyke rode their Bushmaster-brand AR-15 to fortune , if not fame . According to news reports , they dressed in silk shirts , drove a Rolls-Royce and built a helipad outside their Maine mansion -- not bad for a man who never lived in a home with an indoor bathroom before going to college . In 2006 , Dyke sold Bushmaster to Cerberus Capital Management for more than $ 70 million .
The key to Dyke 's success was realizing the military-style weapon could be modified and marketed to the general public .
Now , that push to sell the weapon to civilians could be Bushmaster 's undoing .
On Dec. 12 , the families of some Sandy Hook victims filed a wrongful death suit against Bushmaster , as well as the distributor and retailer who sold the weapon Adam Lanza used in the December 2012 Newtown massacre . They claimed that Bushmaster was negligent in selling a military-style rifle such as the AR-15 to the general public , where an unfit person could use it for murder .
Although a 2005 federal law precludes liability lawsuits against gun companies , lawyers for the plaintiffs argued it contains an exception for `` negligent entrustment '' -- when a seller knows or should know that the buyer could use the weapon to harm others .
`` This is an assault weapon that is good for use on the battlefield and by police officers , but it is a negligent choice to sell it to the general public , '' Michael Koskoff , a Bridgeport attorney whose firm filed the lawsuit on behalf of the families , told Hearst Connecticut Media .
Tatical cool
The tragedy in Newtown , Conn. , was not Bushmaster 's debut in the glare of negative publicity . In 2002 , the D.C. sniper , John Allen Muhammad , used a Bushmaster to kill 10 random victims in the Washington area . Bushmaster denied responsibility but paid $ 550,000 to family members of victims as its part of a $ 2.5 million settlement .
And just weeks after Newtown , a deranged killer , William Spengler , used a Bushmaster to kill two firefighters in Webster , N.Y. who were responding to a fire Spengler had set .
But it was Newtown that turned Bushmaster from a brand identified with hunting , target shooting and what one gun-trade publication described as `` tactical coolness , '' to one synonymous with mass killing .
The typical Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle is made of forged aluminum or Carbon-15 composite , and weighs between six and eight pounds . Its military counterpart has a selector switch enabling it to fire one shot per trigger pull or fully automatic , while the civilian AR-15 under federal law is strictly single shot . Even so , shooters can empty a 30-round magazine in as little time as it takes them to pull and release the trigger .
In recent annual reports , Cerberus boasted that its Bushmaster , Remington and DPMS brands comprised the nation 's No.-1 seller of `` modern sporting rifles , '' the euphemistic description favored by the firearms industry for military-style weaponry .
In an unintended irony , Bushmaster 's notoriety may have boosted its popularity at least for a time .
`` Was Bushmaster well-marketed ? Yes . Were there incidents ? Yes . Did it work to their benefit ? Yes , '' said Richard Feldman , a veteran gun lobbyist who is president of the New-Hampshire-based Independent Firearm Owners Association . `` The negative turns to a positive in terms of marketing . No manufacturer wants that to happen . There is a benefit you wish you did n't have , but you take what you can get . That 's capitalism . ''
In its latest SEC filing , Cerberus -- the Remington Outdoor Inc. parent -- reported net sales of $ 1.2 billion in 2013 , nearly a 50-percent rise from 2009 .
Adapted for civilians
Gun-owner fears of new limits on gun purchases prompted buying frenzies of AR-15s and other weapons in the wake of President Obama 's 2008 election and 2012 re-election . None of these fears were realized and gun sales for the most part have cooled in the past year , according to firearms industry observers .
The Newtown-based National Shooting Sports Foundation , the gun industry 's main trade group , argues that the popularity of `` modern sporting rifles '' are reflected in historic civilian adaptations of military weapons that made their debuts in the Civil War , World War I and World War II .
`` Battlefield requirements in a rifle such as accuracy , ruggedness , reliability and fast follow-up shots are features equally sought by hunters and target shooters , '' the foundation says in a posting on its web site .
Gun control advocates disagree .
`` They were designed specifically for military purposes to kill people , '' said Kristen Rand , legislative director of the Washington-based Violence Policy Center . `` We just do n't buy the idea that you can go and copy a military gun because some segment wants it and that makes it appropriate in the civilian market . That does n't make any sense . ''
Post-Newtown state laws including New York 's SAFE Act and Connecticut 's assault weapons ban could also contribute to a downturn in sales of Bushmaster and other brands of AR-15 .
But Bushmaster and other gun companies have proved adroit in re-designing weapons to go around such laws . California , for instance , has had a state assault weapons ban since 1989 , following several mass shootings with semi-automatic rifles .
Under the law , weapons are banned if they have detachable magazines . But a magazine removable with a `` tool '' is OK. Bushmaster among others devised `` California-compliant '' rifles with a `` bullet button '' _ a button activated with a bullet that ejects a magazine and allows the shooter to replace a magazine almost as quickly as if done by hand .
But the New York and Connecticut laws do not contain this loophole , gun control advocates say . Both laws `` were written with lessons of California and other states in mind , '' said Josh Sugarmann , Violence Policy Center executive director .
Back in Bushmaster 's spawning grounds in Maine , Dyke and their son Jeff Dyke formed a new company , Windham Weaponry , that employs many of the Bushmaster personnel who lost their jobs in the wake of Cerberus buying the company in 2006 .
Asked by an interviewer for a Maine weekly what is it about making guns that intrigues him , Dyke answered : `` It does n't . ''
`` I think you can buy a toilet bowl ( company ) and if you 've got the right people to make it and you 've got another right group of people to sell it , you 'll sell more toilet bowls than anyone else will , '' they said .
dan @ hearstdc.com
President Trump speaks to the media on the South Lawn last month . ( Jim Lo Scalzo/European Pressphoto Agency/EFE/REX/Shutterstock )
The results of the Virginia gubernatorial race did not offer Republicans skeptical about President Trump much reason to embrace the president more tightly . Ed Gillespie , their party 's candidate , tried to run on the same rhetoric about immigration and crime that Trump leveraged to win the White House — and got crushed . Then , even before Gillespie had given their concession speech , Trump was disparaging their campaign effort on Twitter .
Not the sort of pattern that will make Republicans enthusiastic about Trump .
A Washington Post-ABC News poll released this week offered another angle on the question of whether Republicans should embrace Trump . We asked Republicans and Republican-leaning independents whether party leaders should speak out when they disagree with Trump or should avoid doing so .
In June 2016 , we asked a similar question about Trump , and 62 percent said that Republicans should speak out . In the new poll , the figure was 71 percent .
When broken out by demographic , there 's an interesting spread . Those who are critical of Trump — saying they have n't accomplished much or kept their campaign promises — are the most likely to say that Republicans should speak out when they disagree with Trump . Those who think he 's been successful are less likely to say so . The group least supportive of leaders confronting Trump is white evangelical Republicans , a key part of their base — though a majority of that group also agrees that Republicans should do so .
However .
[ Washington Post-ABC News poll , Oct. 29-Nov.1 , 2017 ]
We have seen some instances in which Republicans have confronted Trump when they disagree with him . Take , for example , Sen. Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) . He 's been consistently critical of Trump for months , questioning the president 's stability and capability . Since Corker announced their decision not to seek reelection , that criticism has only increased .
As our Aaron Blake noted last month , though , that 's come at a cost . In February , Corker 's net favorability among Republicans ( those viewing them favorably minus those viewing them unfavorably ) was plus 40 . After their feud with Trump gained national attention — and blowback from the president — perceptions of Corker among members of their party tanked . Last month , they were at minus 12 , a 52-point swing .
A similar pattern was seen when Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) challenged Trump . A Fox News poll in September found that most Republicans viewed McCain negatively — including a quarter who held a strongly unfavorable view of McCain .
It 's possible , then , that Republicans like the idea of challenging Trump in the abstract . That , asked whether the president should be held accountable , Republicans say that they should be . When it actually happens , though , it 's not well received .
Or perhaps it 's the manner in which Corker and McCain ( and others ) have challenged Trump that Republicans dislike . Or perhaps it 's a coincidence that Corker 's numbers dropped as they took on Trump .
The question we began with , though , was whether Republicans would feel warranted in standing in opposition to Trump . These poll results point toward an answer of yes — but it would take a brave politician to actually act on what the poll respondents say they would like to see .
If there 's one thing we know about politicians , “ bravery ” is n't usually the first word we associate with them .
The Alberta NDP says there have been “ a few hundred ” applications for party memberships from activists opposed to the Notley government , dismissing the prospect of a party takeover .
George Clark , organizer of the anti-NDP Albertans First petition campaign , called on opponents of the government to buy NDP memberships in a bid to force changes in party policy .
The movement has been mocked on social media as the “ kudatah , ” based on the misspelling of coup d'etat online by an opponent of the NDP .
NDP provincial secretary Chris O'Halloran said Thursday that it was difficult to say how many applications from people associated with the movement have come in to the party but they estimated a ballpark number of about 250 .
They said that figure was determined based on searches of social media and political donation records , which O'Halloran said is standard for membership applications .
Some , but not all , of the applications have been rejected , said O'Halloran . The provincial NDP constitution requires that members support party principles and not belong to another party .
O'Halloran said they expect the impact of Clark and the Albertans First movement to be minimal .
“ I do n't think they are going to have any success in changing our principles , our values and what Albertans elected us to do , ” they said .
“ I ca n't see how they 're going to get enough people in to be disruptive . ”
But Clark — who organized a protest at the opening of the legislature on Tuesday — said the NDP was unaware that Albertans First supporters had been buying memberships for months prior to their announcement of the tactic .
“ There was almost a full two months of people quietly joining after talking with me , ” they said in an interview Thursday .
Clark said they believed that around 3,000 members have joined the NDP since the start of 2016 , though they said that they were not sure how many are affiliated with their organization .
They said that “ several hundred ” membership applications have been rejected by the party , adding that opens the door to procedural and legal challenges of the NDP .
Clark has launched petitions calling for plebiscites on the NDP 's farmworker safety legislation and planned carbon tax .
They had previously suggested they would unveil a legal , democratic way to force Notley from office if they refused to hold the votes . However , in February Clark said their plan had always been for supporters to buy NDP memberships .
jwood @ postmedia.com
Image caption The NHS was facing thousands of nursing job losses , Labour said
Chancellor George Osborne has been accused of `` raiding '' the NHS budget to help fund the cut in the top rate of income tax .
Figures reveal £500m of £900m unallocated funding from 2011-2012 will be returned to the Treasury .
The Department of Health said to underspend was due to unexpected efficiencies in capital projects .
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the government was giving tax cuts to millionaires and P45s to nurses .
A reduction in planned spending by the health service was disclosed in Treasury figures following Wednesday 's budget .
It follows a £900m underspend in 2011/12 , of which £400m has been rolled over into the 2012/13 budget .
The Department of Health said to underspend was down greater than expected efficiencies in capital projects , including an IT scheme , but the coalition 's commitment to increase the NHS budget in real terms was still being met .
But Andy Burnham said the NHS , facing thousands of nursing job losses , was `` taking a hit '' to help fund the cut in the top rate of income tax for people earning more than £150,000 a year .
It seems that £500m of the savings are not going to be reinvested in new models of service delivery but will instead be channelled towards central government deficit reduction . Anita Charlesworth , Nuffield Trust chief economist
`` This week we saw the government 's true colours : they are handing out tax cuts to millionaires and P45s to nurses , '' they said .
`` The NHS is already suffering as the government holds back billions to pay for their unnecessary top-down reorganisation .
`` Now we learn the government is making a further £500m raid on the health budget as thousands of nursing jobs are being axed .
`` The government promised any savings would be reinvested in the NHS . Now we know the truth - the NHS front line is taking a hit to pay for tax cuts for millionaires . ''
Nuffield Trust chief economist Anita Charlesworth told the Health Service Journal that savings in the NHS were being used to reduce the deficit .
`` The argument for front-loading efficiency plans was to generate money to reinvest in transforming services so that they would be sustainable in later years as the impact of constrained funding started to bite , '' they said .
A Department of Health spokesperson said : `` We are meeting our pledge to increase the NHS budget in real terms - we are investing an extra £12.5bn the NHS over the course of this Parliament .
`` The majority of this year 's underspend is from the capital budget - mainly from savings on IT systems .
`` We have already transferred the maximum amount of capital budget permitted into next year and used some to fund part of £330m for vital projects across the NHS to benefit patients . £500m represents less than 0.5 % of the total Department of Health budget ''
Shares of Sprint and T-Mobile are up in midday trading following a CNBC report that the companies are in “ active talks ” about a merger .
They 're said to be looking at a stock-for-stock deal that would leave T-Mobile owner Deutsche Telekom in control of the combined company , with T-Mobile 's colorful CEO John Legere running operations . Sprint is controlled by Japan 's Softbank and would have a loud voice in the merged company 's affairs .
An agreement is “ weeks away , ” CNBC 's David Faber says . Negotiators have yet to determine key terms including the ratio of the stocks to be swapped .
Still , the prospect of a merger between the Nos . 3 and 4 wireless providers sent Sprint shares up 9.8 % and T-Mobile up 5.1 % .
The companies have run hot and cold about a merger over many years . Even if they agree on terms , it 's unclear whether antitrust officials would approve a deal that reduces the number of major wireless carriers from four to three .
In 2011 , AT & T abandoned its plan to buy T-Mobile after the Justice Department sued to block the deal , saying that consumer prices could rise if competition in wireless was reduced .
The Trump administration might be more open to consolidation , though — especially now that major cable operators including Comcast and Charter are beginning to introduce their own wireless services that largely depend on Wi-Fi .
This summer Sprint expressed interest in buying Charter . The cable company rejected the idea .
State by state , Planned Parenthood is being found out . State by state , their corruption and fraud are being uncovered . And state by state , Planned Parenthood is losing millions of tax dollars . Even if the Democrat-controlled federal government refuses to defund Planned Parenthood or if the Republicans cave to pressure , it is clear that “ we the people ” will not stop fighting . The funding for America 's abortion giant must be taken down – state by state , or all at once . No organization responsible for the deaths of millions – including babies and women – deserves our hard-earned money . Not in the amount of $ 487.4 million . Not in any amount .
Susan B. Anthony List is one of the groups spearheading the fight to defund Planned Parenthood .
Susan B. Anthony List grassroots activists are on the front lines in the battle to defund America 's abortion giant — Planned Parenthood . Our efforts during the federal budget fight gave Planned Parenthood a black eye and exposed the truth : it is a business centered around abortion , and a willing ally of those that wish to harm young girls in the sex trafficking business . After Washington failed to defund Planned Parenthood because of special protection from President Obama , states across the country are picking up the fight and working to defund Planned Parenthood themselves .
SBA List has released this graphic , showing the amounts that various states have taken from Planned Parenthood , sometimes giving state funds to more legitimate organizations that truly help women and families .
For instance , Oklahoma ( who will begin to defund $ 154,000 from Planned Parenthood at the beginning of 2013 ) prefers to direct needy women and children to other facilities – some as close as three miles from the Planned Parenthood centers – that do not also refer for abortions . Planned Parenthood 's performance issues and excessive cost also weighed into the state 's decision .
The state also de-funded the abortion company because Planned Parenthood 's cost per participant exceeded those of legitimate centers .
Arizona , when it defunded Planned Parenthood , did not cut money from women 's health programs . Instead , the state chose to protect the taxpayers ' interests and direct their money to organizations that care for women without killing their children . SBA List President Marjorie Dannenfelser explained ( emphasis mine ) :
Arizona is leading the charge to protect women and young girls by prioritizing taxpayer funding for entities that provide comprehensive health care , not abortion… . The Whole Woman 's Health Funding Priority Act does not cut a single penny of funding , but rather recognizes that women deserve whole-woman care , not abortion .
Ohio is currently in the process of voting to defund Planned Parenthood in the amount of $ 1.7 million . A House committee has approved the defunding , but the vote must now pass the whole House . The Guardian reports :
In a press release from Ohio Right To Life , which backed the bill , [ president Michael ] Gonidakis said : ‘ It ca n't be ignored that Planned Parenthood is one of the largest pigs at the taxpayer trough , yet fails to provide certain and basic healthcare services offered at most of the other 300 clinics . It 's time to stand up against the special interests , abortion lobbyists and their allies and instead support poor and uninsured women and their kids . ' The stated purpose of House Bill 298 is to ‘ prioritise ' funding , including federal funds , for family planning purposes . It calls for eligible public entities or other community health groups that help uninsured and underinsured women to receive money from the state departments of Health and Job and Family Services before other providers like Planned Parenthood .
Clearly , the states which are bravely moving to defund Planned Parenthood are neither leaving women in the dust nor waging a “ war on women. ” Instead , Planned Parenthood is the true anti-woman force . It 's Planned Parenthood who has cooperated with sex-traffickers , Planned Parenthood who has repeatedly lied to women about fetal development and their own health risks in abortion , Planned Parenthood who has fraudulently claimed taxpayer dollars , and Planned Parenthood who has agreed to target both black and female babies based on characteristics beyond their control .
Support Live Action 's push to defund Planned Parenthood by visiting our new site , Defund Planned Parenthood . Add your name to the growing petition , and urge our nation 's lawmakers – both federal and state – to put an end to the corruption , lies , and death that is Planned Parenthood .
Your mood may be more closely linked to your DNA than you think .
A new study has found that the same genes that make us prone to depression could also make us prone to positivity .
Psychologists in the UK and US say that the combination of tiny changes in our genes can make people more sensitive to their environment , which can change their mental outlook and affect their emotional wellbeing .
What 's more , they believe the findings could lead to more personalised approaches for treating psychological conditions .
Researchers have found that the same genes that make us prone to depression could also make us prone to positivity ( stock image )
SENSITIVE GENES Psychologists believe that a combination of a person 's genetics makes them more sensitive to their environment , which can make them more emotionally affected by it . In the study , researchers describe how building profiles of genetic risk factors could be used to work out how a person 's environment might affect them , based on their baseline genetic risk . A person with a greater number of risk these genetic factors would be more likely to be highly sensitive to the effect of their environment than someone with fewer risk factors . This information could be used to highlight who is more likely to develop a negative cognitive bias , which could lead them to depression .
Professors Elaine Fox , from Oxford University , and Chris Beevers from the University of Texas at Austin reviewed a range of research looking at genetic influence and emotional states .
They found that , overall , genetic and environmental factors have a substantial impact on a person 's emotional wellbeing .
Previous research has identified a number of genetic markers – often single letter differences in the DNA of a gene – which may be associated with someone being more or less at risk of developing a psychological condition .
But while these studies combine genetics and mental state , they typically only focus on a small number of genes and mental health conditions , explain the researchers .
The psychologists say there is a need to better combine studies in mental health genetics with a person 's own mental filters , the default way of interpreting what 's going on around them .
'Cognitive biases are when people consistently interpret situations though particular mental 'filters'–when people have a cognitive bias that emphasises negative aspects or thoughts , they are more at risk of mental health disorders , ' explained Professor Beevers .
'There is a lot of research about these biases and a lot of research about genes that may make people susceptible to mental ill health .
'However , we suggest that it could make more sense to bring together these two areas of research . '
In their paper , published today in the journal Molecular Psychology , the pair describe how building larger profiles of genetic risk factors could be used to work out how a person 's environment might affect them , based on their baseline genetic risk .
The researchers say there is a need to combine studies in mental health genetics with those that look at cognitive biases ( stock image )
NATURE OR NURTURE ? The debate over whether mental health conditions are more likely to be caused by genetics or environment has thrown up some contradictory findings . While researchers have singled out key genes as ‘ happy genes ' , it is clear that traumatic events and stressful environments can have an impact on mental health . One school of thought is that the two may be distinct , and that differentiating hardwired depression from that caused by environmental factors could lead to more precise treatments . But increasingly , a more holistic approach looks at the interaction between environmental factors and a person 's genetics , where certain risk factors giving an indication of how well they might be able to cope with stresses .
For instance , a person with a greater number of risk these genetic factors would be more likely to be highly sensitive to the effect of their environment than someone with fewer risk factors .
This information could be used to highlight who is more likely to develop a negative cognitive bias , which could lead them to depression .
'If you take a gene that is linked to mental illness , and compare people who have the same genetic variant , it becomes clear that what happens to their mental health is based on their environment , ' said Professor Fox .
'We suggest that while no gene 'causes ' mental ill health , some genes can make people more sensitive to the effects of their environment - for better and for worse .
'If you have those genes and are in a negative environment , you are likely to develop the negative cognitive biases that lead to mental disorders .
'If you have those genes but are in a supportive environment , you are likely to develop positive cognitive biases that increase your mental resilience . '
Gawker also does n't want unpaid interns and the lawyers representing them to utilize hashtags like # FairPay , # NickDenton and # LivingWage . That 's according to a report from The Hollywood Reporter .
I suppose I should add a disclaimer here : I have n't seen the letter firsthand , I have no idea if the letter is actually true and given that media has been blatantly lying about # GamerGate for the past six months , resulting in a highly defamatory and denigrating Wikipedia entry , there is a measure of reasonable doubt as to the veracity of The Hollywood Reporter 's reporting on this subject matter .
With that out of the way , according to THR , the letter to the judge from Gawker 's lawyers state…
“ Gawker wants the plaintiffs to be careful on Reddit , not connecting this lawsuit with “ unrelated controversies and political causes. ” Denton 's company gives some examples . The plaintiffs should n't attempt to leverage the GamerGate controversy by posting in the subreddit “ KotakuInAction , ” which Gawker says has expanded into general criticism of its gaming site . “ Plaintiffs apparently would like notice of the lawsuit to be added to this ‘ munitions pile , ' but there is no justification for doing so , ” states Gawker 's letter . ”
Gawker namedropping Kotaku In Action is like looking into the mirror and calling the Candy Man . That sub-reddit was designed to unleash the righteous fury of ethically motivated gamers , and at the moment Gawker is positioned in the center of cross-hairs as everything that stands in opposition to what gamers want out of their media .
In a way , it 's funny that the article from The Hollywood Reporter and the letter from Gawker admit that it 's actually about ethics . Something that The National 's executive producer , Mark Harrison , had to learn the hard way through a letter writing campaign to the CRTC , which has now moved on to investigating the CBC , as reported by a concerned Canadian citizen in the ethics hub of Kotaku in Action .
Kotaku in Action and 8chan have also utilized their consumer fury to e-mail the Federal Trade Commission , which resulted in an ongoing investigation into Gawker , as well as a reform of the site 's privacy policies regarding affiliate links and native advertising disclosure .
The Hollywood Reporter article also takes note of some of the hashtags that the lawyers for the unpaid interns wanted to leverage to help spread the word , writing that…
“ Not all hashtags are cool with Gawker . The media company wants a single general tweet about the lawsuit and if a hashtag is to be used , Gawker wants it to be # gawkerinternlawsuit . As for the no-go 's , Gawker 's lawyer Mark Batten writes , “ The hashtags # fairpay and # livingwage are inflammatory , and the Court 's approval of those would suggest that the Court has a view about the merits of this lawsuit . And the use of # nickdenton is also inappropriate ; Mr. Denton is not identified with this case , and their personal conduct is not at issue in the matter . ” ”
Now , this information was previously corroborated by Pando.com , who wrote about this incident previously , affirming that the unpaid interns ' lawyers wanted to utilize hashtags to help make the class action suit go viral . Sounds like an operation for # GamerGate .
Gawker really does n't want things like # FairPay and # LivingWage attached to their brand name , because it could be seen as damaging and help spread the word to other unpaid interns to join in the suit against them .
While mailing advertisers and utilizing Operation Disrespectful Nod is definitely damaging to Gawker 's bottom line — just the same as helping pull native advertisers out of their vendor cycle — having them lose a lawsuit that could cost them incalculably amounts of financial damage and further degrade the brand 's employment reputation could be an even bigger blow yet .
I mean , Gawker really does n't want # FairPay and # LivingWage trending alongside the mention of their name . It would be a devastating thing if either hashtag started trending because it might wake up more unpaid interns and get them involved in the lawsuit .
I did previously reach out to one of Gawker 's lawyers about the letter and the recent block by Gawker to have the unpaid interns weaponizing social media in order to spread the word about fair wages , but I have n't received a response as of the publishing of this article .
( Main image courtesy of Scrump Monkey )
Glad news from Nantwich , which hosted the International Cheese awards this week , attracting a record 5,000 entries – more than half of which were produced in the UK . It 's comforting to think that , however nasty Brexit gets , with more than 700 different varieties of British cheese to choose from , the future of the toastie is secure . ( Then again , Theresa May may justifiably envy Charles de Gaulle , who complained about the difficulties of governing a country with a mere 246 . )
While the practically minded might point out that our dominance at the awards could be down to the obvious difficulties of transporting something so pungent across international borders , we are indisputably living in a golden age for British cheese . Indeed , last month saw the launch of a more exclusive competition : Ollie Lloyd set up the Great British Cheese awards because they believe that Britain “ is in the midst of a cheese revolution ” – and the enthusiasm of fellow “ cheeseheads ” seems to back them up . More than 3,000 votes have been cast online in the first fortnight .
Demand is not just strong at home : our cheeses are increasingly fashionable abroad , with exports to France last year up 20 % from 2014 . But it was n't so long ago that the cross-channel cheese trade only went one way , and with good reason . Though cheesemaking was probably introduced to both countries by the Romans , the industrial revolution was not kind to British food culture . Farmhouses were replaced by factories , a process that reached its peak during the second world war , when shortages of milk and labour meant the production of many traditional cheeses was outlawed in favour of a handful of hard varieties . The rise of the supermarkets in the decades that followed did not encourage their revival , and it was n't until the 1970s , as part of a wider culinary awakening , that Britons began to rediscover the joy of real cheese .
It looks like stilton , tastes like stilton , smells like stilton . So why is it called Stichelton ? Read more
These days you can get anything from Hampshire mozzarella to Highland brie , but for me , you ca n't beat the classics , so ubiquitous as to be almost overlooked in the rush for the new and exotic . The jury may still be out as to whether the UK can ever make a goat cheese as aggressively capric as the sun-baked crottins of Provence , or even a really amazing emmental , but no foreign cheddar can touch a proper west country farmhouse variety for rich , nutty complexity , while my own favourite , stilton , is rightly considered one of the three kings of blue – along with French roquefort and Italian gorgonzola . Jenny Linford , author of the book Great British Cheeses , makes the case for Graham Kirkham 's raw-milk Lancashire as “ a very gentle cheese with a real taste of the dairy to it and a distinctive crumbly texture … a pleasure to eat ” ; Michelin-starred chef Frances Atkins enjoys their local Wensleydale with a slice of fruitcake .
That 's not to say there are n't new cheeses worthy of discovery . Lloyd is a fan of Londonshire , “ a really gooey white cheese ” from Tottenham , of all places , while Jasmine Reeves , from royal cheesemonger Paxton & Whitfield 's Stratford-upon-Avon shop , recommends Rollright , a reblochon-style cheese from Oxfordshire that has only been in production since last March , but has already picked up two awards .
The supreme champion in Nantwich , however , was a Dutch gouda . Perhaps those pesky Europeans still have their uses after all .
Home automation is becoming easier and easier thanks to advances in technology and more powerful mobile phones . John Storm from Torrap now wants to make it even easier and affordable to automate your home using Plugaway and your smartphone as the remote . Watch the video after the jump to learn more about the Plugaway project and see it in action .
The Plugaway system offers users a simple-to-use , super affordable Smart Plugs and LED Bulbs , that enable you wirelessly control and monitor your home directly from your smartphone . Torrap have also made their Plugaway system software open source and firmware free . The company explains a little more :
“ We studied many of the smart home electronics available today and made PLUGAWAY more compact , more intuitive , more open , and most importantly , much more affordable than anything else out there !
Plugaways already come with a pre-built , free app for the Android and iOS – it has all the basics and is so simple to set-up , it 's anxiety-free !
Yet we 've gone even further : We have decided to let everyone , including small firms , interior designers , developers , restaurant owners , even hobbyists , build an app in their own style with limitless functionality , share their skins on our website and brand the software with their logotypes . In short – to give it your personality . ”
The Plugaway project is currently over on the Kickstarter website looking to raise enough pledges to make the jump from concept to production . So if you think Plugaway is something you could benefit from , visit the Kickstarter website now to make a pledge and help Plugaway become a reality .
Source : Plugaway
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
CLOSE Todd Marinovich joins the SoCal Coyotes Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun
Former USC Trojan and Oakland Raider quarterback Todd Marinovich speaks during a press conference announcing their return to football for the SoCal Coyotes who play in Indio , July 7 , 2017 . ( Photo11 : Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun )
It 's hard not to root for a successful Todd Marinovich turnaround .
The former USC and Los Angeles Raiders quarterback prodigy , whose football career and life has famously been derailed by substance abuse on multiple occasions , was in Indian Wells on Friday for a news conference to announce that they are returning to competitive football .
The former NFL and college star who just turned 48 on July 4 , has joined the desert 's developmental football team the SoCal Coyotes after serving as an assistant coach last season . They will be in uniform and in the huddle at Shadow Hills High School for the team 's first practice Aug. 10 . That 's quite a change in scenery for Marinovich compared to where they were the previous August .
On Aug. 22 , 2016 Marinovich was tackled by their addiction again . They were arrested in Irvine when they were found naked wandering around someone 's backyard with marijuana and a paper bag with meth and syringes in it . They were cited for trespassing , possession of a controlled substance , possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of marijuana .
More : Clay Helton : Sam Darnold , USC not satisfied after Rose Bowl victory
The next month , they moved to the desert . He 's been sober ever since .
`` I ca n't really take credit for anything , '' they said to 30 or so assembled media , friends and family at Vue Grille and Bar in Indian Wells . `` The only thing that I was given was the gift of desperation , which it takes to get started . And I am a work in progress . God works in ways that I never really saw until I moved to the desert . I had no idea what I was getting myself into . I just knew I needed help and that I could n't do it alone . And this area out here has a beautiful recovery community , which I jumped into . ''
Quarterback Todd Marinovich of the Los Angeles Raiders drops back to pass against the New York Giants at the Los Angeles Memorial Stadium in Los Angeles , Calif. , on Oct. 4 , 1992 . ( Photo11 : Ken Levine/Getty Images )
Marinovich stepped to the mic , and with their first words being `` I 'm super-stoked , '' there was no mistaking that you can take the football player out of the beach , but you ca n't take the beach out of the football player . They sported a scruffy reddish beard and was dressed in orange Chuck Taylors , shorts and a T-shirt with an orange cartoon monster on it . To that they added a brand new SoCal Coyotes button up shirt and a Coyotes baseball cap .
They were comfortable in their surroundings in every way . They said being in front of the media used to be a nightmare , but since their recovery , they love talking to people .
`` The media , oh man , what a turning of the tables , because I could not stand this . I did n't like any part of it before , '' they said . `` I did n't like microphones , I did n't like cameras . Now I can stand up here and talk all day because I have nothing to hide . Before I was hiding a ton . I did n't want you to find out or did n't want you to ask certain questions . Nothing is off the table now . ''
Former USC Trojan and Oakland Raider quarterback Todd Marinovich speaks during a press conference announcing their return to football for the SoCal Coyotes who play in Indio , July 7 , 2017 . ( Photo11 : Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun )
And true to their word , Marinovich was candid about the mistakes they made in the past . It 's hard to picture the upbeat man that stood in front of us Friday , ever being down and out . In March , they were sentenced to 90 days in jail for the naked trespassing incident . They will avoid jail time if they have a successful rehab and stays out of any legal trouble for 36 months .
It was clear that there seems to be something different about this particular recovery attempt . He 's been to rehab countless times they said , but they seem to have taken a spiritual and personal left turn toward something better this time around . The change is more emotional and lifestyle-focused than simply trying to attain literal sobriety .
Todd Marinovich of the Los Angeles Raiders plays one of eight Raiders games against the Kansas City Chiefs in this 1991 file photo . ( Photo11 : Ken Levine/Getty Images )
`` When i made several attempts at recovery , I said ' I 'm going to go get treatment and then I 'm going to go back to my life , ' and that never worked , '' they said . `` Now my recovery IS my life . I 've meshed the two , so there 's no separation and really what I 've found to be driving the illness that I suffered from was separation . I was separated from the source ( points up ) , I was separated from you , and I was separated from me . And that 's no way to live . ''
The structure that comes with being part of the Coyotes football team can only help aid their recovery . They are drug tested at least once a week , and as part of the community-minded organization , they get a chance to talk to kids and young athletes at schools and juvenile halls and youth organizations about not making the same mistakes they did . They call that the most rewarding thing he 's ever done .
Oh , and another reason for this return to competitive football ? They really , really loves football .
`` It 's the greatest game on the planet and I 've been away from it for so long , and I ca n't think of anything more fun , '' they said . `` Recovery has changed every aspect of my life and made it better so why would n't that carry over to the football field ? ''
More : Voice of Sunday Night Football talks 'Miracles ' , Tony Romo in the booth , Raiders in Vegas
Marinovich is also excited for their 8-year-old son Baron and six year old daughter Coski to see them play for the first time .
The Coyotes ' coach , J. David Miller , said Marinovich 's transition from quarterbacks coach to quarterback was n't planned , but just kind of happened naturally . They said he 's come a long way since they joined the team just weeks after their most recent arrest .
`` We were n't necessarily kind to Todd at that point , '' Miller said . `` Nobody said 'You 're famous and we want to roll out the red carpet . ' No we said you 're going to have to do the work like every other Coyote . You 're going to sign the code of conduct . If you 're going to be a Coyote , you 're going to go out in the community and you 're going to walk the walk , not just talk the talk . ''
As Marinovich worked with quarterbacks and threw the ball around in practice , it became clear to Miller that Marinovich was starting to look like a former NFL player with the arm strength and the touch . The idea was hatched , but the big worry was not whether they would pass a drug test , but whether they could pass a physical . Could a 48-year-old take the beating of a football game ?
The team doctors put them through the paces . They passed with flying colors . They flew Marinovich to Portland to meet up with legendary coach Mouse Davis , the inventor of the run-and-shoot offense which the Coyotes run . Marinovich was a natural at it . And that was it . They had passed every test , and the idea became a reality .
Marinovich is ready , and they are , to use their parlance , stoked . They will be vying for the quarterback spot against 25-year-old Jacob Russell , who threw 35 touchdowns and led the team to a perfect season last year . So playing time wo n't be a gim me , but Marinovich is n't really concerned with all that .
It 's about continuing on this new positive path . I 've heard addicts talk about how they are recovered before and use a lot of the same language as Marinovich , only to fall backwards into their addiction . But something seems different about their case . He 's made me a believer .
`` Talk about comebacks . we 're not talking about football really , '' they said . `` My best friends were n't betting on me , and that 's not betting on me to come back to play football , that 's on me coming back to be on the planet . So just being right here , right now is a win . I 'm comfortable for the very first time in my own skin and man , what a gift . ''
Shad Powers is a columnist for The Desert Sun . They can be reached at 760-778-4627 or shad.powers @ desertsun.com . Follow them on Twitter ( @ shad_powers ) , Instagram ( @ shad40 ) or on Facebook .
08/17/2006 -- Shad Powers , Sports . ( Photo11 : Crystal Chatham )
SoCal Coyotes
What : A developmental pro football team which began play in the desert in 2012 , similar to a football version of the Palm Springs Power . They have a 73-13 record overall .
Where : The team practices and plays its home games at Shadow Hills High School .
Schedule : The first day of practice is Aug. 10 . The first game of the season is Sept. 2 , a home game at 1 p.m . They also have 1 p.m. home games on Sept. 16 and Oct. 14 .
More info : Thesocalcoyotes.com or follow them on Facebook and Twitter @ TheSoCalCoyotes
Republicans believe they have identified a potent weapon in their fight against President Obama 's regulatory agenda .
GOP lawmakers plan to employ the seldom-used Congressional Review Act ( CRA ) , which gives lawmakers the power to formally disapprove of major agency rules , as they seek to ratchet up their attacks on federal red tape .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` It has n't been possible to use this in a divided Congress , ” House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte Robert ( Bob ) William GoodlatteIt 's time for Congress to pass an anti-cruelty statute DOJ opinion will help protect kids from dangers of online gambling House GOP probe into FBI , DOJ comes to an end MORE ( R-Va. ) told The Hill , `` but now that it is , we certainly are interested in reviewing regulations to make sure they meet with congressional intent . ”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( R-Ky. ) began threatening to use the CRA to stop regulations last year , after the Environmental Protection Agency proposed a rule aimed at cutting carbon emissions from new power plants .
“ That 's why I , along with about 40 Republican co-sponsors ... intend to file a resolution of disapproval under the Congressional Review Act to ensure a vote to stop this devastating rule , ” they said at the time .
While Obama can and likely will veto any efforts to undo regulations through the CRA , the threats carry more weight now that Republicans control both chambers of Congress .
Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman James Inhofe James ( Jim ) Mountain InhofeTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Allies wary of Shanahan 's assurances with looming presence of Trump On The Money : Trump to sign border deal , declare emergency to build wall | Senate passes funding bill , House to follow | Dems promise challenge to emergency declaration MORE ( Okla. ) and other Republicans are zeroing in on the EPA , believing they can use the Review Act against rules for new and existing power plants , water , ozone and coal ash .
“ There is widespread agreement among Republicans and the business community that the EPA under the Obama administration is out of control and it 's taking things to the extreme , ” a senior aide to Inhofe said .
`` The CRA has been used sparingly in the past and some folks may say it 's too aggressive , but frankly the aggressive nature of this administration 's regulations demands an aggressive response . ''
Lawmakers have only struck down one rule under the Congressional Review Act in 43 attempts , according to the Government Accountability Office . In 2001 , Republicans repealed the Clinton administration 's controversial ergonomics rule aimed at curbing workplace injuries .
The window for action under the CRA is short ; the law can only be used against a regulation in the first 60 days after it is enacted . But the disapproval resolutions can not be filibustered , which means Republicans would only need a simple majority in both chambers to pass them .
It is unlikely , however , that Republicans would be able to muster enough Democratic votes to override an Obama veto of any measure striking down major regulations .
“ It 's an exercise in futility for Republicans , because the way the CRA works is Congress has to pass it , but then it has to be signed into law by the president , and it 's very unlikely the president would sign off on this , '' said James Goodwin , senior policy analyst at the left-leaning Center for Progressive Reform .
`` These are their rules , they made them a priority , and they made them a priority for good reason , '' they added .
But Republicans believe that forcing Obama to stand behind their `` job-killing '' regulations will sour voters on their message and turn the political tides in their favor .
`` This shows that Congress is really legislating , and it 's President Obama and some of their allies in Congress that are getting in the way , ” an aide to Sen. Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in their honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation their version of power grab MORE ( R-Utah ) told The Hill .
`` It 's going to demonstrate to the American people that it 's President Obama standing in the way of our good ideas , and not the other way around . ''
Assuming all Republicans are behind a CRA measure , Republicans would need 13 Democrats in the Senate and 45 Democrats in the House to override an Obama veto .
GOP aides admit that would be a “ tough hill to climb , ” but said they hope to recruit centrist Democrats from red states to join them in tackling some of the more controversial rules .
Inhofe 's staff says the EPA 's rules for water and ozone are ripe for the picking , because of widespread public opposition .
The EPA says the Waters of the U.S. rule is intended to clarify the agency 's authority over smaller bodies of water like ponds and streams , but farmers oppose it as an unconstitutional `` land grab . ''
The ozone rule , meanwhile , would limit air pollution around the country , but faces staunch resistance from business groups that say it could be the most expensive regulation in history .
If nothing else , using the Congressional Review Act will put Democrats on record as to whether they stand with the president on certain policies .
“ The desire of Democrats to distance themselves from the president is only beginning to grow , ” the senior Inhofe aide said . “ One of the best ways they can distance themselves is by voting to overturn bad regulations . ”
( Production Prototype In Action )
Color Voting Update - 06/11/12 at 6:11 AM MST
The Voting is Over , we have a winner ! Black - 32 , Blue -11 , Clear - 9 , Red - 2 , Gold - 2 , Green - 1
At last !
A 3D Printer that delivers the resolution you crave .
Right from the beginning I wanted the B9Creator to be different . Anodized aluminum construction , stainless steel hardware , many thoughtful features that enhance normal operation ... all these things set the B9Creator apart from the DIY 3D Printer herd . But when it comes to printing complex , detailed and fragile objects , this is where the B9Creator really shines bright !
DIY 3D Printers based upon the Fused Deposition Modeling ( FDM ) concept simply can not match the higher resolution capability of the B9Creator . We utilize a powerful Digital Light Processing ( DLP ) projector to shine a 1024 x 768 pixel image onto a layer of photo-initiated polymer resin . The result is a quick solid cure of the entire layer in one operation . The layer thickness is typically 100 microns but your model can be sliced even thinner if you need even higher resolution . Note that 100 microns is .1 mm or about 0.004 ''
How about speed ? Anywhere from 12-20 mm per hour and that 's independent of the object 's x-y density ( unlike FDM which slows down as the x-y fill density increases ) .
`` But how much does that resin cost ? '' The Eiffel Tower model pictured here weighs about 12 grams . Our resin costs about 10 cents per gram , making the material costs to print the Eiffel Tower just $ 1.20 !
As you will see below , the project development is already well along and is about set for production . All we need now is your support and a large initial order to keep the costs reasonable .
So ... What will you create ?
( Eiffel Tower model printed at 100 micron resolution )
Here 's `` The PLAN ''
1 - Develop a new type of high resolution 3D Printer ... DONE !
I began working on this concept last fall . At times it felt like it might never work ... but it did !
( Working on resin development )
( Trying out different ideas )
( Youtube video describing early design concept )
( Final R & D prototype .. it works ! )
2 - Engineer a solid production design based on the R & D ... DONE !
( Production design using CAD )
( Final production design , CAD rendering )
3 - Fabricate and assemble a production prototype ... DONE !
( The assembled production prototype )
4 - Secure professional vendors to fabricate components , bag the hardware kit , build circuit boards and wiring harnesses ... DONE !
( Custom components fabricated by my US based vendors )
What 's next ?
- Order everything needed to build 10 demo units to verify the quality , labeling , fit & finish of vendor supplied components . DONE , waiting for parts to arrive .
- Once vendor components arrive , assemble the 10 production units and test , test and test again ! Feedback any required changes to my vendors and finalize product . Estimated completion : May 31st .
- At the completion of our Kickstarter campaign ( June 12th ) , order all required components and materials . Begin shipping Resin to customers NLT June 30th .
- Assemble and ship kits and completed units starting as soon as components arrive . Priority will be in order of pledge date with early backers receiving their items first .
- Complete shipping of all items no later than August 31st , 2012 .
- Once obligations to supporters are met , I will post all original hardware ( CAD ) files and software ( source code ) publically under an open source license .
Our supply chain is forged from strong links !
The key to successful completion of this project is our excellent partnerships with experienced and reliable vendors , which are based here in the US . From hardware to electronics to fabrication , we enjoy `` time tested '' relationships with our suppliers . This foundation will ensure we deliver a quality B9Creator 3D printer or kit just as promised . Check out our past project testimonials : http : //www.lostinspacerobot.com/testimonials.html
Read the FAQ
We have started a FAQ on our website and will do our best to keep it up to date as questions arise . More FAQ 's at the bottom of this page too !
Vote for you favorite color scheme !
`` I love it when a plan comes together ! ''
All the objects below were created on the B9Creator prototype or pre-production prototype machines .
More images ... ( visit the Gallery on our website for more )
Want more images ... visit the Gallery on our website !
New Delhi : The alleged murder of the Arunachal Pradesh student Nido Tania has led to a demand for a stringent law against racist comments , behaviour and attacks to stop the growing incidents of maltreatment of students and young employees coming to Delhi from North-East .
NESO chairperson Samujjal Bhattacharya , in a statement released in Guwahati , said that the Prime Minister , who is themselves a Rajya Sabha member from Delhi , should take the lead in bringing such a stringent law against people spreading racial hatred .
However , this is not the first incident of racist attitude towards people from the Northeast .
People from this region come to the capital in search of work and help their families financially but they become victims of molestation , racial attacks and rapes .
Here we give you 10 such gruesome incidents which took place in the past .
When designing , I try to encourage the use of light blues and greens into colour schemes for bedrooms . Blue evokes a calm atmosphere and is known to slow the heart rate , whilst green is associated with restoration and harmony . Together , the calming effect of these colours help ensure a good night 's rest .
Living areas on the other hand can be looked at from a different perspective . These are areas where people communicate and entertain so the room needs to reflect the energy flow . Because of this , there is plenty of scope to play around with colour in the kitchen , dining and living spaces . Vibrant shades of green , blue , yellow , and orange are friendly , happy colours that encourage communication and are therefore especially welcome in these areas .
Warm hues such as orange and yellow raise the perceived temperature of a room . For this reason , they 're best used in rooms that face north as they will make the room feel warm even when the sunshine is elsewhere . However , the energy these colours bring into a room can make it feel less restful so are best avoided in rooms meant for relaxation , or just used as an accent colour .
Dark greys and black can also be introduced in some environments to help bring down the energy in the room and allow the accent colours to break through more subtly . In this living area above , a dark floor and table helps balance the vibrant colour of the lights and seating cushions . This is also an easier way to introduce colour to a room if you are wary of using too much of it .
Colour is an important part of designing a room and thought must be given as to how you use it . When looking at colours that are on trend , think about choosing the shade of colour that is right for the space , or accent a room with hints of colour so they can easily be changed when the next trend comes around .
Written by JT
It 's time to crown a new savage for 2017 .
This time , it 's seventh grader Jaxon Jester of Dekalb , Georgia .
This week , Jackson 's school went on a field trip to CNN 's Atlanta headquarters but they are n't too jazzed about it . So they wore a shirt making fun of CNN 's logo with the letters “ FNN ” and “ fake news network ” underneath .
This kid should get a “ Special Invite ” to the White House ! Their school NIXED their T-Shirt on a field trip to CNN ! They should receive a “ Medal ” for Bravery ! Ha ! FNN : Fake News Network ! “ A rising STAR ! ” pic.twitter.com/U40hJUOdeX — Larry Josephs ( @ lljosephs ) November 17 , 2017
Fortunately for CNN but very unfortunately for Jaxon , their school mandated they take the shirt off to participate in the field trip .
The Jesters were unhappy about this decision – and rightfully so . They claim it violated their son 's First Amendment rights .
Peachtree Charter Middle School later issued an apology to the Jesters but the damage was done . The town of Dekalb was ablaze with debate and online forums fervently discussed the ethics of the matter . Many people actually defended the school 's censorship and claimed it was the Jester 's responsibility to curb their kid 's political views .
Jaxon 's dad , Stan wrote a blog to try to shed light on the situation . They wrote the following :
This year when the CNN tour was announced , my 7th grade son Jaxon asked me if they could purchase an FNN-Fake News Network shirt to wear for their field trip . As an advocate for the First Amendment , I agreed to their request . They picked out the shirt they wanted and and ordered it from Amazon . Their mother cautioned them that they might cause a controversy and needed to be prepared for that . They were fully aware of the implications of their decision and made the affirmative choice to wear their shirt .
Stan says he 's “ disappointed by the hypocrisy of the situation ” and dismayed by how the school handled their son 's situation .
“ I defend speech and expression , even if I disagree , or it makes me uncomfortable , ” they continued .
We all know that the only thing worse than your parents being mad is when they 're “ disappointed. ” It 's a shot to the gut . And it looks like Stan Jester is coming right for Peachtree Charter Middle School with their disappointment . And Jaxon is getting a firsthand look at the lengths cowardly leftist enablers are willing to go in order to shelter their slanderous networks .
I think it 's probably safe to say we 'll see Jaxon fighting the good fight on Capitol Hill in a few years .
News in Science
Birds of a feather do n't share a sick bed
House finches avoid sick members of their own species , say scientists , in a finding that could be useful for tracking the spread of diseases like bird flu that also affects humans .
Laboratory tests showed that the house finch , a particularly social North American species ( Carpodacus mexicanus ) , was able to tell the difference between sick and healthy fellow birds and tended to avoid those that were unwell .
This was the first time that avoidance of sick individuals , already observed in lobsters and bullfrog tadpoles , has been shown in birds , according to a paper published in the journal Biology Letters .
`` In addition , we found variation in the immune response of house finches , which means that they vary in their ability to fight off infections , '' says co-author Maxine Zylberberg of the California Academy of Sciences .
`` As it turns out , individuals who have weaker immune responses and therefore are less able to fight off infections , are the ones who most avoid interacting with sick individuals . ''
This all meant that there were differences between individual birds ' susceptibility to disease , the time it would take them to recuperate and their likeliness to pass on the disease .
`` These are key factors that help to determine if and when an infectious disease will spread through a group of birds , '' says Zylberg - and how quickly .
`` This becomes particularly important for us in trying to figure out and predict when and how infectious diseases that affect both birds and ourselves ... will spread through wild bird populations and end up in areas where wild birds and humans interact extensively , creating the opportunity for these diseases to cross over from birds to humans . ''
The H5N1 strain of avian influenza , commonly known as bird flu , spreads from live birds to humans through direct contact .
It causes fever and breathing problems and has claimed 359 human lives in 15 countries , mainly in Asia and Africa , from 2003 to August of this year , according to the World Health Organisation .
Taekwondo may be the only Olympic sport with an upgrade cycle as fast as the iPhone 's .
The sport draws heavily on ancient Japanese and Chinese martial arts , but tradition is yielding to modernity as taekwondo adopts sophisticated gear and new rules to secure its Olympic future . In taking these steps , the World Taekwondo Federation has brought more excitement to matches and greater transparency to scoring . And it has changed the sport as competitors embrace new tactics along with new technology .
When competition begins Wednesday in Rio , competitors will for the first time don headgear that electronically scores kicks to the head , just as the vests first seen four years ago in London record blows to the chest . Fighters will step onto an octogonal mat instead of a square . And spinning kicks , which are harder to execute , will earn more points . `` It 's been a bit of a learning curve , ” said Steven Lopez , a five-time olympian on Team USA and the most decorated athlete in the sport 's history .
The changes followed controversial decisions during the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing , where taekwondo used a decidedly analog scoring system : Referees watching bouts with their eyeballs . They missed a clear point in the final seconds of the quarterfinal match between Sarah Stevenson of Great Britain and Chen Zong of China , then took the unprecedented step of reversing their ruling after spending an hour scrutinizing video and arguing vigorously .
More bruising to the sport 's reputation was the men 's heavyweight bronze medal bout between Angel Valodia Matos of Cuba and Arman Chilmanov of Kazakhstan . Matos was leading when they injured their foot , prompting the ref to call the match after a lengthy medical time-out . Matos , feeling the man ended things too quickly , expressed their displeasure by kicking them in the face . Officials banned Matos for life and the International Olympic Committee put the sport on notice .
`` Taekwondo had a bad stigma after 2008 , '' says Stephen Lambdin , a member of the US squad here in Rio . `` We came up for renewal in the 2020 Olympics . And basically the word on the wire was that the IOC said , ‘ If you do n't do something in 2016 , that 'll be your last Olympics . ' ''
The IOC stresses transparency and objectivity above all in scoring , and has steered sports like fencing in that direction with electronic scoring equipment . Subjective scoring is n't as obvious a scourge as doping , but it too threatens the ideals of fair play . No less troubling , a confusing scoring system renders the sport inaccessible .
`` The IOC wants people to turn on the TV and immediately know what 's going on , '' Lambdin says . Under the scoring system used until 2008 , the score did n't always align with the action . A clearly lopsided match might end with a 3-2 tally , `` and the Average Joe is looking at it going , ' I do n't understand , this guy was beating the crap out of the other guy . ' ''
After Beijing , the World Taekwondo Federation introduced electronic scoring equipment and a revamped point system for London . A kick to the head earn three points instead of one , and technical moves like spinning kicks garner an extra point . Now competitors can overcome a huge deficit with a few brilliant strikes . New penalties discourage stepping out of bounds or flopping to the mat , and the octagonal mat eliminates corners , encouraging a more fluid fight .
The changes are designed to engender faster , more aggressive fighting—which , not uncoincidentally , makes for better television . Some traditionalists see these changes creating “ foot fencing , ” where competitors conservatively protect the chest while holding a foot aloft for the occasional quick strike . But Lambdin considers the gadgetry a natural extension of traditional rules . “ You have to hit the opponent with a certain amount of force in the scoring area , ” they say “ Now there 's just a way to enforce it . ”
The scoring system appearing in Rio , made by martial arts equipment manufacturer Daedo , relies upon three primary pieces of hardware . The chest guards and helmets feature proximity and impact sensors . Footpads , lined with magnets , activate the sensors just before a kick lands , assessing the force and awarding a point . This data is transmitted wirelessly to the judges .
Like cellphones and laptops , the gear steadily improves . Athletes use terms like “ iteration ” and “ second-gen system ” to describe their equipment , and occasionally discover bugs in updates . `` Certain areas on the chest guard score easier by default , '' says Jackie Galloway of Team USA . That 's led to “ phantom points , ” a problem Daedo says it has addressed for Rio . Frequent upgrades can be annoying , Galloway says , but “ It 's nice to have a little objectivity . ”
Referees are n't out of a job just yet . They watch intently , using handheld electronic devices to score infractions and to award additional points for technique . No matter how sophisticated the electronic scoring becomes , it never will be perfect . That 's led to the latest innovation : the challenge card , for those times when competitors disagree with the machines scoring them .
Dr. Farid Fata ( Photo : Zuma Press )
A mouthful of missing teeth . Chronic pain all over the body . Unrelenting weakness in joints and muscles . Even death . Those were some of the claims that Dr. Farid Fata 's victims heaped upon them at their sentencing trial this week for administering at least 2,000 unnecessary chemotherapy treatments .
Fata admitted to misdiagnosing and exposing their cancer patients to unneeded and excessive rounds of chemotherapy to collect payments from both them and their insurance companies . They were sentenced on Friday to 45 years in prison by U.S. District Judge Paul Borman — which will most likely cover the rest of the 50-year-old 's natural life .
The sentence was greater than the 25 years that the defense advocated for , but well under the 175-year maximum requested by the prosecution . In total , their scam affected roughly 550 victims and racked up $ 34.7 million in payments . Fata 's restitution hearing is still coming ; they have already agreed to turn over $ 17.6 million .
Prior to the announcement , Fata 's attorney argued that a sentence over 25 years would result in death , due to their client 's diabetes and hypertension , and asked that they “ see light of day before they go. ” According to court reporters , Fata stood next to their lawyer and appeared to be crying .
View photos
In total , their scam affected roughly 550 victims and racked up $ 34.7 million in payments .
“ I do not know how I can heal the wound . I do not know how to express the sorrow and the shame , ” Fata said to victims and families as they addressed the court prior to their sentencing . “ The quest for power is self-destructive . They came to me seeking compassion and care . I failed . Yes , I failed , ” they said , according to Detroit 's Channel 4 .
View photos
Back in September , Fata pleaded guilty to “ 13 counts of health care fraud , two counts of money laundering , and one count of conspiracy to pay and receive kickbacks , ” according to the Detroit Free Press . Some of the patients never even showed evidence of having had cancer , something whistleblower Dr. Soe Maunglay began noticing in records soon after they were hired at Fata 's practice , in 2012 .
Fata 's former patients , and the loved ones of those who had passed , had a chance to speak in court this week .
“ Farid Fata , I hate you , ” said Laura Stedtfeld , whose father passed away while under Fata 's medical care , according to US News & World Report . “ You are repulsive . You disgust me . You are a monster . … You poisoned , tortured , and murdered my dad . ”
It was a safe prediction that I made earlier this week that the Activist Old Media would work to destroy Mitt Romney 's choice for vice president . The attacks began even before the early morning announcement of Paul Ryan .
Witness CNN late Friday night . John King calls Ryan a “ risky pick , ” then adds , “ the Ryan Budget that Romney has now embraced has some very controversial choices , some tough choices. ” Controversial ? It 's the only budget that has actually passed . It 's been more than three years since Harry Reid has even brought a budget to the Senate to vote on , because they know America would vote against any Senator foolish enough to vote for a Reid budget . Then there 's Barack Obama 's budget plan . It did n't get a single vote . Not a single vote . 414-0 were the results against the Obama budget ( hey , at least they united Congress on that issue . ) King calls the Ryan Budget “ controversial , ” when Democrat efforts have been totally futile , or no effort at all .
Wolf Blitzer joined the fray and said that the Ryan Budget will be the major attack zone for Barack Obama . Like King , they failed to mention that Reid does n't have the guts to present a budget , and Obama got shutout .
Brilliant media people , when you mention the Ryan Budget , give us some context and tell us what the Democrats have done . Tell your viewers who the Party of “ NO ” is . If you have forgotten , read the previous two paragraphs again .
Oh , there have been positive things said about Ryan as well . It 's still early . He 's a nice guy who has working class roots and they are absolutely brilliant . Witness the way they take apart ObamaCare in front of President Obama , and you will see fearlessness at it 's finest .
But make no mistake , the attacks have started , and they will get more intense as the Activist Old Media sees Ryan will be a major threat to protecting the power of their beloved Democrats . Then when they fail , they will say , “ oh well , the VP pick is not all that important anyway . ”
Oh ya , Ryan hunts elk with a bow and arrow and loves rock music . I will proudly make the Ted Nugent comparison before my friends in the media create the graphic .
Follow Ron Futrell on Twitter @ RonFutrell
Black Sabbath have announced what is being billed as the legendary metal band 's final tour .
`` It 's the beginning of the end , ” says the new video , which you can check out below .
“ It started nearly five decades ago with a crack of thunder , a distant bell ringing and then that monstrous riff that shook the earth . The heaviest rock sound ever heard . In that moment heavy metal was born , created by a young band from Birmingham , England , barely out of their teens .
“ Now it ends , the final tour by the greatest metal band of all time , Black Sabbath . Ozzy Osbourne , Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler close the final chapter in the final volume of the incredible Black Sabbath story . Black Sabbath 's farewell tour , ‘ The End , ' begins January 20 , 2016 , and it promises to surpass all previous tours with their most mesmerizing production ever . When this tour concludes , it will truly be the end , the end of one of the most legendary bands in rock and roll history , Black Sabbath . ”
So , as we await word of another ( final ? ) studio album from the band , be sure to check all their available dates below . More dates are scheduled to be announced in October . Details on tickets , VIP packages and more for the North American shows can be found via Live Nation .
Black Sabbath ‘ The End ' 2016 Tour :
North American Tour Dates :
1/20 – Omaha , Neb . @ CenturyLink Center
1/22 – Chicago , Ill. @ United Center
1/25 – Minneapolis , Minn. @ Target Center
1/28 – Saskatoon , Saskatchewan @ Sasktel Centre
1/30 – Edmonton , Alberta @ Rexall Centre
2/01 – Calgary , Alberta @ Scotiabank Saddledome
2/03 – Vancouver , British Columbia @ Rogers Arena
2/06 – Tacoma , Wash. @ Tacoma Dome
2/09 – San Jose , Calif. @ SAP Center
2/11 – Los Angeles , Calif. @ The Forum
2/13 – Las Vegas , Nev. @ Mandalay Bay Events Center
2/15 – Denver , Colo. @ Pepsi Center
2/17 – Kansas City , Mo . @ Sprint Center
2/19 – Detroit , Mich. @ The Palace of Auburn Hills
2/21 – Hamilton , Ontario @ FirstOntario Centre
2/23 – Montreal , Quebec @ Bell Centre
2/25 – New York City , N.Y. @ Madison Square Garden
Australia/New Zealand Tour Dates :
4/15 – Perth @ Perth Arena
4/17 – Adelaide @ Entertainment Centre
4/19 – Melbourne @ Rod Laver Arena
4/23 – Sydney @ Allphones Arena
4/25 – Brisbane @ Entertainment Centre
4/28 – Auckland @ Vector Arena
4/30 – Dunedin @ Forsyth Barr Stadium
The bitcoin developers are about to reduce the transaction fees on the bitcoin network tenfold , thanks to the relatively high value of the digital currency .
Transaction fees are small amounts paid to send bitcoin transactions around the network ( think of them like postage stamps ) and to get miners to confirm them by including them in a mining block . They 're paid in satoshis ( tiny amounts of bitcoins ) , which means that as the price of bitcoin rises , the transaction fees get higher .
Recent fluctuations in the bitcoin world may have set the price yo-yoing , but that does n't mean that it is n't doing relatively well . The CoinDesk Bitcoin Price Index is still hovering in the $ 540 range at the time of writing , a little over six times the price last July , when the Index was first introduced .
Making it cheaper to send transactions
The core developers first started discussing the possibility of slashing transaction fees for the coin around three months ago , in this post on the mailing list . At the time , developer Mike Hearn mentioned that the last reduction in transaction fees were about six months earlier , from 50k satoshis to 10k satoshis , in the 0.8.2 release of the reference client ( which was released in May 2013 ) .
That held up for a while , but with the spike in pricing , it puts the average transaction fee at around 5 cents of the US dollar . This latest patch would reduce it to half a cent .
There are two thresholds to meet when creating a bitcoin transaction and deciding what fee to charge , explains core developer Jeff Garzik . The first enables the network to relay your transaction , while the second persuades bitcoin miners to include your transaction in a block that they are mining . The first must occur before the second , so that the transaction gets to the miners in the first place .
“ In order to avoid spam , there is a hardcoded minimum , to avoid relaying transactions across the payment network that will never confirm ( due to low fees or other reasons ) , ” said Garzik . “ This anti-spam minimum had not been adjusted since before the large price increase . Now , it 's been adjusted . ”
The change is still working its way through the development process , though , said Hearn .
“ It 's what 's currently in git master , although of course that 's open to be changed any time before the final release of 0.9 , ” they said .
Git is the online version control system used by the core developers to manage the various submissions to the code , and ‘ master ' is the ‘ official ' version , although this does n't mean that it has actually been released .
“ Actually 0.9 should have been out already , ” Hearn continued . “ We went to a [ release candidate ] 1 , but the recent malleability stuff means that it got delayed a bit I think . ”
The one worry with lowering these hard-coded relay transaction fees is that it could open the door to denial of service attacks , in which people take advantage of very low transaction fees to flood the system with useless transactions designed to clog up the network . Gavin Andresen , who heads up the open source development team behind bitcoin , has explained that the ‘ dust ' rule , which defines a minimum amount that can be sent over the network , is set by the transaction relay fee .
“ I really do n't want to start playing whack-a-mole with spamming DoS attacks , ” said Andresen . One proposal to try and limit spam involves restructuring the bitcoin memory pool ( this is the collective memory around the network , that holds bitcoin transactions that have been received but not yet confirmed ) .
“ I 'd much rather get to a floating fee system with NO hard-coded relay fee rule sooner , ” Andresen has said . What they mean is that ultimately , transaction fees wo n't be hard coded at all .
Garzik calls hard coded fees a bug , and a dynamic system of ‘ floating ' transaction fees is preferable . In this scenario , the free market would decide both the relay limits and the block inclusion thresholds .
This is what smart fees are about . This enhancement to the bitcoin client would see both relay and mining fees handled dynamically , said Garzik . Only transactions likely to be confirmed in the blockchain within 48 hours would be relayed .
Smart fees are n't yet complete , though , so for now , lowering the transaction fees is a way to make it cheaper to relay transactions . Let 's just hope it does n't create a deluge of crud along the way .
Mechanism image via Shutterstock
Draft is a series about the art and craft of writing .
Looking back on too many years of education , I can identify one truly impossible teacher . They cared about me , and my intellectual life , even when I did n't . Them expectations were high — impossibly so . They were an English teacher . They were also my mother .
When good students turn in an essay , they dream of their instructor returning it to them in exactly the same condition , save for a single word added in the margin of the final page : “ Flawless. ” This dream came true for me one afternoon in the ninth grade . Of course , I 'd heard that genius could show itself at an early age , so I was only slightly taken aback that I had achieved perfection at the tender age of 14 . Obviously , I did what any professional writer would do ; I hurried off to spread the good news . I did n't get very far . The first person I told was my mother .
My mother , who is just shy of five feet tall , is normally incredibly soft-spoken , but on the rare occasion when they got angry , they were terrifying . I 'm not sure if they were more upset by my hubris or by the fact that my English teacher had let my ego get so out of hand . In any event , my mother and their red pen showed me how deeply flawed a flawless essay could be . At the time , I 'm sure they thought they were teaching me about mechanics , transitions , structure , style and voice . But what I learned , and what stuck with me through my time teaching writing at Harvard , was a deeper lesson about the nature of creative criticism .
First off , it hurts . Genuine criticism , the type that leaves an indelible mark on you as a writer , also leaves an existential imprint on you as a person . I 've heard people say that a writer should never take criticism personally . I say that we should never listen to these people .
Criticism , at its best , is deeply personal , and gets to the heart of why we write the way we do . Perhaps you 're a narcissist who secretly resents your audience . Or an elitist who expects herculean feats of your reader . Or a know-it-all who ca n't admit that stylistic repetition is sometimes annoying redundancy . Or a wallflower who hides behind sparklingly meaningless modifiers . Or an affirmation junkie who 's the first to brag about a flawless essay .
Unfortunately , as my mother explained , you can be all of these things at once .
Them red pen had made something painfully clear . To become a better writer , I first had to become a better person . Well before I ever read it , I came to sense the meaning of Walt Whitman 's “ Song of Myself. ” And I faced the disturbing suggestion that my song was no good .
The intimate nature of genuine criticism implies something about who is able to give it , namely , someone who knows you well enough to show you how your psychic life is getting in the way of good writing . Conveniently , they 're also the people who care enough to see you through the traumatic aftermath of this realization . For me the aftermath took the form of my first , and I hope only , encounter with writer 's block .
It lasted three years .
Franz Kafka once said : “ Writing is utter solitude , the descent into the cold abyss of oneself. ” My mother 's criticism had shown me that Kafka is right about the cold abyss , and when you make the introspective descent that writing requires you 're not always pleased by what you find . But , in the years that followed , their sustained tutelage suggested that Kafka might be wrong about the solitude . I was lucky enough to find a critic and teacher who was willing to make the journey of writing with me . “ It 's a thing of no great difficulty , ” according to Plutarch , “ to raise objections against another man 's oration , it is a very easy matter ; but to produce a better in its place is a work extremely troublesome. ” I 'm sure I wrote essays in the later years of high school without my mother 's guidance , but I ca n't recall them . What I remember , however , is how they took up the “ extremely troublesome ” work of ongoing criticism .
There are two ways to interpret Plutarch when they suggest that a critic should be able to produce “ a better in its place. ” In a straightforward sense , they could mean that a critic must be more talented than the artist they critique . My mother was well covered on this count . ( She denies it , but she 's still a much , much better writer than I am . ) But perhaps Plutarch is suggesting something slightly different , something a bit closer to Cicero 's claim that one should “ criticize by creation , not by finding fault. ” Genuine criticism creates a precious opening for an author to become better on their own terms — a process that 's often excruciating , but also almost always meaningful .
My mother said they would help me with my writing , but first I had to help myself . For each assignment , I was to write the best essay I could . Real criticism is n't meant to find obvious mistakes , so if they found any — the type I could have found on my own — I had to start from scratch . From scratch . Once the essay was “ flawless , ” they would take an evening to walk me through my errors . That was when true criticism , the type that changed me as a person , began .
They chided me as a pseudo-sophisticate when I included obscure references and professional jargon . They had no patience for brilliant but useless extended metaphors . “ Writers ca n't bluff their way through ignorance. ” That was news to me — I 'd need to find another way to structure my daily existence . They trimmed back my flowery language , drew lines through my exclamation marks and argued for the value of understatement . “ John , ” they almost whispered . I leaned in to hear her : “ I ca n't hear you when you shout at me. ” So I stopped shouting and bluffing , and slowly my writing improved .
Somewhere along the way I set aside my hopes of writing that flawless essay . But perhaps I missed something important in my mother 's lessons about creativity and perfection . Perhaps the point of writing the flawless essay was not to give up , but to never willingly finish . Whitman repeatedly reworked “ Song of Myself ” between 1855 and 1891 . Repeatedly . We do our absolute best with a piece of writing , and come as close as we can to the ideal . And , for the time being , we settle . In critique , however , we are forced to depart , to give up the perfection we thought we had achieved for the chance of being even a little bit better . This is the lesson I took from my mother : If perfection were possible , it would n't be motivating .
John Kaag is an associate professor of philosophy at the University of Massachusetts Lowell and former visiting assistant professor of expository writing at Harvard . They are the author of the forthcoming book “ Finding Westwind : A Story of American Philosophy. ” And yes , Becky Griffith Kaag , their mother and a former high school English teacher , took their editing pen to this essay .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nadia Murad explains how they escaped Islamic State in Iraq more than two years ago
Two Yazidi women who escaped sexual enslavement by so-called Islamic State ( IS ) in Iraq have won Europe 's top human rights award , the Sakharov prize .
Nadia Murad Basee and Lamiya Aji Bashar were among thousands of Yazidi girls and women abducted by IS militants and forced into sexual slavery in 2014 .
But both survived and now campaign for the Yazidi community .
The freedom of thought prize is awarded annually in memory of Andrei Sakharov , a Soviet scientist and dissident .
The two women were nominated by the liberal Alde group in the European Parliament . Group leader Guy Verhofstadt described them as `` inspirational women who have shown incredible bravery and humanity in the face of despicable brutality '' .
European Parliament President Martin Schulz said it was `` a very symbolic and significant decision to support these two survivors who came to Europe as refugees '' .
They went on : `` We as [ the ] European parliament are now supporting them in their fight for , not only the dignity we have to grant to everybody , but also for their fight to give testimony as a witness to these atrocities . ''
'Spoils of war '
Tens of thousands of Yazidis were forced to flee their homes after IS fighters took the northern Iraqi town of Sinjar in August 2014 .
Thousands of women and girls were treated as `` spoils of war '' and openly sold in slave markets to IS militants . They were separated from the men and boys , many of whom were shot dead .
Ms Murad was 19 when they were abducted from their home in the village of Kocho , near Sinjar , and taken to Mosul , where they were tortured and raped .
They later managed to flee , but they lost six brothers and their mother in the Sinjar assault .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Sinjar was liberated just over a year after IS first took the strategic town
Ms Bashar , also from Kocho , attempted to flee their captors several times during their 20 months in captivity before they finally succeeded . They were just 16 when they were abducted .
Yazidis , whose religion includes elements of several faiths , are considered infidels by IS .
The UN says IS committed genocide against Yazidis in Iraq and Syria in a premeditated attempt to exterminate an entire community of 400,000 people .
A number of Yazidi mass graves were discovered north of Sinjar mountain after Kurdish forces retook the town in November 2015 .
Since their escape , Ms Murad has become a prominent advocate in highlighting the plight of the Yazidis in the region .
Other finalists for the Sakharov prize included Crimean Tatar activist Mustafa Dzhemilev and exiled Turkish journalist Can Dundar .
Last year 's winner was Saudi blogger Raif Badawi , who is currently serving a 10-year prison sentence which includes 1,000 lashes for `` insulting Islam '' online .
President Trump 's remarks on Friday that they would not rule out a “ military option ” to quell the chaos in Venezuela set off a late-night diplomatic duel , with the defense minister accusing Mr. Trump of “ an act of madness ” and the White House saying it had turned away a call from Venezuela 's president .
“ It is an act of supreme extremism , ” Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino López said late Friday in Caracas , the capital .
“ As our minister of defense and a Venezuelan citizen , ” they added , “ I say it is an act of madness . ”
About an hour later , the White House issued a statement saying that Mr. Trump had refused to take a phone call on Friday from Venezuela 's president , Nicolás Maduro .
“ Today , Nicolas Maduro requested a phone call with President Donald J. Trump , ” the White House said . “ President Trump will gladly speak with the leader of Venezuela as soon as democracy is restored in that country . ”
The continued rise of Victor Cruz and the new-found harmony between DB Antrel Rolle and head coach Tom Coughlin has us wondering who you think is the Giants ' MVP this season - where the `` P '' is gon na stand for person , as Tom Coughlin may deserve some votes .
Let 's start with Coughlin - and to do that , let 's go back to August and the end of the lockout . Most Giants fans on NJ.com were convinced that there was a talent drain and very little influx for the Giants as the rest of the league went into a free-agent frenzy . Most Giants fans commenting on NJ.com thought that spelled doom . Why did n't it ? Could it be that the Giants ' brass - as opposed to the brass 90 miles south on I-95 - had their talent figured right ? Could it be that the Giants ' coaching staff knew that what they had to work with could be enough ? And then did Coughlin get it done , without any star-studded free agents , despite an injury-riddled defense ? They got it done enough to win the NFC East .
Who is the Giants regular season MVP ?
And then three players stand out as possibilities .
• Victor Cruz , who started the season as a possible fill-in for the departed Steve Smith , ended up breaking the team receiving yardage record . Their highlight reel is n't just full of spectacular plays - it 's full of game-winning plays .
• Jason Pierre-Paul was the first-round draft pick many NJ.com Giants fans loved to hate . Now , with the off-field tumult that sometimes characterized the Giants ' d-line off the field , JPP was responsible for the tumult on the field , shredding protection schemes , making teammates better , running their nonstop motor all over the field .
• Eli Manning 's detractors usually brush aside the Super Bowl ring as an aberration , but it seems to have been a precursor of the real Eli - and last year was the aberration . In a year when , coincidentally or not , their brother was stuck off the field , Eli has completely come into their own as a passer , as a quarterback in the fullest sense of the word and as a leader .
Vote in our poll and explain your vote below . Who 's your Giants Most Valuable Person for the regular season ?
Glenn Beck announced in a live show that they have sold their Connecticut mansion and will be leaving the New York City area .
Wire Update caught the performance , which was being held in Albany on Saturday and streamed online , and reported that Beck had said that their home has been sold .
The house has been on the market since December 2009 . Back then , Beck , who had bought the house in 2005 , was selling the property for just under $ 4 million ( $ 250,000 less than when they first bought it ) . The 8,720 square foot colonial sits on 2.8 acres in New Canaan , Connecticut .
Beck also talked about the new media empire they intend to build once their departure from a daily role at Fox News is complete . Among other things , they said they will be building a `` research department '' and develop a `` new way to communicate with each other . '' And , they said , they will be leaving New York City .
`` As we build a new media I 'm not building it in New York , '' they said . TVNewser reported , however , that even if Beck leaves , their company , Mercury Radio Arts , will continue to have many of its operations in New York .
Abstract Background & Aims Patients with diarrhea-predominant IBS ( IBS-D ) anecdotally report symptom improvement after initiating a very low-carbohydrate diet ( VLCD ) . This is the first study to prospectively evaluate a VLCD in IBS-D. Methods Participants with moderate to severe IBS-D were provided a 2-week standard diet , then 4 weeks of a VLCD ( 20 grams of carbohydrates/day ) . A responder was defined as having adequate relief ( AR ) of gastrointestinal symptoms for 2 or more weeks during the VLCD . Changes in abdominal pain , stool habits , and quality of life ( QOL ) were also measured . Results Of the 17 participants enrolled , 13 completed the study and all met the responder definition , with 10 ( 77 % ) reporting AR for all 4 VLCD weeks . Stool frequency decreased ( 2.6 ± 0.8/day to 1.4 ± 0.6/day ; p < 0.001 ) . Stool consistency improved from diarrheal to normal form ( Bristol Stool Score : 5.3 ± 0.7 to 3.8 ± 1.2 ; p < 0.001 ) . Pain scores and QOL measures significantly improved . Outcomes were independent of weight loss . Conclusion A VLCD provides adequate relief , and improves abdominal pain , stool habits , and quality of life in IBS-D .
Introduction Irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS ) is a heterogeneous disorder , and sub-classifications of diarrhea-predominant IBS ( IBS-D ) and constipation-predominant IBS ( IBS-C ) have been identified.1 However , the pathophysiology of IBS is not well understood . The role of diet in IBS has been investigated because patients frequently identify worsening of symptoms after meals and often cite particular foods as triggers of their IBS symptoms.2 Nevertheless , data from clinical trials is insufficient to allow for specific dietary recommendations.3-5 Previous research has suggested a role for dietary carbohydrates in worsening IBS symptoms.6 , 7 Our combined clinical experience indicates that patients with IBS-D report improvement in their gastrointestinal symptoms after initiating a very low-carbohydrate diet ( VLCD ) . However , no study has investigated the effect of a VLCD in patients with IBS-D . The purpose of this study is to prospectively assess the effect of a VLCD on gastrointestinal symptoms and quality of life among patients with IBS-D .
Method Subjects A total of 17 participants who met Rome II criteria for IBS-D were enrolled in this study.8 Only individuals with moderate or severe symptoms were included , based on a score of > 36 using the Functional Bowel Disorder Severity Index ( FBDSI ) .9 Participants were required to have a body mass index of > 25kg/m2 . Individuals with a history of inflammatory bowel disease , any gastrointestinal surgery , diabetes or other serious medical conditions , previous use of a VLCD , or use of narcotics or weight loss medications were ineligible . Antidepressants were allowed if the dose had been stable for at least 4 weeks prior to enrollment . Routine blood tests were performed to exclude other disorders that might produce symptoms similar to IBS-D. All subjects provided written informed consent , and the study was approved by the institutional review board of the University of North Carolina ( UNC ) . Study Design and Diet All prospective participants met with a dietitian prior to study enrollment . All meals were provided for all six weeks of the study by the metabolic kitchen of the adult General Clinical Research Center ( GCRC ) at UNC . The energy content provided in the meals was designed to achieve weight maintenance for the entire study period . Estimates of energy expenditure were calculated using the Harris-Benedict equation with an adjustment for activity level.10 A standard diet was provided for the first two weeks of the study , approximating the diet for the average adult American , according to the NHANES study.11 Approximately 55 % of calories were from carbohydrates , 30 % from fat , and 15 % from protein . During the final four weeks , participants consumed a VLCD in which carbohydrates were limited to 20 grams per day . For the VLCD , approximately 51 % of calories were from fat , 45 % from protein , and 4 % from carbohydrates . This distribution is consistent with those used in previous studies evaluating very low-carbohydrate diets.12 , 13 Participants received meals three times a week . They returned any uneaten portions to the GCRC so that actual energy intake could be calculated . Participants were also strongly discouraged from consuming any food other than what was provided to them by the GCRC kitchen . Outcomes The primary outcome was adequate relief of IBS-D symptoms during the VLCD phase.14 Participants completed a one-item questionnaire at the end of each of the four weeks of the VLCD , assessing whether they had adequate relief of their IBS symptoms for the week . A responder was defined as reporting adequate relief in at least two of the four weeks on the VLCD . Participants also completed daily diary cards for all 6 weeks of the study . They recorded the number of bowel movements for each day , stool consistency ( using the Bristol Stool Scale ( BSS ) that ranges from 1 ( hard/lumpy ) to 7 ( watery ) ) , and abdominal pain.15 Daily abdominal pain scores were assessed using a 100-mm visual analog scale , with scores ranging from 0 ( no pain ) to 100 ( severe pain ) . The Irritable Bowel Syndrome Quality of Life ( IBS-QOL ) 16 and Sickness Impact Profile ( SIP ) 17 questionnaires were completed at the end of the two-week standard diet and again at the completion of the four-week VLCD . Statistical Methods Paired t-tests were used to analyze changes in IBS-QOL and SIP scores . Trend regression analysis was used to assess changes in average abdominal pain rating , stool frequency , and stool consistency during the four weeks of the VLCD compared to the two weeks of the standard diet . We made an a priori decision to evaluate whether outcomes were different between individuals who lost more than 3 kg compared to those who lost less than 3 kg . Data were analyzed using SAS V.8.0 ( SAS Institute Inc. , Cary , NC ) .
Results A total of 17 individuals were enrolled . The participants were predominantly women ( n=15 ) and white ( n=14 ) . The mean ( ±SD ) age in years was 46 ± 10 , and the mean BMI was 32.0 ± 4.8 kg/m2 . One participant dropped out during Week 1 of the study ( intolerance of standard diet ) , and three participants dropped out during Week 3 of the study ( two due to intolerance of the VLCD and one due to emotional symptoms ) , and 13 completed all 6 weeks . All 13 participants who completed the study were responders who reported adequate relief of IBS-D symptoms for at least 2 of the 4 weeks during the VLCD , and 10 participants ( 77 % ) reported adequate relief for all four weeks . All 13 participants reported adequate relief in the last week of the VLCD . With regard to secondary outcomes , participants reported a significant decrease in stool frequency with the VLCD , decreasing from 2.6 ± 0.8 bowel movements/day during the standard diet to 1.4 ± 0.6 bowel movements/day during the VLCD ( p < 0.001 ) . Participants reported an improvement in stool consistency ( ) , with the average Bristol stool score decreasing from 5.3 ± 0.7 on the standard diet to 3.8 ± 1.2 during the VLCD ( p < 0.001 ) . Abdominal pain scores improved ( ) , with average daily abdominal pain scores decreasing from 26 ± 18 during the standard diet to 10 ± 10 during the VLCD ( p=0.007 ) . Open in a separate window Open in a separate window Quality of life was significantly improved with the VLCD when compared to the participant 's standard diet . IBS-QOL scores improved from 71 ± 22 on the standard diet to 81 ± 13 ( p=0.02 ) on the VLCD . SIP scores improved from 5.5 ± 6.4 on the standard diet to 2.3 ± 3.6 on the VLCD ( p=0.001 ) . Finally , participants did lose an average of 3.1 ± 1.7 kg during the study ( p < 0.0001 ) , but improvement for all outcomes were similar for those who lost less than 3 kg ( n=6 ) compared to those who lost more than 3 kg ( n=7 ) .
Discussion The purpose of this prospective trial was to assess the effect of a VLCD in IBS-D . The results provide preliminary evidence that a VLCD provides adequate relief of IBS-D symptoms , decreases abdominal pain , improves stool frequency and consistency , and improves quality of life . All 13 participants who completed the 6-week study reported adequate relief of their IBS-D symptoms for at least two of the four weeks . More impressively , 10 of these 13 participants reported adequate relief for all four weeks . This is the first study to assess the effect of a low-carbohydrate diet in individuals with IBS-D , though previous research has investigated the role of carbohydrates in IBS.6 , 7 One study of 239 individuals with either IBS or non-specific functional bowel complaints showed an improvement in symptoms after elimination of some combination of sorbitol , lactose , or fructose for one month.6 Additionally , King et al found that individuals with IBS have abnormal colonic fermentation of carbohydrates.7 They found that an exclusion diet that reduced the load of potential offending carbohydrates improved IBS symptoms . However , several studies have shown similarly high rates of abnormal colonic fermentation of carbohydrates in healthy volunteers.18 , 19 Also , not all studies have shown benefit when the potential offending carbohydrate is removed from the diet.20 This study has a few limitations . Our study represents the experience of 17 individuals , with 13 participants completing all 6 weeks . The results must be confirmed in larger numbers . Three participants who dropped out did so primarily because of difficulty following a restrictive diet . There is no a priori reason why the drop out group would be different from those who completed the study with regard to treatment benefit . The other main limitation is the lack of a standard control group . Although participants served as their own control for several outcomes , a placebo effect may explain the positive findings , particularly for subjective outcomes such as abdominal pain . However , the use of daily diary cards helps to obviate subjective interpretation or recall bias by providing a systematic and objective measure of daily bowel habits . Finally , most of the participants were women who were overweight or obese , so it is uncertain if these responses would be seen in men or normal-weight individuals . Despite these limitations , this study found objective evidence that overweight and obese individuals initiating a VLCD had a profound clinical response in their IBS-D symptoms . This finding requires further investigation to identify mechanisms by which a VLCD affects the symptoms of IBS-D . This will elucidate additional dietary and pharmacologic methods for managing patients with IBS-D .
Acknowledgments This research was supported by a research grant from the Atkins Foundation , the UNC Gastrointestinal Biopsychosocial Research Center NIH R24 DK067674 and in part by a grant from the National Institutes of Health T32 DK 07634 . Facility support for this study has been provided by the UNC General Clinical Research Center .
Footnotes No conflicts of interest exist for the authors of this manuscript . The sponsors were not involved in the data collection , data analysis , or data interpretation in preparing this manuscript . Publisher 's Disclaimer : This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication . As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript . The manuscript will undergo copyediting , typesetting , and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final citable form . Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content , and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain .
If anything makes Americans stand tall internationally it is . “ American ingenuity ” is admired everywhere . We are not the richest country ( at least not as measured by smallest percentage in poverty ) , nor the healthiest ( far from it ) , nor the country whose kids score the highest on standardized tests ( despite our politicians ' misguided intentions to get us there ) , but we are the most inventive country . We are the great innovators , specialists in figuring out new ways of doing things and new things to do . Perhaps this derives from our frontier beginnings , or from our unique form of democracy with its emphasis on individual freedom and respect for nonconformity . In the business world as well as in academia and the arts and elsewhere , creativity is our number one asset . In a recent IBM poll , 1,500 CEOs acknowledged this when they identified creativity as the best predictor of future success . [ 1 ]
It is sobering , therefore , to read Kyung Hee Kim 's recent research report documenting a continuous decline in creativity among American schoolchildren over the last two or three decades . [ 2 ]
Kim , who is a professor of at the College of William and Mary , analyzed scores on a battery of measures of creativity—called the Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking ( TTCT ) —collected from normative samples of schoolchildren in kindergarten through twelfth grade over several decades . According to Kim 's analyses , the scores on these tests at all grade levels began to decline somewhere between 1984 and 1990 and have continued to decline ever since . The drops in scores are highly significant statistically and in some cases very large . In Kim 's words , the data indicate that “ children have become less emotionally expressive , less energetic , less talkative and verbally expressive , less humorous , less imaginative , less unconventional , less lively and passionate , less perceptive , less apt to connect seemingly irrelevant things , less synthesizing , and less likely to see things from a different angle . ”
According to Kim 's research , all aspects of creativity have declined , but the biggest decline is in the measure called Creative Elaboration , which assesses the ability to take a particular idea and expand on it in an interesting and novel way . Between 1984 and 2008 , the average Elaboration score on the TTCT , for every age group from kindergarten through 12th grade , fell by more than 1 standard deviation . Stated differently , this means that more than 85 % of children in 2008 scored lower on this measure than did the average child in 1984 . Yikes .
You might wonder how creativity can be assessed . By definition , any test with questions that have just one right answer or one correct pathway to solution is not a test of creativity . The Torrance Tests were developed by E. Paul Torrance in the late 1950s , when they were an education professor at the University of Minnesota . During the immediate post-Sputnik period , the U.S. was concerned with identifying and fostering giftedness among American schoolchildren , so as to catch up with the Russians ( whom we mistakenly thought were ahead of us in scientific innovation ) .
While most of Torrance 's colleagues focused on standard measures of as a path toward doing this , Torrance chose to focus on creativity . Their prior work with fighter pilots in the Air Force had convinced them that creativity is the central variable underlying personal achievement and ability to adapt to unusual conditions . [ 3 ] They set about developing a test in which people are presented with various kinds of stimuli and are asked to do something with them that is interesting and novel—that is , creative . The eventual result was the set of tests that now bear their name . In the most often used of these tests , the stimuli are marks on paper -- such as a squiggly line or a set of parallel lines and circles—and the task is to make drawings that incorporate and expand on those stimuli . The drawings are scored according to the degree to which they include such qualities as originality , meaningfulness , and .
The best evidence that the Torrance Tests really do measure creative potential come from longitudinal research showing strong , statistically significant correlations between scores on the TTCT and subsequent real-world achievements . [ 4 ] As the authors of one article commenting on these results put it , high scorers “ tallied more books , dances , radio shows , art exhibits , software programs , campaigns , hardware innovations , music compositions , public policies ( written or implemented ) , positions , invited lectures , and buildings designed ” than did those who scored lower . [ 5 ]
Indeed , the TTCT seems to be the best predictor of lifetime achievement that has yet been invented . It is a better predictor than IQ , high-school grades , or peer judgments of who will achieve the most . [ 6 ] The correlation coefficients found between childhood TTCT scores and real-world adult creative achievements have ranged from a low of about .25 to a high of about .60 , depending on which tests are included and how adult creative achievements are assessed . [ 6 ]
So , the decline in TTCT scores among school-aged children indeed does appear to be cause for concern . Kim themselves calls it the “ creativity crisis , ” and that term has been picked up in a number of articles in popular magazines .
Well , surprise , surprise . For several decades we as a society have been suppressing children 's freedom to ever-greater extents , and now we find that their creativity is declining .
Creativity is nurtured by freedom and stifled by the continuous monitoring , evaluation , adult-direction , and pressure to that restrict children 's lives today . In the real world few questions have one right answer , few problems have one right solution ; that 's why creativity is crucial to success in the real world . But more and more we are subjecting children to an educational system that assumes one right answer to every question and one correct solution to every problem , a system that punishes children ( and their teachers too ) for daring to try different routes . We are also , as I documented in a previous essay , increasingly depriving children of free time outside of school to play , explore , be bored , overcome boredom , fail , overcome failure—that is , to do all that they must do in order to develop their full creative potential .
In the next essay in this series , I will present research evidence that creativity really does bloom in the soil of freedom and die in the hands of overdirective , overprotective , overjudgmental teachers and .
-- -- -- -- --
And now , what are your thoughts on all this ? In your experience , what fosters or inhibits creativity ? Have you seen evidence that either corroborates or counters Kyung Kim 's findings of a decline in creativity or the suggestion that current schooling practices and other restrictions on children 's freedom inhibit children 's creative development ?
As always , I prefer if you post your comments and questions here rather than send them to me by private email . By putting them here , you share with other readers , not just with me . I read all comments and try to respond to all serious questions . Often , other readers whose answers are better than mine respond to posted questions . Of course , if you have something to say that truly applies only to you and me , then send me an email .
-- -- -- -- -- --
See new book , Free to Learn
References
[ 1 ] IBM 2010 Global CEO Study : Creativity Selected as Most Crucial Factor for Future Success . http : //www-03.ibm.com/press/us/en/pressrelease/31670.wss .
[ 2 ] Kyung Hee Kim ( 2011 ) . The creativity crisis : The decrease in creative thinking scores on the Torrance Tests of Creative Thinking . Creativity Research Journal , 23 , 285-295 .
[ 3 ] Garnett Millar , Christine Dahl , and John Kauffman ( 2011 ) . Testing the whole Mind—educating the whole child. ” Illinois Association for Gifted Children Journal , Spring , 2011 issue .
[ 4 ] Mark A. Runco , Garnet Millar , Selcuk Acar , & Bonnie Cramond ( 2010 ) Torrance tests of creative thinking as predictors of personal and public achievement : A fifty-year follow-up . Creativity Research Journal , 22 , 361-368 .
[ 5 ] Mo Bronson & Ashley Merryman ( 2010 ) . The creativity crisis . The Daily Beast , July 10 , 2010 . The Daily Beast , July 10 , 2010. http : //www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/2010/07/10/the-creativity-crisis.html .
[ 6 ] See : Mark A. Runco , Garnet Millar , Selcuk Acar , & Bonnie Cramond ( 2010 ) Torrance tests of creative thinking as predictors of personal and public achievement : A fifty-year follow-up . Creativity Research Journal , 22 , 361-368 . Also : Kyung Hee Kim ( 2008 ) . Meta-analysis of the relationship of creative achievement to both IQ and divergent thinking scores . Journal of Creative Behavior , 42 , 106-130 .
New version is out and it 's the first one which starts to focus on ESI import . Historically , 3rd party apps only had old XML API available . This API is error-prone , has long cache timers and does n't support citadels at all . ESI , when finally arrived , solved some of those issues . Unfortunately , ESI is not complete yet – some endpoints are totally missing ( like corporation ones ) , while some are very unstable . Evernus tries to use the stable ones to fetch more accurate data ; currently those are : character info , assets ( including in citadels ) and market orders . There is support for wallet data , but the endpoint is too unstable to use .
When you first launch this new version you will be prompted for which API to use . If you wish to have more data , choose ESI . If you experience problems – switch back to XML API , or simply stick with it for now . New endpoint support will be added in the future .
Full change log :
The lead scientist on an e-cigarette study that sparked a wave of controversy has issued a correction clarifying the study did not find e-cigarette vapor was as harmful as cigarette smoke .
Dr. Jessica Wang-Rodriguez was the lead researcher on a study published in “ Oral Oncology ” claiming two e-cigarette products “ damaged cells in ways that could lead to cancer . ”
The study was showered with criticism for not representing any real world e-cigarette use and misleading the public about the risks of vaping .
The original press release accompanying the research made clear that it “ did n't seek to mimic the actual dose of vapor that an e-cigarette user would get . ”
But that did n't stop major media outlets presenting the study 's findings as if they were . ( RELATED : Media Are Distorting Dubious Study Claiming E-Cigarettes Can Cause Cancer )
In wake of hyperbolic media coverage and heavy criticism , Rodriguez wrote this correction which was added to the study 's press release :
Contrary to what was stated or implied in much of the news coverage resulting from this news release , the lab experiments did not find that e-cigarette vapor was as harmful to cells as cigarette smoke . In fact , one phase of the experiments , not addressed in the news release , found that cigarette smoke did , in fact , kill cells at a much faster rate . However , because similar cell-damage mechanisms were observed as the result of both e-vapor and regular cigarette smoke , Dr. Wang-Rodriguez asserts , based on the evidence from the study , that e-cigarettes are not necessarily a healthier alternative to smoking regular cigarettes . As stated in the journal paper and the news release , further research is needed to better understand the actual long-term health effects of e-cigarettes in humans .
The correction is a substantial departure from the message given out in the original statement . One of Rodriguez 's more eye-catching comments in the release , which remains unaltered and was widely picked up by the media , was “ I believe they ( e-cigarettes ) are no better than smoking regular cigarettes . ”
Rodriguez 's opinion is way outside the medical mainstream and a host of public health professionals criticized them remarks .
“ Not only is this conclusion baseless , but it is damaging to the public 's health . It undermines decades of public education about the severe hazards of cigarette smoking , ” Dr. Michael Siegel , professor in the Department of Community Health Sciences at Boston University School of Public Health told The Daily Caller News Foundation .
“ To declare that smoking is no more hazardous than using e-cigarettes , a non-tobacco-containing product is a false and irresponsible claim . ”
Nevertheless , their comments were seized on by elements of the media , most notably The Daily Telegraph 's science editor Sarah Knapton who ran with the headline : “ E-cigarettes are no safer than smoking tobacco , scientists warn . ”
Following the publication of Knapton 's piece , medical statistician Adam Jacobs , writing at Stats Guy , labeled their piece the “ most dangerous , irresponsible , and ill-informed piece of health journalism of 2015 . ”
Knapton 's piece came in for even harsher criticism after they tweeted that “ all the latest evidence points to e-cig vapor being just as harmful as tobacco . ”
Rodriguez 's correction will be welcomed by many but the former Director of Action on Smoking and Health Clive Bates was unimpressed .
Irresponsible San Diego # ecig cell study authors issue muddled correction and blame press . https : //t.co/HPFoqVXdKW pic.twitter.com/CJtlpX8kPz — Clive Bates ( @ Clive_Bates ) January 12 , 2016
Photo Credit : Vaping360/http : //vaping360.com/juul/juul-vapor-review/
Follow Guy on Twitter
Send tips to guy @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
This Wednesday , NBC 's brazenly unfunny sitcom Whitney returns , in all its anachronistic tired battle-of-the-sexes glory . Despite being one of the most critically panned series , let alone sitcoms , of the 2011-2012 TV season , star Whitney Cummings has inexplicably been given another chance to bore you to death with them and co-star Chris D'elia 's oh-so-wacky couples ' banter . If that sounds strange given the vitriol , do n't be so impressed by the renewal .
TV has long awarded disgustingly large episode orders to some of the worst , most groan-worthy situational comedies . Complex has counted down the 25 Least Funny Sitcoms of All Time for your side-splitting pleasure .
RELATED : The 25 Most Annoying Kid Characters on TV
RELATED : The 50 Most Ridiculous Lifetime Movies
RELATED : The 50 Hottest Funny Girls of All Time
Written by Frazier Tharpe ( @ The_SummerMan )
Follow @ ComplexPopCult
GLX : On 19/4 , a water park in Hanoi , Vietnam called ‘ Ho Tay ' opened for free admission from 8AM-10AM ( GMT+7 ) . The chaos was terrifying , when the staff decided to close the gate due to overcrowd . Many people tried to climb over the fences to get in .
However , that was the least of the problem .
Inside , at the lazy river area , around 70 to 80 guys ( even men who already had wives and kids ) went together in groups . Whenever they saw girls , they started attack them by splashing water and WORST part was , they pushed their head down , DROWNING them and at the same time , RIPPED OFF Them BIKINI and started MOLESTED them Some girls fainted and despite all the crying and screaming for help from friends , the group of animals wo n't stop . They even PULL girls standing near the river down and started doing all those nasty things . AT LEAST , 20 girls were being sexually assaulted .
There was a girl with their bikini torn apart and all the guys surrounding her , cat calling :
The victims after they went home had anonymously leaved confessions . Here are some of the confessions :
# 1 : We were holding onto the swim ring at the lazy river for about 3 minutes . Then we heard a commotion at the back , as we turned around we saw hundreds of boys crowded the whole river , screaming and going towards the three of us . I was shock and choked on water , many arms pushed my head down . I felt my breast and my private area being grab and pull and scratch very painful , my butt was groped too . My bikini top was pull up to my neck and the bottom was pull till my knee . Even though i was choking , but i felt clearly someone was fingering me , my legs was spread apart . My head was still pressed down , I was out of breath and I thought I was going to drown . The water go up my nose to my brain , my throat . Those arms scratch and pull me up , my head hit the coping . Then there was people grab my hair , my arm to pull out of the swimming pool . I was coughing really hard so I did n't even realize I was completely naked…
# 2 : I was swimming in the lazy river with my friends . Behind us , all the boys kept splashing water like crazy , we were so freak out that all of us decided to go out of the river . As we just got out , one of my friend , who were still near the river , were pulled down and dragged to the centre of the river and was being splashed water and their head was pressed down . We saw our friend being surrounded by bunches of guys , we kept crying and called out : please help my friend , someone please help my friend . Around us , people kept on using phone to record and laugh like they were at the circus .
# 3 : My sister went with their friends . When they came back , they were crying their eyes out . Their necks , shoulders and thighs are full of scratches and bruises .
# 4 : It was too crowded so my boyfriend and I just played near the swimming pool coping . Suddenly I saw on my boyfriend head some milky fluid , when I touched , it was slippery and a bit thick . I dragged my boyfriend out of the pool immediately and asked them to wash their hair and we went home right after . Those animals masturbated in the swimming pool .
The facebook of the guy who started all these nasty thing had been tracked down .
And many other guys went home and updated their facebook status about their “ achievements ” at the water park like how many boobs they had grabbed or how many girls they 'd molested on that day .
However , the Vice Managing Director of the water park said that “ There was NO such thing as sexually assaulted at the water park , it 's just their bikini quality ” regarding about the girls who had their bikini ripped .
Those guys are currently trying to take down photos of themselves and facebook statuses that they 've updated . But luckily , all of those have been screencapped . Most of their identities are revealed and all over the internet .
Even worse , when all the news are up , the comments make me sick to my stomach , many of them said that it 's THE GIRLS FAULT for wearing bikini .
LIKE HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO DRESS TO GO TO WATER PARK ? ARMOR ?
THOSE ANIMALS THOUGHT THEY 'RE GOING TO GET AWAY WITH IT AND APPARENTLY AT THIS RATE , THEY WILL .
SO I AM HERE TRANSLATING THIS INCIDENT TO YOU GUYS HOPING THIS WILL SPREAD AS FAR AS POSSIBLE .
PLEASE SHARE AND POST WHEREVER YOU WANT . YOU DO N'T HAVE TO CREDIT ME OR ANYTHING . JUST SHARE AND HOPEFULLY IT WILL REACH BIG NEWS SITES OR ORGANISATIONS .
PLEASE HELP THE VICTIMS GAIN JUSTICE . I HOPE THIS WILL GO BIG ENOUGH TO PUT PRESSURE ON THE VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT TO PUNISH THOSE GUYS .
UPDATE : A professional psychologist with a Master 's Degree of Education said : “ It 's THE GIRLS ' FAULT for not knowing how to protect themselves . ”
They said “ First thing first about this issue , the one who should be BLAMED THE MOST ARE THE GIRLS , in the environment where people are naked 80 % or more , the action ( referring to molestation and rape ) is inevitable . ”
They also mentioned that it 's the environment that can cause someone to lose their control over excitement and that 's why the girls should know how to protect themselves , like if you want to protect your valuables , for example , motorbike , then you should lock it carefully etc .
Another VICTIM BLAMING by a person who has high education . I 'm so fucking done with all this shit .
Send us your letters at mail @ redwiretimes.com
Find us on Facebook ! https : //www.facebook.com/redwire.singapore
The Cybernorms research group at Sweden 's Lund University partnered with The Pirate Bay earlier this year to carry out the largest survey among file-sharers in history . 75,000 people from all over the world participated in the study , and today the researchers revealed some of the initial results . Girls do n't fancy The Pirate Bay , most pirates download movies , and they are increasingly worried about their anonymity .
In April , The Pirate Bay renamed itself to The Research Bay to conduct the largest ever survey among file-sharers together with the Cybernorms research group at Lund University .
The Cybernorms group researches how the Internet creates new social norms in society , and to what extent these norms are or should be reflected in relevant legislation . Ultimately , the researchers hope the collated knowledge and insights will help legislators to draft more sensible laws .
The Pirate Bay supported survey was a great success and in just a few days 75,000 people responded . Although the final results wont be made public before November , the researchers are already teasing some key figures .
Unsurprisingly perhaps , the researchers find that only 5 percent of the respondents are female . Although it could just mean that girls/women are less likely to fill in surveys on their file-sharing habits , the result certainly suggests that BitTorrent is still very much a boys/men thing .
If we look at some other data sources , such as Google 's site profiles , females are indeed underrepresented . Although the percentages are higher than in the survey , most popular torrent sites get approximately 20 percent female visitors . BTJunkie is the most appealing to girls with 26 percent .
Going back to the survey results , the researchers report that the majority of the respondents are young men between the ages of 18 and 24 . Within this group the download habits do n't vary much between cultures . Whether they come from India , Africa , the United States or Europe , when it comes to file-sharing they are very much alike .
Perhaps more surprisingly , there 's no difference between men and women when it comes to the content they download . Both men and women download the same amount of porn , and the same is true for sports . The only gender difference comes from games , which 60 percent of men download compared to 25 percent of the women .
Content-wise , movies are by far the most sought after . More than 80 percent of all respondents say they 've downloaded movies . This is more than twice as much as the people who 're interested in music .
According to the researchers it wont be easy to stop people from sharing files . Aside from seeking more ways to download torrents anonymously , the respondents are also increasingly seeking alternative sharing options , such as swapping USB-sticks and sharing files directly with friends via mobile phones .
In the coming weeks the researchers will delve deeper into the data and the full results are expected to be released in November . Aside from the lack of girls , some interesting patterns should emerge from the file-sharers ' brains .
Washington , DC , May 10 , 2012 – More than year after the National Security Archive sued the CIA to declassify the full `` Official History of the Bay of Pigs Operation , '' a U.S. District Court judge today sided with the Agency 's efforts to keep the last volume of the report secret in perpetuity . In their ruling , Judge Gladys Kessler accepted the CIA 's legal arguments that , because Volume V was a `` draft '' and never officially approved for inclusion in the Agency 's official history , it was exempt from declassification under the `` deliberative process privilege '' despite having been written over 30 years ago . The National Security Archive called the decision `` a regrettable blow to the right-to-know '' and vowed to press the Obama administration to force the CIA to adhere to the President 's Executive Order 13526 that `` no information shall remain classified indefinitely . '' The volume , titled `` CIA 's Internal Investigations of the Bay of Pigs Operations , '' was written by CIA historian Jack Pfeiffer in 1981 . It forcefully critiqued the scathing investigative report written in the immediate aftermath of the paramilitary attack – by the CIA 's own Inspector General , Lyman Kirkpatrick – which held CIA planners fully responsible for the worst debacle in the Agency 's covert history . In court papers , CIA officials described Pfeiffer 's critique as `` a polemic of recriminations against CIA officers who later criticized the operation . '' `` When it comes to protecting its own , the CIA appears to have a double-standard on history , '' said Peter Kornbluh who directs the National Security Archive 's Cuba Documentation Project which brought the FOIA lawsuit . Kornbluh noted that the CIA had no problem declassifying Volume IV of the official history–also a draft– in which Pfeiffer attacked both President Kennedy for their role in setting restrictions on the overt elements of what was supposed to be a covert , and `` plausibly deniable , '' operation , as well as Attorney General Robert Kennedy for their role in the Presidential commission , led by Gen. Maxwell Taylor , that investigated the failed invasion . `` Apparently , the CIA sees no problem in the American public reading a 'polemic of recriminations ' against the White House , '' according to Kornbluh . `` But the CIA claims 'historical accuracy ' as a reason to withhold documents critical of its own officials . '' In their ruling , Judge Kessler stated that `` disclosure of a draft history would risk public release of inaccurate historical information . '' They also cited the arguments of CIA Chief Historian David Robarge that `` disclosure of Volume V would have a chilling effect on CIA 's current historians who would henceforth be inhibited from trying out innovative , unorthodox or unpopular interpretations in a draft manuscript . '' But the Archive characterized the CIA 's effort to cast itself as guardian of accurate and honest history as an exercise in cynicism . `` The idea that the CIA can advance the cause of accurate historical analysis by hiding history from the peer review of the public is preposterous , '' Kornbluh stated . They noted that it was the Agency 's selective declassification of the Pfeiffer volumes that fostered inaccurate historical information . `` The real chilling effect of the CIA 's selective cover up is on the public 's ability to access and analyze the complete historical record on the Bay of Pigs . '' The Archive 's lawsuit did yield the release of Volumes I , II , and IV . Volume III was previously released under the Kennedy Assassination Records Act in 1998 . Those four volumes can be read here . Judge Kessler 's Decision , May 10 , 2012 National Security Archive 's Complaint , April 14 , 2011
Named Pigna tree houses , the structures were created by Tarvisio-based architect Claudio Beltrame in collaboration with DomusGaia , an Italian firm that manufactures wooden prefabricated homes .
Newsletter Joins the Tiny Homes Newsletter Get carefully curated content filled with inspiring homes from around the world , innovative new products , and the best in modern design Brighten Up Your Inbox
The tree houses were first developed for an architectural competition in 2014 , but later became part of a Tarvisio mountain farmhouse retreat called Malga Priu and are now available for holiday rentals through sustainable vacation rental agency Ecobnb .
Inspired by the shape of pinecones , the tree houses ' frames are made with cross-laminated Xlam timber with wooden fiber insulation . Larch wood shingles are used to create a cladding around the egg-shaped exteriors , creating a pine-like texture .
Approximately 28 feet tall , each compact , 377-square-foot tree house is raised about 33 feet off the ground .
The living areas are spread across three levels and connected by wooden stairs . Curved windows with 360-degree views and sliding doors on the first level , along with two sheltered balconies on the second level , frame spectacular Alpine views .
Each structure is anchored to the trees that surround it , and both levels of each house can be accessed via a walkway or outdoor stairs . The first level also includes a panoramic sheltered terrace .
The living room , kitchen , bathroom , and balconies are located on the second level .
The third level includes a domed bedroom with a skylight right above the double bed at the top of the structure .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lucie Jones and Danyl Johnson both competed on X Factor in 2009
This year 's UK Eurovision hopefuls have been revealed - and every one of them is a former X Factor contestant .
Among the more recognisable names are Lucie Jones and Danyl Johnson , who both featured in the 2009 series , which was eventually won by Joe McElderry .
Jones 's song has the best pedigree : Never Give Up On You is written by 2013 Eurovision winner , Emmelie de Forest .
TV talent has good form at Eurovision , with two previous winners graduating from singing contests like X Factor .
Image caption Mel Giedroyc will host Eurovision : You Decide on Friday
Swedish singer Loreen , who won the competition in 2012 , was previously a runner-up on Swedish Idol , where they performed under the name Loren Talhaoui .
More recently , Mans Zelmerlow triumphed at the 2015 contest - having earned their stripes on Swedish Idol and Let 's Dance , which is their home country 's version of Strictly .
This year 's UK 's entry will be selected on Friday , 27 January , in a live BBC Two show hosted by Mel Giedroyc .
A combination of viewer and jury votes will decide the winning song - with Bruno Tonioli and Sophie Ellis-Bextor forming part of the eight-person jury .
This year 's hopefuls
Danyl Johnson - Light Up the World
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Danyl Johnson - Light Up The World
Former schoolteacher Danyl Johnson was , at one point , the bookies ' favourite to win X Factor 2009 . They eventually came fourth - losing out to Joe McElderry and runner-up Olly Murs - and earned brief notoriety after being ( sort-of ) outed by Danni Minogue .
The singer , who currently works as an ambassador for the People 's Postcode Lottery , enters Eurovision with a empowering dance track about `` shining a light in the darkness '' - harking back to Katrina and the Waves ' Eurovision-winning song in 1997 .
It aims for anthemic but ends up sounding anaemic .
Key lyric : `` We could n't see , yeah , standing in the dark . ''
Holly Brewer - I Wish I Loved You More
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Holly Brewer - I Wish I Loved You More
Holly has previously sung at the wedding of Mark Wright ( The Only Way is Essex ) and Michelle Keegan ( Coronation Street ) - and received four `` yeses '' from the X Factor judges in 2015 .
However , producers axed them from the programme by phone in a pre-bootcamp contestant cull - Cowell and co presumably underestimated the cost of accommodation in Wembley .
Never fear , for now Holly is returning with a power ballad co-written by Courtney Harrell , a former contestant on The Voice US . A decent effort which sounds like it could have been found on Kelly Clarkson 's studio floor .
Key lyric : `` You 're the sunlight the the preacher talks about . Ooh-ooh , Amen . ''
Lucie Jones - Never Give Up on You
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lucie Jones - Never Give Up On You
Lucie Jones will be remembered by the die-hard X Factor enthusiasts for coming eighth in the 2009 series - finishing behind fellow Eurovision hopeful Danyl Johnson and , er , Jedward .
While they might have crashed out of the live finals fairly early , they should be more confident of winning the UK Eurovision race - as their song is co-written by Emmelie de Forest - the Danish singer-songwriter who won the song contest in 2013 .
Them vocals have improved remarkably since 2009 , but the song is untroubled by percussion and ends up a slightly dreary piano ballad ( not necessarily an obstacle to Eurovision victory ) .
Key lyric : `` Together we 'll dance through this storm . ''
Nate Simpson - What Are We Made Of ?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nate Simpson - What Are We Made Of ?
`` You opened your mouth and Jesus came out , '' said Nicole Scherzinger when Slough-born Nate Simpson auditioned for the X Factor last year .
That did n't stop them kicking them out at the judges 's houses round , though . Maybe if he 'd kept Jesus in there for a little longer ...
The 23-year-old is hoping to go to Eurovision with the piano ballad What Are We Made Of ? . It has a key change before the first chorus , which gives you an indication of what you 're in for .
Key lyric : `` We 're breathing underwater and the struggle makes us stronger . ''
Olivia Garcia - Freedom Hearts
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Olivia Garcia - Freedom Hearts
Canadian singer Laurell Barker has been busy on the songwriting front this year because , as well as penning Holly 's song , they have writing credits on Olivia Garcia 's .
Olivia is fresh from the most recent series of X Factor . They made it as far as judges houses , but Simon Cowell sadly did n't take them through to the live shows .
She 's now joined the Eurovision race with a propulsive ballad that could lend itself to a dramatic staging ( we 're thinking acrobats and a tug of war ) . Garcia 's vocal acrobatics , meanwhile , do a good job of showing Cowell what they missed .
Key lyric : `` Shiny hair and shoes , how about me and you ? ''
Salena Mastroianni - I Do n't Wan na Fight
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Salena Mastroianni - I Do n't Wan na Fight
A distant relative of the Italian actor Marcello Mastroianni ( La Dolce Vita ; Divorce , Italian Style ) Salena has a degree in fashion , but ditched the runway to pursue a career in music .
After working as a wedding singer for four years , they auditioned for X Factor in 2012 but failed to progress beyond the initial stages .
Instantly catchy , their song I Do n't Wan na Fight is the most contemporary of this year 's Eurovision entries , with a trance-house beat that 's proved successful for other countries in recent years .
Although the lyrics appear to carry an anti-war sentiment , Mastroianni says the song is about a relationship .
Key lyric : `` Why ca n't we put our weapons down ? ''
Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram , or email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .
Ryan Gosling is in negotiations to star in Alcon Entertainment 's sequel to Blade Runner , the film that will be directed by Prisoners helmer Denis Villeneuve . Ridley Scott , who directed the original classic based on the Philip K. Dick novel , is aboard as executive producer . Harrison Ford , who starred in the original film , reprises their role as replicant hunter Rick Deckard . Tapping into what is considered hallowed ground is risky — even Scott got mixed results when they expanded their Alien film with Prometheus — but Gosling , the Drive star , adds a certain cool element to the effort .
Hampton Fancher ( co-writer of the original ) and Michael Green have written the original screenplay based on an idea by Fancher and Scott . The story takes place several decades after the conclusion of the 1982 original . Story details , as well as Gosling 's character , are not being revealed . Shooting begins in summer 2016 .
Gosling , who once worked primarily in the indie space , seems to be going for mainstream stardom . Among the projects he 's enlisted in is Guillermo del Toro 's The Haunted Mansion . They also are circling with Emma Stone the Damien Chazelle-directed Lionsgate pic La La Land and next will be seen in Shane Black 's The Nice Guys opposite Russell Crowe and in Terrence Malick 's Weightless . They are in production on The Big Short , starring opposite Christian Bale , Brad Pitt and Steve Carell .
Villeneuve today landed a Competition slot at Cannes for Sicario , a drug-trafficking drama starring Emily Blunt , Josh Brolin and Benicio Del Toro from Black Label Media . They have been busy directing Story Of Your Life , the sci-fi film that was prebought at the last Cannes Film Festival for a record $ 20 million . Villeneuve previously worked with Kosove and Johnson as the director of Alcon 's Prisoners , which starred Jake Gyllenhaal , Terrence Howard and Hugh Jackman . Alcon got in the Blade Runner game when it bought rights from producers Bud Yorkin and Cynthia Sikes Yorkin in 2011 . They will be producers on the sequel with Kosove and Johnson . Frank Giustra and Tim Gamble are exec producers .
QUINCY - Eleven men and women were released without bail Thursday evening following their arraignment on charges stemming from a protest that triggered a massive traffic jam on the South Shore earlier in the day .
The protesters , who have said through a spokesperson that they were inspired by the national `` Black Lives Matter '' movement , are facing a series of charges including obstructing emergency vehicles , trespassing , throwing objects onto a public way and resisting arrest . Prosecutors did not ask the judge to set bail .
The seven men and four women did not speak during the arraignment , but nodded in silence when Judge Mark Coven asked them whether they understood the charges against them . They refused to answer questions from reporters as they left the courthouse and gathered in a parking lot across the street .
Only one of the protesters , a Hanson man , lives on the South Shore . The rest are from Boston and towns to the north .
The protesters were among of 29 people arrested Thursday after dual protests in Milton and Medford briefly closed all lanes of Interstate 93 heading into the city . Several northbound lanes near East Milton Square remained closed for more than two hours as police worked to remove the protesters , some of whom had attached themselves to 55-gallon barrels filled with concrete .
The protests were harshly criticized by law enforcement officials who said the disruption had tied up major public safety resources and kept ambulances on the South Shore from reaching emergency departments in Boston .
`` We know of at least one elderly crash victim who could not be transported to the Level 1 Trauma Center their injury demanded because this road was illegally blockaded , '' Norfolk County District Attorney Michael Morrissey said in a statement . `` The disregard for the safety and welfare of innocent citizens that this action manifests is shocking . ''
Image by msun523 Some Rights Reserved
NOTE : This is a reference , mainly for myself and others , condensed from a much more verbose article which does a lot of hand-holding for Git newcomers , and attempts to explain what is going on in a little more detail .
Also , if you are newer to Git you might want to review my introductory posts on Getting Started with Git and a Handy Git Command Line Reference . While these tutorials were originally targeted at Windows developers , the information is pretty universal . Also , you might benefit from the more through treatment of this topic in the full-fledged walk-thru .
I 'm new and/or I enjoy reading . Take me to a full-fledged walk-through !
The git add –p Command and Syntax
The git add –p command allows us to interactively stage chunks of code within a file or files for commit , while leaving the rest of the file of files un-staged . The command syntax is :
The git add –p Command Syntax :
$ git add -p [ optionalFileName ]
In the above , the file name is optional , but without a specific file name , git will interactively move through all files with un-staged changes . Best to include only the file or files of interest .
Once the git add –p command is executed , git enters interactive mode , and interactively moves through chunks of code in the file or files , prompting you to indicate what to do as far as staging each chunk . Following is a table of the options available with this command :
Interactive Patch Staging Options :
y Stage the current code chuck for the next commit n Do not stage the current code chunk for the next commit a Stage the current chunk , and all remaining chunks in the current file d Do not stage current chuck , or any remaining chunks in the current file g Select the next code chuck to review / Search for a code chuck matching the given regex j Leave undecided , see next undecided chunk k Leave undecided , see next code chunk K Leave undecided , see previous undecided code chunk s Split the current code chunk into smaller chunks e Manually edit the current code chunk ? Print help
Example Usage Scenario
On occasion , we perform a number of changes in the same code file , and then , after laboring to get it right for hours , we realize we have introduced unrelated changes , to different parts of the file , which should really be in separate commits .
Contrived Example
Consider the following contrived , but illustrative situation ( the examples here are in C # , but this exercise could apply to any platform ) . We open our latest project on branch master and review a file , ComplicatedExistingClass , which looks like this to start with :
Original Code File for ComplicatedExistingClass :
using System ; using System.Collections.Generic ; using System.Linq ; using System.Text ; using System.Threading.Tasks ; namespace GitAddPartialFile { public class ComplicatedExistingClass { public int ComplexCalculation ( int numberOne , int numberTwo ) { int sum = 0 ; // Some complex code which also contains a bug . . . sum = numberOne + numberTwo + 1 ; return sum ; } } }
We then add our new method , which requires the addition of a couple new using statements at the top of the code file ( yes , I KNOW System.Data and System.Data.OleDb are not actually used here , just mixing it up a bit – work with me ) , and of course , our new method :
Our Code File with New Method :
using System ; using System.Collections.Generic ; using System.Linq ; using System.Text ; using System.Threading.Tasks ; using System.Data ; using System.Data.OleDb ; namespace GitAddPartialFile { public class ComplicatedExistingClass { public int ComplexCalculation ( int numberOne , int numberTwo ) { int sum = 0 ; // Many lines of complex code which also contains a bug . . . sum = numberOne + numberTwo + 1 ; return sum ; } public IEnumerable < int > DoSomethingWithNumbers ( int [ ] numbers ) { var output = new List < int > ( ) ; foreach ( int i in numbers ) { int result = this.ComplexCalculation ( i , numbers.Count ( ) ) ; output.Add ( result ) ; } return output ; } } }
While testing out our complicated new method , which also calls the original ComplexCalculation method , we notice there is a bug in the original method . The bug fix is quite complex and takes hours , requiring us to modify several lines of code after we discern just what it is that is wrong :
Modified Code File , including Arduous Bug Fix :
using System ; using System.Collections.Generic ; using System.Linq ; using System.Text ; using System.Threading.Tasks ; using System.Data ; using System.Data.OleDb ; namespace GitAddPartialFile { public class ComplicatedExistingClass { public int ComplexCalculation ( int numberOne , int numberTwo ) { int sum = 0 ; // Many lines of complex code which no longer contain any bugs // but took hours to figure out . . . sum = numberOne + numberTwo ; return sum ; } public IEnumerable < int > DoSomethingWithNumbers ( int [ ] numbers ) { var output = new List < int > ( ) ; foreach ( int i in numbers ) { int result = this.ComplexCalculation ( i , numbers.Count ( ) ) ; output.Add ( result ) ; } return output ; } } }
Only now do we come up for air long enough to realize we should have done the bug fix separately from adding our new method . For one , we might not be done with our feature yet , but the bug fix is critical and should be able to be merged back into master immediately . Also , it simply makes sense that a bug fix in the existing code base should be a singular commit , separate from adding new code . What to do ?
What we would like to do is create a commit for the bug fix first , separate from our newly added feature code . Here is how .
We can now use the git add –p to do this interactively , and stage our code in patches . With git add –p , we will selectively add chunks of a file ( or files ) from our working tree to the staging area , enabling us to select discreet chunks of changed code and build separate commits with pieces of a file or files .
Once we type this command and hit enter , git jumps into an interactive mode , allowing us to decide which file chucks we wish to add to the next commit . In the case of our example project , we would type the command like this :
Staging Patches from our Existing File for Commit :
$ git add -p ComplicatedExistingClass.cs
What it Looks Like in the Terminal
Our terminal window looks like this before we hit enter :
Once we hit the enter key , we see this rather busy window :
See the stuff called out in the red box ? this represents the first chunk of changed code git has identified in the file . The changes are shown in green , and surrounding ( unmodified ) code is shown in white for context . Also notice the text in blue at the bottom of the window , with a prompt waiting for us to tell git what to do . The prompt is waiting for us to enter one of the options from our table above .
In our example case here , the code chunk above is related to our new method ( work with me here , it 's contrived , remember ? ) , so we we do n't want to add this chunk to the next commit . Hit n , then Enter :
Do Not Stage Current Code Chunk and Move to the Next Code Chunk :
Whoa . Ok , NOW we see the bug fix code we were looking for , but we also see our newly added method . We want to isolate the bug fix code . In this case , we need to select the s option from the menu , splitting the above chunk into smaller pieces . This results in a code chunk including our bug fix , and only our bug fix :
Split Current Code Chunk and Isolate Bug Fix :
Now we have what we want to include in our next commit . Obviously , we choose the y option so that this chunk is staged for commit . Git then moves to the next code chunk :
Choose Bug Fix for Next Commit :
What we now see in the terminal window is the rest of the code for our new feature . We do n't want this in our bug fix commit . Also , because our entire bug fix has just been staged for commit by selecting the y option , we can tell git not to stage the current code chunk , or any remaining code chunks . We do this by selecting the d option :
Exit and Return to Terminal Command Prompt
Now we are ready to commit our bug fix . After we do that , we can then stage our newly added feature code in the normal fashion and commit .
More Detail ?
In this article I walked through this as briefly as I could while including sufficient examples and illustrative screenshots to show what is going on . There is more detail in the full tutorial Git : Interactively Stage Portions of a Single Changed File for Commit Using git add –p .
If you found this useful , consider some of my other posts related to Git , and as always , the most excellent book ( free online ) by Scott Chacon :
Additional Resources
John on Google CodeProject
Istanbul ( AFP ) - Russia and Turkey on Monday signed an agreement to build a gas pipeline under the Black Sea , as President Vladimir Putin and Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vowed to intensify relations after a bitter crisis .
Making their first visit to Turkey since the shooting down of a Russian war plane by Turkey led to the worst dispute between Ankara and Moscow since the Cold War , Putin said the two countries could now return to cooperation in all areas .
Only a few months ago , the two post-imperial strongmen were exchanging bitterly personal accusations . But this was already the pair 's third meeting after a June agreement to normalise ties .
`` I have full confidence that the normalisation process between Turkey and Russia will swiftly continue , '' said Erdoğan .
Showing that any personal animosity was over , Putin thanked Erdoğan for the `` attention Mr President has devoted to the development of Turkish-Russian relations '' .
The centrepiece of the one-day visit was the signing of an agreement on realising the construction of the planned TurkStream gas pipeline to pump Russian gas through two lines under Turkish waters in the Black Sea towards Europe .
The chief executive of Russian gas giant Gazprom , Alexei Miller , said in a statement that the inter-governmental agreement had created the `` legal basis '' for the project after a previous memorandum of understanding from 2014 .
They added that the annual capacity of each line is to be 15.75 billion cubic metres of gas ( bcma ) , making a total capacity of over 30 bcma .
They added the first line of the gas pipeline will be used to transport gas to Turkish consumers and the second to Europe . They should both be built by 2019 , they said .
- 'Make up lost time ' -
The plan to build TurkStream was dramatically announced by Putin in December 2014 in Ankara , as a replacement for the South Stream pipeline that was to have been built in cooperation with EU countries .
South Stream was scrapped after years of planning , with Putin angrily blaming Brussels for its failure . But then TurkStream was plunged into uncertainty by the November 2015 warplane crisis .
The agreement signed in Istanbul represents a concrete symbol of the desire of both parties to bring the much-discussed TurkStream project to fruition .
Erdoğan also said the two sides agreed to speed up a plan for Russia to build Turkey 's first nuclear power plant in Akkuyu on the Mediterranean .
`` I believe that the time that has been lost will be compensated in the coming period , '' they said .
The two countries still face a major task to raise relations to the level enjoyed before the jet crisis .
Economic sanctions imposed by Russia -- now gradually being lifted -- have severely dented trade .
And a ban on charter flights to Turkey , which is also now over , reduced the usually substantial flow of Russian tourists to a trickle .
Putin said that the Russian government had on Monday decided to open the Russian market to key Turkish agricultural products , including citrus fruits .
They also said Moscow had agreed to reduce the price of natural gas imported by energy-poor Turkey .
- 'Help Aleppo ' -
Russia and Turkey remain at odds over the Syria conflict , with Moscow a key backer of the regime of President Bashar al-Assad , whose exit from power is Turkey 's key strategic aim .
But Turkey , which just months ago was loudly accusing Russia of war crimes in Syria , has been remarkably tight-lipped over the Syrian regime 's onslaught on rebel-held areas of Aleppo in recent weeks , as ties with Moscow have tentatively improved .
Analysts have long noted an ability on the part of Moscow and Ankara to show pragmatism in times of good relations and push disputes to one side .
In their speech to the World Energy Congress before their bilateral talks , Erdoğan complained how a child in Aleppo `` only sees bombs dropped by helicopters and planes that target them '' but made no mention of Russia or the Assad regime .
Both leaders agreed to work together to ensure aid can reach Aleppo . They made no mention of their differences on the Syria conflict or of any breakthrough .
But Erdoğan said Turkey and Russia had to find a `` strategy '' to help the people of Aleppo , adding that they and Putin had agreed to instruct their foreign ministries , military and intelligence services to work on this .
Putin added : `` We have a common position that we need to do everything to deliver humanitarian aid to Aleppo . The question is just of ensuring the security of those deliveries . ''
As a member of the PHP community for the last 10+ years , I 've seen the topic of security come and go . PHP 's always had a bad reputation for being an insecure language and , honestly , that 's a valid point to make . It 's PHP 's own low barrier for entry and lack of a cohesive plan that 's made it such an “ interesting ” language to use over the years . I 've also had a foot in the security community for the past few years and I 've seen an interesting disconnect between it and the world of PHP .
I constantly see articles talking about how insecure PHP is compared to other languages and how no one should be using PHP if they 're concerned about protecting their users and data . As such , PHP seems to have been mostly dismissed by the security community as a sort of “ toy language ” that 's not suitable for the enterprise like Java or .NET are . I ca n't tell you how many companies I 've seen looking for people to fill application security analyst roles that only want Java or .NET experience . PHP makes up such a small part of their market that they do n't even bother looking . This is very surprising considering how much of the web is running on PHP ( based on statistics , take that how you 'd like ) .
This focus on the .NET and Java worlds has bled through to other parts of the security community too . Take the Open Web Application Security Project ( OWASP ) group as an example . If you 're a member ( I am ) or even just a casual reader of the information they have to offer , there 's a very clear bias towards these two languages . There 's been a few initiatives they 've started over the years to try to enhance the PHP-related information they provide , but sadly a good bit of it is falling out of date and is n't as useful as it once was . Things like the PHP Security Cheat Sheet have had a few additions and wording changes , but even then there 's quite a bit of information that 's just missing from its content .
There 's something that concerns me more than just incomplete content on a wiki page , though . I was looking through some of the PHP security libraries that are being worked on by OWASP members ( such as phpsec ) and noticed something interesting . There is a lot of “ Not Invented Here ” going on there . Sure , PHP developers are guilty of this too , but it seems this hints at a larger point : is the OWASP group doing more harm than good by not embracing some of the well-known security tools that exist outside of their own organization ? In fact , the only PHP library the OWASP group has on Packagist is their RBAC ( role-based access control ) tool that seems to ignore standards like PSR-4 ( or even PSR-0 ) for autoloading , separation of concerns and good design practices that have become well-used in the PHP community in recent years .
So , what 's my point in all of this ? I think the OWASP project can do better , honestly . They 're users of the PHP language but , with a few exceptions , do n't seem to be a part of the PHP community . They almost have their head in the sand when it comes to some of the practices that have come to define the language and community around it . It feels like PHP is an after-through on most of their initiatives and that there 's not much reaching out to the PHP community as a whole to find reusable packages that fit their needs , are more robust , well tested and proven .
The security community inside PHP is growing up and I think having large projects like OWASP understand it and be a part of it can help the news of this renaissance spread even further . PHP developers , more than ever , need as much up-to-date information and tools to help protect their applications . Consider this a call out to both fellow OWASP members and PHP developers as a whole to get involved in the wider security community , share these new advancements and openly share ideas across these borders .
Shatter those old conceptions of what PHP was and replace them with new techniques , practices and knowledge across communities . Only then can we help the wider web understand that PHP is n't what it once was .
Advertisements
September 25 , 1997
Dear Mr. Goldman ,
I am writing to you to share some of my personal ideas and thoughts about my experiences related to the moon landing .
I have often described the moon as a “ magnificent desolation. ” Its rocky horizon curved against the deep black of space , making it perfectly obvious that we were standing on a ball spinning through the universe .
When I planted the American flag on the dusty surface of the moon , I had an unusual thought : A billion people were watching me on television . Human beings had never been farther away than we were nor had more people thinking about them !
I think the spirit and the sense of involvement exhibited by the numbers of people who remember where they were when that event happened make it even more apparent to me over the years that the moonwalk added value to the lives of all the people who participated in it . Every person felt good about the nation achieving it -- that the world , that humanity could have done this .
I have snapshots of myself on the moon that will always remind me of that strange and fascinating place . Someday in the future as people are mulling over their vacation plans , I hope they 'll choose to fly into space . It 's the trip of a lifetime .
Regarding your questions of space exploration in 50 years : all of the rationales reduce to one simple truth : we will walk on Mars in the spirit and wonder that sets our species apart .
Sincerely ,
Buzz Aldrin
APOLLO XI
In the early hours of July 21st , 1969 , shortly after the Apollo Lunar Module landed on its surface , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first humans to step foot on the Moon . 28 years later , Buzz wrote a letter to Barry Goldman , a professor at the University of Maryland.Transcript follows .
Josina Anderson does not think the Rams should start Jared Goff this season , but the rest of the NFL Live crew debates their analysis . ( 2:05 )
ESPN recently put together power rankings based on how each NFL team is positioned for the next three seasons . The Los Angeles Rams finished 28th . That is , um , not good . It 's not good because , well , 28th is bad . It 's really not good because of what the next three seasons represent for this franchise . Thanks to heavy rainfall in a city that never experiences heavy rainfall , these next three years now constitute the buildup to the Rams -- and the Los Angeles Chargers -- moving into their vast , opulent $ 2.6 billion stadium in Inglewood , California .
The Rams -- 13 years removed from their last playoff appearance , 14 years removed from their last winning season -- want to become legitimate contenders as quickly as possible . More specifically , they want to ensure they are a playoff-caliber franchise by the time they move into that new stadium . ESPN 's Louis Riddick , Mike Sando and Field Yates do n't believe they will be -- at least not as currently constructed . The trio graded each team 's roster , quarterback , draft , coaches and front office , and crunched the numbers to come up with a final score . The result : 27 of the 31 other teams are , in their minds , better positioned for success from 2017 through 2019 .
The Rams ca n't have that . They ca n't have an uninterested fan base in the nation 's second-largest media market , and they ca n't play second fiddle to the Chargers in a stadium they themselves are funding . Leading up to training camp , we 're going to take a look at the five things that need to happen in order for the Rams to be a lot better than the 28th-best team at the conclusion of this three-year stretch .
The Rams really need Jared Goff to solidify themselves as their starting quarterback . Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
No . 1 : Figure out the quarterback position .
The Rams ' offensive struggles are n't just a last year thing . They are n't just a Jeff Fisher thing , either . The franchise 's ineptitude in this department runs a whole lot deeper . Ten years , to be exact . The Rams ' offense has ranked outside of the top 20 in Defense-adjusted Value Over Average ( DVOA ) every year since 2007 . Yes , 2007 . That stretches through five head coaches -- two of them on an interim tag -- and seven offensive coordinators . It 's a plague .
During that 10-year run from 2007 to '16 , the Rams saw 14 different quarterbacks make starts for them . They are , in some semblance of order : Marc Bulger , Gus Frerotte , Brock Berlin , Trent Green , Kyle Boller , Keith Null , Sam Bradford , A.J . Feeley , Kellen Clemens , Austin Davis , Shaun Hill , Nick Foles , Case Keenum and Jared Goff .
Now , about that last guy :
The Rams moved up 14 spots to draft Goff No . 1 overall in 2016 , as you probably already know . It did n't go well . You might have heard that , too . Goff , widely considered relatively raw coming out of Cal , never challenged for a starting spot during training camp and never won a game during the season . They took control of the offense during the final seven weeks , completing 54.6 percent of their passes , averaging 5.3 yards per attempt , throwing five touchdowns to seven interceptions , and finishing with a Total QBR of 22.9 , dead last among those who started at least five times .
Is it really fair to judge Goff off that one season ? Aside from the fact that it 's only a seven-game sample , and that they were only 22 , and that they were transitioning out of a collegiate offense that did n't require them to call a play from the huddle or take a snap from under center , their supporting cast was atrocious . The Rams ' offensive line was a mess , enough of one that Todd Gurley , the Offensive Rookie of the Year just a season earlier , barely had room to breathe . Their receiving corps continued to be less than adequate . And the entire Fisher-led staff entered 2016 with one season of directly coaching NFL quarterbacks .
You do n't have to be some wide-eyed optimist to believe we might see a completely different Goff this year , now that offensive-minded Sean McVay has taken over as head coach and now that Goff has an entire year of NFL football under their belt . There 's talent there . A player does n't get drafted before everybody else without it , regardless of whatever circumstances played into it . It 's all about whether the Rams can actually tap into it and finally develop a legitimate , reliable starting quarterback , the kind this organization has n't had since Bulger hung it up .
Yes , Sean Mannion , a third-round pick in 2015 -- and the man Eric Dickerson wants as their quarterback -- looms in the background . Sure , Kirk Cousins will probably be available next offseason . And of course , next year 's draft looks a little bit more promising at quarterback , especially if USC 's Sam Darnold declares early . But what the Rams really need is for Goff to solidify themselves as the guy . It 's why he 's the focus of the final entry in this series . Goff becoming a bust could set this franchise back another half-decade . Goff figuring it out can help make the Rams a sustainable winner quickly .
Goff added about 10 pounds since the start of the 2017 calendar year . They were exceedingly present throughout the offseason program , and they have already impressed teammates on the field .
He 's doing everything they can .
`` He wants to be great , '' said offensive coordinator Matt LaFleur , who spent the last two years working with Matt Ryan and the Atlanta Falcons . `` He 's doing everything that we 've asked them to do , and then some . He 's working hard every day . I think he 's getting better every day . ''
( Previously : 5. solidify the offensive line ; 4. keep the defensive core intact ; 3 . McVay must learn fast ; 2. draft better . )
Coming Soon
Tall Girl
Standing 6-foot-3 , 16-year-old `` tall girl '' Jodi has never had a boyfriend . But that could change when a tall exchange student enrolls at their school .
Wonderland
Just out of prison and investigating a twisted murder , Spenser is sucked back into Boston 's underbelly . Based on the popular books ; Mark Wahlberg stars .
Sharkey The Bounty Hunter
Bounty hunter Sharkey tracks criminals across the galaxy in their converted , rocket-powered ice-cream truck -- with help from their 10-year-old partner .
Yankee
A young man from Texas crosses the border into Mexico and becomes an infamous drug lord .
Guillermo Del Toro Presents 10 After Midnight
Acclaimed Academy Award-winning filmmaker Guillermo del Toro curates this collection of sinister stories , each more horrifying than the next .
Antoine Griezmann : The Making of a Legend
With heart and determination , Antoine Griezmann overcame their small stature to become one of the world 's top soccer players and a World Cup champion .
Space Force
A comedy series about the people tasked with creating Space Force , a new branch of the U.S. military . From Greg Daniels and star Steve Carell .
My Husband Wo n't Fit
Kumiko and Kenichi meet in college and build a happy marriage together . But over time , an unusual problem threatens to destroy their relationship .
TOKYO , March 12 ( Reuters ) - A Japanese energy explorer said on Tuesday it extracted gas from offshore methane hydrate deposits for the first time in the world , as part of an attempt to achieve commercial production within six years .
Since 2001 , Japan , which imports nearly all of its energy needs , has invested several hundred million dollars in developing technology to tap methane hydrate reserves off its coast that are estimated to be equal to about 11 years of gas consumption .
State-run Japan Oil , Gas and Metals National Corp ( JOGMEC ) said the gas was tapped from deposits of methane hydrate , a frozen gas known as “ flammable ice ” , near Japan 's central coast .
Japan is the world 's top importer of liquefied natural gas and the lure of domestic gas resources has become greater since the Fukushima nuclear crisis two years ago triggered a shake-up of the country 's energy sector .
Japan 's trade ministry said the production tests will continue for about two weeks , followed by analysis on how much gas was produced .
Methane is a major component of natural gas and governments including Canada , the United States , Norway and China are also looking at exploiting hydrate deposits as an alternative source of energy .
Japan used depressurisation to turn methane hydrate to methane gas , a process thought by the government to be more effective than using the hot water circulation method the country had tested successfully in 2002 .
In 2008 , JOGMEC successfully demonstrated for the first time a nearly six-day continuous period of production of methane gas from hydrate reserves held deep in permafrost in Canada , using the depressurisation method .
Methane hydrate , is formed from a mixture of methane and water under certain pressure and conditions .
A Japanese study has estimated the existence of at least 40 trillion cubic feet ( 1.1 trillion cubic metres ) of methane hydrates in the eastern Nankai Trough off the country 's Pacific coast , about 11 years of Japanese gas consumption .
Japan 's LNG imports hit a record 87.3 million tonnes last year after Japan shut down most of its nuclear power plants following the Fukushima nuclear disaster two years ago . ( Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori ; Editing by Aaron Sheldrick and Ed Davies )
London , Aug 12 ( IANS ) Mark Duggan , a suspected drug dealer whose killing by police sparked off the London riots , was the nephew of a mafia leader who ran the Manchester underworld for over 20 years , a media report said .
Duggan 's uncle has been revealed as late Desmond 'Dessie ' Noonan , whose 'feared crime family ' ruled Manchester 's underworld , the daily Telegraph reported .
In 2005 , the 45-year-old Noonan featured on a TV documentary 'Gangster ' and claimed their family were 'untouchables ' .
' I 've got a bigger army than the police . We have more guns than the police , ' they boasted .
In the documentary , they joked that key witnesses at their court hearings failed to turn up because 'some are deranged ' .
Noonan 's second wife Julie , 50 , is the sister of Duggan 's mother Pamela .
Duggan regularly visited their uncle 's family to babysit their children , the report said .
Even when the couple divorced following Noonan 's 1993 acquittal for the murder of a gangster , Duggan continued to visit them at family parties .
'They took Mark under their wing , they liked him , not just as a nephew , but as a mate , ' a source told The Sun .
In 1995 , Noonan was described as a 'psycho ' in court for a violent attack . They were jailed for 33 months .
In 2005 , Noonan was stabbed to death by drug dealer Derek 'Yardie ' McDuffus .
In the US the magnitude of fires has grown greatly due to climate change . The need for the Wildland Firefighter Foundation has become immeasurable . We used to have fire seasons , now we have fire years . It 's not only the fatalities and the physical injuries , it 's also about the mental health for the firefighters and their families
This past April Vicki Minor went back to the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation and met with Chief Ron Siarnicki to discuss the 16 Wildland Firefighter Initiatives . They also attended the Goes Home in Wildland summit meeting . There were representatives from all aspects of the Wildland Community , from contractors to Federal agencies including the Chief of the Forest service .
Vicki has pledged our organization 's full support for this partnership with the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation .
[ Editor 's Note : Promoted from the FanPosts . ] -- - It 's the offseason ; the 2017 NFL Draft is over and we only have tidbits from the now concluded rookie minicamp and upcoming OTA 's to keep us entertained until training camp opens in July . To fill the dead time , there 's been a lot of talk lately ( both on this site and on BGN Radio ) about Doug Pederson and their future with the Eagles . This is all offseason speculation , but I think it deserves further exploration . What exactly , are the essential qualities of an NFL Head Coach , and which , if any , of these , does Dougie P exemplify ? This article will attempt to answer these questions and shed some light on Pederson 's ability to take the Eagles where we all want to go : The Super Bowl .
What makes a good Head Coach ?
I 've broken this down into five essential characteristics that NFL teams need from their coaches to be successful . First , I 'll explain these characteristics , and then examine whether or not Doug Pederson qualifies .
Football Knowledge
This includes both scheme and ability to either call the plays on offense or defense and/or mentor a younger play caller on the staff . NFL teams need someone who has a deep understanding of the game and runs schemes that will be successful against other NFL teams . This person will preferably call the plays on whichever side of the ball they specialize in , but there have also been successful head coaches that relied on their assistants to make the calls ( Mike McCarthy and Andy Reid have both done this at different points in their careers ) . A head coach needs to know what they want their players to do , and what 's going to make them successful doing it .
Leadership
There are different types of leadership , and different coaches have been successful with different leadership styles . There are the Bill Parcells/Bill Belichick `` no nonsense '' types , but we 've also seen guys like Tony Dungy be successful with more soft spoken , `` player-friendly '' styles , as well as guys like Pete Carroll , who has a more positive , exuberant approach . The bottom line is that a coach needs to convince a group of 53 men to put their bodies on the line every Sunday . They need to make them believe in their vision for the team , and get them to play together for the good of the team . They need to set expectations , and hold their players accountable to those expectations . Again , there are different ways to be successful at the leadership element of coaching , but a successful coach must be able to lead effectively .
Game/Situation Management
Regardless of whether or not he 's calling the plays , the head coach is the one in control of crucial decisions throughout a game . They have to make split-second decisions about when to use time-outs and challenges , and when to go for it on 4th down or send the special teams units out . This is different than leadership in that it 's about specific decisions made during the game . This is hard to quantify , as when we question these decisions it is mostly hypothetical . We wo n't know how the rest of a game would have played out if the coach opted not to kick a field goal , but instead to go for it ; all we can do is analyze whether or not the decision made sense given the circumstances at the time .
Player Development
This is another tricky one to evaluate , as we 'll never really know how much of a given player 's success is based on talent evaluation or on coaching . But , in general , if players improve over time under a coaching regime , the head coach and their staff are doing a good job . If not , they will most likely be fired .
Wins
This might seem obvious , but it 's the most clear and obvious measure we have of an NFL head coach . Obviously we have to base our expectations for wins on the situation and the talent on a given team , but good coaches win football games . Bad ones do n't . It 's that simple .
How has Doug Pederson performed ?
Regardless of whether or not they were the Eagles ' first choice last year , Doug Pederson is our head coach . We now have one year 's worth of information to judge them on . It 's a limited sample size , but a fair amount to judge their ability and potential as a head coach moving forward .
Football Knowledge
This was one of many major questions about Pederson when they were hired last year . Despite Andy Reid 's claims that they called the plays in the second halves of Chiefs games during the 2015 season , Doug did n't have much experience as a play caller . While they had been mentored by a great football mind in Andy Reid , they were inexperienced . That said , I think they exceeded expectations last year . They took their lumps as a play caller , and did n't always lean on the run hard enough , but the Eagles moved the ball pretty well for the most part , despite starting a rookie QB ( who only became the starter 10 days before the season ) and missing the team 's best offensive lineman for a large chunk of the season .
Pederson showed that they have the chops to be a successful play caller in the NFL , and they ran a much more diverse array of plays and concepts than their predecessor . In addition , they selected a defensive coordinator in Jim Schwartz who was an excellent fit for the defensive talent on this team . Certainly there is still room to improve in this area , but Pederson showed promise for a guy who was calling plays for the first time . Grade : B+
Leadership
This is a tough one to evaluate from the outside looking in . We can all agree that Pederson was improvement over Chip Kelly in this area , but that 's not saying much . For the most part , Pederson seemed to have good relationships with the players and they seemed to want to play for him . He 's not a yeller or a screamer and he 's never going to cuss out a player on the sidelines , but that 's not necessarily the only effective way to lead .
Pederson seemed like a `` milquetoast '' type when they were hired , but after watching them coach for a year , I do n't think that 's the case either . They showed the moxie and aggressiveness to go for it on 4th downs on more than one occasion ( more on the wisdom of that in the next segment ) . They also displayed the ability to win over a locker room . Their players came out to play for him , and week-in , week-out they were competitive . Other than the Bengals game , they were in every single game they played last year . Again , I think Doug was a pleasant surprise . Grade : B
Game/Situation Management
This is the area where Doug struggled the most . We all remember the Giants game , where they repeatedly opted to go for it rather than kicking field goals and essentially cost the Eagles the game . I am optimistic that Doug can improve in this area , but then again , their mentor , Andy Reid , never did . I will say , though , that I thought Doug used timeouts and challenges fairly judiciously , and that their management of the clock in two minute situations was better than expected . It 's not all bad here but there 's certainly a lot of room to grow . Grade : C-
Player Development
It 's hard to determine how much of a player 's growth and improvement is due to the head coach and how much is due to the position coaches , but since the head coach selects the position coaches , ultimately they get the glory for their successes as well . Doug 's biggest success as a talent developer was with Carson Wentz . We saw a rookie who got the starting nod with very little notice step onto the field and perform like an experienced vet . Carson showed an understanding of defenses and an ability to adjust plays and audible at the line . Their season was n't perfect , but they performed better than anyone expected despite the lack of talent in the receiving corps . We could give Doug an A just for that alone .
A number of other players showed promise and improvement as the season progressed . Rookie tackle Halapoulivaati Vaitai had a rocky first start , but improved as the season went on , as did fellow rookie Isaac Seumalo , who was forced to play multiple positions across the line due to injuries . Wendell Smallwood also flashed in limited action , and Allen Barbre , Jason Kelce , Jason Peters , and Zach Ertz all improved their play over the previous season . The wide receivers are the obvious failing here , but given Greg Lewis 's firing , we wo n't knock Pederson 's grade too much for their under-performance , as much of it may have been due to bad talent evaluation by the previous regime . Grade : A
Wins
This team went 7-9 last year . That 's not a very good record . In a vacuum , a 7-9 record would probably earn Pederson a C or C- . But consider that this is a team that was starting a rookie QB who played their college ball at Division I FCS NDSU . This is a team that has been casting off talent rather than adding it for the last several years , replacing DeSean Jackson , Jeremy Maclin , and LeSean McCoy with the likes of Jordan Matthews , Nelson Agholor , and the oft-injured Ryan Mathews . This is a team whose best offensive lineman was suspended for 10 games and whose starting cornerbacks were Nolan Carroll and the corpse of Leodis McKelvin . This is a team that got screwed by a quirky schedule , getting an early bye week in Week 4 and also having to play three teams coming off of their byes later in the season , two of whom were division opponents . There are no excuses for losing in the NFL , but considering all of these circumstances , the fact that Pederson was able to guide this team to 7 wins is kind of extraordinary . Grade : B-
Can the Eagles win a Super Bowl with Doug Pederson ?
This might seem like a cop-out , but the answer to this question is still unknown . Of the 32 head coaches currently leading an NFL squad , only 6 have won a Superbowl ( Bill Belichick , Sean Peyton , Pete Carroll , Mike Tomlin , John Harbaugh , Mike McCarthy ) , and only the great Bill Belichick has won more than one . Andy Reid is perhaps the greatest coach in Eagles history , and even they have yet to win the big one . Additionally , no coach in the history of the NFL has ever won a Super Bowl as the head coach of one franchise , and then gone on to coach another franchise to a championship . Think about that . Even if by some miracle of fate , the Eagles landed Bill Belichick tomorrow , they would have to do something no other coach has ever done to win a Super Bowl in Philadelphia . That said , I would take Belichick in a heartbeat , but McCarthy , Peyton , Carroll , Tomlin , or Harbaugh ? I 'm not so sure .
The bottom line is Pederson needs time . This franchise needs some consistency . James Seltzer opined on BGN Radio that if the Eagles do n't make the playoffs this year , Pederson will be gone . I do n't believe that for a second . Lurie , Roseman , and Douglas will give Doug a minimum of three years to prove themselves and to develop Carson Wentz into ( hopefully ) an elite NFL Quarterback . At that point , if this is still a middling team , there is a chance they will move on in search of a more marquee name . The jury is still out on Doug , but they performed well in spots in 2016 and has room to grow in 2017 . We should be pulling for them this season , because the future of this franchise is largely in Doug 's hands .
In a sharp but expected departure from US policy , President Trump said Friday they would decertify the deal on Iran 's nuclear program and kick it back to Congress so lawmakers could make it tougher .
“ As president of the United States , my highest obligation is to ensure the safety and security of the American people , ” the president said , adding that they are determined that “ Iran will never get a nuclear weapon . ”
Trump wants lawmakers to change legislation — known as the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act — that requires the president to certify every 90 days that Iran is in compliance with the 2015 deal .
The president railed against Iran 's “ destabilizing influence ” in the Middle East , “ particularly its support for terrorism and militants . ”
Iran vowed , meanwhile , to retaliate against any action targeting its armed forces , and accused the US of violating the spirit of the nuclear deal .
“ Iran will strongly respond to any action against its military forces , including the Revolutionary Guards Corps , ” Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bahram Qasemi said Friday , Reuters reported .
They added that Iran would continue to expand its defensive power — including its ballistic missile program .
Trump 's new strategy includes three key goals :
Rework the deal to make it harder for Iran to develop a nuclear weapon .
Ensure that it addresses the Islamic theocracy 's ballistic missile program to lessen the threat of attacks on Israel and other nations .
Counter Iranian support for terrorists and other bad actors in the region who the White House says contribute to Mideast instability .
The complicated move puts the Trump administration on a political and diplomatic tightrope .
The US will technically remain in the pact even though Trump 's repeatedly slammed it as “ embarrassing ” and the “ worst deal ever . ”
But by refusing to certify the merits of the deal , he 's putting its fate on lawmakers ' shoulders and asking them to deliver something the GOP-led Congress has failed to give them — a major piece of legislation .
But Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was wary about the prospects of a new accord .
“ What we are laying out here is this is the pathway we think provides us the best platform from which to attempt to fix this deal . We may be unsuccessful . We may not be able to fix it . And if we 're not , then we may end up out of the deal , ” they said , Reuters reported .
Trump wants Congress to pass new legislation within three months to automatically reimpose tough sanctions if Iran crosses certain lines related to nuclear activity and its ballistic missile program .
The administration hopes the move will pressure other parties to the deal — Britain , China , France , Germany and Russia — to open talks on a new deal .
But all of them have urged the US not to pull out of the accord , saying it can not be renegotiated — as have many Democrats and Republicans alike in Congress .
Trump also announced that the Treasury Department would impose new sanctions against people involved with the Iranian Revolutionary Guards , which they say supports terrorists .
The International Atomic Energy Agency , the UN body charged with monitoring the nuclear deal , has repeatedly said Iran is in compliance with the deal , and Trump had certified it twice already in their nascent presidency .
In response to the president 's action , lawmakers can do nothing , pass Trump 's new legislation , or choose to reinstate all the Iran sanctions and effectively blow up the pact .
Trump 's actions on the Iran deal have made lawmakers uneasy — even those who were strongly opposed to the nuclear pact .
“ As flawed as the deal is , I believe we must now enforce the hell out of it , ” House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce ( R-Calif. ) said Wednesday .
“ Let 's do it right , ” Iran deal opponent Rep. Eliot Engel ( D-NY ) said Thursday .
“ Do n't blow up the agreement to save it . We 'll come out worse in the end . … But this talk of decertifying the agreement , then kicking it to Congress for some sort of magical fix just does n't make sense . ”
Meanwhile , a pair of top Republicans unveiled a plan Friday to carry out Trump 's directive to change the law that requires them to certify Iran 's compliance with the nuclear deal every 90 days .
The bill , from Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) and Iran hawk Sen. Tom Cotton ( R-Ark . ) , is intended to address issues they see in the nuclear deal itself , according to a fact sheet from Corker 's office .
I did n't pay much attention to Jeremy Lin until I realized they were getting me laid .
Story of my life : my insecurities take the form of mild to moderate narcissism and I ignore a cultural sensation -- the Asian Obama , if you think about it -- until it directly becomes pertinent to my sex life .
But there is this pretty boy , whom I considered far out of my league , stood in front of me , offering to buy me a drink at Akbar , a trendy gay dive in the Silverlake neighborhood of Los Angeles .
The boy , whom I 'll call Tim , was , I think , mixed-race , and generally too attractive for me . ( I tend to like gruff guys , anyway , the type who look like they can take a punch . ) But it 's always pleasant when an Adonis turns out to be good conversation , and after a few drinks , I asked them what they were looking for .
`` To be honest , '' Tim replied , taking a swig of Anchor Steam , `` I 've been on an Asian kick ever since Linsanity . I think he 's so hot , and I 'm surprised I 've never been with an Asian guy before . ''
Normally I do n't like it when guys bring up my race when they 're hitting on me . Without question , race is usually a major component of sexual chemistry ( and I certainly have my own preferences ) , but there 's no easier way to feel like a piece of meat than when you 're being compared to an anime character . But this was different . And it was entirely new to me .
I was being likened to an all-American mainstream superstar , not a niche fetish .
Since then , I 've gotten wing-manned by Linsanity on several more occasions . On my Adam4Adam account , I have a picture posted that features me clutching a strategically placed basketball . ( I took this picture as one of the subjects of a photography project called Sexy Geeks . ) The photo shoot was taken months before Jeremy 's Shakespearean rise to meteoric stardom , when the image of an Asian man clutching a basketball was meant to be a critique on societal stereotypes . How quickly things change .
Now , I 'd gotten no fewer than 30 messages on Adam4Adam that directly comment on the basketball picture , gushing about Jeremy Lin .
I have n't really paid attention to the NBA since the end of the Golden Age of the Lakers in 2004 . And the only reason I paid attention to that was because of the diva bitch fight that was the Kobe/Shaq rivalry . ( `` Just make out already ! '' I 'd yell at the screen . ) But this Jeremy Lin figure was ramping up my sex life , and I was curious as to why . So I Googled him .
On paper , Jeremy Lin and I have a lot in common . We are both American-born . We 're both from good Christian families ; we both were stellar students in school ; we both grew up in California . Like my mom and dad , their parents came from Taiwan with hopes of a better future for their kids . Like my maternal grandparents , their maternal grandparents fled China to Taiwan during Mao Zedong 's takeover .
But the similarities end there . I was confused . Was it really just skin deep , this sudden spike in interest ? Or is something greater at work here ?
You see , I grew up completely devoid of any role models that I could physically identify with . I am a thoroughly Americanized Asian man , but I 've always felt that when it comes to my identity , I am an army of one . I feel marginalized by the stereotypes thrust upon me , even defensive . The image I present -- one that I believe makes me a serious contender in my social surroundings -- I 've carefully cultivated myself , without a face to base it on .
But now we have Jeremy . He 's two years younger than me , and while I 'm a bit past the age of having role models , I 'm quite happy that the younger generation has them to look up to .
It helps that Jeremy Lin is indeed quite handsome , with a megawatt smile and a killer body , and , even better , in interviews they seem to be a humble and grounded guy . He 's also openly Christian , so middle America will eat them right up with extra gravy .
And while the rumors of a fling with Kim Kardashian seem at first to just be eye-roll-worthy tabloid fodder , you 've got to realize that they have been linked to a whole roster of male sex icons , from Nick Lachey to Gabriel Aubry to Reggie Bush . In a social context , Jeremy Lin 's sexuality is acknowledged in a titillating manner . Whereas before them the sexuality of Asian men had long been ignored or even ridiculed by American pop culture , Jeremy Lin could very well be the first true Asian-American stud .
And what are the implications of this cultural messiah ? Yes , first we 're going to get all the bad puns , ranging from corny to hilariously offensive . But beyond that , Linsanity could very well redefine the Asian-American man as a sexually acknowledged being . Frankly put , our basketball whiz kid has given the rest of us balls . ( Hey , who said I could n't join the bad pun train ? )
Because sex is an aspirational sport . We 're hardwired to desire the likeness of success ; it 's a remnant of our primordial survival skills mixed with pop culture . It 's why I have a huge crush on my neighbor who looks just like Ewan McGregor , because I associate their face with that of my favorite movie star . And it 's why Tim ( the asupervisorstioned pretty boy ) suddenly was made aware of my sexual potential as a mate . He 's now been given context in the muscled form of an NBA superstar .
In this sense , Linsanity applies not just to me , but to all Asian men , regardless of where they fall on the sexual orientation spectrum . You see , blond twinks have David Beckham , and we have Jeremy Lin .
Linsanity is a welcome phenomenon ; I do n't think any athlete has gotten this much love since pre-zombie-Ambien-sex Tiger Woods , and I think it foretells a future where the Asian influence on the world extends beyond , `` Oh , they 're good at math , are n't they ? '' I 'm sure there are many Jeremy Lins out there , and in due time they will emerge , as well .
And the result of these monumental shifts in the tectonic plates of global pop culture ? I 'll get laid . Progress !
Best friends : Kitten Rosie is raised with a pack of huskies ( Caters )
Meet the three-month-old kitten who thinks she 's a dog , after being rescued and ‘ adopted ' by a husky .
Rosie was re-homed by three sisters , after their co-worker found them abandoned and living on the streets of California .
They paired them with one of their pet huskies , Lilo , who has raised the kitten as one of their own .
Now , the ‘ kitten-husky cross ' sneaks dog food , follows their husky pals around the house and goes on walks with the pack .
Owner Thi Bui said : “ The first night we got Rosie , they seemed ok but then their health went downhill all of a sudden - they rejected food and would n't lift their head anymore .
`` Her eyes became infected and shut closed . We were providing all the human care we could , but we realised they needed a mother . So we paired them with Lilo , one of our huskies .
`` Amazingly , Lilo took on the motherhood role instantly , which was surprising because they have no pups of their own and was spayed the week before we got the kitten .
`` Rosie 's health improved dramatically thanks to Lilo . She 's growing up thinking she 's a husky now and they even go on walks with them ! ”
The kitten and husky duo play fight all of the time and have been inseparable since they met .
The owners and sister trio , which also includes Thoa and Tram Bui , own four cats , two huskies and two rabbits - all best friends .
Rosie often walks nearly two miles with their mother Lilo and their husky chums .
They now have over 41,000 followers on Instagram on their ‘ Lilo the Husky ' page .
Copyright by WIAT - All rights reserved
agarrettwrbl - COLUMBUS , Ga. ( WRBL ) — Some restaurant workers on edge following a scary incident over chicken fingers at a local Zaxby 's .
Columbus Police report says a customer grew angry , causing a scene at the chain restaurant 's location on Buena Vista Road . Some reported to police and WRBL News 3 they saw the man with a gun .
Employee Juanakee White tells News 3 they were a witness to the entire event . They say a customer began to complain about the size of a chicken finger .
`` He said they were n't big enough , '' White says . `` The manager asked do you want me to replace your meal ? They said yes , that 's fine . They still kind of argued with her , and they said well I 'll replace it to make you happy . ''
White continues at some point after being difficult , the customer went outside .
`` He just went to the car got a pistol was proceeding to come back in and everybody ran to the back and the customers were running to the back…running to the other side , '' they say .
From there , Columbus police were called .
`` And that was it…we thought that was it , '' says White . `` After the police left the first time they came back . ''
Another frenzy broke out with employees and customers scrambling for safety .
`` They say they had a gun so we ran back to the back again and got in the refrigerator and called the police again and they came back . `` - says White .
Columbus Police also weigh in to News 3 on the progress of the investigation . Lt. Bill Gasaway describes the man 's first reported incident .
`` He came back in , employees got scared and they called 911 and said they may have a gun and that 's why officers came up here but from what I 'm being told there was no gun seen…not anything like that , '' they say .
Zaxby 's management chose to keep the Buena Vista Road location open until closing time .
Police say at this time they believe there is no more risk . They will begin reviewing the Zaxby 's surveillance as early as Wednesday .
Not to be confused with The Cheshire Cheese
All the monarchs who have reigned in England during the pub 's existence are written to the right of the door
Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese is a Grade II listed public house at 145 Fleet Street , on Wine Office Court , City of London . [ 1 ] Rebuilt shortly after the Great Fire of 1666 , the pub is known for its literary associations , with its regular patrons having included Charles Dickens , G.K. Chesterton and Mark Twain .
The pub is on the Campaign for Real Ale 's National Inventory of Historic Pub Interiors . [ 2 ]
Age [ edit ]
Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese is located in an alley off Fleet Street
Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese is one of a number of pubs in London to have been rebuilt shortly after the Great Fire of 1666 . There has been a pub at this location since 1538 . While there are several older pubs which have survived because they were beyond the reach of the fire , or like The Tipperary on the opposite side of Fleet Street because they were made of stone , this pub continues to attract interest due to the lack of natural lighting inside .
Some of the interior wood panelling is nineteenth century , some older , perhaps original . [ citation needed ] The vaulted cellars are thought to belong to a 13th-century Carmelite monastery which once occupied the site . The entrance to this pub is situated in a narrow alleyway and is very unassuming , yet once inside visitors will realise that the pub occupies a lot of floor space and has numerous bars and gloomy rooms . In winter , open fireplaces are used to keep the interior warm . In the barroom are posted plaques showing famous people who were regulars .
The pub is currently owned and operated by the Samuel Smith Brewery .
Literary associations [ edit ]
Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese in 1873
The literary figures Oliver Goldsmith , Mark Twain , Alfred Tennyson , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , G.K. Chesterton , P. G. Wodehouse and Samuel Johnson are all said to have been 'regulars ' . However , there is no recorded evidence that Johnson ever visited the pub , only that they lived close by , at 17 Gough Square . At The Johnson Club supper , 13 December 1892 , 'an eloquent gentleman , present , an Irish former MP , [ 3 ] pointed out that when Johnson acted on their suggestion `` let us take a walk down Fleet Street '' the Cheshire Cheese must of necessity have been included among their places of call . '
Charles Dickens had been known to use the establishment frequently , and it is alluded to in their A Tale of Two Cities : following Charles Darnay 's acquittal on charges of high treason , Sydney Carton invites them to dine , `` drawing their arm through their own '' Carton leads them to Fleet Street `` up a covered way , into a tavern … where Charles Darnay was soon recruiting their strength with a good plain dinner and good wine '' . R.L . Stevenson mentions the Cheese in The Dynamiter ( 1885 ) , ' a select society at the Cheshire Cheese engaged my evenings . ' A Tale of Two Cities was in part the inspiration for the American children 's book The Cheshire Cheese Cat by Carmen Agra Deedy , Randall Wright and Barry Moser , which is set in the pub . [ 4 ]
The Cheshire Cheese pub appears in Anthony Trollope 's novel Ralph the Heir , where one of the characters , Ontario Moggs , is described as speaking `` with vigor at the debating club at the Cheshire Cheese in support of unions and the rights of man ... ''
Wodehouse , though so many of their characters were members of posh London clubs , often preferred the homey intimacy of the pub . In a letter to a friend they wrote , `` Yesterday , I looked in at the Garrick at lunchtime , took one glance of loathing at the mob , and went off to lunch by myself at the Cheshire Cheese . `` [ 5 ] The pub is mentioned by name in some of their books as well . [ 6 ]
The Rhymers ' Club was a group of London-based poets , founded in 1890 by W. B. Yeats and Ernest Rhys . Originally not much more than a dining club , it produced anthologies of poetry in 1892 and 1894 . They met at the Cheshire Cheese and in the 'Domino Room ' of the Café Royal .
According to the Betty Crocker cookbook , both Dickens and Ben Jonson dined on Welsh rarebit at this pub , [ 7 ] although Jonson died almost a century before the dish is first known to have been recorded . [ 8 ]
Soviet writer Boris Pilnyak visited the pub during their stay in London in 1923 . They later wrote a story entitled `` Staryi syr , '' ( `` old cheese '' in Russian ) a part of which takes place in the Cheshire Cheese Pub . There is a chapter devoted to the Cheshire Cheese and the 'Companions of the Cheshire Cheese ' ( W.B Yeats ' poem 'The Grey Rock ' 1914 ) in That Irishman : The Life and Times of John O'Connor Power by Jane Stanford .
Agatha Christie wrote that their fictional detective Hercule Poirot dined with a new client at the Cheshire Cheese in their 1924 story The Million Dollar Bond Robbery , adding a description of `` the excellent steak and kidney pudding of the establishment . `` [ 9 ]
The pub in 1980
The founding meeting of the Medical Journalists ' Association took place at the 'Cheese ' on 1 February 1967 . At that time , health journalism was in its infancy , and medical doctors who wrote articles under their own name could be reported to the General Medical Council . From an initial membership of 48 , the MJA now represents around 500 journalists , broadcasters and editors . [ 10 ]
A 1680 broadside ballad called A New Ballad of the Midwives Ghost tells a fantastical story of how a midwife haunted the house where they died until they were able to induce the new residents there to dig up the bones of some bastard children they had made away with and buried there . The final lines of the ballad insist upon the veracity of the tale and even that the children 's bones may be seen for proof displayed at the Cheshire Cheese . [ 11 ]
Polly the Parrot [ edit ]
For around 40 years , Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese was associated with a grey parrot named Polly . On its death in 1926 around 200 newspapers across the world wrote obituaries , while the news was read out on radio station 2LO . [ 12 ]
Erotic tiles [ edit ]
In 1962 , the pub gave the Museum of London a number of sexually explicit erotic plaster of Paris tiles recovered from an upper room . [ 13 ] These tiles strongly suggest that the room was used as a brothel in the mid-eighteenth century . [ 14 ]
References [ edit ]
Campaign for Real Ale ( CAMRA ) , The Regional Inventory for London , Pub Interiors of Special Historic Interest . ISBN 1-85249-204-X
Further reading [ edit ]
Thomas Wilson Reid ( 1908 ) . The Book of the Cheese : Being Traits and Stories of `` Ye olde-Cheshire Cheese '' , Wine Office Court , Fleet Street , London , E. C . Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese .
That Irishman : The Life and Times of John O'Connor Power , Part Three , 'At Large ' , Jane Stanford , The History Press , 2011 , ISBN 978-1-84588-698-1
Coordinates :
Woman , man or a little bit of both ? How deciding Caster Semenya 's gender is more complex than you might think
The family and friends of the teenager who struck gold in the women 's 800 metres at the World Athletics Championships but now faces sex tests hit out yesterday at claims they could be a man .
And South African Caster Semenya was also backed by their government , who called them the country 's 'golden girl ' and a role model for young athletes .
Caster , whose rapid improvement over the last year raised eyebrows , won the women 's title with a crushing performance in Berlin on Wednesday .
The governing body of world athletics , the IAAF , has asked South Africa to test their star 18-year-old 's gender after their muscular physique and extraordinary performances sparked speculation over whether they are really female .
But their proud mother Dorcus Semenya declared : ' I know who and what my child is . Caster is all girl , and no one can change that . '
Speaking from their home in the rural village of Seshego in South Africa 's Limpopo province , the mother-of-six added : 'If you ask any of my neighbours , they would tell you that Caster is a girl . '
Here we analyse just how difficult it is to determine gender
At first thought , it seems strange that the South African runner Caster Semenya needs to take a sex test to determine whether they are indeed a woman - or a man , as rumours suggest .
Track star Caster Semenya : But is this teenage golden girl all that they seem ?
One would imagine that sex is something fairly clear-cut : that you are either one or the other .
It seems even stranger to discover that the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) says that the tests are 'extremely complex ' , and that the results will not be known for days , even weeks .
Again , this seems to run contrary to common sense . Surely , one would think , determining one 's sex is as simple as removing one 's underwear and taking a look .
In fact , it can be rather more complicated than that . It is not generally appreciated that gender in humans - and many other species , too - is not just a binary affair , a simple case of being male or female .
While the vast majority of people are clearly either a man or a woman , many others are somewhere between the two - often with tragic consequences .
Indeed , while people have been making jokes for decades about burly , allegedly female shot putters and javelin throwers , who turn out - after often humiliating and invasive 'investigations ' - really to be men , the fact is that such cases do not always involve intentional deception , and can result from true biological ambiguity .
Evelyn Sekgala , Caster Smenya 's cousin , has come to their defence and insists sh has always been female
Caster Semenya 's aunt Martina Lamola ( L ) and their siblings , Thabang ( 13 ) and Nkele Semenya ( R ) show off their certifcates and trophies in their village of Molejie
Caster Semenya 's family members and friends all insist they are a girl : from left , Paballo Choshi , 19 , ( cousin ) ; Nkele Semenya , 16 , younger sister ; Shirley Rammabi , neighbour and Martinah Lamola aunt from Masetlong village at Moletjie in Limpopo .
To understand how , and why , we need first to clear up some semantics . The term 'sex ' is a biological one , with a strict biological meaning .
'Sex ' is a genetic marker , indicating the nature of the chromosomes in your body and what type of sex cells - eggs or sperm - you produce as an adult .
When it comes to sex , the vast majority of people are either 'male ' , in which case their cells contain a paired set of ' X ' and ' Y ' sex chromosomes , or 'female ' , in which case they have two ' X ' chromosomes .
So most people are , genetically , either 'XY ' ( male ) or 'XX ' ( female ) . Normally , this means you will develop into either a biological male or a biological female .
Masculine : Questions have been raised about Semenya because of their muscular build and deep voice
Your chromosomes , for example , are ( largely ) responsible for whether you have testicles and a penis , or a uterus , ovaries and a vagina .
Unfortunately , it is n't always as simple as that . Hormones circulating in the growing foetus , for example , can accentuate or retard the formation of certain sexual characteristics .
Too little testosterone , and male genitals , even in an XY foetus , may form incompletely , or even not be visible at all .
Meanwhile , too much testosterone in a genetically female ( XX ) foetus may lead to the 'masculinisation ' of the external genitalia .
This may lead to a penis-like organ in place of the female clitoris , or even , rarely , wholly-formed male sex organs .
Champion : Semenya has been given with their gold medal but it could be taken away if gender tests reveal they are a man - promoting Kenya 's Janeth Jepkosgei Busienei to gold and Britain 's Jenny Meadows to silver
Sexual 'dimorphism ' - differences in the bodies of males and females - normally continues to develop during childhood and puberty .
In 'normal ' males , testosterone causes bones and muscles to develop more strongly , the voicebox to expand , and facial hair to grow .
Girls , meanwhile , grow breasts , wider pelvises and start to accumulate more body fat than their brothers .
But again , there are vast differences between people - even those who are genetically 'normal ' .
Many men develop wide hips and high-pitched voices , while many biological females develop slim-hipped , muscular frames , powerful muscles and deep voices .
Humans vary a great deal . It is , perhaps , unsurprising that the world of sport - in which speed , power and endurance are paramount - has produced a number of sexually ambiguous female competitors , as it is precisely these characteristics , related to muscle mass and strength , that are associated with the markers of male biology .
Complicated : Semenya will undergo complex gender tests as discovering the truth is not as easy as looking under their shorts
It is the case of 'intersexuality ' , however , that leads to the greatest degree of confusion and , often , prejudice .
As we have already seen , it is possible for a person to be genetically 'male ' or female ' and yet , for complex hormonal reasons , show only partial male or female bodily characteristics .
But there are several known abnormalities that can lead to specific sexual ambiguity .
So called 'XX male syndrome ' occurs in people who have two X chromosomes - one of which contains a significant amount of genetic material from a Y chromosome .
These people appear to be male , but are , in fact , genetically female . Typically , they will possess male sex organs , but these will often be underdeveloped .
They will also often develop breasts and maintain a high-pitched speaking voice .
In fact , biologists now recognise a host of conditions , both genetic and otherwise , which are labelled under the umbrella term 'intersex ' - which replaces older terms such as 'hermaphrodite ' .
It is estimated that about one in 5,000 babies born falls into the Intersex category - although , because there are such strong taboos and prejudices concerning sex , gender and identity in most societies , the true number may be much higher .
Easy victory : Semenya was metres ahead of their competitors in the 800m race
Intersex people may be genetically female , but physiologically male . Some will be true hermaphrodites , producing both eggs and sperm .
Many will have been subjected to 'gender reassignment surgery ' after birth , sometimes successfully , often not .
I once went to a talk given by a group of doctors and biologists who were all themselves intersex , and some of the tales were both moving and harrowing .
There were stories of surgical castration and remodelling , with disastrous psychological consequences later in life .
Sex testing can be harrowing as well . The Indian 800 metre runner Santhi Soundarajan , who was stripped of their silver medal and reported to have attempted suicide in the wake of their very public gender test 'failure ' at the 2006 Asian games , simply did not know that they had 'androgen insensitivity syndrome ' .
This means that despite having no visible male genitalia and a visibly female body , they do , in fact , have a 'male ' pair of XY chromosomes .
What this sorry affair teaches us is that sport , with its emphasis on precise measurements and defined quantities , is badly equipped to cope with something as vague and emotionally charged as human sexual differentiation .
In the world of athletics , you come first - or you lose . But when it comes to being male or female , it really is possible to be something in between .
One can only hope that the 'experts ' at the IAAF take this into account before testing Ms Semenya and announcing their results to the world .
We 've been here before with Stella the high-speed fella
By GUY WALTERS
Stella the fella : Stella Walsh won a silver medal at the 1936 Olympics - but was later found to be a man
The victory of Caster Semenya in the women 's 800 metres final is not the first time an athlete of questionable gender has struck gold in Berlin 's Olympic Stadium .
During the 1936 Olympic Games , all three medal winners in the women 's 100 metres looked more butch than their male counterparts .
The winner was American Helen Stephens , whose features were so masculine and voice so deep that one British female athlete openly queried how they were even allowed into the women 's section of the Olympic village .
The silver medal was won by Stella Walsh , a Polish sprinter whose true gender was only discovered when he/she was gunned down in the crossfire of a bank robbery in Ohio in 1980 .
The autopsy revealed that their nickname of 'Stella the Fella ' was well deserved : they were found to have male genitalia .
Meanwhile , there was little doubt that one of the German competitors in the women 's high jump had something hidden them shorts .
Dora Ratjen , whose real name was Hermann , was deliberately entered into the female event by the Nazis to ensure an unfair advantage that would bring glory to the Reich .
The ruse was suspected , even though they are said to have bound their genitals tightly to conceal them .
' I thought something was a bit funny , ' recalled one athlete , 'because they had a deep voice and snored in their sleep . What 's more , they also had to shave them face . '
Unfortunately for the Nazis , Ratjen came only fourth , and retired from female athletics to pursue the more masculine career of running a pub .
Famously , it was the Eastern Bloc that would take 'gender-bending ' into new realms after the war .
Tamara and Irina Press , two sisters in the Soviet team of the 1960s , won five Olympic shot and discus medals between them , and set 26 new world records .
But as soon as the gender test was introduced , they disappeared from international competition .
Beefy : 'Dora ' Ratjen was a man deliberately disguised as a woman to fix the high jump in the Berlin Olympics , left , while shot putter Heidi Krieger was given drugs that turned them into a man
Likewise , the absurdly masculine appearance of East German female hammer throwers from the 1960s and the 1970s still raises laughs ; but those beefy looks hid tragic stories of young women whose bodies were pumped full of anabolic steroids in order to improve athletic performance , and thereby supposedly glorify Communism .
One of the most infamous examples was Heidi Krieger , an East German shot putter who was given so many drugs that they turned into a man , and is now called Andreas .
Usually , young women such as Krieger were told that the pills were nothing more than vitamins .
East German shot putter Birgit Boese recalled how the drugs were given to them from the age of 11 .
As a result , they have been left with a disarmingly male appearance - and no end of health problems .
'Once , a doctor told me : `` Ms Boese , if you were a car and came in for inspection , I 'd write off the car and send it to the junkyard , '' ' they said .
GUY WALTERS is the author of Berlin Games : How Hitler Stole The Olympic Dream .
By Zhanyong Wan - Software Engineer
These days , it seems that everyone is rolling their own C++ testing framework , if they have n't done so already . Wikipedia has a partial list of such frameworks . This is interesting because many OOP languages have only one or two major frameworks . For example , most Java people seem happy with either JUnit or TestNG . Are C++ programmers the do-it-yourself kind ?
When we started working on Google Test ( Google 's C++ testing framework ) , and especially after we open-sourced it , people began asking us why we were doing it . The short answer is that we could n't find an existing C++ testing framework that satisfied all our needs . This does n't mean that these frameworks were all poorly designed or implemented . Rather , many of them had great ideas and tricks that we learned from . However , Google had a huge number of C++ projects that got compiled on various operating systems ( Linux , Windows , Mac OS X , and later Android , among others ) with different compilers and all kinds of compiler flags , and we needed a framework that worked well in all these environments and ccould handle many different types and sizes of projects .
Unlike Java , which has the famous slogan `` Write once , run anywhere , '' C++ code is being written in a much more diverse environment . Due to the complexity of the language and the need to do low-level tasks , compatibility between different C++ compilers and even different versions of the same compiler is poor . There is a C++ standard , but it 's not well supported by compiler vendors . For many tasks you have to rely on unportable extensions or platform-specific functionality . This makes it hard to write a reasonably complex system that can be built using many different compilers and works on many platforms .
To make things more complicated , most C++ compilers allow you to turn off some standard language features in return for better performance . Do n't like using exceptions ? You can turn it off . Think dynamic cast is bad ? You can disable Run-Time Type Identification , the feature behind dynamic cast and run-time access to type information . If you do any of these , however , code using these features will fail to compile . Many testing frameworks rely on exceptions . They are automatically out of the question for us since we turn off exceptions in many projects ( in case you are curious , Google Test does n't require exceptions or run-time type identification by default ; when these language features are turned on , Google Test will try to take advantage of them and provide you with more utilities , like the exception assertions . ) .
Why not just write a portable framework , then ? Indeed , that 's a top design goal for Google Test . And authors of some other frameworks have tried this too . However , this comes with a cost . Cross-platform C++ development requires much more effort : you need to test your code with different operating systems , different compilers , different versions of them , and different compiler flags ( combine these factors and the task soon gets daunting ) ; some platforms may not let you do certain things and you have to find a workaround there and guard the code with conditional compilation ; different versions of compilers have different bugs and you may have to revise your code to bypass them all ; etc . In the end , it 's hard unless you are happy with a bare-bone system .
So , I think a major reason that we have many C++ testing frameworks is that C++ is different in different environments , making it hard to write portable C++ code . John 's framework may not suit Bill 's environment , even if it solves John 's problems perfectly .
Another reason is that some limitations of C++ make it impossible to implement certain features really well , and different people chose different ways to work around the limitations . One notable example is that C++ is a statically-typed language and does n't support reflection . Most Java testing frameworks use reflection to automatically discover tests you 've written such that you do n't have to register them one-by-one . This is a good thing as manually registering tests is tedious and you can easily write a test and forget to register it . Since C++ has no reflection , we have to do it differently . Unfortunately there is no single best option . Some frameworks require you to register tests by hand , some use scripts to parse your source code to discover tests , and some use macros to automate the registration . We prefer the last approach and think it works for most people , but some disagree . Also , there are different ways to devise the macros and they involve different trade-offs , so the result is not clear-cut .
Let 's see some actual code to understand how Google Test solves the test registration problem . The simplest way to add a test is to use the
TEST
macro ( what else would we name it ? ) :
TEST ( Subject , HasCertainProperty ) {
… testing code goes here …
}
This defines a test method whose purpose is to verify that the given subject has the given property . The macro automatically registers the test with Google Test such that it will be run when the test program ( which may contain many such
TEST
definitions ) is executed .
Here 's a more concrete example that verifies a Factorial ( ) function works as expected for positive arguments :
TEST ( FactorialTest , HandlesPositiveInput ) {
EXPECT_EQ ( 1 , Factorial ( 1 ) ) ;
EXPECT_EQ ( 2 , Factorial ( 2 ) ) ;
EXPECT_EQ ( 6 , Factorial ( 3 ) ) ;
EXPECT_EQ ( 40320 , Factorial ( 8 ) ) ;
}
many C++ testing framework authors neglected extensibility and were happy just providing canned solutions , so we ended up with many solutions , each satisfying a different niche but none general enough . A versatile framework must have a good extension story . Let 's face it : you can not be all things to all people , no matter what . Instead of bloating the framework with rarely used features , we should provide good out-of-box solutions for maybe 95 % of the use cases , and leave the rest to extensions . If I can easily extend a framework to solve a particular problem of mine , I will feel less motivated to write my own thing . Unfortunately , many framework authors do n't seem to see the importance of extensibility . I think that mindset contributed to the plethora of frameworks we see today . In Finally , , so we ended up with many solutions , each satisfying a different niche but none general enough . A versatile framework must have a good extension story . Let 's face it : you can not be all things to all people , no matter what . Instead of bloating the framework with rarely used features , we should provide good out-of-box solutions for maybe 95 % of the use cases , and leave the rest to extensions . If I can easily extend a framework to solve a particular problem of mine , I will feel less motivated to write my own thing . Unfortunately , many framework authors do n't seem to see the importance of extensibility . I think that mindset contributed to the plethora of frameworks we see today . In Google Test , we try to make it easy to expand your testing vocabulary by defining custom assertions that generate informative error messages . For instance , here 's a naive way to verify that an int value is in a given range :
bool IsInRange ( int value , int low , int high ) {
return low < = value & & value < = high ;
}
...
EXPECT_TRUE ( IsInRange ( SomeFunction ( ) , low , high ) ) ;
The problem is that when the assertion fails , you only know that the value returned by SomeFunction ( ) is not in range [ low , high ] , but you have no idea what that return value and the range actually are -- this makes debugging the test failure harder .
You could provide a custom message to make the failure more descriptive :
EXPECT_TRUE ( IsInRange ( SomeFunction ( ) , low , high ) )
< < `` SomeFunction ( ) = `` < < SomeFunction ( )
< < `` , not in range [ ``
< < low < < `` , `` < < high < < `` ] '' ;
Except that this is incorrect as
SomeFunction ( )
return a different answer each time . You can fix that by introducing an intermediate variable to hold the function 's result :
int result = SomeFunction ( ) ;
EXPECT_TRUE ( IsInRange ( result , low , high ) )
< < `` result ( return value of SomeFunction ( ) ) = `` < < result
< < `` , not in range [ `` < < low < < `` , `` < < high < < `` ] '' ;
However this is tedious and obscures what you are really trying to do . It 's not a good pattern when you need to do the “ is in range ” check repeatedly . What we need here is a way to abstract this pattern into a reusable construct .
Google Test lets you define a test predicate like this :
AssertionResult IsInRange ( int value , int low , int high ) {
if ( value < low )
return AssertionFailure ( )
< < value < < `` < lower bound `` < < low ;
else if ( value > high )
return AssertionFailure ( )
< < value < < `` > upper bound `` < < high ;
else
return AssertionSuccess ( )
< < value < < `` is in range [ ``
< < low < < `` , `` < < high < < `` ] '' ;
}
Then the statement
EXPECT_TRUE ( IsInRange ( SomeFunction ( ) , low , high ) )
may print ( assuming that
SomeFunction ( )
returns 13 ) :
Value of : IsInRange ( SomeFunction ( ) , low , high )
Actual : false ( 13 < lower bound 20 )
Expected : true
The same
IsInRange ( )
definition also lets you use it in an
EXPECT_FALSE
context , e.g .
EXPECT_FALSE ( IsInRange ( AnotherFunction ( ) , low , high ) )
could print :
Value of : IsInRange ( AnotherFunction ( ) , low , high )
Actual : true ( 25 is in range [ 20 , 60 ] )
Expected : false
This way , you can build a library of test predicates for your problem domain , and benefit from clear , declarative test code and descriptive failure messages .
In the same vein , Google Mock ( our C++ mocking framework ) allows you to easily define matchers that can be used exactly the same way as built-in matchers . Also , we have included an event listener API in Google Test for people to write plug-ins . We hope that people will use these features to extend Google Test/Mock for their own need and contribute back extensions that might be generally useful .
Perhaps one day we will solve the C++ testing framework fragmentation problem , after all . : - )
The Bellevue School District is retesting the water in all its schools more than a decade after finding lead in 13 out of its 16 elementary schools .
The Bellevue School District is retesting the water in all its schools more than a decade after finding lead in 13 out of its 16 elementary schools .
On Friday morning , school officials told The Associated Press the testing that found unsafe levels of lead in water was from early May . Later Friday , they said that upon further review , they learned the elementary school results were from 2005 .
A district spokesperson says they do not know when tests that found lead in the water at middle and high schools were done .
School officials have replaced or repaired the troubled fixtures which tested positive for lead above the actionable level set by the Environmental Protection Agency , the district said .
In the 2005 tests , 13 of the district 's 16 elementary schools had at least one fixture that tested positive for lead above 15 parts per billion in 2005 , according to district spokesperson Christina Madden . In the district 's middle and high schools , tests have also found at least one drinking water fixture that tested above the EPA level , although it 's unclear when those tests were done .
District spokesperson Elizabeth Sytman said none of the schools have shut down water fountains because the fixtures were fixed as soon as the trouble was identified . Testing is ongoing , they said .
The Associated Press asked every school district in the state if they test drinking water for lead . Of the more than half that responded to the request , about 60 percent said they test . Of those , nearly 20 percent have found lead in at least one fixture during the past decade or so . Most made immediate repairs .
Some districts said they do not test because all their buildings are relatively new and they did n't think the pipes or fixtures could leach lead into the drinking water . There is no state or federal law that requires schools to test the water inside their buildings for lead . Washington has a rule on the subject that has never gone into effect because the Legislature has not provided money to pay for the tests .
Tacoma Public Schools revealed last month that 13 of its elementary schools had tested positive for lead in drinking water . The lead levels at some of the Tacoma fixtures were higher than any levels found in Bellevue , but health experts say there is no healthy level of lead in drinking water .
In Bellevue , the highest lead levels in the 2005 tests were found in Clyde Hill , Medina , Phantom Lake , Somerset and Bennett elementary schools , some of which are in the wealthiest area of Bellevue . Each had at least one fixture with lead levels of 40 parts per billion or above . Three schools did not have any fixtures that reached the EPA actionable level : Lake Hills , Newport Heights and Stevenson elementary schools .
Bellevue has rebuilt most of its school buildings in the years since 2003 .
The only lead in water found by the City of Bellevue utility department when it tested in 2014 and 2015 was inside older homes with corroded pipes , said utility spokesperson Michael May . They said the water flowing into homes , schools and offices has had no positive test results for lead .
🈹 New Year , New Sale
It 's happened , eBook copies of Red Litten World—the third installment of the Bell Forging Cycle—are finally on sale . From today through January 6th , 2018 you can get your DRM-free copies for only 99¢ from your favorite eBook retailer . Hot damn ! That 's a saving of five dollars . You can get a book , and you 'll still be able to afford lunch or a fancy coffee . Click any of the links below to purchase .
But wait , there 's more . Since this is Red Litten World 's first sale , I figured I 'd triple the savings and offer ebooks of The Stars Were Right and Old Broken Road for 99¢ as well ! That means right now you can get all three books for less than three dollars . That 's twelve bucks back in your pocket ! The new year is coming so why not celebrate with some new books ?
📖 Already a Reader ?
Often , my readers ask how they can participate in sales like this even though they 've already bought the books . Here are a few ways you can help me ( and other authors ) out :
Share this deal with your friends and family
Post about this sale on Twitter and Facebook
Leave a review ( Seriously this helps more than you realize . )
Follow me on Twitter and Facebook
and Gift an eBook ( Available at Amazon , Nook , and iBooks . Details in this post . )
) Ask your local library to add my books to their collection
Any of that goes a long way towards helping me out . Thanks for reading and supporting my work . It means more than you can ever realize .
❄️ 🦑 ❄️
Chris Charles [ of Creative Silence ]
My eyes would stare in fixation at the door that stood before me . There would be days I would n't see the starving faces of customers entering the restaurant , where I did n't see the joyous merriment that transpired at their dining tables , nor the misery in the eyes of my co-workers―I only saw the door that was my exit to freedom and my entrance into prison . My vision was limited only to the obstacle that separated me from my dream ; I did n't know what would happen once I finally got through the door , but I believed in the greener pastures that awaited me on the other side . Nirvana was just a doorknob away .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Kanye 's “ Spaceship ” was more than just a song ; it captured my perception of being an artist in a non-creative workspace . Kanye 's angst was my angst , their passion was my passion , and if their spaceship took them from The Gap , I believed mine would take me from Olive Garden . Their entire career has been a testament on how artistic forward-thinking can move mountains , demolish doors , and nuke normalcy . On the other side of the spectrum was Phonte 's “ The Good Fight , ” a song that does n't value a dream over a job , but rather the importance of working for the sake of your livelihood . Phonte has always been honest and unmerciful , a voice that would rather sing of realism than sell a fantasy to listeners .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
I carry the hook from Little Brother 's “ Dreams ” in my heart like an ancient African proverb : “ Momma I got dreams , but dreams do n't keep the lights on. ” It 's true , dreams do n't keep the lights on , but if you can turn that dream into something real then the opportunities are endless .
In 2016 , Phonte is n't worried about keeping the lights on . They have reached a point in their career where money is a thought , but no longer a worry . It 's an excellent position to be in for a rapper who released their first album as a member of Little Brother over 13 years ago . They recalled during our phone call the moment they decided to quit their job and pursue music as a career :
“ Up until we went on tour for The Listening in 2003 , the winter of 2003 , I was still working a job . We made about $ 3,000 dollars―me , Pooh , and 9th came back with $ 1,000 a piece . That was enough money for me to pay my rent and put something on my car note . I got this month figured out , so I had 30 days to figure out the next month . That was my life from that point on . Just kinda swinging from vine to vine . There 's been times I thought there would n't be any vines , but now they are much closer . Much , much closer now than they were 15 years ago . I got it figured out . ”
What makes all that Phonte has accomplished is their career so impressive is how he 's done so without sacrificing their artistic integrity . In this business , artists conform ; maybe it 's for money , maybe it 's for fame , but there have been countless individuals that have gone against who they are for the sake of a moment . Moments they will look back on and cringe , and hate what they created .
“ You never want to make an artistic decision out of desperation , ” is a quote from our conversation that will likely stick with me for the rest of my life . They elaborated further on the importance of making music that you 're proud of , music that you wo n't mind living with for the duration of your career . Being able to make music at 22 that you can listen to at 32 without being embarrassed is a form of success that all artists should strive for .
“ The reason why I 've been able to stay on course with my career , and do the music I want to make is because I never put myself in the position where shit was do or die . For anyone that 's pursuing something artistic , long as you got something that allows you to make some steady bread , I say stay in it . You never want desperation to fuel what artistic moves you have to make . Go after your dream but be practical . Do n't get dressed up before you have a date for the prom . ”
Accomplishing your dream is romanticized like the rainbow that comes after the rainfall . I used to think this way , but in reality , you deal with an even heavier downpour before the gray skies depart . No matter what your dream may be , it 's still , essentially , work , and work is n't always a pleasure . The moment rap became work for Phonte is when Little Brother signed to Atlantic Records for their sophomore album .
“ Anytime you turn something you 're passionate about into an obligation , you 're going to meet it with some kind of resentment , ” they tell me ; a very true observation on the change that occurs when your passion becomes your livelihood . The way Phonte breaks it down is by comparing the transition into music as a career to leaving your wife for your mistress , and how the dynamics of those two relationships changing will have unforeseen results that will affect your life .
If your mistress was your escape from your wife , what happens when you need to escape your mistress ? If music is what helped to deal with the bullshit in life , what happens once music is the reason for all your stress ?
“ I do n't think people get it when you say it takes hard work to make it in this business . I do n't think anyone has an idea of what that really means . Hard work does n't mean I 'm not getting any sleep , that I may have to miss a couple birthdays , no nigga . It means you may be working your ass off for 10 to 15 years before you see any glimmer of a breakthrough . Are you willing to put in 10 years of hard work for your dream ? When we were doing LB , we were doing LB to death . It was mixtape , album , mixtape , tour , tour , tour , tour , album , man we did that shit to death . By the time 2010 rolled around , I just did n't have any more to give . I had to find the love again . ”
Life is long . It 's hard to see a future at 50 when you 're living out your early 20s . Tomorrow may not be promised , but there 's also no telling the impact that tomorrow will have on the person you are today . We are on a long journey to old age—more of a gift than a curse—but life has a way of throwing you through loops just to see if you can handle the changes .
Phonte has aged gracefully in this youthful genre , and he 's one artist who wears their maturity like a piece of proud cloth . Both Charity Starts At Home and the recently released Tigallerro , a collaborative album with Eric Roberson , are albums from a seasoned emcee who knows exactly the kind of music they want to make , without being tempted by today 's the hottest trend . You can hear a life of experience in their music ; the way they approach topics of love and life is much different than some of their contemporaries , and I 'd rather have that voice at times to soak in the same wisdom you would receive from like an intelligent uncle . Hip-Hop and rap need that voice .
“ When you 're young starting in your career , it 's all about being the best you can be and developing that skill to be the best you can be . Once you get older , further in your career , that 's when it 's about putting yourself in the position to make the most money . That 's pretty much where I am right now . In terms of rhyming and rapping , I 'm about as good of a rapper that I 'm going to be . I 'm always pushing to make myself better , I 'm still going to continue sharpening the sword , but now it 's about putting myself in the position to make the bread and take it to another level . That 's the transition for me . At 22 it was about being the greatest rapper . Now it 's about how can I set up life for my 50 's and 60 's . ”
Talking with Phonte , you get the same wit and wisdom that made them such a refreshing rapper when Little Brother first appeared . We talked about biters in hip-hop , ageism , raising kids during the social media era , and police brutality in America . I could honestly fill pages with quotable gems and jewels .
The most important things they told me during our conversation , though , were their views on success :
“ Being able to say what you want and make a living doing it . Living on your own terms . I think about money , but I do n't worry about money . That 's something that 's been years in the making . You have peaks and valleys in your career . The work I put in has been paying off and has lead to opportunities . I can say now that money is something I do n't worry about . If you can make a living doing what you love , saying what you want to say , take care of your family , and come home to a house to people that love you outside of what you do , what more can you ask for ? I tell young guys all the time , music is not going to save you . It can change your life , but it 's not going to save your life . If you use it properly , it can be a tool to help your family out of a difficult situation . It can help take care of your kids . It can provide you with income to help you handle what 's going on in your life . But once you step off that stage , step out of that recording both , you still have to be you . There 's a difference between your persona and your identity . Outside of the music , outside of the job you have to ask who am I ? It can not be your job . If it is you 'll be torn to fucking pieces . You have to have something that grounds you . ”
He 's right . Music is not going to save your life . It can be fulfilling , and it can be rewarding , but it wo n't take your soul completely out of the furnace . I see it in many artists—I see it in myself—the aches and pains that come with losing a sense of self because of work .
Chase your dreams , conquer your goals , but do n't be defined by your work . Do n't be defined by your career . Phonte is living proof that you can figure it out later on in life . Just have the courage to turn the doorknob if you really want to see what 's on the other side .
By Yoh , aka Yohtigallo , aka @ Yoh31
The Columbia Daily Tribune 's new Neighborhoods site could excel where others have sputtered .
A little more than five months after NBC News shut down its hyperlocal product , EveryBlock.com , the original open-source application has been resurrected in Columbia , Mo . But although both products were born of the same Django codebase and Knight Foundation funding , visitors to The Columbia Daily Tribune 's new Neighborhoods site will see a different emphasis and a new hope for a project that has slowed under the weight of government disability and technical complexity .
The new site looks like it will excel where others have sputtered . Most importantly , it has an advocate at the top in General Manager Andy Waters , who has combined their own newsroom resources with the $ 90,000 they received from the Knight Foundation to give the site what seems to be a pretty good chance to live at least to see adolescence . The user interface is clean and smart , and the government data — which is the most difficult of any kind of data to mine — appears to be more current and complete than any OpenBlock installation has seen since the very early days before its code was made public .
`` There 's a lot more that can be done with location-based and data-driven news and information -- both online and in print . ''
That kind of commitment is needed for OpenBlock to succeed , because pulling digital records out of all but the very most efficient and transparent government agencies is a tremendous drag on the expense side of the news business . That difficulty , though , can also create an opportunity for outsized revenue .
ADVERTISEMENT
Chris Gubbels , the Web developer who 's been overseeing the project for The Tribune , said that unlike many jurisdictions , Columbia 's police and fire data were “ pretty simple ” to pull into OpenBlock . The police even provided The Tribune with an RSS feed of geocoded 911 response calls .
But the offerings of public government data are still short of what The Tribune hopes to have .
“ We 're trying to get rezoning requests from the city ; we 'd like to do deeds of trust , ” Gubbels said . Both Waters and Gubbels said that negotiations with government agencies have taken a significant amount of the resources needed for the project , and will require ongoing investment .
ADVERTISEMENT
The New Business Cases for OpenBlock
The willingness to take on that kind of expense also means that OpenBlock organizations need leadership to imagine and execute a revenue strategy that is native to the product rather than using the application to merely drive up page views ( and drive down demand for online display advertising space ) .
At one point , The Tribune was looking at making the OpenBlock service available to subscribers only . And , Waters said , they are still looking at whether the difficulty of obtaining some kinds of government data might actually provide an opportunity to charge for access to customers for whom certain kinds of public data are a critical piece of business intelligence .
None of that , though , means that the family-owned news company that reaches nearly 80 percent of the 130,000 adults in its market is sitting on top of the next LinkedIn or Google . Unlike all the other digital products The Tribune launches , it has set no benchmarks to measure the business success of the new Neighborhoods site .
“ We 're not sure what the profit model is going to be for this yet , ” Gubbels said .
At the OpenRural project , also funded by the Knight Foundation , we 're positioning OpenBlock as part of a multi-platform experience that local businesses can sponsor . Sponsorships will give a company permanent placement not just within certain data categories in OpenBlock , but also next to explanatory trend stories in the printed paper and at annual events about economic development , community health , education and public safety . This multi-platform approach is perfect for increasing engagement among a relatively small but incredibly loyal audience of rural newspapers .
The common realization that comes out of all the OpenBlock efforts so far is that the costs of launching the application remain high . The Tribune spent about $ 90,000 . We 've spent about the same … so far . The Tribune had to hire a computer science student to focus almost solely on the project all last summer . We 've had to hire Django programmers at $ 135/hour .
Waters said that right now a newsroom that wants to launch an application like OpenBlock needs a Linux administrator , a Web designer and a Python programmer . But the biggest cost ? Prying current and complete public data out of state and local governments .
“ That 's not a technical issue , ” Waters said . “ That 's an issue that newsrooms need to tackle . ”
In other words , you ca n't outsource the very local job of helping your community understand how government decisions affect their lives every day .
Sometime in the next few months , The Tribune will open-source the improvements it 's been quietly and privately making to OpenBlock . The Tribune and I will work together to make sure their improvements and ours merge into a much stronger core . So the good news is that by the end of the year , the OpenBlock project is likely to see some new energy .
Diverse Uses Spawn Innovation
That 's good , because it needs broader use to unleash a lot of potential UI and financial creativity around location-based news . The Tribune , for example , has found a way to use OpenBlock to automatically generate print crime briefs on which a news clerk used to spend an hour a day retyping . If more civic hacking projects and news organizations and classrooms start using OpenBlock , innovations like that will come faster .
The Tribune has also moved away from thinking of proximity as the only important news value . It tweaked OpenBlock so that visitors can click on an arrestee 's name and see when and where else people with the same name have been arrested . The Tribune 's site relies on mug shots to help readers differentiate between multiple arrestees with the same name .
The OpenBlock Rural project here in North Carolina has developed improved coverage of geocoding and displaying events in unincorporated areas . That 's our personal itch , but The Tribune and others will soon be able to take advantage of our scratch .
We 've also made it easier for editors to see when and why events that they expect to see on their OpenBlock sites may not be appearing , and we 've made it easier for editors to correct common errors like misspelled roads .
There 's a lot more that can be done with location-based and data-driven news and information — both online and in print . And the best way to make it happen is to hop on to the OpenBlock discussion group and share the itch you want scratched in your community . We 're ready to help .
Correction : An earlier version of this story miscalculated The Tribune 's print circulation . The company reaches nearly 80 percent of the 130,000 adults in its market .
Ryan Thornburg researches and teaches online news writing , editing , producing and reporting as an assistant professor in the School of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . They have helped news organizations on four continents develop digital editorial products and use new media to hold powerful people accountable , shine light in dark places and explain a complex world . Previously , Thornburg was managing editor of USNews.com , managing editor for Congressional Quarterly 's website and national/international editor for washingtonpost.com . They have a master 's degree from George Washington University 's Graduate School of Political Management and a bachelor 's from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Is Your Financial Situation Limiting Your Family 's Size ?
I 'm satisfied with my family size . I only have one child , and , to tell the truth , I 've never really been that interested in having a big family . I think I could handle maybe one or two more , but having several children has never been my ideal . That being said , my satisfaction with one child puts me in the minority — at least according to a recent study from the Pew Research Center .
The organization compiled research on ideal family size versus actual family size , and they found that many Americans wish they had slightly larger families . According to the study , 52 percent of women in the United States said two children is ideal , while 44 percent thought the magic number was three .
To put this in perspective , 40 percent of American women reaching the end of their childbearing years said they do n't have as many children as they would like .
What 's causing us to limit our family sizes ?
The Financial Cost of Kids
The Pew study found that there appears to be a correlation between economic well-being and birthrate . Overall , when times are good , the birthrate is higher , whereas it drops during difficult times . This might be due to the fact that raising a child can be expensive . While many of us can get away with raising a child from birth to age 17 without spending $ 200,000 ( like the government says it costs ) , it is still an expensive endeavor .
If you feel like you ca n't afford them , you might limit the number of kids you have to save money — and you might not reach your ideal number . Additionally , the research points out that many women are starting later , which limits the number of children they can have . Some of them wait because they 're trying to establish careers , or because they feel like they need two paychecks in order to make ends meet .
The Career Cost of Kids
Those that do have children might be limiting the number they have for career reasons , as well . Consider this : If you think you need two paychecks to meet your expenses , it 's hard to ask someone to give up work for weeks , or months , on end . Your finances might not be able to handle it .
If you have more children , there 's the obvious higher costs — but there 's also the fact that someone will need to spend less time on an outside career and more time in the home .
That can be a daunting financial and career reality for many , and one of the reasons that parents are actively limiting family size .
How Do You Make It Work ?
Of course , there are plenty of stories of how to raise a large family on a tight budget . There 's a family in my neighborhood with seven children , and several families in my neighborhood have at least four . They succeed because they prioritize their spending , and live frugally on one income , or with the primary caregiver working part-time or earning from small at-home business ventures .
It 's up to you to decide what size of family you want — and how you 'll make it work financially .
What 's your ideal family size ? How do you make it work ?
What ever happened to the WWE Martial Arts Championship ? What about the WCW Six-Man Tag Team Titles ? WWE.com cracks open the files on cold cases involving championships that were established , defended and suddenly vanished without a trace .
Investigate our list of seven of the most notorious cases and see if you can piece together the clues to solve the strange cases of the missing titles .
See photos of the missing titles | Watch matches involving the titles
WCW World Six-Man Tag Team Championship
In the 1970s through the 1980s , six-man tag team competition was so common in NWA that there was an entire division devoted to it , as well as a title to crown the organization 's best trio of wrestlers . The Six-Man Tag Team Titles were held by threesomes such as Ivan Koloff and The Powers of Pain and The Road Warriors and Dusty Rhodes before being retired in 1989 . In 1991 , WCW christened their own version of the Six-Man Tag Team Championship with Junkyard Dog , Ricky Morton and Tommy Rich being crowned as the first champions .
Throughout 1991 , triads such as The Fabulous Freebirds and Big Josh , Dustin Rhodes and Tom Zenk would hold the titles ( WATCH ) before Morton and Rich recaptured them with Terry Taylor as part of The York Foundation . One month after The York Foundation won the championship , the titles vanished and were never seen or heard of again . Six-Man tag team competition has never gone by the wayside , so where did the titles go ? After a long history in NWA , why did the Six-Man Championships last less than a year in WCW ?
WWE World Martial Arts Heavyweight Championship
When Japanese wrestling legend Antonio Inoki joined the WWE in 1978 , the WWE Hall of Famer was presented with the World Martial Arts Heavyweight Championship . Inoki was known to battle opponents of all combat sports and even faced the great Muhammad Ali in 1976 . This newly created title was contested only in matchups that resembled modern-day Mixed Martial Arts bouts and gave Inoki the opportunity to display their versatile skills . ( WATCH )
Although the Martial Arts Title was given to Inoki at Madison Square Garden , it was mostly defended in Japan in conjunction with New Japan Pro Wrestling . After WWE 's affiliation with NJPW ended in 1985 , the title never returned to America . Eleven years after the title 's inception , Inoki lost the championship for the first time in a Tokyo bout against Shota Chochishvili , a judo master from the nation of Georgia . Chochishvili had won a gold medal for the Soviet Union in the 1972 Olympic Games , but despite their pedigree , they lost the title back to Inoki in Osaka only one month later . The Martial Arts Championship was never seen or defended again , and Inoki was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2010 . Conspicuously missing from Inoki 's induction was the lost Martial Arts Title . Did they misplace it somewhere in Osaka ?
WCW Women 's Championship
In 1996 , WWE Women 's Champion Madusa ( Alundra Blayze ) appeared on WCW Monday Nitro and controversially dropped their WWE Women 's Title into a trash can . This sparked a revival of WCW 's women 's division that would result in the creation of the Atlanta-based organization 's own Women 's Championship . At the end of a monthlong eight-woman tournament to decide the champion , Japanese star Akira Hokuto defeated Madusa at Starrcade 1996 to claim the title . ( WATCH )
The ladies clashed throughout the first half of 1997 before squaring off in a Title vs. Career Match at The Great American Bash . Hokuto was victorious , retaining the title and forcing Madusa into retirement . However , following the event , Hokuto left WCW and returned to Japan , taking the title with them The championship would never be seen on WCW programming again , but Hokuto defended it in Japan , losing to Devil Masami . Since then , the trail has gone cold , the last known whereabouts of the WCW Title is currently Kawasaki , Japan .
NWA/WCW Western States Heritage Championship
Few know the bizarre and unique history of the short-lived Western States Heritage Championship , which was sanctioned by NWA and defended in WCW . The first champion , Barry Windham , defeated Black Bart in the finals of a tournament in Bill Watts ' Universal Wrestling Federation in 1987 , but the title was defended in Jim Crockett Promotions thereafter .
In 1987 , The Great American Bash was spread out over the course of three events throughout month of July . Barry Windham successfully defended the Western States Heritage Championship at each of the Bash events , defeating Rick Steiner , Big Bubba Rogers and Incubus .
The championship 's most well-known appearance was Barry Windham 's defense against Larry Zbyszko inside Long Island 's Nassau Coliseum at Bunkhouse Stampede 1988 . The devious Zbyszko won the title thanks to their associate , Baby Doll . However , Zbyszko parted ways with the NWA one year later in favor of AWA , and the Western States Heritage Championship allegedly went with him . ( WATCH )
Rumor has it that when NWA/WCW Champion Ric Flair joined WWE in 1991 , the Western States Heritage Championship made a brief appearance at Great American Bash 1991 temporarily representing the WCW Championship . However , this theory has since been disproven , and Larry Zbyszko is supposedly still in possession of the title . Well , as far as we know .
WWE Women 's Tag Team Championship
To capitalize on the success of the blossoming Divas division during the “ Rock ‘ n ' Wrestling Connection ” era of the 1980s ( FULL STORY ) , WWE created the WWE Women 's Tag Team Championship . Reigning NWA Women 's Tag Team Champions Velvet McIntyre and Princess Victoria joined WWE in 1983 , and because of their status as NWA champions , they were recognized as the first WWE Women 's Tag Champions . When Princess Victoria suffered a career ending neck injury , they were replaced as McIntyre 's partner by Desiree Petersen , who had been trained by WWE Hall of Famer The Fabulous Moolah .
In 1985 , Peterson and McIntyre lost the titles to the most well-known tandem to hold these championships – The Glamour Girls of Leilani Kai and Judy Martin . The pair held the championships for several years before losing them to The Jumping Bomb Angels – Noriyo Tateno and Itsuki Yamazaki . This bout occurred at the first-ever Royal Rumble event in 1988 , and the Women 's Tag Team Championship had arguably never been contested under brighter lights . ( WATCH ) The Glamour Girls won back the titles later that year in Japan , but the championship then vanished , never to be revived .
WCW World Television Championship
Ricky Steamboat , Arn Anderson , Roddy Piper , Steve Austin , Booker T – these are just a handful of the competitors who have held the WCW Television Title . Considering the number of legends , WWE Hall of Famers and World Champions who had TV Title reigns , the importance and prestige of this championship can not be understated . Tracing its lineage to the NWA Mid-Atlantic Television Championship , the TV Title became a staple of WCW programming throughout the 1990s . ( WATCH ) In 1999 , Scott Hall won the title at WCW Mayhem when reigning TV Champion Rick Steiner was too injured to compete . One week later , Hall claimed to not understand the point of the TV Title and Kevin Nash subsequently threw it in the trash .
However , the title 's unceremonious dumpster dive would not be its end . On an episode of WCW Thunder in February 2000 , `` Hacksaw '' Jim Duggan found the Television Championship in a dumpster , claiming it for himself . The WWE Hall of Famer would proudly defend their prize over the next two months , but the title would soon meet yet another abrupt end .
On April 10 , 2000 , in Denver , Eric Bischoff and Vince Russo `` rebooted '' WCW , vacating every title in the process . The WCW World , United States , Tag Team and Cruiserweight Titles were all up for grabs , but noticeably missing from WCW 's new direction was the prestigious Television Championship . The title once held by some of the most popular and talented competitors seemingly vanished into thin air . Was it left in Colorado on that bizarre Monday evening over a decade ago ?
WCW/WWE Cruiserweight Championship
During WCW 's heyday , there were no competitors in sports-entertainment more exciting than the Cruiserweights . Luchadores such as Juventud Guerrera , Rey Mysterio and Psicosis joined Japanese wrestlers like Jushin `` Thunder '' Liger and future World Champions , namely Chris Jericho , in the hunt for the prestigious Cruiserweight Championship . ( WATCH ) When WWE acquired WCW in 2001 , the championship made its way to WWE , eventually replacing the WWE Light Heavyweight Championship . The title would be exclusive to SmackDown until 2007 .
At The Great American Bash that year , Hornswoggle defeated six-time Cruiserweight Champion Chavo Guerrero for the title . But a few months later , SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero stripped 'Swoggle of the title out of concern for their safety .
The historic and prestigious Cruiserweight Championship has not been seen since . Considering former WWE Champions Chris Jericho , Eddie Guerrero , Rey Mysterio and legends such as Dean Malenko and Lance Storm all held the title , it 's one of WWE 's greatest unsolved championship mysteries . Does Vickie Guerrero still have it ? Did it suffer the same mysterious fate as the WCW Television Title ?
IT work can be stressful , which has always been true . But a new survey says the stress level in IT may be rising . But why ?
Are IT managers demanding more ? Are users increasingly impatient ? Are IT workers expecting a better work-life balance and is that need a generational thing ?
The increased stress level of IT work is based on four years of data from GFI Software , which commissioned an independent survey on this topic .
[ Find your 2017 salary info and our detailed report at IT Salary Watch ]
The survey , which started in 2012 , just released its 2015 report , and found that of 78 % of the IT workers surveyed consider their job stressful . That 's up just 1 % from 2014 , but in 2013 the figure was 57 % and in 2012 , 67 % .
`` Everybody gets a work-life balance except for the poor IT guy , '' said Sergio Galindo , general manager at GFI Software , which makes network security and messaging software , about the survey . The survey was conducted independently by Opinion Matters .
Some of the causes of workplace stress may be attributed to quantifiable conditions , in particular uncompensated overtime . Of the more than 200 IT professionals surveyed at firms of at least 10 or more people , nearly half said they worked up to eight unpaid hours per week , which was nearly equal to last year 's finding as well . The survey did not include the ages of the participants .
The consequences of stress are many . Nearly half of the respondents reported `` missed social functions due to overrunning issues and tight deadlines . '' Another 40 % said they missed time with children , and an equal percentage reported lost sleep . Nearly 30 % said they suffered from stress-related illnesses . IT work has long been associated with stress , the result of calls in the middle of the night , aggressive deadlines , angry users , mundane tasks and unexpected problems . One study found that the more stress a programmer deals with , the lower the quality of the code .
But some wonder whether there are generational dynamics at work that contributed to the survey 's findings .
Millennials , those ages 18 to 34 , are now firmly in the workforce . Generations have certain personalities , and a Pew Research Survey described this generation as the most educated in U.S. history , more likely to switch careers and to place parenthood and marriage above career and financial success .
Billie Blair , who holds a doctorate in organizational psychology and heads Change Strategist , a Los Angeles-based management consulting firm , questions whether the survey 's findings reflect the attitudes of Millennials who `` do n't handle stress well nor do they tolerate the mundane well . ''
The reason Millennials may be less able to handle stress is that they interact with others in person far less than other generations do , since most of their social interactions have been through Internet-based , arms-length contact , Blair said . This generation has also been protected from many real-life situations by their parents , `` so the workplace tends to be more stressful for them than for others . ''
Another possibility is that the end-user Millennials are increasing the stress levels for IT workers .
Users are increasingly sophisticated about technology , which is `` especially true of Millennials , '' said Mitch Ellis , managing director of executive search firm Sanford Rose Associates in St. Louis . `` They may not know how to develop and configure applications , but they are expert users and embrace rather than fear technology , '' they said .
Millennials `` are no longer in awe of technology specialists and therefore demand higher service levels , '' Ellis said .
Ellis does n't see clear evidence that stress in the IT workforce is reaching a crisis . The firm recruits CIOs and vice presidents in IT , so their view included that caveat .
But among those in leadership , there 's been a demand for higher service levels and for IT leaders who can contribute to corporate strategy . `` This cascades through the IT function and requires the entire IT team to become more sensitive to the demand of end users , '' they said .
Joe Silverman , who owns the New York City-based repair and IT services firm Computer Help in Manhattan , said their company has noticed that older techs , those ages 33 and up , are `` definitely able to handle stress better than folks coming out of college . '' Many of their workers are older and have been with the company for 10 years or more .
`` As a younger worker , we were more stressed on gaining approval from management , peers , and customers along with paving our own identities , '' Silverman said . `` Once we knew our roles , we have been at peace with what we do and with any challenges that present stress to us , '' they said .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Northumbrian computer engineer who helped create the laptop has died aged 75 .
John Ellenby founded Grid Systems in the late 1970s and was part of a team which made the Compass - a clamshell style computer released in 1982 which is widely considered to be the first laptop .
According to the New York Times , the Compass retailed at US $ 8,150 , or $ 20,325 at today 's prices , and was largely bought by American Government agencies , including NASA .
A Compass laptop was on board the ill-fated Challenger space shuttle , which broke apart seconds after launching from Cape Canaveral in 1986 . The crew all died , but the laptop was recovered from the debris and still worked .
John was born in Corbridge , Northumberland , on January 9 , 1941 . The son of a zoologist and biologist , they moved to London to study economics and geography at University College London , and later enrolled at London School of Economics , where they came into contact with computers .
After working for the Ferranti computer firm , they lectured at the University of Edinburgh , before moving to Palo Alto , near San Francisco in California 's Silicon Valley , to work for Xerox Corp .
They died in San Francisco on August 17 , their son Thomas said .
An obituary in the New York Times reads : “ At the time , Xerox was designing a desktop computer , known as the Alto , which would become an inspiration for the Apple Lisa and Macintosh , and for Microsoft Windows .
“ Inside Xerox , the Alto was known as an “ interim Dynabook , ” a reference to the prototype for a portable machine envisaged by the Xerox computer scientist Alan Kay . ”
John left to found Grid in 1979 , before launching the Compass three years later .
The size of the portable computer was a game-changer , as it was much slicker than it 's clunky sewing machine sized rivals .
According to the New York Times , they and their colleagues ' invention surprised competitors .
The New York Times ' obituary says : “ One was Adam Osborne , the developer of the Osborne 1 , an early portable computer – a “ luggable ” in industry parlance – about the size of a sewing machine .
“ Appearing with Mr Ellenby on an industry panel , Osborne was startled to realise that the device sitting flat on a table nearby was , when it was opened , a portable computer . ”
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Costa Concordia has been pulled upright in a major salvage operation off the coast of Italy
The captain of the Costa Concordia has blamed their Indonesian helmsman for the accident which caused the ship to sink off the coast of Italy last year .
Francesco Schettino told a court the helmsman failed to obey orders to slow down and steered the ship onto rocks .
Thirty-two people died when the cruise ship capsized in January 2012 .
Mr Schettino is charged with manslaughter , causing the shipwreck and abandoning ship , but says they are being made a scapegoat for others ' errors .
Last week the 290m-long vessel was raised upright in a major salvage operation off the coast of Giglio island .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption This time-lapse footage shows the operation to right the Costa Concordia
The captain said there would have been no crash if the helmsman , who has already been convicted in a separate manslaughter trial , had heeded an order to steer away from rocks .
`` If it were n't for the helmsman 's error , to not position the tiller to the left ... the swerve ( toward the reef ) and the collision would n't have happened , '' Mr Schettino said .
Mr Schettino claimed that if the helmsman had quickly executed the correct manoeuvre , the Concordia would have steered away from the jagged reef that sliced a 70m gash in the ship 's hull .
Investigators have said previously language problems between the captain and the helmsman might have played a role in crash .
But one maritime expert told the trial , which is expected to last several weeks , that the helmsman 's mistake and slow reaction were not crucial factors .
`` The helmsman was 13 seconds late in executing the manoeuvre , but the crash would have happened anyway , '' Italian naval Admiral Giuseppe Cavo Dragone said .
Mr Schettino is the sole defendant in the trial , which has resumed after a summer recess . If convicted they face up to 20 years in prison .
At the time of the crash , the ship had deviated from its pre-established course because Mr Schettino wanted to impress passengers with a close-up view of the island .
Mr Schettino 's defence team wants experts to enter the ship to determine why safety equipment - including water pumps , an emergency generator and water-tight doors - failed to function .
`` The power generator , as are the other devices , are fundamental to understanding what happened that night , '' Schettino 's lawyer , Francesco Pepe , said outside court . `` We want to understand why they did n't work . ''
Concordia 's dead and missing Dead : 12 Germans ; six Italians ( including Dayana Arlotti , 5 , and their father William Arlotti ) ; six French people ; two Peruvians ; two Americans ( Barbara and Gerald Heil , passengers ) ; one Hungarian ( Sandor Feher , crew ) ; one Spaniard ( Guillermo Gual , passenger )
12 Germans ; six Italians ( including Dayana Arlotti , 5 , and their father William Arlotti ) ; six French people ; two Peruvians ; two Americans ( Barbara and Gerald Heil , passengers ) ; one Hungarian ( Sandor Feher , crew ) ; one Spaniard ( Guillermo Gual , passenger ) Missing : one Italian ( Maria Grazia Trecarichi , passenger ) ; one Indian ( Russel Rebello , crew )
The defence team wants the responsibility for the tragedy to be placed not just on Mr Schettino but on other employees of Costa Crociere , the Concordia 's owners .
The helmsman , Jacob Rusli Bin , is one of five Costa Crociere employees who were granted plea bargains in return for mild sentences in a separate proceeding . They were given a sentence of one year and eight months .
`` It is unfair that we have only one defendant , '' said lawyer Michelina Suriano .
Engineers last week succeeded in righting the Concordia in an operation unprecedented in scale .
It is hoped that the bodies of two of the victims missing since the disaster will now be found .
Over the next few months the vessel will be assessed and repaired before being towed away and later destroyed .
FORT WORTH , Texas -- TCU coach Gary Patterson remains unhappy over what they think were bad calls in Saturday 's overtime loss to rival SMU . But that 's not all that has them really angry .
On Tuesday the Iron Skillet rivalry got some extra sizzle when Patterson said they are ending whatever civil relationship the two programs share after they felt disrespected by postgame comments from SMU coach June Jones and a Mustangs player .
Patterson , 9-2 against SMU as head coach , said they took note of a Jones comment saying that TCU has n't changed much over the years , which Patterson seemed to interpret to mean their team is easy to game plan for . Patterson also took exception to wide receiver Darius Johnson saying , `` I do n't like these TCU people . ''
Patterson began a rant on SMU by noting Jones has won one game against Patterson 's Frogs during their time at SMU , and prior to that , at Hawaii .
`` He has n't changed much either , so if we want to get into those kinds of matches . But , I do n't go there , '' Patterson said . `` All we 've ever tried to do here at TCU is help SMU . At some point in time we were going to get beat by them , so we got beat by them . We 've helped them , let them come over and talked to them about how we do things academically , how we do things at the stadium , how we do everything to try to make their program better and their way of thanking us for that is to cut us down . ''
TCU fell out of the national polls for the first time in three years with the loss and SMU actually moved ahead of the Frogs by receiving votes in The Associated Press and USA Today coaches poll .
On Sunday night , it was reported that the Big East Conference has added SMU as a potential target for expansion . TCU will join the league in 2012 .
`` SMU has had a lot of help from us over the last three or four years to improve their program , '' Patterson said . `` I do n't appreciate being treated the way it is ; that 's how we got reciprocated . We 're going to go on about our business , but they 're not going to get the same help anymore -- not about a ballgame , not about conferences , not about anybody . They 're getting no help from Gary Patterson , period .
`` They should n't ask me at SMU about going into a conference , they should n't ask me about how they play , they should n't ask me about their players , they should n't ask me about anything because they 're not getting any help , period , any more . Because we 've bent over backwards to make sure that they can improve their program because I believe that 's what you do . ''
Patterson then added further fuel to their fire .
`` To be honest with you , SMU people have been looking down at TCU for a long time over here , '' they said . `` So , us winning and doing things , the older group of alumni around here have a certain feeling about SMU . I did n't have that feeling , but I 'm getting it . ''
As for the officiating , immediately after the 40-33 loss , Patterson chose not to criticize their work , but they did make it known that it was a crew from SMU 's Conference USA .
On Tuesday , Patterson said TCU athletic director Chris Del Conte told them that C-USA commissioner Britton Banowsky called him , acknowledged that the game was poorly officiated and that they would make a public statement .
When one never came from the C-USA offices , Patterson said it was their job to make their thoughts public . A C-USA spokesperson said the league has reviewed the game , shared its report with Mountain West Conference officials and would make take no further action .
`` The key to it is I 'd be quiet about it if I thought the people in charge of the officiating group came out and said it was n't very good . But , they did n't , '' Patterson said . `` I have a hard time with people that do n't admit they made mistakes . I 've got to do it all the time . When you 're just going to be quiet about it and you think it 's just all going to go away , it 's not going to go away .
Most egregious of the calls , Patterson said , was a pass interference call on the first play of the game that negated an interception by TCU cornerback Jason Verrett and resulted in an SMU touchdown .
On SMU 's next possession , Patterson said the crew missed an obvious motion penalty . The Mustangs then scored on a 71-yard pass play for a 14-0 lead .
`` I got their names , '' Patterson said of the officiating crew . `` They wo n't come back in this stadium ever again . ''
Jeff Caplan is a reporter and columnist for ESPNDallas.com .
Herb Titus , the Christian Reconstructionist , “ biblical birther ” and longtime brother-in-arms of Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore , is urging conservative Christian public officials to deny marriage licenses to gay couples in defiance of the Supreme Court 's recent ruling , rather than simply resign from their positions and abandon “ civil society to the heathen and to the Enemy . ”
Titus told Alaska GOP politician Joe Miller in a radio interview posted online over the weekend that thanks to a Supreme Court majority that embraces a “ postmodern worldview , ” Americans are adrift at sea .
“ Instead of writing law , they write poetry , they write philosophy , they write sociology and psychology , ” they said of the Supreme Court justices . “ We no longer have any fixed principled by which to measure what is right and wrong , what is constitutional , what 's not constitutional . We 're basically at sea in a ship which is manned by nine people , and you do n't have much to say about anything anymore because they 're in control of the ship and the storm are out to sea and you ca n't get off the ship . ”
When Miller asked if there is now a “ confrontation ” between this postmodern worldview and people who believe in “ immutable , natural law , ” Titus agreed , saying , “ It 's a very small minority of people who have any sense whatsoever of the law of Nature and of Nature 's God , that is the law as revealed by God in Nature and in the Holy Scriptures . ”
They blasted public officials who are implementing marriage equality laws or resigning from their posts rather than follow the law , saying that those officials should instead say , “ I 'm going to stay in this job and I 'm not going to issue marriage licenses and if you come after me , you can come after me . I 'm going to take a stand . ”
Christians , they lamented , have “ abandoned civil society to the heathen and to the Enemy ” and will soon be “ thrown in jail ” and otherwise “ persecuted ” because of it .
Later in the interview , Titus warned that if conservative Christians give up on trying to shape government to biblical specifications , they will end up like the Amish , with special protections for their religion but “ no influence in the greater society ”
“ God did n't call us to just be in a closed-off , religious community , God called us to exercise dominion , ” they said .
They repeated that public officials who disagree with marriage equality should defy the law and “ make people remove us from office , if that 's what it 's going to take you , ‘ you can remove me , but I 'm not going to just ask you to give me a special privilege , or resign and will no longer function in a civil capacity . ' What that does , I think , are basically sounds the bugle of retreat . ”
Rooted in the the early 1960s `` Beat Generation , '' hippies were about freedom — of expression , of living and , of course , of love .
When it came to style , this meant individuality and customization over mass production : long hair for men , little makeup for women , bras optional . By 1967 , a raft of publications and handbooks explained exactly how to dress like a hippie . Ruth Bronsteen 's `` The Hippy 's Handbook '' even included graphics on how to rock the look .
But in 1969 , the year of these photographs , hippie fashion was evolving from counter culture to , well , culture . And young people were informing the change . Most of the students you see here are wearing off-the-shelf fashions — still recognizably hippie , but more homogenized .
Being a hippy was safe , but somehow not as free .
Joanne Schnurr , CTV Ottawa
There was an uninvited guest to a 3-year-old 's birthday party Saturday afternoon in the south end of Ottawa . It was a black bear and you will never believe how they made their entrance . The bear was sighted outside several homes in Manotick over the weekend on Maplehill Way , then Barnsdale . For Natalia Maddison , it will be a birthday party that they never forgets ; the day the little black bear crashed them party .
‘ Maybe they were under the trampoline , I do n't know where they goed , ' says little Natalia distractedly , as they play on the swing . When you 're this age , a black bear sighting is no big deal .
‘ Mom , keep pushing me , ' they urge their mother Anna Maddison . From Anna 's perspective , and their neighbour 's across the street , though , the bear sighting is pretty crazy .
‘ We 've been here since 1971 , says neighbor Andy Bond , ‘ this is the first bear we 've seen here . '
It may be the first bear in the area but not its first appearance Sunday . It literally `` dropped in '' unexpectedly at Natalia 's birthday party on Saturday . The adults were cooking up food on the barbecue . The kids were on an inflatable slide when a tree suddenly started falling .
‘ The tree came down and grazed the big inflatable slide we had here , ' says Anna , as they point to a 15 ' foot tree lying on the ground , ‘ and I made a joke , “ is there a bear back there or something ? ” '
A few minutes later , the guests spotted the bear running around the front yard . The party ended inside the house . But the next day , the bear was back , under the trampoline . Natalia was the one who spotted him .
‘ I saw a bear , they went in the bushes , you could n't see him , ' they say .
Andy Bond sure saw them and shot some video of them devouring their bird seed . They estimate the bear was about 2 years old .
‘ After a couple minutes , it came back again , grabbed the feeder , made off with all the suet , ' says Bond . ‘ It was n't scared at all . '
Bear sightings are up across the province this spring , according to the OPP . Jackie Sisson sent video to CTV Ottawa of a bear they spied in Stonebridge yesterday and today near Rustwood Private . And Darren Curry snapped a photo of a bear in their front yard near the river and the Rideau Valley Conservation Authority .
Sgt . Peter Leon with the Ontario Provincial Police says an unusual spring is contributing to all the bear sightings , ‘ There really has been no consistent warm weather which has n't allowed berries to grow which bears eat upon coming out of hibernation , so the bears are desperate , ' they say .
Desperate bears sometimes require desperate measures . Police in Newmarket killed a bear Sunday , in the backyard of a home in York . The bear had scrambled up a tree and was enclosed in the backyard . Police , concerned for the public 's safety , decided to shoot the animal .
Anna Maddison is now worried about Natalia 's safety , fearing the bear will be back . She 'll be guarding their kids like a mama bear .
‘ It 's okay maybe once to see a bear come through your yard but I hope we do n't see it again , ' they say .
Sgt . Leon says there are ways to ensure that . They recommend people in areas prone to bear put away their bird feeders and ensure their barbecues are free of any grease . Otherwise , they say , people may be surprised by an unexpected bear visit at their home .
OPP have sent out this fact sheet to media :
Ontario and the Ontario Provincial Police ( OPP ) are reminding people to take simple precautions this spring to prevent attracting black bears as they come out of hibernation .
The potential for human-bear conflict increases when there is little natural food available for bears . If this happens , black bears will search for other food sources , such as garbage and bird feed , which can draw bears to populated areas .
Follow these simple instructions to minimize the chances of attracting bears :
§ Store garbage in waste containers with tight-fitting lids .
§ Put out garbage only on the morning of pickup .
§ Put away bird feeders . Seed , suet and nectar also attract bears .
§ Pick fruits and berries as they ripen — do n't let them rot on the ground .
§ Clean outdoor barbecue grills after each use , including the grease trap underneath . Bears will be drawn by smells from great distances , including grease and food residue on grills .
§ Keep dogs on leash ; sometimes bears will follow off-leash dogs back to you .
Bears entering a populated area are only a danger if they pose an immediate threat to your personal safety or that of the general public .
QUOTES
“ By taking some simple steps everyone can help avoid human-bear conflicts . These steps will help to make your home , neighbourhood , business or schoolyard less attractive to bears . ”
— Bill Mauro , Minister of Natural Resources and Forestry
“ I urge Ontarians to take simple precautions and reduce their interactions with bears . If a bear becomes an immediate threat to public safety , OPP officers will respond in our jurisdiction to protect citizens with the assistance of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry . ”
— Vince Hawkes , Commissioner , Ontario Provincial Police
QUICK FACT
§ Since 2004 , Ontario 's Bear Wise program has been educating people about bears , how to avoid attracting bears and how to prevent human-bear conflicts .
§ The Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry and OPP have agreed on the roles and responsibilities for both organizations to help the public understand which organization to contact when they encounter a bear .
§ If a bear is posing an immediate threat to public safety by exhibiting threatening or aggressive behaviour , call 911 or your local police . At the request of police , during daylight hours the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry will respond to emergency situations to assist .
§ For non-emergencies , the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry operates the toll-free , 24/7 Bear Reporting Line ( 1-866-514-2327 ) and the Bear Wise website to provide the public with information and advice .
.
After announcing it would comply with a federal court order , the Obama administration has decided that it wants to conceal more portions of a controversial memo authorizing the assassination of Americans overseas .
Last week , officials with the U.S. Department of Justice said they would make public parts of the internal document written in July 2010 by then-federal lawyer David Barron that justified the use of drones or other means to kill U.S. citizens accused of terrorist involvement .
The declaration came as the U.S. Senate was considering Barron 's confirmation as a judicial appointee to the First Circuit Court of Appeals—a move that helped convince at least one Democratic senator , Mark Udall of Colorado , to support the nomination .
Now , with Barron 's place on the federal bench secure , the Justice Department says it needs to censor some sections of the memo dealing with national secrets , not legal reasoning for the assassinations .
“ Some of the information appears to have been ordered disclosed based on inadvertence or mistake , or is subject to distinct exemption claims or other legal protections that have never been judicially considered , ” Sarah Normand , an assistant U.S. attorney , told The New York Times .
The 41-page memo led the way for a drone strike in Yemen three years ago that killed Anwar al-Awlaki , a U.S.-born cleric suspected of plotting terrorist attacks .
The judicial order calling for the document 's partial disclosure came in response to a lawsuit filed by the Times and the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) seeking to obtain a copy .
In seeking to keep additional redactions to the memo , the Justice Department asked the court to keep its request a secret—that next month 's hearing concerning the requested redactions be held privately , barring the presence of attorneys for the Times and the ACLU . But the judge denied that request .
Sen. Udall found it significant that the Obama administration gave its assurance that Barron 's legal reasoning for the drone assassinations would not be among the redacted portions of the memo .
“ I intend to hold the White House to its word , ” they said in a statement .
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More :
U.S. Seeks to Censor More of Memo That Approved Drone Strike on American ( by Charlie Savage , New York Times )
Feds Want to Censor More of the Drone Memo ( by Adam Klasfeld , Courthouse News Service )
New York Times Company , et al v. United States Department of Justice , et al ( U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ) ( pdf )
Senate Gives Initial Judicial Confirmation to Legal Author of Secret Memos Authorizing Drone Assassinations of U.S. Citizens ( by Noel Brinkerhoff , AllGov )
Federal Judges Order Obama Administration to Release Memo Justifying Assassination of Americans ( by Noel Brinkerhoff , AllGov )
Advanced talks were underway earlier this spring to convert JFK Airport 's vacant TWA Flight Center into a hotel , and now the project appears to be happening , according to Curbed . A 505-key hotel is expected , which will be accompanied by 40,000 square feet of meeting space , six to eight dining options , an observation deck , and a museum .
MCR Development , along with Jet Blue and the Port Authority , are developing , and two new-construction hotel buildings will be built adjacent to the landmarked portion . Plans must first be approved by the LPC , but construction is expected to begin next year for a 2018 completion .
Subscribe to the YIMBY email newsletter and receive the latest new development news in your inbox .
Follow the YIMBYgram for real-time photo updates
Follow YIMBY 's Twitter for the latest in YIMBYnews
Colin Davis conducts leading soloists , the London Symphony Orchestra and Chorus , and the London Philharmonic Choir in Beethoven 's monumental Missa Solemnis .
BBC PROMS 2011
Live from the Royal Albert Hall , London
Presented by Andrew McGregor
In the last of this season 's Choral Sundays , Sir Colin Davis tackles the largest and longest of Beethoven 's non-stage works , the Missa Solemnis . This monumental work seems to skirt the boundaries of whether it is music made for the concert hall or the church . `` My chief aim was to awaken and permanently instill religious feelings not only into the singers but also into the listeners , '' Beethoven themselves wrote of the work .
The London Symphony Orchestra and Chorus , and London Philharmonic Choir lead the huge forces in what Beethoven considered to be their supreme achievement in music .
The quartet of soloists , made up of soprano Helena Juntunen , mezzo Sarah Connolly , tenor Paul Groves , and bass Matthew Rose , have demanding roles in this work , where the orchestra , chorus , and quartet each take on changing and challenging musical roles .
Beethoven : Missa Solemnis
Helena Juntunen ( soprano )
Sarah Connolly ( mezzo-soprano )
Paul Groves ( tenor )
Matthew Rose ( bass )
London Philharmonic Choir
London Symphony Chorus
London Symphony Orchestra
Sir Colin Davis ( conductor )
This prom will be repeated on Tuesday 6 September at 2.30pm .
The struggling retailer J.C. Penney Company , Inc. ( NYSE : JCP ) remains in the limelight even after Ron Johnson 's ouster , but almost never for good reasons . However , today the company ( as well as Bill Ackman ) received some good news . Legendary ( and still alive ) investor George Soros has filed a 13G showing a 7.9 percent stake in J.C. Penney Company , Inc. ( NYSE : JCP ) . The fact that Soros filed a 13G and not a 13D indicates that this is a passive stake
Shares of the company are up over six percent in after hours trading on news of the purchase . According to Reuters data the stake would make George Soros the fourth largest shareholder of the retailer . With a stake of over 17 million shares and the stock trading at $ 16.40 a share , George Soros owns about $ 300 million of the equity .
Credit Suisse is out with a new report on the company ( which was released before the Soros news ) which we detail below :
Since last year , one of the most frequently asked questions among the retail investment fraternity has been “ where did all of J.C. Penney 's sales go ? ” The question intrigued investors and analysts alike . But Credit Suisse Group AG ( NYSE : CS ) has finally found the answer .
Credit Suisse Group AG ( NYSE : CS ) said in its latest research report that the lost sales did n't go to Kohl 's Corporation ( NYSE : KSS ) . which is the main competitor of J.C. Penney Company , Inc. ( NYSE : JCP ) . Credit Suisse analyst Michael Exstein believes that overlap with Macy 's , Inc. ( NYSE : M ) is also much lower than most people thought . Earlier in March , Ex-CEO Ron Johnson said that only about 40 percent of J.C. Penney customers overlapped with Macy 's , and most of them were low income group customers of Macy 's . Even Macy 's stated that though its sales had a positive impact due to J.C. Penney 's woes , it was n't substantial .
Walmart Was The Dark Horse
The world 's largest retailer has been focusing on its grocery business for decades . Michael Exstein said that the percentage of sales from grocery business witnessed an increase every year since its inception in April 1998 , until 2012 which was the year of J.C. Penney Company , Inc. ( NYSE : JCP ) . A large portion of growth in the grocery business would come at the expense of department store categories like home and apparel . But that trend changed in 2012 , notes Credit Suisse Group AG ( NYSE : CS ) .
Analysts found that for the first time since 1998 , the grocery business of Wal-Mart Stores , Inc. ( NYSE : WMT ) did n't grow as a percentage of sales in 2012 . It remained at 55 percent in 2011 and 2012 . By contrast , Wal-Mart 's apparel category same-store sales increased for the first time since 2005 . And home category was the only U.S. business division of Walmart to grow as a percentage of sales in 2012 .
The Credit Suisse Group AG ( NYSE : CS ) analysts found two implications . One , J.C. Penney Company , Inc. ( NYSE : JCP ) customers are more of Wal-Mart Stores , Inc. ( NYSE : WMT ) customers than Macy 's Inc. ( NYSE : M ) customers , which the former J.C. Penney management failed to grasp . Walmart seems to have strengthened its foothold in the higher margin businesses . Analysts expect that the new J.C. Penney team will make an aggressive effort to recapture the lost market share . But if Walmart succeeds to hold onto its gains , it would help the retail giant going forward at the expense of J.C. Penney .
Additionally , analysts noted that Sears Domestic and off price retailers were among other beneficiaries of J.C. Penney Company , Inc. ( NYSE : JCP ) 's struggles . Sears Domestic posted six straight quarters of apparel same-store sales growth , but that may be partially due to the Kardashian Kollection .
J.C. Penney Company , Inc. ( NYSE : JCP ) shares were up 0.89 percent to $ 15.32 at 3:39 PM EDT .
An Ottawa-area father who raised two children on their own for eight years claims the Canada Revenue Agency stripped them of child tax benefits after they moved in with a common-law spouse .
Yannick Cloutier says Revenue Canada stripped them of child benefits after they moved in with their common-law spouse . ( ( CBC ) )
Yannick Cloutier said they received a letter from the federal agency recently advising them that the benefits would be transferred to their common-law spouse — two years after they moved in with him .
The agency ruled that under the so-called `` female presumption rule '' , the benefits must now go to their girlfriend , despite the fact they have no biological connection to Clouthier 's son and daughter , and did not raise them .
Their partner , Chantal Huot , was given 30 days to reply to the letter . If they failed to reply within the time limit , the benefits would be cancelled .
Cloutier said the rule is based on sexist assumptions about the family that have no connection to modern reality .
`` I do n't know why the government would think today now there 's a woman that my rights are gone , '' they said . `` I told them I did n't realize I called the 1950s . ''
Huot said they filed the necessary paperwork in time .
But both Cloutier and Huot said the rules must change to take present-day situations into account .
`` I think it 's wrong . I think the parent should be getting it whether you 're a woman or a man , '' Huot said .
`` Not everybody 's like me…Anybody could just go for it and say 'yeah I want the money ' . It 's not right . Nobody should get this letter . ''
Revenue Canada declined to be interviewed . However , it did say that this gender rule has gone before the courts and the Canadian Human Rights Commission in the past , and the policy upheld .
16 Amazing Vegan Clothing Stores Online
Leaves are getting more yellow and rain 's getting more frequent , you know what that means ? Soft pants and cozy warm sweaters indeed , and some serious shopping in the best vegan clothing stores .
September and October are always crucial months for our wardrobes , as Summer clothes are stuffed into boxes and stored away for the next warm sun .
For us , conscious bold women , cold weather can be a real challenge . Wool , leather , and fur show up on clothing shelves more than usual and we have to spend hours reading labels in search for the perfect synthetic cozy pullover .
Ehr , wait a minute . It 's 2015 and they invented the internet 20 years ago . Yay ! There a ton of cool vegan clothing stores online where you can shop without a worry . Thank the Internet for vegan clothing stores and carefree vegan shopping ! Ok , I 'm getting a little bit carried away now , but you 'll be excited too when you 'll get to the end of this post with all your new vegan clothing stores safely bookmarked for your Fall wardrobe revamp !
Best Vegan Online Clothing Stores
I have listed them by country so you can decide to check only the closest ones . You will save on shipping fees and reduce your carbon footprint by doing so . Win-win !
Vegan Clothing Stores US
Alternative Outfitters
Some of the brands carried by Alternative Outfitters : Matt and Nat , Shiraleah , RockFlowerPaper . Alternative Outfitters is overall very classy and it has a happy kind of style .
Grape Cat
Some brands you can find at Grape Cat : Vaute Couture , Matt and Nat , Gunas , Herbivore . All the cool vegan kids hang out at Grape Cat !
Lookie Lou
“ Dress Vegan . Dress Ethically . Dress Strikingly . Dress Sustainably . Dress Better. ” Well , that 's a handful Lookie Lou ! They carry brands like Big Buddha , Hoodlamb , Vaute Couture , Unreal Fur .
Vegan Clothing Stores in Los Angeles
Bead & Reel
Ok I might be a bit biased here as I think Sica Schmitz , Bead & Reel 's owner , is da bomb.com ! She 's a badass ladyboss who decided to pursue their dream and values with their online ethical boutique . She 's also a costume designer , which makes them twice as cool and relatable for me . And of course , they know how to pick the best clothes for their boutique . Bead & Reel carries clothes and accessories from Angela & Roi , Matt and Nat , Amour Vert , Nae , The People 's Movement and many more .
Vegan Chic
This one only carries shoes and accessories , but the choice is huge ! Among the brands Vegan Chic carries are Olsen Haus , Neuaura , Cri de Coeur , Will 's London , Matt and Nat and Gunas .
Vegan Scene
( Edit : the shop will be up and running in October ! ) Vegan Scene is a great resource for vegan shopping online : it carries some lingerie pieces and Delikate Rayne , which is one of our favourite ethical brands . Other brands you can find on Vegan Scene are Gypsy 05 , James Payne , Vaute Couture , Only Hearts , Hipsters for Sisters and of course , Matt and Nat .
Vegan Clothing Stores in NYC
Moo Shoes
Moo Shoes is probably the first go-to place for vegan shoes in the US . They have two shops , one in NYC ( their first one ) and on in LA . You can also shop online of course , and this is what you 're gon na find : Keep , Nicora Johns , Olsenhaus , Bhava , Matt and Nat , Good Guys , Truth , Vegetarian Shoes and many more .
Vegan Clothing Stores UK
You 're So Vegan
At the moment they only seem to carry accessories and a very few clothing pieces , but we think You 're So Vegan is very promising . They carry brands like Cri de Coeur , Cornelia Guest , Melie Bianco , Vaute Couture , Brave Gentleman .
Vegetarian Shoes
Probably the most famous cruelty-free shoes store in Europe , all products are vegan despite the name . They sell shoes for every need , from hiking to running to an elegant evening out . They also have some absolutely amazing satchels . I felt like including them in this post even if they mostly sell their own brand because they have such a wide choice it would have been a shame not to .
Vegan Clothing Stores Europe
Avesu
Avesu is both an online boutique and physical boutique and they only sell shoes and accessories . You can find them in Berlin and Hamburg . They have recently put up an English version of the website , which we are very grateful for . Some brands they sell are : Will 's London , Novacas , Nae , Cosi Cosi , Ahimsa , Beyond Skin .
Roots of Compassion
This is the right place to go if you want to tell the world you 're vegan . They sell all kind of vegan “ merchandise ” , from t-shirts to canvas tote bags and buttons .
Muso Koroni
I 've never heard most of the brands they sell , mostly because they source their goods from fair trade , independent , and 100 % vegan companies around the world . They also have a physical store in Vienna , Austria .
Vegan Clothing Stores Australia
Love Child
This is probably the most fashion forward vegan clothing store online . Just check it out , it looks like Nasty Gal and Asos vegan child ! I love it . And you will too ! Love Child carries every cool ethical brand out there : Vaute Couture , Delikate Rayne , Kerol D. , Miakoda , Bella M .
Vegan Style
Again , a shoes and accessories kind of boutique , in Au this time . They have an eye for classy and smart designs and they carry brands of the like of Opificio V , Good Guys , Novacas , Beyond Skin , Will 's London , Etikos , Bourgeois Boheme .
Vegan Wares
Shoes , accessories , bags , socks , dog collars , beauty products and much more for the Aussie vegan ! Most of the products are their own , but they also carry other brands and a wide variety of products .
Vegan Clothing Stores Canada
Vegan Cuts
Vegan Cuts is not just a boutique : it 's a whole vegan world ! They are famous for their monthly subscription boxes which I absolutely love . I have a ton of cool beauty products because of their box , I had to stop my subscription for a few months in order to finish all the products ! I do n't use much make up so I do n't want it to go to waste . By the way , they also carry some pretty cool fashion brands like Pura Botanica , Djuna Shay , Compassion Couture , Pixie Mood .
Alright , we 're done for today ! Leave a comment below if you have some vegan online boutiques to suggest and make sure you share this post on your social media to spread the vegan goodness around ! When people see it can be easy and stylish , they will be more likely to come to our side 😉
Thank you in advance for sharing , have a nice day filled with compassion and sass !
Aaaand that 's a pinnable : mouse over the image and click on the red button on the top left to Pin it !
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
The Kaiser Family Foundation has figured out what the net premiums would be under the Senate health care bill for all 3,143 counties in the United States . For folks in their 20s , premiums go down in most places by an average of a few hundred dollars . For people in their 40s , 50s , and 60s with modest incomes , premiums go up—in most cases by thousands of dollars .
The net premium is the cost of coverage minus the tax credit subsidy . For you quantitative types who like to see your data in chart form , here it is for a working-class 60-year-old . There is one ( 1 ) county in the entire country that sees a net reduction :
And for you visual types , here it is in map form :
And keep in mind that with the end of protection for essential benefits and the elimination of CSR subsidies , these higher premiums are almost certainly paying for worse coverage , higher deductibles , and higher copays .
The Kirkcaldy club follows on from Heart of Midlothian who introduced the wage in December 2014 .
SNS Group
Scottish Championship side Raith Rovers are set to become only the second Scottish club to pay their employees a `` living wage '' .
All staff will be paid at least the living wage of £7.85 , which is £1.35 per hour more than the national minimum wage .
The living wage is aimed at reflecting the actual cost of living , and is paid voluntarily by some employers , while the minimum wage is a legal requirement .
The Scottish Government has guaranteed the living wage to its own staff and encourages employers across the public and private sector to adopt it .
A statement from the club website said : `` The board of directors has decided that , going forward , the club will pay all of its non-footballing staff at least the Living Wage ( currently £7.85 per hour ) .
`` In reaching this decision , and becoming one of the first Scottish football clubs to do so , we are recognising that a football club is not only its team on the pitch but also the small army of staff behind the scenes without whom we could not operate .
`` At Raith Rovers we are extremely fortunate to have a hardworking and dedicated workforce , and the board believes that it is only right that they are properly rewarded for their efforts , especially in these challenging economic times for everyone . ''
The Kirkcaldy club follows on from Heart of Midlothian who introduced the wage in December 2014 .
It had been approved by directors at a board meeting in October and was brought in for all staff .
The Scottish Living Wage Accreditation Initiative provides support and advice to organisations that wish to pay the living wage .
Celtic also agreed to pay permanent staff the equivalent of a living wage but refused to join up to the scheme .
The Parkhead club agreed at its AGM in November that it would not sign up to the scheme but would pay the equivalent £7.85 an hour to permanent employees .
Feedback : We want your feedback on our site . If you 've got questions , spotted an inaccuracy or just want to share some ideas about our news service , please email us on web @ stv.tv .
Download : The STV News app is Scotland 's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play . Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are .
Join in : For debate , chat , comment and more , join our communities on the STV News Facebook page or follow @ STVNews on Twitter .
Updates : Would you like STV 's latest news update in your inbox every morning ? Choose from our range of regular e-newsletters here
Alt-Left Mob Steals Independent Journalist 's Phone , Accuse Him of Being a Nazi ( VIDEO )
An independent journalist who showed up Saturday to capture footage of the protests in San Francisco was mistaken for a Trump Supporter by the alt-left mob so they stole their phone .
The Oregon-based Patriot Prayer group decided to cancel their free speech rally planned for Saturday due to fears left-wing Antifa terrorists were going to show up and cause a violent brawl . The left celebrated with a ‘ counter-protest ' and saw the cancellation as a ‘ victory ' .
Antifa still decided to show up and their press conference in Alamo Square Park was cut short .
Antifa members stole the phone from Nathan Stolpman who reports at ‘ Lft the Veil ' Channel during the violence .
Apparently being a white man who is wearing a polo shirt is a signal to the hateful , violent mob on the left that a person is a Nazi and literally worse than Hitler .
Nathan is hoping someone will return their phone to him .
I paid cash for that phone , so any help will go a long way https : //t.co/YvvKd8dj71 https : //t.co/I2B4JU4WdV — Nathan Stolpman ( @ lifttheveil411 ) August 26 , 2017
We are in perilous times when a mob of people think they can steal from , punch , kick and try to kill another person just because they support President Trump or if they look like they support Trump .
Watch this man plea with alt-left protesters in an effort to retrieve their phone . At one point they have to tell everyone that he 's not a Nazi and that they love everyone .
Protest attendee is mistaken for Pro-Trump supporter — has to explain that they are not . # SanFrancisco @ GGXnews pic.twitter.com/oOxXQRV8lr — Brian Neumann ( @ neumannbrian_ ) August 26 , 2017
Alt-left protesters even broke through a fence , making their way to Alamo Square Park where the Patriot Prayer group was :
Counterprotesters break through fence , making their way to Alamo square park @ GGXnews pic.twitter.com/nXt8YFwpq1 — Brian Neumann ( @ neumannbrian_ ) August 26 , 2017
Video via Brian Neumann Twitter
Image caption The portrayal of women in video games still needs to move beyond Lara Croft . More involvement from women in games will help , experts say
When you think about women in video games , you would be forgiven for imagining the helpless girly-girl persona of Mario 's beloved Princess Peach , or for getting distracted by the improbably-chested , often-running Lara Croft .
Many female gamers register under male identities to avoid stalking , harassment , and the general annoyance of guys Dee-ann LeBlanc , Blogger
Or as Sheri Graner-Ray , studio design director for Schell Games , bluntly puts it : `` We tend to make our females look like they 're ready for sex right now . ''
Despite the number of women working in the games industry increasing , many argue that higher representation in gaming - both as players and creators - has done little to change portrayal of women within games .
`` Sometimes women do n't get the option of being male or female , '' Ngan Nguyen , editor of Women in Games Jobs , told BBC World Service 's Colin Grant .
`` You have to play with whatever character you 're given . Some of the games I 've played , like God of War , you are given just male characters . ''
'She 's a girl ! '
Ms Nguyen is a self-confessed hardcore gamer who has been playing since the age of 13 .
They are one of the millions of people playing World of Warcraft , the `` massively multiplayer online role-playing game '' - or MMORPG - which boasts over 10 million users .
Image caption Online role-playing games have huge female audiences
Estimates put the proportion of female World of Warcraft players at approximately 25 % - yet players like Ms Nguyen are not keen to be openly female online .
`` What you 've got with online multiple player games is that you have systems like Skype and Vent where you talk to each other whilst you 're on missions together . You discover who it is you 're actually playing with .
`` I 'd already been playing with my guild for a very long time before Vent was introduced and I made sure when I was invited to Vent I would n't accept it - because I wanted to establish myself as a really decent character regardless of my sex or my race .
`` Eventually , when Vent was brought on , everybody went 'she 's a girl ! ' ''
Annoying guys
Recently Blizzard , creators of World of Warcraft , suggested it may begin attaching users ' real names to posts made on the game 's various forums .
The announcement prompted a massive backlash , with one blogger , Dee-ann LeBlanc , writing that `` as a female gamer , I do n't want everyone seeing my obviously female name '' .
I do n't think we just want games where you dress up Barbies Ana Kronschnabl , CEO , Fluffy Logic
`` An unfortunate truth is that many female gamers register under male ( or gender-neutral ) identities to avoid stalking , harassment , and the general annoyance of guys who experience neuron failure around characters with breasts . ''
Following pressure from the Warcraft community , Blizzard decided not to go ahead with the plans .
The uproar raised important questions about the stigma still attached to female video-gamers , a stigma which begins , according to one expert , at a very early age .
`` The widespread media representation of [ gaming ] is as a violent pastime - that games are something for boys and not for girls , and that they lead to anti-social behaviour , '' said Helen Kennedy , a cultural theorist at the University of the West of England .
`` Parents are n't going to encourage their girls to play , they 're not going to be as keen to buy them their first DS or buy them a console in the way you see families and mums buying lots of that stuff for boys at a very young age . ''
Growing influence
Them worries are shared by Ana Kronschnabl , CEO and co-founder of Bristol-based games company Fluffy Logic .
`` It 's of great concern to me . I have an eight-year-old daughter .
`` I do n't think we just want games where you dress up Barbies . I think [ my daughter would ] love to go around picking up gems , cutting the heads off donkeys or whatever it is that the game involves . ''
Like Ms Nguyen , Ms Kronschnabl believes it is not a case of making games for girls , rather including female characters in existing series and genres , thus hopefully making them more appealing .
`` I just like to see an ordinary female character I want to play . I do n't want to play anything different . ''
If the growth of women working in the games industry continues , this change could happen naturally as women get greater say in development .
`` We 're seeing a tremendous growth in production , '' said Ms Graner-Ray from Schell Games .
`` I think that 's a brilliant place for women to be because it allows them to have a lot of says in how the product is going to develop and how it 's going to grow . ''
When it was illuminated at night , that neon Richfield sign must have come close to matching the brightness of the sunny August sky in our photo today . But the fog lights on the new Ford at the pumps and the ten year old Plymouth in the service bay hint that days this clear were not so common in this coastal community . The immaculate condition of both the exterior and work area of this father and son partnership suggest to us that they either took a great deal of pride in the business or it was a new operation .
The big Allen Engine Analyzer in our bottom photo was state-of-the-art at the time . It was a far cry from today 's digital equipment , but a mechanic could put a razor sharp tune up on an engine with one , if they knew what they were doing . Aside from the units obvious usefulness , we really like the look of the analog instrument panel and the style of the “ portable ” battery charger on the right as well . You can also find dozens more old time service station photos here on The Old Motor sure to be of interest . Photo courtesy of the City of Vancouver .
A SENIOR defence expert has warned it 's “ too late ” to stop China from taking ownership of the South China Sea .
Former head of the Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) Sir Angus Houston said China 's controversial ramp-up of its military presence is almost complete .
Sir Angus , who was chief of the ADF from 2005 to 2011 , said they had seen images of the militarised islands suggesting China 's presence was permanent .
“ I have seen the imagery ( and ) what you see is infrastructure going in , and it is not going to be too much longer before it is fully developed , ” Sir Angus told the National Security College conference in Canberra on the weekend .
“ All of this development will enable China to dominate the South China Sea and extend its permanent military presence further south in proximity to Indonesia , Malaysia and Singapore . ”
While strengthening its presence in the South China Sea is a long-term goal for Beijing , Chinese President Xi Jinping has previously pledged not to “ militarise ” the disputed region .
But US military officials have told a different story , claiming Beijing has “ hundreds ” of surface-to-air missiles that will be moved to the disputed islands over coming months .
“ In my view it is too late to stop the China program in the South China Sea , ” said Sir Angus . “ What is important now is to ensure freedom of navigation and the right of innocent passage .
“ We also need to find ways to resolve territorial disputes in accordance with international law and discourage nations from acting unilaterally in a way that threatens the peace and stability in our region . From here a prudent approach is necessary . ”
They urged the US to seek greater engagement with China through strategic partnerships .
“ The US needs to engage with and make space for China , ” they said . “ In my view we need more co-operation and less competition . ”
TENSIONS WITH US CONTINUE TO BOIL
Any hope China had that Donald Trump was bluffing with their threats is likely beginning to shatter .
In their first few days of entering the White House , the President made it clear they were going to follow through on their signature election promises .
Prior to entering the White House , Mr Trump promised to go after Beijing by imposing a 45 per cent tariff on Chinese goods .
They also sparked tensions by accepting a phone call from Taiwanese Prime Minister Tsai-Ing wen in December , and has suggested he 's not afraid of a military contest over Taiwan or the South China Sea .
Until now , media mouthpieces for the Chinese government have responded saying their threats would be taken with a grain of salt until they entered the White House .
In December , when Mr Trump said America 's “ One China ” policy was up for negotiation , the Global Times responded : “ Since ( Mr Trump ) has not taken office , China has kept a calm attitude toward their provocative remarks .
“ But if they treat China after assuming office in the same way as in their tweets , China will not exercise restraint . ”
But now , it may be dawning on Beijing that it was a misjudgment to assume they were bluffing .
Experts have told news.com.au China would not yet be capable of winning a military war with the US — if one was to break out . It 's therefore presently in Beijing 's interests to partake in negotiations rather than resort to a stand-off .
However , the Trump Administration is yet to detail if or how it plans to counteract China 's pursual of its territorial claims in the region .
At the Canberra conference this past weekend , former Japanese defence minister Satoshi Morimoto said they fear Mr Trump could strike a secret trade deal with China that would allow it to increase its military activities in the region .
At the Canberra conference , they said the President could directly negotiate with Beijing on a deal that suited its short-term interests , according to The Australian .
“ My personal concern on the unpredictability of Donald Trump and the trend of the Trump administration is the future prospect of US-China relations . Especially , I worry President Trump may make a deal and a compromise with China , ” Mr Morimoto said .
WHAT WILL IT MEAN IF CHINA TAKES CONTROL ?
The South China Sea is one of the world 's most important strategic waterways , and may contain reserves of natural resources worth trillions of dollars .
Vietnam , the Philippines , Taiwan , Malaysia and Brunei all have competing claims to the region too , but China 's is most heavily-backed with naval military patrols and island-building .
If Sir Angus is right , and China does indeed take ownership of the region , it will fundamentally change the world 's power structures .
Ross Babbage , a senior research fellow at the Centre for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments , argues the US and its allies ( including Australia ) need to implement a solid strategy to counter China under the lead of the Trump administration .
In a report released last month , they warn there are five key consequences if Western leaders fail to combat China 's claims to the hotly-contested region .
First , Dr Babbage says giving Beijing control over such a massive transport and communications expanse will shake up the whole security environment in the Western Pacific region — which includes Australia — and warns this could “ seriously complicate many types of future allied operations in the region ” .
Second , they argue it will undermine decades of work that have gone into building frameworks of international law that govern how countries relate to each other .
Finally , they warn that if China is successful , this will just be the beginning . The rising superpower will be able to use the West 's inability to stop them as an invitation to go after other strategic territories and take part in other “ highly assertive operations ” . Even more worryingly , they say this message of the West 's “ weakness ” could extend to other non-western powers beyond China , like Russia , North Korea and Iran , as well as to a range of terrorist groups .
WHERE IS THE EVIDENCE OF BEIJING RAMPING UP MISSILES ?
Last month , it was reported China was preparing to mobilise “ hundreds ” of its surface-to-air missiles stationed in Hainan Island .
US military officials said the missiles , which Beijing shipped to its non-contested Hainan Island in the South China Sea , would be moved to the country 's disputed human-made islands over coming months .
The officials told Fox News Hainan Island would likely serve as a training site before the missiles are deployed to the disputed Spratly Islands or Woody Islands this year .
The equipment included a number of short , medium and long-range weapons . One of these , a military unit of the advanced SA-21 system , would be capable of knocking out aircraft from more than 400km away .
The officials also said the total number of surface-to-air missiles on Hainan could reach 500 .
In November last year , the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative think tank ( AMTI ) reported that China appeared to have installed weapons on all seven of its artificial islands in the region .
AMTI said it had been tracking construction of hexagonal structures on Fiery Cross , Mischief and Subi reefs in the Spratly Islands since June and July . China has already built military length airstrips on these islands .
A fresh batch of satellite photos taken in November show these are being completed as point-defence fortifications housing radar-guided anti-aircraft and antimissile guns .
China has maintained military construction on the islands will be limited to necessary defensive requirements .
Updated : May 3 , 2017 , 16:48 IST
The world is going crazy about Justin Bieber . You see , he 's after all a global sensation . And the fact that the Indian leg of their Purpose tour is creating such an uproar—what with celebrities and renowned musicians getting into Twitter spats over who 's performing with Bieber and tickets costing up to 75K approximately for “ the whole experience ” —is only proof of that sensationalism .
I personally know of people who have gotten themselves these so-called VIP tickets that allow them to hang backstage with the artist . But , there is a huge disclaimer there which these concert-goers have blindly bypassed , they wo n't be allowed to take any pictures with the artist , or talk to him , or ask for an autograph . Still , it 's an experience of a lifetime , right ? Right ?
© Guiness World Records
Now , before I go on to express anything on this whole hullabaloo ( because that 's all that this is ) , let 's analyse the arrangements that have been made for Bieber 's stay in the country , along with the concert date and all . According to our insider sources , the following list is what the requirements of Justin Bieber and their entourage—which is a total of 120 people—entails .
1 . 10 luxury sedans , 2 Volvo buses & 1 Rolls-Royce
A convoy of 10 luxury sedans and 2 Volvo buses is to be at the disposal of the artist and their entourage of 120 people throughout their stay , with a Rolls-Royce reserved for the Grammy-winner himself . There will be special security cars comprising of Z+ level security and Maharashtra Police personnel apart from the artists ' global security who will be 8 in number .
© Billboard
2 . Everything From Playstations To Jacuzzis
10 containers will be flown in with items like a ping pong table , playstation , IO HAWK , sofa set , washing machine , refrigerator , upholstery , wardrobe cupboard , massage table that will be used backstage . Arrangements for a Jacuzzi have also been made for Bieber 's personal use to unwind before they take to the stage .
3 . The Suite Life
Two 5-star hotels have been reserved for security reasons . Top culinary experts will supervise the gourmet being served to Bieber over the 4 days with 5 dishes per day being renamed after their popular songs . The hotels will re-design their suite and incorporate Mogul paintings , antique furniture and signature Kashmiri bedroom linen . Their room will be adorned with purple carnations , purple being their favourite color ! The hotel will convert itself into Bieber 's private villa with three floors of the hotel being booked for the artist and their entourage and one elevator blocked on all 4 full days for Bieber alone . A special Indian Yoga Casket containing aromatic essential oils ; jasmine , mogra , rose and camphor incense sticks ; and books on chakras and yoga asanas will be placed in Bieber 's suite knowing their love for Yoga . That 's not all a licensed female masseuse specially flown in from Kerala will be provided to Bieber on all 4 days . 100 hangers , cans of wildberries and vanilla room fresheners , dove body wash , hydrating lip balms - these are some of the special requests being catered to in their 1000 sq ft suite . Rooms with the best view in the quietest part of the hotel with only king size beds is a pre requisite with a 24 hour fitness centre with a steam room .
© Billboard
4 . A Very Indulgent Itinerary
Bieber 's team will be submitted a list of spray tan salon , sushi restaurant , steakhouse , Italian restaurant , shopping mall , bowling alley , movie theatre , skate park , casinos , nightclubs , basketball courts and recording studios as a bonus .
5 . Last-Minute Stand-By Flight Mode
The promoters have also kept a private jet and chopper on stand-by to meet the artist 's immediate travel demands in India . A first in the history Bieber will be flying into the stadium on a chopper and not taking the road as most international artists do in India .
6 . LOTS of Room
There will be a total of 13 rooms backstage including Justin Bieber 's Room , JB Family Room , Dancer Rooms , Production Room , Tour Management Room , Road Management Office , Tour Accountant Office , Security Office , and Jam Room .
© Billboard
7 . A Never-Ending List Of Groceries
Silverware cutlery to fresh flowers ( no lilies ) to scented candles with a strong focus on health foods like coconut water , almond milk , strawberry and vanilla protein powder , raw organic honey , decaffeinated herbal teas to fresh fruit and vegetable platter . Bieber has requested that their dressing room be entirely draped with white curtains , a large glass-door refrigerator , clothing shelves , eight power outlets and 12 white handkerchiefs . To quench their thirst , they demand 24 still water bottles , 24 alkaline water bottles , 4 energy drinks , 6 vitamin water bottles , 6 cream sodas as well as a cooler packed with assorted juices fizzy drinks . The rider also lists 4 natural juices , 4 vanilla protein drinks and half a gallon of almond milk . The Canadian star has also requested vegetables seasoned with ranch sauce , diced fruit , organic bananas and seedless grapes . Snacks must also include a deli platter of organic turkey , lettuce , Colby and provolone cheese , black olives , as well as green and banana peppers . Lastly , backstage demands include white sliced bread , potato chips , mint and watermelon gum , white cheddar popcorn , Ghiradelli dark chocolate with sea salt and almonds , menthol and watermelon gum , vinegar chips , organic dried fruit , peanuts , and all berries cereal . The `` Sorry '' singer also has a list of delicious treats that they enjoy , like a large pack of Swedish Fish , boxes of Ritz Bitz peanut butter and cheese sandwiches and multiple packs of Haribo Cola Gummies .
8 . And Clothes…
What 's more ? In every dressing room , there is a requirement for 2 packages of plain white crew-neck teeshirts , in sizes XS and L , 2 packages of white tank tops , sizes L and XL , 3 packages of white lo-rise socks , size XS and L. You 'll also need a boom box with an iPhone battery in order to keep the Biebs happy backstage .
Do n't Miss
© YouTube
My Point Is This…
A Michael Jackson concert was an experience—even if you were at the farthest end of a packed stadium filled with millions of people dancing to the legendary star 's tunes . To be within a 50 mile radius of that icon would be an experience . Now , of course , you would have to be dead for that . Hell , to even watch their videos is an experience , no kidding !
I 'm not saying Bieber is bad . Not at all . Lately , their music is actually quite interesting . But is it really worth paying so much for ? You decide .
Photo : © Billboard , BookMyShow ( Main Image )
President Donald Trump laced into FBI leadership Friday , while proclaiming their loyalty and support for law enforcement in an address at the agency 's training academy .
QUANTICO , Va. — President Donald Trump laced into FBI leadership Friday , while proclaiming their loyalty and support for law enforcement in an address at the agency 's training academy .
`` It 's a shame what 's happened '' with the FBI , the president said as they left the White House for a speech at the FBI training academy in Quantico , Virginia . They called the agency 's handling of Hillary Clinton 's email investigation `` really disgraceful '' and told reporters `` we 're going to rebuild the FBI . ''
Shortly afterward , Trump lavished praise on graduates of a weeks-long FBI National Academy program and their families , touting their accomplishments and pledging their unwavering support . Trump told law enforcement leaders they are `` more loyal than anyone else could be '' to police .
`` Anti-police sentiment is wrong and it 's dangerous , '' they added . `` Anyone who kills a police officer should get the death penalty . ''
Trump used the speech to promote their administration 's tough-on-crime policies , delivering a stern warning to members of the international gang MS-13 that their administration will root them out and arrest them .
They also celebrated their decision to make it easier for local police forces to purchase surplus military equipment , and questioned rising violence in Chicago .
`` What the hell is going on in Chicago ? What the hell is happening there , '' they asked .
Hours before , White House Deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley told Fox News Channel that edits to former FBI Director James Comey 's statement on Clinton 's private email server and anti-Trump texts from a top agent are `` deeply troubling . ''
`` There is extreme bias against this president with high-up members of the team there at the FBI who were investigating Hillary Clinton at the time , '' Gidley charged , as special counsel Robert Mueller pushes on with a probe of possible Trump campaign ties to Russia . Gidley says Trump maintains confidence in the FBI 's rank-and-file .
Edits to the Comey draft appeared to soften the gravity of the bureau 's finding in its 2016 investigation of Hillary Clinton 's use of a private email server while secretary of state .
`` It is very sad when you look at those documents , how they 've done that is really , really disgraceful , and you have a lot of really angry people who are seeing it , '' Trump said of the document .
Gidley said the disclosure of politically charged text messages sent by one of the agents on the Clinton case , Peter Strzok , were `` eye-opening . '' Strzok , who was in the room as Clinton was interviewed , was later assigned to special counsel Robert Mueller 's team to investigate potential coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign . They were re-assigned after the messages were uncovered this summer .
About 200 leaders in law enforcement from around the country attended the weeks-long FBI National Academy program aimed at raising law enforcement standards and cooperation . Coursework included intelligence theory , terrorism and terrorist mindsets , law , behavioral science , law enforcement communication , and forensic science .
Earlier this year , Netflix announced that it was developing a TV adaptation of Andrzej Sapkowski 's popular fantasy series The Witcher , with Tomasz Bagiński—a veteran of the Witcher video games—on board to produce and possibly direct at least one episode of the show . Now , the project is very gradually moving forward , with Variety reporting that Lauren Schmidt Hissrich will be writing the TV version and acting as showrunner and executive producer . Hissirch worked on Daredevil and The Defenders for Netflix , so she 's already experienced in making streaming adaptations of cool stuff that nerds like .
The Witcher stories are about a monster hunter with stylish white hair named Geralt Of Rivia , and even though he 's extremely good at their job and is often the only one capable of saving various townsfolk and kings from whatever horrible creatures are tormenting them , everybody seems to hate him . They can be kind of a gruff jerk , but he 's a busy man . How often are real-life exterminators overly cheery when you call on them to clean out some kind of infestation ? Geralt is like that , but with goblins or whatever .
The U.S. Equestrian Federation has given hunter professional Kelley Farmer a two-month suspension and $ 5,000 fine following a positive drug test on a horse in their care at the time , Kodachrome .
Kodachrome , a top derby contender owned by Nina Moore and the reserve champion at the 2016 USHJA International Hunter Derby Championship ( Kentucky ) with Farmer in the irons , tested positive for benzoylecgonine and ecgonine methyl ester , the metabolites of cocaine , at the Ocala Winter Classic ( Florida ) held Feb. 7-12 , 2017 .
The USEF official notice of action stated that Farmer presented an affidavit alleging that the positive test was the result of contamination from a former employee who used the drug and has since been terminated .
“ No one in their right mind is giving horses cocaine ; that 's as stupid as it gets , ” said Larry Glefke , Farmer 's business partner . “ But it 's hard when you have people working for you who may do it . I mean it 's obviously contamination from whoever did that kind of stuff . ”
“ It is obvious that the USEF personnel involved in this case are biased and prejudiced against my client and have chosen to treat them unfairly and much differently than other professionals facing the same charge , ” said Farmer 's lawyer John Pappas in an email . “ For quite some time USEF finally recognized that competitors do not give their horses cocaine , as its effects are highly unpredictable , and possession of this drug is a crime . Rather USEF has learned that environmental contamination is the source of any positive finding of cocaine in a horse . Several trainers with positive cocaine findings in their horses have been given only censures and fines . There have been no cocaine suspensions . ”
Farmer did not attend the USEF hearing regarding the positive test , and the USEF notice of action noted that the Hearing Committee did not receive concrete proof to support Farmer 's affidavit .
“ In setting the proper penalty , the Hearing Committee considered the significant prior violations against Ms. Farmer for violations of the Drugs and Medications rules . The Hearing Committee believed that Ms. Farmer had been sufficiently penalized for their history of drug violations in a prior ruling , and determined that the appropriate penalties should be set in this case without revisiting the prior penalties levied against her , ” the notice stated .
“ On the side of a higher penalty was the fact that cocaine can unfairly affect the performance of a competing horse , and that Ms. Farmer did not attend the hearing or present any witnesses to rebut the charge or explain the positive result . On the side of a lower penalty was the pervasive nature of cocaine in our society , and the higher chance that a cocaine positive could result from some form of environmental contamination . On balance , the Hearing Committee determined unanimously that the [ assigned ] penalties were appropriate for this violation , ” the notice read .
Farmer and Glefke have spent much of 2017 contesting a separate USEF Hearing Committee ruling regarding a positive GABA test on a horse in their care . For that infraction Farmer received an 18-month suspension and $ 18,000 fine , and Glefke got a 24-month suspension and $ 24,000 fine .
Pappas explained that Farmer did not attend the hearing , held on Oct. 26 , because of the previous suspension , which banned them from participating in all USEF affairs and activities including “ attending , observing or participating in any event , forum , meeting , program , clinic , task force or committee of the Federation , sponsored by or conducted by the Federation , or held in connection with the Federation and any of its activities . ”
“ I never received a written waiver of the clear and precise terms of the suspension that the attorney for the hearing panel had drafted , ” they said . “ I appeared at the 10-26-2017 hearing and advised the hearing panel and its attorneys that without a written waiver Kelley would not appear and attend this hearing in violation of USEF 's 6-30-2017 order and risk a further suspension from USEF , which had demonstrated its proclivity to be harsh , unfair and unjust toward Kelley . ”
Farmer 's suspension for the positive cocaine test is set to start Feb. 1 , 2019 , and end March 31 , 2019 , while their suspension for the positive GABA test ends Dec. 31 , 2018 .
Read all the coverage of Kelley Farmer and Larry Glefke 's suspensions in 2017 , including each update , statements from them , responses from others and more .
In Australian politics , turning down a sausage sandwich will cost you
Updated
You might think that Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull 's rejection of a sausage in bread in Lismore this week is no big deal .
`` It 's only a sausage , '' you may scoff , `` what difference does it make if this man , whose job is the manipulation of the levers of our national interest , eats it or not ? ''
How naive you are being . How , when , where and why a prime minister eats a sausage — or indeed anything else — can make all the difference to their career , and their country 's course .
Throughout history food and leadership have been inextricably linked .
When Cleopatra dissolved a pearl in vinegar , it sent a strong message to their subjects that they were out of touch with their everyday concerns .
When Alfred the Great of Wessex burnt a peasant woman 's cakes , it cast doubt on their general competence and caused Anglo-Saxon morale to plummet — how could a man who could n't bake defeat Vikings ?
Tony Abbott gets it ... sort of
It 's the same today , and the magnitude of the tactical blunder that Turnbull committed in Lismore was hammered home when Tony Abbott , the man who would be Mal , tweeted a picture of themselves at Tumut Lions Club , getting stuck into the snags like nobody 's business .
Abbott had sensed a weakness and pounced on it , pausing only to smother it in tomato sauce .
The message was clear : Turnbull 's claims to be a man of the people are a sham , a hollow facade ; in Abbott 's simple , manly sausage consumption can be seen the patriotic appetite that Australia demands , while Turnbull remains detached from the ordinary man and woman and sausage in the street .
Of course , Abbott knows the terrain here : during their own prime ministership , they too ran afoul of the subtle nuances of the politico-culinary landscape .
They made the opposite mistake to that which Turnbull has now stumbled into : where the current PM suffered a failure of nerve at the crucial moment and appeared painfully aloof , their predecessor was stricken by an excess of enthusiasm .
So desperate was Abbott to prove their everyman credentials that they went in like a bull at a gate , determined to seize and eat anything put in front of him , and ended up biting into a whole raw onion like some kind of rookie pod person .
Their leadership was doomed from that moment , and Abbott learnt a harsh lesson : Australians want their politicians to tuck in with enthusiasm to the traditional comestibles , but there is a limit , beyond which they 'll just think you 're a lunatic .
Because people pay attention to these things
They watch what leaders put into their mouths , take notes , and vote accordingly . Australian politics is basically The Biggest Loser , but with Australian cultural stereotypes rather than kilojoules .
Bob Hawke could easily have entered the public consciousness as dangerous socialist subversive , if they could n't prove their Aussie credentials .
But they held a beer-drinking record , and so when they acquired the Labor leadership , the voters knew they could trust him .
Certainly more than Malcolm Fraser , who was the sort of guy one strongly suspects of being a vegetarian .
If people have had similar suspicions about Malcolm Turnbull , they 've surely been confirmed now .
Turnbull has outed themselves as a sausage denier , and it 'll be almost impossible to walk back from this — any sausages they eat from now on will seem like token snags , eaten just to pacify angry factional interests .
The whispers will grow : `` What sort of man turns down a sausage sandwich ? '' people will ask . `` His regressive fiscal policy I could take , but I can not accept a prime minister so out of step with their own sausage-loving country . ''
A free kick for Bill Shorten
The worst thing about Mal 's misstep is that it 's not only a free kick for Tony Abbott , but for their other opponent , Bill Shorten .
The last time Shorten was faced with a test of their gourmandery , they failed miserably , biting into a sausage sandwich from the side as if the prime ministership were Lassie and Bill was telling it they hated it so it 'd run to safety .
Nothing could have turned the public off quicker , especially if they recalled the time Shorten threw a tantrum over a pie .
What this meant was that the Opposition had vacated the sausage sizzle space , leaving it wide open for Turnbull to step in and claim the protein high ground for himself .
All they had to do was eat sausages normally and the country would be giving them a huge tick in the very square that Shorten already had a cross in .
Instead , the PM saw the sausage , but missed the memo : `` here is your chance to connect with the electorate '' .
Thus was the story of Malcolm Turnbull , the statesman who , like George Bush when they vomited on the Japanese Prime Minister , made a poor dietary choice and lost their standing with the people forever .
Topics : popular-culture , leadership , community-organisations , offbeat , federal-government , australia
First posted
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico — The Puerto Rican government plans to announce this week a change of position and withdraw its defense of the commonwealth 's ban on same-sex marriage , according to a report in El Nuevo Día .
Gov . Alejandro García Padilla 's administration is “ reassessing ” a change of opinion now that marriage equality has rapidly expanded to 37 U.S. states .
The U.S. island territory 's ban is being challenged in a federal appeals court and Padilla , who is named as a defendant in the suit , has until Friday to submit a formal response to the case with the U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals for the First Circuit .
The court is hearing the appeal after federal judge in San Juan upheld the ban last October . Puerto Rico is the only jurisdiction under the First Circuit that still bans same-sex marriages .
National gay rights group Lambda Legal is representing the five same-sex couples who are plaintiffs in the case — two couples who seek to marry in Puerto Rico , and three couples who live on the island and married elsewhere .
Article continues below
“ We are encouraged that the government is reconsidering its defense of its discriminatory ban on the freedom to marry for same-sex couples , ” said Omar Gonzalez-Pagan , a staff attorney for Lambda Legal , in a statement .
“ We look forward to what the government will say in its response to our appeal , and hope Puerto Rico will join the several other state officials over the past year who have also ceased defense of marriage bans in similar cases , ” said Gonzalez-Pagan .
This Story Filed Under
Camel 101 has released a new developer update today for their upcoming survival horror game , Syndrome . Included in the update are some great looking new screenshots for you to check out .
According to Camel 101 , “ We 've been working hard and passionately to make it everything that we want it to be : a true survival horror game with some action , but not too much that it can be considered a shooter . Most of the levels are in-game and functional , but still without the level of detail that we want them to have . The game takes place inside a spaceship where a lot of people live . We want the environment to transmit that idea , and we ca n't have that with rooms full of boxes and barrels . ”
In addition to the developer update , Camel 101 have released some new screenshots for the game showing off some fantastic looking environments built in the Unity Engine . You can check out the newly released screenshots just below .
Syndrome is planned for release in a few months , according to Camel 101 . Stay tuned for further updates on the game by following OnlySP on Facebook and Twitter .
Update : Syndrome is planned to release for the PS4 & Xbox One . The blog post covered in this story does n't make mention of when each version is expected to release , we will follow up with the developer to check in on that .
Bigmoon Entertainment is helping Camel 101 bring Syndrome to consoles .
Source
Jose Torres has fought another man inside a cage or a ring 26 times . He 's been at their craft as an MMA athlete for the last five years .
That 's a substantial career for many . For Torres ? He 's just getting started .
`` Shorty '' has taken a different path than most of their peers . Now 23 years old , they have been an amateur fighter since they were 18 . Many MMA fighters only take a handful of amateur fights before turning pro , so they can begin getting paid . Torres has applied a boxing strategy to mixed martial arts -- and traveled the world to boot .
The top-ranked amateur fighter in the world will finally make their pro debut Friday night at Titan FC 37 in Ridgefield , Wash. Their opponent will be Travis Taylor , who is also fighting for the first time as a professional .
Torres , a 135-pounder , has been good enough to be a pro for a long time . But they chose college and a wrestling scholarship to Division II McKendree University over getting paid to fight . They graduated in May with a degree in leadership and sports and exercise science with a 3.8 grade-point average .
`` I think I 'm good [ at MMA ] , but hey , look at [ Rafael ] dos Anjos , they just missed out on a big fight just breaking their foot , '' Torres said . `` Things happen . I was like , you know what , let me finish school , get my degree just in case I 'm not good enough . ''
That was n't always the easiest decision . Torres went to school in Missouri and had to drive to the Chicago area to train at their Combat-Do gym . Their sole income came from their job as a resident assistant at McKendree , which paid them a meager salary od $ 75 every two weeks . That basically just went to gas . Meals came from the school dining hall . Torres made good use of Tupperwares .
Growing up in the rough-and-tumble city of Cicero , Ill. , Torres said they grew up around drug deals and gang bangers . In high school , they were voted `` biggest party animal '' and that 's what they decided to turn things around . They went to junior college and got their GPA up before eventually earning a full ride to McKendree .
`` I was thinking , let me change my life here , '' they said .
They believe they made the right call to stay in school . Torres wo n't have to worry about trying to make a name on the regional circuit . They said they signed a four-fight deal with Titan , one of the longest contracts the promotion puts together .
Torres actually wanted to go fight for ONE Championship in Asia to continue their travels . He 's been to places like Brazil and the Czech Republic for amateur tournaments . Currently , he 's a member of the KHK team in Bahrain , which is run by the country 's sheik . While working out overseas , they ran into Titan COO Lex McMahon , who was able to woo them over to the promotion that airs on UFC Fight Pass .
`` I 've been having a great time just traveling the world and doing my thing , '' Torres said . ... `` I just enjoy the challenge and I enjoy motivating people . Getting out of my neighborhood and doing bigger things motivates other people to do that , so I 'm very , very happy . I 'm hoping to just have my life set . I live my life like a Bohemian . I save all my money , I eat whatever is free and just keep on going . ''
Eventually , Torres wants to be a UFC champion and own a gym . But who 's in a rush ? Certainly not `` Shorty . '' He 's been patient and precise with their career up until this point , making their own highlight videos , accruing their own sponsors for tournaments and travel . Torres might not have been a pro athlete , but they have conducted themselves like a professional getting up to this point .
`` I 'm not respectable or honest with people , no one is going to be respectable or honest with me , '' Torres said .
It 's been a different road for a different kind of guy . Torres has stayed on it without drifting and now stands to reap the rewards .
`` Everything , '' Torres said , `` has been unfolding pretty well for me . ''
The organisation said that South-West England , the Midlands and parts of Yorkshire have had their “ drought status ” removed due to torrential rain over the last six weeks .
The lifting of drought status follows the highest level of monthly rainfall in over 100 years , the Environment Agency said .
It said that the heavy rain has “ significantly increased ” river and reservoir levels in the counties in question . The rain has reduced pressure on the environment and public water supplies .
However the removal of drought status on many parts of the UK does not affect the 20 million Britons who are currently hit by hosepipe bans .
The South , East and South-East of England remain in drought and these are the only areas where a hosepipe ban has been put in place .
Dr Paul Leinster , the chief executive of the Environment Agency , said : “ The recent record rainfall has eased pressure on water resources in some parts of England , helping levels in rivers and reservoirs to recover and providing relief to farmers , gardeners and wildlife . ”
They said that the agency will “ continue to keep a close eye on the situation ” . They added that low groundwater levels remain a “ concern ” and are unlikely to return to normal levels before this winter .
Groundwater levels in many parts of the UK are still at a similar level to 1976 , the last time the UK was hit by such a severe drought , said Dr Leinster .
The agency warned that a return to dry weather could lead to restrictions for farmers and problems for the environment later in the year .
According to the Environment Agency , the 19 areas that are no longer in drought are South Yorkshire , East Yorkshire , Cornwall , Devon , Dorset , Somerset and Bristol .
Parts of Gloucestershire , parts of Hampshire , most of Wiltshire , Nottinghamshire , Leicestershire , Derbyshire , Staffordshire , West Midlands , Warwickshire , Shropshire , Worcestershire and Herefordshire are also out of drought .
All of these counties bar South and East Yorkshire were only placed under official drought status on April 16 , less than a month ago .
South and East Yorkshire were placed in drought on March 28 .
The agency said that it is “ unlikely ” that water companies will now impose hosepipe bans in these areas over the summer .
Swathes of the UK were put on official drought status after one of the driest ever spells on record .
In the first week of April research by the Environment Agency showed that rainfall in March was only at between 29 to 68 per cent its average level for that month .
River flows , reservoir levels and groundwater levels across the UK were all below normal levels , the agency said .
However by the end of this week research by the agency showed that the situation had reversed .
River flows were “ notably or exceptionally high ” at almost half the relevant sites across the UK while many reservoirs are “ recovering ” , the agency said .
A year ago , Epic Games decided to cut the amount of revenue it collected from developers who used its Unreal Engine platform and game development tools in an effort to attract smaller developers . But at GDC 2015 , Epic is taking things a step further and making Unreal Engine 4 ( as well as any future updates ) completely free up front to build games with , though it 'll still take a cut of game revenue .
`` The state of Unreal is strong , and we 've realized that as we take away barriers , more people are able to fulfill their creative visions and shape the future of the medium we love , '' said Epic founder and CEO Tim Sweeney on the company 's blog . `` That 's why we 're taking away the last barrier to entry , and going free . '' Various versions of Unreal Engine have been used to power dozens of high-profile games like BioShock Infinite , Batman : Arkham Asylum and its sequels , the Gears of War series , and even Goat Simulator .
While Epic will still be taking some revenue from game developers using Unreal Engine , the changes Epic made to its revenue structure means a lot more money will be staying in the pocket of those who make successful games . After a game grosses $ 3,000 in revenue , Epic will take 5 percent per quarter ; before last year , the company took 25 percent of revenue after a game grossed $ 50,000 . While a lot of developers probably were pleased to see Epic dramatically reduce the percentage of revenue it would collect , the fact that the company is starting to collect it so much earlier indicates the company was hoping to capitalize on a lot indie developers who might never come close to that older $ 50,000 threshold .
The company introduced that new revenue agreement at the same time as it announced that developers could sign up for a $ 19 monthly subscription to have access to Unreal Engine . Sweeney said that the company has seen huge community growth since last year , something that should continue now that there 's basically no barrier to a developer building a game with Unreal .
George Ray shows CBS4 's Suzanne McCarroll where the drone was flying before it crashed ( credit : CBS )
BRIGHTON , Colo. ( CBS4 ) – A drone crashed into a Brighton man 's backyard and now the homeowner wants answers .
George Ray said the drone had a GoPro camera mounted on it and was videotaping over their property located off Interstate 76 near 136th Ave. early this morning .
Ray said they heard a strange sound outside their bathroom , “ All I could hear was a ‘ Beep , beep , beep . ”
When they looked outside they saw a drone with a camera .
“ What dummy would be flying around a drone at 3:30 , 3:45 in the morning ? It does n't make sense , ” said Ray .
Shortly after the drone made an unexpected landing , “ This is where it landed at . Apparently it crashed right here , fell to the ground . ”
Ray took their own video of the drone after it crashed . But why it was flying over their property in the first place remains a mystery .
They said their daily activities are not something anyone would be at all interested in recording , “ I 'm just a working dude , mowing the lawn , working around the yard . ”
Ray handed over the drone and camera to the Adams County Sheriff 's Office . Although what happened is not a crime , it is considered out of the ordinary .
Deputies said the wandering drone has been returned to a very embarrassed owner who lost control of the drone . The drone had their name and phone number on it .
Ironically , Ray works for a company that makes drones for government use .
9 Summaries and links to Recent actions by the ACLU of North Dakota – supporting the Save our Water Protesters and covering some of the many legal issues surrounding the Dakota Access Pipeline – 3 possible action items :
1 ) ACLU Urges Justice Department To Investigate Militarized Response at Standing Rock Protest
ACLU and the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights call for an end to law enforcement response to peaceful protesters with weapons of war . They sent a letter on 11-4-2016 to the Justice Department calling for an investigation of possible constitutional rights violations in the police response to peaceful protesters demonstrating against the Dakota Access pipeline . Pending that investigation , the letter also calls for local law enforcement to immediately suspend the use of any federally resourced military weapons and equipment . The letter was signed by Leadership Conference President & CEO Wade Henderson and Vice President Nancy Zirkin , and ACLU Washington Director Karin Johanson . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION
2 ) Crossing the Fossil Fuel Industry Could Now Get You Locked Up – For Decades
In the United States , people have the right to protest , and the press has the right to write about it . But over the past month , multiple journalists , documentary filmmakers , and activists have been arrested in three different states for engaging in and reporting on protests against fossil fuel infrastructure projects . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION
3 ) ACLU of North Dakota Files Open Record Requests Regarding Policing Practices at the Site of DAPL Protests
The use of highway roadblocks and checkpoints , and militarized equipment by law enforcement in response to DAPL protests and the numerous reports of unwarranted stops by police sent to our office from individuals prompted the records requests . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION CRIMINAL JUSTICE
4 ) The Surveillance State Descends on the Dakota Access Pipeline Spirit Camp
Our country has a long way to go in our relations with indigenous nations . We can start now in North Dakota by demilitarizing , ending the surveillance of the camp and water protectors , and starting to listen to the prayers of those who are protecting the water for us all . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION CRIMINAL JUSTICE
5 ) ACLU of North Dakota 's Statement of Solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe
Help the ACLU of North Dakota stand with Standing Rock . Sign their petition and tell Governor Dalrymple to demilitarize North Dakota 's response to peaceful protesters and protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION
6 ) North Dakota 's Governor Declared a State of Emergency to Deal With Peaceful Oil Pipeline Protesters . We Call It a State of Emergency for Civil Rights .
Several thousand indigenous people from across the county have journeyed to a little-known pasture on the prairie just miles from the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe 's reservation to protect the land the tribes consider sacred and culturally significant as well as the water necessary for life . In response to the pipeline protests , North Dakota 's government suppressed free speech and militarized its policing by declaring a state of emergency and calling out the National Guard . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION
7 ) ACLU of North Dakota Statement on Excessive Use of Force Against Pipeline Protesters
Eyewitness accounts and video footage of nonviolent pipeline protesters engaged in civil disobedience near Cannonball , North Dakota on Saturday , September 3 , 2016 , highlight the use of excessive force by Dakota Access , LLC ( DAPL ) private security personnel on protesters . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION
8 ) ACLU of North Dakota to Governor Dalrymple and Morton Co. Sheriff : Protect First Amendment Rights
The American Civil Liberties Union of North Dakota sent a letter to Governor Dalrymple and the Morton County Sheriff on August 25 , 2016 urging them to protect the First Amendment rights of protesters at the site of the Dakota Access Pipeline construction . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION
9 ) ACLU of North Dakota Statement on First Amendment Violations at Dakota Access Pipeline Protests
The curbing of peaceful protests at the site of the Dakota Access Pipeline construction is in violation of our core principles of free speech . FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION AND RELIGION
Share this : Email
Print
More
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
LinkedIn
GOP Blasts Plan For More Political Money Disclosure
Big oil was n't the only target for lawmakers ' anger Thursday . Over on the House side , Republicans on two committees , joined forces to lambaste an Obama administration proposal for more disclosure of political money . White House officials are drafting an executive order that would mandate disclosure from prospective government contractors .
STEVE INSKEEP , Host :
Big oil was n't the only target for lawmakers yesterday . Over on the House side , Republicans blasted an Obama administration proposal for more disclosure of political money . White House officials are drafting an executive order that would mandate disclosure from prospective government contractors .
As NPR 's Peter Overby reports , Republicans say that is an invitation to corruption .
PETER OVERBY : GOP members competed for words to express their outrage .
Darrell Issa of California chairs the Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
DARRELL ISSA : We 're now talking about Chicago hardball politics .
OVERBY : Or maybe it 's naked political power . That 's how Steve Chabot of Ohio put it .
STEVE CHABOT : I think it 's shameful , I think it 's disgusting , I think it 's despicable , I think it 's outrageous .
OVERBY : Tim Walberg , from Michigan , said there 's such a thing as too much disclosure of political money .
TIM WALBERG : To put sunlight on , as someone once said , inappropriately on the private sector in ways like this is an excessive amount of sunlight that can bring cancer .
OVERBY : And North Carolinian Renee Ellmers dismissed the idea that the executive order on disclosure would instill trust in government .
RENEE ELLMERS : I do n't see how that happens with this . And I think that the American people are so wonderfully filled with common sense that they 're going to come up with the same conclusion that I have right now .
OVERBY : One White House official was there to catch all the flak - Daniel Gordon , the administration 's chief procurement officer . The administration had tried not to send anyone , but Republicans insisted . So Gordon listened a lot and they rejected Republican assertions that disclosure would just let the Obama team pick government contractors who support the president . They said the disclosures of where a contractor spends political money would n't factor into the decision making , and in fact contractors already have to reveal their lobbying activity .
DANIEL GORDON : It is not taken into account in the selection of contractors , but it 's required to be submitted and it is publicly available .
OVERBY : The point of the executive order is to uncover at least some of the millions of dollars that new outside-money groups raise and spend on attack ads . A broad disclosure bill failed in Congress last year . It appears that a significant amount of the undisclosed money comes from corporations .
Iowa Democrat Bruce Braley defended the administration 's disclosure strategy .
BRUCE BRALEY : I 'm confused by the people who come to this hearing and claim about the threat to the right of free speech and the threat to our democracy , when in fact it 's the unlimited amount of secret money coming into elections that 's the biggest threat to democracy we face today .
OVERBY : And earlier at the White House , administration spokesperson Jay Carney defended the disclosure idea .
JAMES CARNEY : I 'm not sure when it became a bad word , or a bad idea . Disclosure used to be something that Republicans supported very much . And I think that the American people support it .
OVERBY : Carney has said repeatedly the executive order is in the works , but there 's no timetable for issuing it .
Peter Overby , NPR News , Washington .
Copyright © 2011 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
While studying marine biology in college , one of my favorite stories was about a marine research lab that housed many tanks containing different animals in one room . With no explanation , crabs went missing from several tanks , all gone without a trace .
After several incidences , the researchers installed a surveillance camera to watch the tanks overnight . Low and behold , they saw an octopus climbing out of its tank every night , moving into the crab tanks and eating them , and then going back to its own tank before morning . I 'm pretty sure , if given a few days , the octopus would have figured out how to block the security camera too !
Smart with Sight and Touch
Octopuses are awesome . Not only are they charismatic - with the way they move and change color around divers - they are smart too . With brains proportionally as large as some birds and mammals , researchers often study them . Experiments involving maze and problem-solving have shown an aptitude for both long and short-term memory .
Like humans , octopus eyes have irises , pupils , lenses , and retinas , giving them advanced sight for an invertebrate . They also have an excellent sense of touch and their eight arms contain two thirds of their neurons . This means only part of their nervous system is in their brain and the rest is in their arms .
Divers love to watch octopi change color and flash different patterns on their skin . This occurs due to tens of thousands of chromatophores , which cover the octopus . Chromatophores are pigmented cells that can change colors due to the muscles surrounding them contracting or retracting . As if that 's not enough , they also have iridophores , or reflective cells on the skin , that mirror the colors of the surroundings , helping them blend in with their environment .
What Are They Called ?
Another reason to love octopi… wait let me digress for a moment . Do we call them octopuses or octopi ? Actually they 're both wrong , since the word octopus is a Greek word , the plural should be “ octopodes ” – but no one uses that . ‘ Octopuses ' is generally argued to be correct , as the –es suffix is proper English . Octopus uses an inappropriate Latin suffix ( -i ) on a Greek word that has been used in English for a long time . Anyway , both forms are commonly used , so I 'm going to use them both here just to mix it up a little- but ‘ octopuses ' is correct .
On Love
So back to the octopodes ' love – how could you not love something with three hearts ? Yes- that 's right- octopuses have three hearts . And if that 's not enough to love , just remember they have eight arms to hold you with .
Continuing on with this theme , reproduction starts with a lovely , but frequently short , courtship , where the male octopus transfers a packet of sperm from its hectocotylus ( one specialized tentacle ) into the females mantle – think of it as the male caressing them slightly on the back of the neck .
Sadly the males are thought to die shortly after this exchange , whereas the females find a den to lay their eggs and protect them till they hatch , without leaving even for food . Females die shortly after their new generation is born . Some female species carry their eggs on them until they hatch .
Other Cool Stuff
One more cool fact : octopuses have blue blood . This comes from a copper-containing protein called hemocyanin that binds oxygen ; meanwhile , humans have hemoglobin that contains iron making it red .
When they 're angry – watch out – octopuses can “ ink ” predators ( or annoying divers ) . The black cloud of ink is meant to distract or confuse predators , giving the octopuses a chance to escape .
From the tiniest hairy octopus , only a few inches wide , to the giant Pacific Octopus , with an arm span over 15ft feet , octopi come in all sizes and colors . Only recently discovered , the wonderpus and mimic octopuses delight photographers with their colorful bodies , not to mention with the way a mimic octopus bends its body , pretending to be other animals such as the flounder fish , sea snake , lionfish and more .
The tiny blue ring octopus , with its beautiful blue and red dartboard pattern , is deadly . It produces venom that contains many neurotoxins , including one that 's at least 10,000 times more toxic than cyanide . All this from a cute little octopus that could fit in the palm of your hand - but do n't ever put it in your hand !
We also judge intelligence by the use of tools – might I introduce the coconut octopus ? This Pacific species uses coconut shells for protection and as a home . If it wants to move its home , the coconut octopus will simply pick it up and carry it along .
So as you can see , the octopus is amazing . I hope you see one on your next dive !
Further Reading
Overview of Scuba Diving in Philippines
The Apo Reef - A UNESCO Nature Park
Subic Bay More than Just Wrecks
Cabilao , A Tiny Island for Tiny Creatures
Pescador Island - A Small Island Full of Surprises
Puerto Galera Diving
Oscar Pistorius says they want tougher regulations on the length of running blades after suffering a shock loss in the final of the Paralympic T44 200m .
`` You saw how far they came back . We are n't racing a fair race . I gave it my best . The IPC have their regulations Oscar Pistorius
The South African was beaten by Alan Oliveira but claimed the Brazilian 's prosthetic legs are too long .
`` We are not running in a fair race here , '' Pistorius told Channel 4 .
`` I do n't know how you can come back , watching the replay , from eight metres behind on the 100 to win . It 's absolutely ridiculous . ''
Pistorius was overhauled in the final 20 metres as the 20-year-old Oliveira won in 21.45 seconds .
The Pistorius story • Pistorius had their lower legs amputated at the age of 11 months , having been born without a fibula in either leg • Their parents , Henke and Sheila , were advised that having the amputation done before they had learnt to walk would be less traumatic • Their parents wrote their son a letter , to read in later life explaining their decision , which read `` a loser is n't the person that gets involved and comes last , but the one who does n't get involved '' • By the age of two , Pistorius had their first pair of prosthetic legs and within days they had mastered them • They played waterpolo and rugby in secondary school . They also played cricket , tennis , took part in triathlons and Olympic club wrestling and was an enthusiastic boxer • In June 2003 , they shattered their knee playing rugby and on the advice of doctors took up track running to aid their rehabilitation • Pistorius has their mum 's date of birth and death tattooed on their arm
`` Not taking away from Alan 's performance , but these guys are a lot taller and you ca n't compete , '' added Pistorius , who was second in 21.52 .
`` I gave it my best . The guys are just running ridiculous times and they 're able to do so . ''
Oliveira said the comments of their `` idol '' were hard to take .
`` The length of my blades is all right , '' said the South American . `` I went through all the procedures with the referees . I believe Pistorius also knows that .
`` He is not a bad loser , they are a great athlete . I am just sad they said my blades were too big .
`` For me , they are a really great idol and to hear that from a great idol is difficult . ''
Pistorus wants the International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) to address the issue of blade length , claiming Oliveira 's knee heights are `` four inches higher than they should be '' .
`` They have their regulations and their regulations mean that some athletes can make themselves unbelievably high , '' they said .
`` The IPC do n't want to listen . We 've tried to address the issue in the weeks up to this and it 's just been falling on deaf ears . ''
The IPC said all blades adhered to strict regulations .
`` There is a rule in place regarding the length of the blades , which is determined by a formula based on the height and dynamics of the athlete , '' a spokesperson said .
`` All athletes were measured today prior to competition by a classifier and all were approved for competition . ''
Pistorius , who holds the world record for the 200m , claimed that , although it is standard procedure for prosthetic blades to be measured before competition , `` the guys rarely do the measuring in the call room '' .
Media playback is not supported on this device Pistorius fails to reach 400m final
Asked if they had changed the length of their blades between the semi-final and the final , Oliveira said : `` No . Since the first time I put them on , they 've been following the IPC rules and I 've been using them already for a whole month . ''
In 2008 , Pistorius was banned from competing in able-bodied events by the International Association of Athletics Federations , which ruled that their prosthetic limbs gave them an unfair advantage .
The ban was overturned later that year and Pistorius competed at the 2012 London Olympics , when they failed to reach the final of the 400m .
Pistorius is also set to compete in the 100m , 400m and 4x100m relay .
This falls right in line with your integrity . People know they can tell you their deepest darkest secrets and you wo n't tell a soul . Well , maybe a soul ( I mean who 's they gon na tell , right ? ) . You 're no gossip either , which is especially hard to do , being that gossip seems to be a national pastime for most folks .
Your capacity to be trusted allows others to rely on you . You can be counted upon . You have a solid foundation in all of your relationships because they are based on trust . You will have the best , fastest results in life because of the trust you have earned .
But you take it a step further . You extend trust to others as well . People give you their best because they know you trust them . They love to have a great reputation to live up to , and you provide that . So trust for you is like a double edged sword . And maybe they 'll use that sword , and you 'll be knighted . And maybe they 'll call you ... Sir Trustalot . Hmmmm ... maybe not .
West Valley communities are making a big mark on the environment — and not always a good one . Some communities have larger carbon footprints than downtown Phoenix .
Longer commutes might be one reason some West Valley cities have higher emissions than the state and national averages . ( Photo : Getty Images ) Story Highlights Cal-Berkeley researchers determined the carbon footprints of communities across the United States
Of areas around Litchfield Park 's ZIP code , Goodyear and Avondale had the largest carbon footprints
Of areas around Youngtown , Sun City and Surprise had the smallest carbon footprints
West Valley communities are making a big mark on the environment — and not always a good one .
Areas surrounding Litchfield Park and Avondale leave larger carbon footprints — carbon-dioxide emissions — compared with other West Valley cities . And areas such as Sun City and Youngtown make smaller ones , according to research from the University of California-Berkeley .
Since 2007 , dozens of Berkeley researchers have participated in the CoolClimate Network project . The project , funded by the California Air Resources Board , initially focused on helping California cities educate their populace about carbon consumption , research associate Chris Jones said . It has since expanded to measure carbon-dioxide use in cities across the United States .
Related : 85045 ZIP has AZ 's largest carbon footprint
`` One of the main goals was to help cities understand the primary drivers of greenhouse-gas emissions , '' Jones said .
The study used a number of factors to determine carbon footprinting , including motor vehicles , public transportation , air travel , household energy usage , water and waste , shelter , and food , goods and services .
Data discrepancies
Jones and fellow researchers use ZIP code data from U.S. census records to make their calculations , which include average household size and annual incomes . Because the study uses ZIP codes and not city boundaries , the city information is sometimes skewed .
For example , the 59.2 tons of carbon dioxide produced a year from ZIP code 85340 reflects not just the 3.3 square miles of Litchfield Park , but its entire 48-square-mile ZIP code .
Litchfield Park City Manager Darryl Crossman said the city 's inclusion in a large ZIP code has caused problems before . Litchfield Park occasionally gets pinned with the crime rate representing the entire area and population , not just the city 's .
Because of this , Crossman said the carbon-footprint number for Litchfield Park is `` totally inaccurate . ''
`` If you go to one of our local restaurants any night , you 'll see a number of golf carts and bicycles parked out front , '' they said . `` Litchfield Park prides itself on being a walkable , golf-cart-friendly , bicycle-friendly city . ''
Kevin Gurney , a life scientist with Arizona State University 's Global Institute of Sustainability , has mapped the carbon output in Salt Lake City , the Los Angeles Basin and Indianapolis . While Gurney said the calculator and map CoolClimate Network produced are useful , they warn that viewers `` have to understand what ( they 're ) getting . ''
Because the researchers based their information on Census Bureau data , they have to make assumptions .
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news , in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733 . Delivery : Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
When they map cities , Gurney retrieves records from local tax assessors and departments of transportation and models every structure in the city for efficiency . While the CoolClimate Network measures carbon consumption , Gurney tries to measure carbon emission .
Still , Gurney said that when it comes to pushing others to take action , both types of research are important .
`` They 're good for comparing broadly between communities , '' they said . `` These things give you a kind of feel for what 's going on . You just have to be cautious with them . ''
Jones said the Berkeley researchers are stuck with census data for now , but they hope to eventually drill down to the block-by-block level .
Jones said he 's excited the work has gained traction .
`` We sit behind a computer desk and run data and publish academic articles , but the real work needs to be done at the community level , '' they said . `` It 's really interesting us to see how communities and individuals are reacting . In a way , it 's more important than the science itself . ''
Suburbs ' big footprints
For most areas , vehicle fuel and home electricity use are the biggest contributors to a carbon footprint .
Jones said the research shows that city centers often have the smallest carbon footprint in a metropolitan area , with suburbs having the largest footprint .
Two ZIP codes for downtown Phoenix , 85004 and 85003 , have footprints of 31 and 34.7 tons of carbon dioxide a year , respectively . Both are smaller than any other footprint in metro Phoenix .
In the West Valley , eight cities were above both the 45.7-ton Arizona average and the 48.5-ton national average for carbon footprints , while four cities fell below .
One reason is that West Valley residents have longer commutes . The average Avondale resident 's commute is nearly 26 minutes , and only 12.7 percent of residents work in Avondale , according to census data . But 78 percent of downtown Phoenix residents who live in 85004 work there , too , according to the data .
Valley Metro does have bus lines running north-south through the West Valley and several that run east-west on major roads , including Camelback Road , Peoria Avenue and Buckeye Road . However , these routes do n't extend far west . Large stretches of many West Valley cities have little to no bus access .
Valley Metro representative Susan Tierney said that while the transit system has no concrete plans for West Valley expansion yet , it knows more people want transit service .
`` We 've seen a lot more interest in transit , especially in the past five years , '' Tierney said . `` I would say light rail probably has a lot to do in that shift in how we think about transit now . It 's given it a lot more positive feeling , and they 're much more accepting after experiencing light rail . ''
Yearly carbon emissions by West Valley communities How does your community compare with the national average ? Community Ytown Sun Cty Surprise Nat Avg Bckeye Tlleson Glndale Laveen Peoria Avndale Goodyr Ltchfield Tons of CO2
Reducing footprints
While Litchfield Park has no access to Valley Metro bus lines , the city does have 12 miles of pathways and 35 acres of parks , Crossman said . A significant number of Litchfield Park residents also own golf carts and use them , they added .
The city added guidelines for solar panels to the city code in 2010 following the release of its General Plan . Since 2009 , before the guidelines were in place , Litchfield Park 's Building Department has issued 114 solar-panel permits .
Youngtown 's work to retrofit its older buildings with more-efficient windows and air-conditioning as well as streamlining the application process for residential solar panels has probably helped keep the town 's carbon footprint small , Mayor Michael LeVault said . Youngtown also has made an effort to work with other West Valley cities to improve public transportation .
`` All of this thing ultimately have a big impact on reducing our carbon footprint , '' LeVault said .
Republic reporter Philip Haldiman contributed to this article .
Yearly carbon-emissions averages , by ZIP code
U.S. average : 48.5 tons of CO 2 per year .
Arizona : 45.7 tons .
Phoenix : 44.4 tons .
Litchfield Park : 59.2 tons .
Goodyear : 56.8 tons .
Avondale : 51.1 tons .
Peoria : 50.1 tons .
Laveen : 49.6 tons .
Glendale : 49.4 tons .
Tolleson : 49.1 tons .
Buckeye : 48.8 tons .
Surprise : 44.8 tons .
Sun City West : 42.8 tons .
Sun City : 39.1 tons .
Youngtown : 36.8 tons .
Source : CoolClimate Network
Read or Share this story : http : //azc.cc/1g8QWSE
Authored by Chuck Ross via The Daily Caller ,
The co-founder of the opposition research firm behind the Trump dossier testified to Congress earlier this month that they believed Russian operatives have infiltrated the National Rifle Association .
Glenn Simpson , a founding partner of Fusion GPS , casually suggested in an interview with the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence that the gun rights group had been breached , a source familiar with the matter told The Daily Caller .
Fox News first reported about Simpson 's testimony on Tuesday night .
TheDC 's source said that Simpson suggested the NRA-Russia connection in response to a line of questions from committee Democrats who asked whether any conservative groups have been infiltrated by Kremlin agents .
No evidence has been made public supporting Simpson 's allegations , and it was not clear from Simpson 's testimony what links they believe there are between the NRA and Russian agents .
The dossier , which was funded by the Clinton campaign and DNC , makes no mention of the NRA or any other conservative groups . The document , written by former British spy Christopher Steele , alleges that the Trump campaign cooperated with the Russian government in order to help Trump win the election .
News articles attempting to link Russians to the NRA have appeared with increased frequency over the past year .
The articles have keyed in on Aleksander Torshin and Maria Butina , two Russian nationals who have developed a close relationship to the pro-Second Amendment group .
The pair is lifetime members of the NRA and frequently attend the group 's events . In 2011 , Butina founded a Russian gun rights group called The Right to Bear Arms . Some NRA officials have visited Russia to attend that group 's functions .
It is not clear if Simpson was referring to Torshin , the deputy chairperson of Russia 's central bank , and Butina during their House committee interview .
Torshin and Butina entered the news again last week after the Senate Judiciary Committee cited an email sent to the Trump campaign offering a “ Russian backdoor overture and dinner meeting ” with Donald Trump .
The email , sent from a Christian values advocate named Rick Clay to Rick Dearborn , a Trump campaign official , suggested that Torshin sought face time with Trump on the sidelines of the NRA annual meeting held in Louisvillve in May 2016 .
The email made its way to Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner , who shot down the idea .
Despite that , the email was reported in the press as an attempt either by the Trump campaign to collude with Russia or as an effort by Torshin to gain access to the Trump orbit .
Torshin 's initial contact in the U.S. , a man named Johnny Yenason , said that they — and not Torshin — suggested a meeting with Trump .
Yenason told TheDC in exclusive interviews this week that they met Torshin and Butina at a National Prayer Breakfast function in Moscow in March 2016 . They contacted the pair two months later in hopes that they would attend a veterans group fundraiser that they were putting together on the sidelines of the NRA convention .
Yenason , who provided emails to back up their claim , then got in touch with Clay with the idea of asking the Trump campaign whether the Republican would be interested in attending the event and meeting Torshin .
SAN FRANCISCO — Wesley So , a Filipino grandmaster who moved to Minnetonka , Minnesota two years ago , helped the USA team win the Chess Olympiad gold medal for the first time in 40 years .
The biennial Chess Olympiad ended Sept. 13 , in Baku , Azerbaijan , with 177 countries in the Open division and 147 teams in the women 's division . USA won every country-vs.-country match in 11 rounds of play . Of the 44 individual games , it lost only three times .
ADVERTISEMENT
The U.S. win is largely attributed to Wesley So 's flawless play , which earned them an individual gold medal to go along with their team gold . So 's score was the highest of any of the U.S. players . They climb up the world rankings to No . 6 , and to No . 2 in the U.S .
So , 22 , a Filipino-born grandmaster , was the US team 's most consistent player , competing in 10 of the 11 rounds without losing a single game , racking up seven wins and three draws .
They played while suffering from a runny nose , headache and fever from a bad cold over the final three days of the tournament . They still chalked up two key wins and a draw in that period of time , according to a Startribune.com report .
The second-seeded US team beat top-seeded Russia , which has won more Chess Olympiads than any other nation , but ended up in third place this year . The United States now has three players among the world 's top seven .
Grandmaster Eugene Torre , 64 , the first grandmaster from Asia was the other victorious Filipino . Undefeated with nine wins and two draws Torre won an individual bronze . They were So 's mentor .
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Earlier this year , news broke that the Kepler planet hunting telescope was in trouble . While in orbit , Kepler relies on precision hardware called reaction wheels to keep itself pointed in a single direction . It launched with four , and it needs three to aim properly . One of the reaction wheels failed in 2012 , and a second showed signs of failure that led its controllers to put it into a fuel-saving mode that precluded further science . On August 8 , engineers attempted to restart the two failed reaction wheels , but they were unable to get them to work . Kepler 's mission is officially over .
But what a mission it was . According to NASA , the first half of the data it collected contained over 3,600 planetary candidates , 135 of which have been confirmed . Analysis is proceeding on the second half of the data now , but the first 3,600 were enough to change our perception of the Milky Way . We can now infer that it probably has at least as many planets as stars and that the most common types are small , rocky ones . Planets that are able to have liquid water on their surface are also likely to be common .
The downside of Kepler 's end is that a longer mission would identify planets further from their host stars . To identify a candidate , Kepler needs to see it pass between Earth and the star the exoplanet orbits three times . The further out a planet is , the longer one orbit takes , so the longer it will need to do three passes . As such , the existing data is heavily biased toward planets that orbit very close to their host stars ; this also means that most of the potentially habitable planets we 've spotted are orbiting dwarf stars , which are dim enough that water can remain liquid close in .
In other words , we simply have n't looked long enough to detect planets in a habitable zone around energetic stars . We have a much better picture of the diversity of exoplanets , but it 's far from a complete one .
The telescope and imaging equipment on Kepler are still functioning well , so NASA is now inviting researchers to submit proposals to use them for additional science missions that can work even with the telescope 's limited pointing capabilities . Those proposals will be evaluated later this year , at which point NASA will determine if any of them will have a scientific return that 's worth the cost of the continued operations . If not , Kepler will be retired from service .
[ From David Buchanan , frequent blog and Facebook contributor and participant in our ZAMM episode . See if that does n't make sense after reading this . ]
Richard Rorty opened one of their talks by pointing out that as Europeans see it , Pragmatism is just what the Americans could get out of Nietzsche . This joke suggests that there are many similarities but American Pragmatism is n't as deep or as dark as the author of Ecce Homo . In Podcast Episode 61 , the partially examined dudes and their guest , Jessica Berry of Georgia State , work hard to identify what Nietzsche is wagging their finger at , to identify the conception of truth that he 's attacking . As I 'll try to show , the Pragmatists attack this same conception of truth .
The pesky fact-value distinction has come up so often in recent podcast episodes that it could be turned into one of those drinking games wherein everyone has to take a shot whenever `` fact '' and `` value '' are mentioned in the same sentence or any time `` is '' and `` ought '' are opposed . There is an episode or two where playing this game would lead to a wicked hangover and a few episodes that would get you comfortably buzzed . ( Feel free to play this game as you make your way through the rest of this post , dear reader . ) The fact-value distinction comes up so often , I suppose , because it can act to derail any discussion of truth , morality and the good life . It 's like you ca n't say much about Truth until you deal with that fundamental distinction .
Radical empiricists like William James , John Dewey and Robert Pirsig each mount an attack on the distinction itself . In their book John Dewey , Robert Pirsig , and the Art of Living , David Granger says , `` Dewey 's main point is that the common belief in the separation of the domains of science and value is ultimately parasitic on a false separation of our cognitive and affective lives , the 'objective ' and 'subjective ' modes of our relations with the world . '' ( Art of Living 77 ) This a central point for Pirsig as well . `` Value is not at the tail-end of a series of superficial scientific deductions , '' they write . `` Value is at the very front of the empirical procession . '' ( Lila 365 ) `` Values , '' Dewey argues , `` constitute a vital strand in the fabric of the full lived situation '' . ( Art of Living 70 ) In other words , they argue that values are an indispensable feature of our experience and are already present at the very roots of perception and thought .
All of these radical empiricists begin with a rejection of subject-object dualism and the correspondence theory of Truth , which says our subjective ideas are true insofar as they correspond to objective reality or represent things as they really are . On the correspondence view , morals and values are n't going to be fully real until somebody spots them under a microscope , detects them with a brain scanner or otherwise establishes them as `` objectively '' real . Dewey , James and Pirsig 's all take the view that subject-object dualism , as well as mind-body dualism and all other dualisms , are the products of thought and not pre-existing ontological realities . They are thought categories that we 've carved out because they serve our interests , as Dr. Berry might say .
We do n't discover the world 's natural joints so much as we invent concepts like `` inner '' and `` outer '' as basic categories into which we sort our experience . These conceptual distinctions are secondary additions but they are very often mistaken as referring to mind-independent ontological realities that make experience possible . Dewey and James argue that experience itself is the primary empirical reality , that experience itself is the basic lifeworld in which we feel , think and act . The front edge of experience is what Robert Pirsig calls Quality , what William James calls Pure Experience and John Dewey calls it the Situational Whole . On this view , having an experience directly and immediately is to `` know '' the experience in the sense of basic familiarity , but this is distinguished from `` knowing '' in the conceptual sense .
The criticism of dualism is an opposition to objectivity as an epistemological or methodological stance . `` There 's this pseudo-scientific myth , '' Pirsig writes , `` that when you 're 'objective ' you just disappear from the face of the earth and see everything undistorted , as it really is , like God from heaven . But that 's rubbish . '' ( Lila 32 ) As Granger notes , this pretense at objectivity is mocked as `` methodological solipsism '' and , my favorite , `` immaculate perception '' . It 's a bit like mocking the `` myth of the given '' , but it 's funnier . `` Since reflection and inquiry always involve a purposive act of selection from within a larger situational whole , the fact-value distinction is bound to dissolve at some point , '' Dewey says , `` and with it the supposed autonomy of facts and factual discourse . ''
Pirsig illustrates this point with an analogy wherein the situational whole , the immediate flux of experience itself , is like an endless landscape of awareness while our conceptual understandings are just a handful of sand which has been taken from that endless landscape . That handful has been selected , they argue , not simply given . The obvious implication is that conceptual or reflective consciousness is just the tip of the iceberg and we experience far more than we can deliberately ponder -or even consciously notice . Even for the hardest of hard-nosed physicist , there must be some body of `` values or goods informing the scientist as to what constitutes meaningful avenues of inquiry , or even what sort of situations is experienced as problematic , '' Granger explains . `` What is more , values are clearly necessary if inquirers are to establish the pertinent facts or data of analysis . '' ( Art of Living 74 ) There is also a common sense point to be made here : scientists are people with moral obligations to their own particular practice ( no cheating ! ) and to the larger society . `` Both [ Dewey and Pirsig ] want us to understand that without values , no facts could exist . '' ( Art of Living 74 )
In the land of New Britannia there exists a musician of great renown . Their name is Holt Ironfell , a grandmaster bard and founder of an alliance of artists with a very special gift . Unlike most bards , whose works are trapped and lost in the memories of those who hear them , the songs written by the Poets ' Circle are woven into the fabric of New Britannia itself—no less tangible than the castles and sprawling meadows that stretch across its countryside . Holt Ironfell is just a fictional character in Richard Garriott 's MMO , Shroud of the Avatar , but their real-life counterpart , James , does n't just pretend to be a bard , they are one .
The Poets ' Circle is n't your average MMO guild , and Ironfell is n't your average MMO player . Shroud of the Avatar might come from Garriott 's imagination , but the music that helps bring it to life comes from theirs . To date , The Poets ' Circle has been commissioned to compose over 80 songs that now form the official soundtrack for Shroud of the Avatar . They grew from a haphazard assortment of fans into a troupe of musicians who , right alongside Garriott himself , are shaping a new chapter of roleplay surrounding Lord British . As James tells me , it 's a journey that has impacted their life . `` Making music for Shroud of the Avatar was the most fun I 've had gaming , '' James says . `` It remains a fascinating experience which has brought music full force into my life . ''
A song for Lord British
There was a time before Holt Ironfell when James was just James , a film student with a passion for roleplaying and an adoration for Garriott 's Ultima IV on Commodore 64 . They tell me that , growing up , those experiences and Garriott 's injection of morality into their games were an important creative inspiration . But where most are drawn to the concept of roleplaying as a heroic warrior or a powerful wizard , James was captivated by the idea of bards . `` They 're half adventurers and half rockstars , '' they laugh . `` I always liked Garriott 's portrayal of them as a kind of rogue . ''
I did n't even know that we 'd end up making the music for the game .
While drawn to their puckish attitude , unlike bards , James did n't have any real affinity or skill for playing music . Instead , they were studying film and loathing every minute of it . `` I hated it , '' they say . `` I hated managing all that equipment and shooting video and waiting around on set . '' While editing one video , they decided to tinker with Garageband , a simple piece of music software , because they were tired of having to navigate copyright laws surrounding the use of music in their films . `` I started making very amateurish , self-taught music—I did n't think , at the time , it would go anywhere . ''
In 2013 , Shroud of the Avatar wrapped up a successful Kickstarter campaign that drew in just under two million dollars in funding . Inspired by the campaign 's success , James decided to start a guild for amateur musicians like them to play together . `` I 'm very fond of MMOs . I 'd seen guilds really take off when they got in early , and I decided there was obviously an opportunity staring me in the face . I did n't even know that we 'd end up making the music for the game . ''
They began approaching other MMO players who had , for a long time , been making parody songs , covers , and original works based around their favorite games . Slowly , James began collecting a roster of seriously talented musicians , including the likes of Sharm , a WoW parody artist , and the Space Bards ( now called Recap ) , who performed at Blizzcon 2013 . Before long , the Poets ' Circle was a guild packed with talent and itching to put it to use .
Earlier this year , I spoke with Richard Garriott about the stress of designing what would become a massive MMO using their fans ' money . `` It makes you really not want to screw it up , '' they said . `` You feel this much deeper beholding to the backers . You then also realize that there 's some chance that this wo n't work—there are lots of ways this could go wrong . You want to make sure that no one thinks you 're wasting their money and you want to provide people as much entertainment along the way just in case it all falls apart . ''
That conviction led Garriott and Portalarium , Shroud of the Avatar 's developer , to pull back the curtain on development and be as transparent as possible . If they failed , Garriott hoped that at least the journey would be an interesting one . To that end , the first pre-alpha release was a single room with a chicken in it . As the months went by and that single room expanded to become New Britannia , one thing stuck out to James and their guild : the music kind of sucked . `` They did n't have a plan , '' they tell me . `` They had music , but they did n't have a music director so it was n't cohesive . ''
A picture of James ' home studio .
Considering that Ultima V 's `` Stones , '' a song penned by bowyer and real-life bard David `` Iolo '' Watson and Kathleen `` Gwenno '' Jones , became the anthem for a generation of Ultima fans , Shroud of the Avatar 's lack of musical direction was disappointing . Two million dollars is far from pocket change , but compared to the average budget for an MMO , it kind of was . Without the money afford a proper musical score , Portalarium began buying generic 'clipart ' music from various online libraries .
But Portalarium 's transparent process of development inspired people like James to donate more than just their money—they wanted to donate their talent too . Fans began reaching out to Garriott , sending them their compositions to be considered for Shroud of the Avatar . The only problem being that what James and the other artists tried to contribute was n't much better . `` The first time we had people attempt to give us stuff in any of those areas , it was n't good , '' Garriott said , explaining that everything players were showing them did n't fit their vision—it was either too modern , too orchestrated , or too atmospheric . After months of rejection , James decided to email Garriott personally and ask a very simple favor : `` Tell us what you would like . ''
`` Only at that moment , did I realize what a disservice I had been doing the community , '' Garriott wrote in an update .
`` We asked them to give us a spreadsheet that lists all the zones that he 'd need music for and give us a little bit of lore and description about the zones and a 'bounty ' of money that he 'd pay for each track , '' James explains .
I was literally moved to tears . In a few short weeks , we went from zero accepted pieces of work , to about 100 percent .
Garriott took the Circle 's request seriously , offering a competitive commission for each of the musical scores that they needed for their game . `` It quickly turned into an opportunity for Portalarium to engage their community in a very professional way , '' James says , `` and meet in this awesome middleground of , okay , we 're going to do this right . ''
The guild established a board for vetting every single track submitted by the community , developing a rigorous system of critiquing to ensure whatever tracks they passed onto Garriott were the absolute best they could make . After weeks of composing and critiquing , Holt Ironfell and the Poets ' Circle approached Garriott with their first selection of songs designed with their feedback . `` I was literally moved to tears , '' Garriott wrote . `` In a few short weeks , we went from zero accepted pieces of work , to about 100 percent . ''
When Shroud of the Avatar 's next update released , James and the others logged in to hear their own music accompanying their journey through New Britannia . For James , that was their song Dance of Fawns . `` I 'd listened to it hundreds of times when composing it but playing the game to it was something else entirely , '' they say . `` It really made the adventure come alive—it was truly magical . '' For the first time in history , a guild of people roleplaying as bards had , unbelievably , become ones in their own right .
Multiplayer music
As the months went by , Portalarium commissioned 82 songs from the community and Lord British even went so far as to canonize the Poets ' Circle by officially recognizing them as the gatekeepers of the Shroud of the Avatar soundtrack . Today , they are a collective of over two dozen musicians of every skill level , sharing and collaborating as part of a guild that has as much life outside of the game as it does within it . `` What we 've done has never been done , and I think it is the way of the future for making music [ in games ] , '' James says , explaining how that collaborations has motivated them to dive deeper into their passion for music , researching theory and composition while also acquiring better equipment . He 's now composing for short films as well as their own albums , but hopes the Poets ' Circle can also expand their clients beyond Portalarium . And it 's there that I think the real beauty of Garriott 's MMO is found—how their stories motivate people to create their own . `` He breathes life into everything , '' James says .
My favorite aspect of Ultima was never the games , but the way Garriott made Lord British a character that exists in both fiction and reality . That somehow , impossibly , their worlds can exist beyond my hard drive . For decades , that kind of magic seemed exclusive to Garriott and their friends like David `` Iolo '' Watson . But Shroud of the Avatar seems to open that possibility to anyone . Perhaps the true legacy of Lord British is n't in the quality of the games they make , but the way they inspire those who play them to be something more . It 's common for the characters we create to be a reflection of us , but how rare and beautiful is it when we become more like them ? If you want to know , just ask the grandmaster bard of the Poets ' Circle , Holt Ironfell .
Recently noted Pot Limit Omaha authority and noted CardPlayer Magazine columnist Jeff Hwang wrote an excellent essay on the topic of All-In EV . With Jeff 's permission , we have reprinted their essay which originally was published in Cardplayer Magazine on September 12 , 2011 . We hope that this article will be helpful in eliminating the common misconceptions about the All-In EV stat which is found in PokerTracker 3 , and in turn encourage discussion of this stat 's new name in PokerTracker 4 - All In Equity . Take it away Jeff !
Due to popular demand from online poker players , Hold'em Manager and PokerTracker 3 both include versions of a controversial and poorly understood statistic in their poker-tracking software called “ All-In EV. ” The idea behind this stat is to enable the user to determine whether they are running above , below , or around expectation .
There are a couple of problems with the All-In EV stat in either form :
It 's not EV . It should be obvious given some thought , but EV by definition is forward-looking . EV stands for expected value , and as such is a forward-looking concept . The All-In EV stat , on the other hand , is results oriented , adjusting results based on actual hands shown . ( Technically speaking , the term “ results-adjusted win ” would be more accurate ! ) Consequently , my sources tell me that the stat will be renamed “ All-In Equity ” in the upcoming PokerTracker 4 .
It does n't work . The stat is perfectly accurate for heads-up players . However , unless you only play heads-up poker , a player 's expected win ( the All-In EV stat ) and actual amount won lines essentially ca n't ever actually be expected to converge , regardless of the software you are using . There are two primary reasons why the stat does n't work for anything but heads-up play . One is problems accounting for All-In EV in multi-way pots , and the other is trying to account for “ EV ” ( results-oriented win ) on online poker sites where the opponent 's holecards are only revealed at showdown if Hero loses , but not if Hero wins .
We 'll discuss those problems in a minute , but first let 's talk about how the stat is supposed to work .
All-In EV in Theory
The first thing that is important to realize is that the All-In EV stat is not calculated every hand . What the stat does is take situations in which Hero is all in and adjusts the amount won accordingly , based on Hero 's equity at the point Hero went all in .
Let 's say it 's a $ 1- $ 2 no-limit hold'em game online with $ 200 stacks .
Preflop ( $ 3 ) : The cutoff ( $ 200 ) opens with a raise to $ 7 holding J♦ J♥ . Hero ( $ 200 ) reraises to $ 22 on the button holding A♠ K♠ . Both blinds fold , and the cutoff calls .
Flop ( $ 45 ) : 3♠ 2♠ 2♥ . The cutoff checks . Hero bets $ 40 . The cutoff raises all in for $ 178 total . Hero calls .
Turn ( $ 403 ) : 8♦
River ( $ 403 ) : A♥ . Hero wins with two pairs , aces and deuces , king kicker .
In this case , according to the odds calculator in the Alpha version of PokerTracker 4 , Hero has 49.596 % equity on the flop , which is the player 's all-in equity . The player 's expected value ( EV ) is the total pot size times the player 's equity in the pot , and their EV-adjusted win is this amount minus the player 's contribution to the pot .
EV = ( 49.596 % ) ( $ 403 ) = $ 199.87
All-In EV = $ 199.87 – $ 200 = - $ 0.13 .
Player Amount Won All-In Equity Pot Size EV Contribution to Pot All-In EV
Hero $ 203 49.596 % $ 403 $ 199.87 $ 200 - $ 0.13
Villain - $ 200 50.404 % $ 403 $ 203.13 $ 200 $ 3.13
Essentially , instead of getting credit for winning $ 203 , the player 's win is adjusted for expected value , and their actual expectation was a net loss of $ 0.13 . On the other hand , the villain gets credit for an All-In EV of $ 3.13 .
In the short run , the Amount Won and EV stats will diverge by default . You can see why this is so from the example : Where the two players had All-In EVs ranging from - $ 0.13 to $ 3.13 , one player had to win a whole stack , while the other player had to lose a whole stack . And so , over a sample of one hand — the shortest term — these stats will fail to converge .
However , over the long run — say a million hands or so — the Amount Won and EV lines for this situation will tend to converge . As some would say , the results and expectations should eventually even out .
Or at least they would if we could accurately account for multi-way pots , which we ca n't .
Problems Accounting for Multi-Way Pots
The problem that both Hold'em Manager and PokerTracker 3 have with accounting for multi-way pots has to do with unknown holecards . In order to make an accurate “ EV ” ( results-oriented ) calculation , the software must know the holecards of all players in the hand at the time Hero went all-in — even the holecards of the hands that were folded .
Of course , unless you are a superuser , this is impossible to know .
Let 's say it 's no-limit hold'em and three players put in $ 25 each before the flop . The starting stack sizes and hands are as follows :
Hero ( $ 100 ) — A♠ A♦
Villain A ( $ 400 ) — K♠ K♦
Villain B ( $ 400 ) — 9♠ 9♦
Flop ( $ 75 ) : 3♠ 2♦ 2♥ . Hero pushes all in for $ 75 , and both Villain A and Villain B call .
Turn ( $ 300 ) : XX ( any card ) . Villain A pushes all in for $ 225 , and Villain B ( ? ) .
Here 's the problem : Let 's say Villain B only calls if the turn is the 9♥ or 9♣ — that is , if they can beat A-A — but folds if the turn is any other card . What happens is that 41 out of 43 times , for the purposes of the All-In EV calculation , Hero shows up as having 91.616 percent all-in equity against the K-K hand . However , two out of 43 times , Hero shows up as having 82.946 percent equity against both the K-K and 9-9 hand . This happens even though Hero was all in against both opponents at the time Hero went all in .
This is clearly incorrect .
EV if Turn is Non-9 ( 41 out of 43 cards )
Player All-In Equity Pot Size EV All-In EV
Hero 91.616 % $ 300 $ 274.84 $ 174.84
EV if Turn is 9 ( 2 out of 43 cards )
Player All-In Equity Pot Size EV All-In EV
Hero 82.946 % $ 300 $ 248.84 $ 148.84
Consequently , if poker-tracking software were to count this hand in its All-In EV calculation — as Hold'em Manager appears to do — the software will systematically overestimate Hero 's All-In EV . As a result , users as a group will tend to appear unlucky .
PokerTracker 3 , on the other hand , does the opposite and does not account for this hand at all for the purposes of calculating All-In EV , and instead only makes the “ EV ” adjustment when all holecards of callers are known . Unfortunately , this method is not quite optimal either , as accounting for multi-way pots in which all cards are known without accounting for multi-way pots in which hands are folded should result in a smaller bias in the other direction ( i.e. , the user should theoretically appear slightly lucky rather than very unlucky ) , but a bias nonetheless .
Problems with Sites That Do n't Reveal Opponent 's Holecards Unless Hero Loses
In addition to multi-way pots , there 's another trouble spot with EV stats , and that is sites that do n't reveal holecards unless the Hero is beat . Most Americans who had played primarily on Full Tilt or PokerStars may not be aware of this , but non-U.S.-facing sites such as Boss , Everleaf , and Yatahay , as well as the U.S.-facing Bodog site , do exactly that — even in all-in situations — if requested by the user . In addition , OnGame reveals mucked cards in their web replayer , but there is no way for poker-tracking software to retrieve this data in an automated fashion .
That said , trying to calculate EV using only hands in which Hero is beat would produce the same bias presented in the multi-way pot example — All-In “ EV ” would systematically be overestimated , and Hero would tend to appear to be very unlucky — except likely to a much larger degree .
Consequently , PokerTracker 3 does not account for All-In EV at all on these sites .
A Stat with No Meaning
The bottom line is that unless you are a heads-up only player , “ EV ” stats are going to be of limited value , and they truly are stats with no real meaning . In order for it to work 100 percent of the time and cover all situations , the software would have to be able to create hand ranges for your opponents in these situations , which is another problem entirely . And so , unless the stat-tracking software only makes “ EV ” or “ luck ” adjustments in heads-up only situations , any All-In EV stat of any name in any form is going to be biased in one direction or the other .
Summary : 1 ) It 's not EV , and 2 ) Unless you only play heads up , the stat does n't work — no matter what software you use .
Lee is one of the best pinball players in the world . Megan Willett/Tech Insider Modern Pinball , a place filled with flashing lights and the sound of metal on plastic , is the best arcade in New York City .
That 's according to Yelp , where it has a near perfect rating from over 100 customers .
`` We decided we wanted to do something to bring pinball back , '' Steve Zahler , the owner of Modern Pinball , told Tech Insider . `` I feel like we 're on a mission you know ? I feel like we 're doing something really good for the public . ''
Two years after opening up shop , Modern Pinball has clientele ranging from kids who come in with their parents to some of the best pinball players in the world — we even got to watch one of them in the flesh .
Keep reading to see what it 's like inside Modern Pinball , the 4.5-star arcade that 's the best in New York .
Third party candidates have gained much more visibility in this election than ever before . Petitions to include third party candidates in the normally two-sided presidential debates have gotten more traction as a result . Gary Johnson and Jill Stein are perhaps the two most well-known third party candidates running in this election representing the Libertarian and Green Parties , respectively . Let 's be honest though , could these candidates get enough votes to matter in the election , let alone become president ? The answer is a firm no .
While scrolling through Facebook , one of my friends shared a transcript of Dan Savage 's Savage Lovecast . It is fair to say that Savage and I are on completely opposite ends of the political spectrum . As such , I do n't really read or listen to them when something pops up about him ; however , the title caught my attention and I gave it a read . While I disagree with the diction used to explain their grievances with third party candidates , I have to agree with the points they made about how third parties operate in the US elections . I have said it would be a cold day in Hell when I agree with Dan Savage , so I hope Satan enjoyed their snow day .
This election has proved that many of us are tired of the two party system , yet we are so polarized we do n't have much of an option if we really want our voices to be heard . Third parties can be a solution , but where are they ? We see them pop up every four years , but what about in between those years ? Currently , only 23 states have ever had a third party member of their state legislature . Presently , the number of seats for independent party members numbers in the single digits for all congress . Even fewer are governors of a state . Since I became involved in politics in 2008 , I have closely watched elections in Washington , Virginia , and Georgia . I have yet to see third party candidates campaign as hard for local and state level positions as I have seen them try for presidential elections . That is the point Savage and I agree on -- we do n't see these candidates working from the bottom up . They are trying to climb to the top using a ladder that has no rungs .
This is not something that can be changed in the next four years . Third parties will need to unify and work from the ground up if they even want to influence the elections . Gary Johnson and Jill Stein , this year will not be your year . Try again in the 2024 or 2028 elections when you have a better base built and America knows you better . We do n't have to be a two party system forever , but it is up to the third parties and their constituents to get it together to make the change happen .
Posted March 17 , 2015
Swedish fans of indierock might know Jukka Rintamäki and Johan Skugge for being in two of the most influential swedish indie bands during the 90 's ; Silverbullit respectively Yvonne , but for the international audience it is probably the soundtracks for the computer games Battlefield 3 and 4 that has put them on the map of contemporary electronic music . This also mark their wide sonic spectra as artists ; from guitardriven indierock to eclectic instrumental soundscapes . No Science is definitely the melting pot and the result of the duo 's vast experience of creating music from such diverse platforms and their debut album under the none scientific moniker is no exception . “ Lucky Resident ” is a journey to the most creative side of Rintamäki and Skugge 's common artistic platform , probing the boundaries of future music . The album finishes off with “ Familiar Skies ” , an epic track and duet between Jukka Rintamäki and fellow swedish artist El Perro del Mar , which beautifully end a timeless album .
Listen the album : Spotify / iTunes
DMCA Nonsense : Your Default Login Page Is A Ripoff Of Our Default Login Page !
from the username-then-password , -what-a-work-of-art dept
No matter how brazenly people abuse the DMCA takedown process , and no matter how ridiculous the notices get , it seems like there 's always someone waiting to do something even stupider . This latest incident , submitted by Anonymous American , is a serious contender for the crown dunce cap : a DMCA takedown over a login page .
And not just any login page , but the barely-modified default login page of an open source website platform , which the operators of iPhotographyCourse.com claim infringes on ... their own barely-modified default login page of a different open source website platform . Yeah . Jenny McCann , who runs the Institute of Photography website built on the Moodle content management system , received a takedown notice claiming that their login page was infringing . When they asked for clarification , they were simply told `` entire page copied '' . Here 's the supposedly infringing page :
And here 's the `` original '' :
Even at first glance , the claim is obviously idiotic . There is nothing similar about the pages beyond the purely functional login page elements . But things get really amusing when you realize that the iPhotographyCourse page is virtually unaltered from the default Wordpress login page :
The only expressive choices—a requirement of copyright protection—are the inclusion of the logo ( the rather poor inclusion , as there are visible artifacts at the top of the image that show the logo was sloppily clipped from the site 's front page banner , meaning the designer did n't even have a copy of it on hand ) and the rounding of the button corners ( which may actually just be a Wordpress version discrepancy ) . As if that was n't enough , the supposedly infringing login page is itself just a minor modification of the default Moodle page :
A new frame , color scheme and accent image—nothing major , but actually significantly more design changes than the iPhotographyCourse page , and far more likely to qualify for some level of copyright protection . And , quite clearly , in no way an infringing copy .
According to later comments from McCann on the Moodle forum thread , the login page was specifically included among other items in the takedown which related to actual content on the site . It could be that there is more merit to the other complaints , but McCann does not believe there is , and judging from the utter stupidity of this example , I 'm inclined to suspect she 's right . Either way , the people behind iPhotographyCourse , like so many before them , have exposed their true intentions by targeting such an obviously non-infringing page : this is n't about protecting intellectual property , but interfering with competition by abusing the DMCA process . Either that , or they are tragic victims of our ownership culture who also have n't logged into a website in the past ten years .
Filed Under : abuse , censorship , dmca , iphotographycourse , login
With intensifying Russian involvement in what started out as a popular democratic protest against the Ukrainian government , the entire world is anxiously watching as the newest crisis in the region unfolds . Below is a compilation of scholarly articles published in International Studies Quarterly that might give readers a better understanding of the current situation .
When will the Ukraine crisis be resolved ?
1 . Militarized disputes between democracies do not go away easily – the majority of the disputes between democracies in the post-WWII are not resolved . [ Mitchell & Prins , 1999 ]
Why did Russia get involved ?
2 . Global peace is supported by international bargains and by domestic financial bargains . Yet , non-tax revenues might encourage a country to challenge the global peace [ McDonald , 2011 ]
Will the USA , EU , and/or other parties get involved ?
3 . Great powers ' involvement in regional conflicts depend on the intensity of the conflict and likelihood of successful resolution . [ Miller & Kagan , 1997 ] explain the process through the example of the Balkans in the post-Cold War Era .
4 . Economic relations between countries , especially economic interdependence , between countries willing to support Ukraine and Russia are likely to be influential in a country 's decision . [ Papayoanou , 1997 ]
5 . Diplomatic relations among the actors help them coordinate their actions and reveal information about their strategies . [ Ramsay , 2011 ] discusses the role of bargaining on the probability of war .
6 . The decision to support Ukraine in this specific case might be influenced by earlier EU/USA-Ukraine relations . [ Zagare & Kilgour , 2003 ] present a game theory approach to crisis bargaining . [ Crescenzi et al , 2012 ] argue for the role of prior alliance relations .
7 . Western leaders might get punished by their electorate if they fail to defend an ally . [ Clare , 2013 ] argues that the public will react only if they care about the issue at stake , therefore , alliances are only important if the other country is deemed as having a great strategic importance .
Will there be further military action ?
8 . [ Harvey , 1999 ] closely examines the concept of “ deterrence ” in international relations and lists relevant variables .
9 . “ Deterrence ” from a military action depends on the involvement of all the actors in the international system . [ Lupovici , 2010 ] argues that an actor should be away of the deterrence processes if it is to be discouraged from a certain action .
( Justin Sullivan / Getty Images )
OPINION |
In a recent impassioned speech , Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren used the word “ anarchy ” repeatedly to describe the tea party 's role in the ongoing government shutdown . So did Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who said on the Senate floor that “ anarchists have taken over . ”
If only that were true .
The figure of the anarchist has long dominated our national imagination . It 's a word that conjures up the lawless , the nihilistic and even the violent . It 's the image Senators Reid and Warren invoked in their talking points against the Republicans , and it 's the image law enforcement officials use over and over again to break up protests and illegally surveil social movements .
But political hooligans like those in the tea party are giving anarchism a bad name . In fact , they 're not really anarchists at all .
Real anarchist communities operate according to radically democratic principles . They theorize , and even organize , with egalitarian political and social visions in mind . Unlike tea party obstinacy , anarchism promotes cooperative forms of decision-making—not only in political life , but in social and economic institutions as well . Co-op book and grocery stores , community gardens , employee-owned businesses , land trusts and cooperative housing projects , as well as grassroots relief efforts like Occupy Sandy , are just a few examples of anarchist praxis at work in our society .
Anarchism is not lawless , but it does involve a critique of the state . Anarchists encourage us to place a burden of proof on existing authority structures , and push us to limit , or even dismantle , the power of institutions , regulations and individuals whose authority proves to be illegitimate .
That might sound at first like the tea party 's rallying cry , but there are important distinctions . Anarchists want to prefigure , within their own communities , the egalitarian societies they seek to create . In a political system like ours , which is dominated by money interests , they do not acknowledge institutions like the U.S. Congress as legitimate representatives of everyday people , nor as agents of a truly free , democratic society .
The tea party is trying to diffuse the power of centralized government , but , paradoxically , they 're using big corporate heads and political figures within centralized government to get there . When billionaire conservatives like David and Charles Koch are able to use the tea party as a fig leaf for promoting corporate deregulation , that does not anarchism make .
Despite their anti-authoritarianism , some of today 's anarchists concede that states can serve socially important functions like ensuring sound infrastructure , basic consumer protections and comprehensive social welfare ( though they believe such services are better executed with decentralized communities ) . But they do not support coercive aspects of state sovereignty , such as those operative in our military and criminal justice systems , and institutions like the NSA . The tea party claims to be for small government , but it calls for a strong centralized military and highly militarized law enforcement , especially with regard to undocumented immigrants .
Anarchists seek to promote autonomy and challenge forms of control in other realms of social life as well , such as the family , religion and our education system . Tea partiers , by contrast , support highly conservative efforts that seek to restrain sexual freedom , impose the denial of climate change in our schools , and privilege Judeo-Christian values .
So if the tea party is not anarchist , what is ? It 's closer to what we 've seen with pro-democracy movements around the world—in Brazil , Turkey , Spain , Egypt and here at home—where large segments of society lost faith in their elected leadership and refused to recognize their authority . In all of these countries , activists rejected formal political organization , and instead created all-inclusive , leaderless movements to test the potential for social and political change from below .
In Egypt , they ousted a dictator . In Turkey and Brazil , they advocated for policy change . In Europe , they scored a financial transactions tax and , in some countries , a curb on CEO pay . In the United States , they highlighted the problem of the “ 1 percent. ” And in each case , they did this without ceding their grassroots social movement power to political elites .
Anarchists believe , ultimately , in the power of people , not the people in power . The truth is , our top political and economic institutions are not really structured as representative bodies . The idea of representation is being used today to legitimize the vast decision-making powers of a ruling elite , of which tea party politicians are a part , who exercise an inordinate level of influence in our political and social system .
The ongoing government shutdown is putting the problem of American democracy and its relationship to social inequality back on the table . The real source of this governmental impasse is the fundamental marginalization of everyday Americans from political life—from the circles of power in which key decisions are being made ( or not being made ) about our well-being and future .
Reid and Warren 's misuse of the term “ anarchism ” thus presents us with a terrific irony : If anarchists had indeed taken over Congress , then the American people might be invited to collectively decide our fate , rather than entrust it to representatives of a powerful few . But a government by all , and leadership by many , is precisely what our politicians fear—on both sides of the aisle . Anarchism seeks to diffuse power based on hubris , superiority and the conceited pursuit of wealth , and re-root it in democratic principles and egalitarian ethics . Given our current situation , that does n't sound like such a bad thing .
Heather Gautney is author of `` Protest and Organization in the Alternative Globalization Era '' ( Palgrave ) . They are an associate professor of sociology at Fordham University .
Note : This post has been updated . The original version said that many anarchists think the state is sometimes better equipped than decentralized communities to provide certain social services . The language has since been refined for accuracy .
Updated : Showtime says Lynch will direct the whole thing , which will now consist of more than the nine episodes the cabler originally ordered .
How 's this for a way to start the weekend : Showtime 's Twin Peaks revival is all systems go .
Following a squabble with Showtime , David Lynch announced Friday via Twitter that they have resolved their salary and budgetary standoff with the premium cable network .
`` Dear Twitter Friends , the rumors are not what they seem ..... It is ! ! ! Happening again . # TwinPeaks returns on @ SHO_Network , '' they wrote .
Not only is the stalemate over , but Showtime has committed to producing more than the nine episodes originally ordered .
`` This damn fine cup of coffee from Mark and David tastes more delicious than ever , '' Showtime president David Nevins said in a statement Friday confirming the news . `` Totally worth the extra brewing time and the cup is even bigger than we expected . David will direct the whole thing which will total more than the originally announced nine hours . Preproduction starts now ! ! ”
The news comes a month and a half after Lynch announced that they were exiting Showtime 's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute . They originally signed on to direct the project but noted that there was `` not enough money offered to do the script the way I felt needed to be done . ''
Showtime already had a deal in place with Lynch and co-creator Mark Frost to bring back the cult hit with star Kyle MacLachlan for a run in 2016 , with sources telling THR that the scripts had already been written . For its part , Showtime at the time noted that it `` continues to hold out hope '' that Twin Peaks can be brought back with both its creators at the helm .
Following Lynch 's outburst , the cast teamed for a video backing the beloved director that went viral as part of a # SaveTwinPeaks campaign that said doing the show without Lynch is `` like pies without cherries '' in a nod to the cult series .
Email : Lesley.Goldberg @ THR.com
Twitter : @ Snoodit
Workamping is one of the jobs which a lot of people tend to be unfamiliar with . While most jobs we know require us to report to a particular office , stay there and work for 8 , 10 or even more than half a day , then get paid at the end of a month or week , the job of a Workamper does not really work like this . If you 're curious and would want to know how then this is article aims to answer some of the questions that may come across your mind about them .
More ...
Where does the word Workamper come from ?
Workamper is often the term given to those who are into Workamping . Workamping is a term which is a portmanteau of the words “ Work ” , and “ Camping ” , and does not come as a surprise given that this is the very nature of their work as well .
The term itself is created by and is an officially registered trademark of Workamper News.The use of the term started out in the late 1980 's , and despite the many misconceptions regarding their work , is still widely used at present .
What does a Workamper do ?
​There are practically no limitations , and no solid definition as to what a Workamper does . Basically , a workamper can be anything they or they desire to be . While this job is fairly common among retirees , Workampers can be anything from simple car drivers and construction workers to people owning a business on wheels to other more complicated jobs , such as mobile food service , flea markets , and other types of businesses .
​All that you have to do in order for you to be qualified to be called a Workamper is to have your RV or Recreational Vehicle , go around places using it , and then choose what kind of expertise you would want to take on . It 's really that simple .
​This particular kind of job , while not as familiar as other conventional jobs , is still popular enough to actually even have a magazine with content made especially for them released and distributed on a regular basis .
​Moreover , the job of Workampers , which can also be voluntary instead of something which requires applications , could range from as quick as 1 month to as long as half a year .
One of the popular areas among which Workampers work is through ranches . The following video shows just one of the many possible things Workampers can do :
Who is into Workamping ?
Basically , anyone can be a Workamper . Those who are not content with staying in a particular place for long periods of time and those who would want to travel places after several years at work are the ones you commonly find Workamping . It 's both for recreational and for business purposes , as a lot of these Workampers find the time to unwind and relax in places they go to .
They are people of all ages , and across different social statuses , who are into a lot of different fields . Some of these Workampers actually even work for the government , and work for various companies , regardless of how big or how small they actually are.A lot of these Workampers are into adventure , as they use their Recreational Vehicles to go to places , most of which are those they have long wanted to visit , and those in which a lucrative market for whatever services they offer is present .
Those who are into Workamping can either be those who want a productive and active form of lifestyle , even after they retire from their regular jobs or those who simply want to enjoy cash , and other perks of being a Workamper . Furthermore , those who are into Workamping can either be those who want to experience a brand-new way of living , or those who wish to begin an adventure of a lifetime , without sacrificing having to leave work behind and still having the opportunity to make money for a living .
How do you become a Workamper and How much do you get paid ?
https : //www.workamper.com/ is one of the sites which cater to the needs of Workampers . Just like any other job , you need a resume , complete with details on your working background . Despite the fact that a lot of these Workampers are in for an adventure , they still allot a part of their day entirely for work . The pay is and the number of hours by which you work is both highly variable .
Some companies which make use of Workampers require you to work 15 to 20 hours in a single week , and you can be paid as low as $ 5 , to as high as $ 12 , or even $ 20 an hour . Other companies also hire volunteers for the job , making the application process a lot less tedious .
Furthermore , there are also several volunteer positions up for grabs from either the Bureau of Land Management , U.S. Forest Service , Reclamation Bureau , the U.S . Fish & Wildlife Service . Positions include interpreters , center attendants , caretakers , and so on .
If you wanted to have a more in-depth view on how you can effectively look for Workamper jobs , then you might as well check this video out :
Final Thoughts
Workampers , despite being easily mistaken for other kinds of jobs , and despite the fact that quite a lot of people are oblivious to the existence of this kind of work , is still popular among quite a number of people , in a sense that there even is a circulating publication which is specifically geared towards them .
This is a kind of work which is popular among those who have recently retired , but would want to spend a lot of their time , still earning money for themselves , while getting the chance to see places which they have n't had the chance to back when they were still working .
But then , being a workamper is open to all , and just like any other kind of job , is still subject to application and scrutiny by employers , and no matter how tempting it may be to just use it for the sake of roaming around , is one which should still be taken seriously .
Nicky celebrates their hat trick . ( Photo credit : KHL.ru )
Fresh off their week-long break for national team competition , Alex Ovechkin , Nicklas Backstsrom , and the rest of Dynamo Moscow crew returned to action Wednesday against infamous Vityaz Chekhov . It was worth the wait . Backstrom , who finally switched their number during the Karjala Cup break , went APE NUTS in their new 69 jersey , registering their first career KHL hat trick and scoring the game 's decisive goal – an overtime game-winner .
While Backstrom was dominant , registering six shots during 22:04 of ice time , their BFF Ovi was no slouch either , assisting on one of Nicky 's goals and firing nine shots on net in 27:05 of game action .
Now let 's see these goals .
Backstrom 's goals can be seen at the 0:34 , 3:00 , and 5:00 marks .
In the middle of the first period , Backstrom began their reign of terror , tying the game at one with some nifty passing from teammates Alex Ovechkin and Richard Gynge . Former Capital and Hershey Bears defenseman Brian “ Mr . Excitement ” Fahey put Vityaz back on top , scoring on the power play with a two-man advantage . Five minutes into the second period , Anton Korolev made the score 3-1 . Vityaz took a two-goal lead into the second intermission .
But Dynamo was ready to fight . Two minutes after the break , Nicky scored their second of the night . Then with less than six minutes to go , Konstantin Volkov tied the game up for the Muscovites . The overtime session was scoreless for four and a half minutes until Nick sealed the win for the visitors with a wraparound tally , making it three goals on the night and four during their six-game-long KHL campaign .
The stud in the 69 jersey .
Photo credit : khl.ru
Advertisements
Share this story : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
N.Korea 's nuclear tests slap in face of ‘ relevant country '
China will `` by no means allow war on the Korean Peninsula '' a foreign ministry spokesperson said Wednesday , stressing Beijing was deeply concerned over Pyongyang 's announced plan to launch a satellite later this month , only weeks after it tested a nuclear bomb in defiance of international sanctions .
`` We are seriously concerned … The DPRK has the right to make peaceful use of space , but this right is subject to restrictions of the Security Council resolutions , '' Lu Kang , a spokesperson for China 's foreign ministry told a press briefing in Beijing on Wednesday , a day after reports revealed that North Korea is planning to launch what it called an `` earth observation satellite '' sometime between February 8 and 25 .
Lu advised North Korea to exercise restraint and refrain from any actions that might escalate tensions on the Korean Peninsula .
They also warned related countries against taking any action to deepen confrontations .
`` As a close neighbor of the Korean Peninsula , we will by no means allow war or instability on the Peninsula , '' Lu said . `` We will by no means allow any country to pursue its selfish gains while the international community is working for the target of denuclearization . ''
The announcement triggered a strong reaction in the international community .
Chinese experts said the launch is an `` obstinate move '' that could incite `` catastrophic '' sanctions against the country , but is unlikely to lead to head-on confrontations with the US , South Korea , Japan and China .
The announcement of the satellite launch plans , revealed by the International Maritime Organization on Tuesday , came the same day as Chinese special envoy for Korean Peninsula affairs , Wu Dawei , arrived in Pyongyang for the first time since the North said it had detonated a nuclear bomb on January 6 .
Wu remains in Pyongyang on a bilateral exchange , said Lu . They are `` exchanging views with the DPRK on the current situation of the Korea Peninsula , '' Lu said , without elaborating .
Regardless of better conditions for negotiations due to frequent exchanges between Chinese and North Korean officials after January 6 , North Korea 's latest move highlights its obstinate determination to become a nuclear-weapons state , said Lü Chao , a professor at the Liaoning Academy of Social Sciences .
`` The launch is part of North Korea 's military plan as it has to enhance its ability to miniaturize nuclear weapons and advance missile carriers , '' Gao Fei , a professor of Russian studies at the China Foreign Affairs University , told the Global Times .
The launch will also pave the way for the seventh Congress of the Workers ' Party of Korea in May to demonstrate Kim Jong-un 's sole and absolute leadership , as the sixth congress held over three decades ago confirmed late ruler Kim Jong-il 's status , Lü said .
The timing indicates that the launch is likely to coincide with Kim Jong-il 's birthday , which falls on February 16 , Gao noted .
Sanctions argument
Foreign ministry spokesperson Lu responded strongly after a journalist asked for comment on US Assistant Secretary of State Daniel Russel 's remarks that Pyongyang 's latest move is a slap in the face of those arguing against more sanctions .
`` As the chair of the Six-Party Talks , the Chinese side has made strenuous efforts to make genuine progress in denuclearization and encourage all parties concerned to reach asupervisorstioned consensus , '' they said .
`` During the stalemate in the Six-Party Talks , in response to relevant countries ' constant outcry for pressure and sanctions , the DPRK started nuclear testing and conducted them over and over again . In this sense , the DPRK did slap the relevant country across the face . As to whose face the DPRK slapped , the country itself knows well . ''
The Six-Party Talks have been suspended since North Korea withdrew on April 14 , 2009 in protest against the UN Security Council 's condemnation of North Korea 's launch of a satellite 10 days earlier .
The White House said Tuesday that any satellite launch by North Korea would be viewed as `` another destabilizing provocation . '' Russel , also the senior US diplomat for East Asia , said it `` argues even more strongly '' for tougher UN sanctions , Reuters reported .
Japan placed its military on alert on Wednesday in case a North Korean rocket threatens Japan , while South Korea warned the North will pay a `` severe price '' if it proceeds with a satellite launch that Seoul considers a ballistic missile test .
If North Korea does launch the satellite , Lü noted that sanctions will be catastrophic for the country , depressing the economy even further .
However , the present tensions are unlikely to evolve into direct confrontations by the US or Japan other than making tough statements , given that it is South Korea that will suffer the aftermath , Gao said .
The US does not feel threatened since it is difficult for North Korea to recover any missiles it launches , so it can not precisely target intercontinental ballistic missiles at the US , even if it can manufacture and launch them , Lü noted .
The second version of the Kwangmyongsong-3 satellite was launched into orbit atop a carrier rocket on December 12 , 2012 , the Korean Central News Agency reported . Japan confirmed that the rocket passed over Okinawa , but the Japanese military did not intercept it , according to Russia 's Sputnik News Agency .
As anyone who reads atheist blogs is probably aware , there have been some high-profile ( at least within this community ) cases of sexual harassment ( and worse ) over the past few years .
One case in particular involved Ben Radford , a prominent skeptical writer . They were accused of “ stalking , sexual harassment , and both physical and sexual assault ” by their former girlfriend Karen Stollznow ( a prominent skeptic in their own right ) . It 's been going on for a couple of years with both sides raising money for legal defense .
Without going into more details ( and there are so many more details ) , those are damning allegations and Radford denied them completely . But several bloggers were quick to condemn them ( or at least perpetuate the story ) based on what Stollznow said .
That alone does n't bother me . Sexual harassment is a serious topic and I appreciate those with the courage to address the issue . If it makes us more aware of the problem so that we can take steps to prevent it , we 're all better off for it . ( I 'm not a fan of bloggers with limited information playing the role of a judge who 's supposed to have all of the information , but there you go . )
Then , nearly two weeks ago , Radford shared a statement that both they and Stollznow signed :
Part of it says :
… Karen and Ben were in an intimate , personal relationship that ended with acrimony and misunderstandings . But it would be wrong for anyone to believe that Ben Radford stalked , sexually harassed , or physically and sexually assaulted Karen Stollznow . The issue has done damage to both Karen and Ben and to their careers . Through mutual discussion , all issues between them have now been resolved . Both Ben and Karen wish to move on with their lives and put this matter behind them .
Just to verify this , I asked Stollznow last week if they really signed that statement . While they would n't give me a definitive answer , they did n't deny it either , saying they could n't speak about this matter in public .
Here 's why I 'm bringing all of this up :
Stollznow now says the allegations were n't true . Maybe you believe them Maybe you think there 's more to the story . Maybe you think they signed it only because it was costing too much to keep fighting this battle in court . But as far as the legal system is concerned , this issue has been resolved . Radford has been cleared of any wrongdoing .
And yet every single one of the bloggers I linked to above has been silent about this matter . Unless I missed it , they have n't posted the joint statement . They have n't updated old posts with a mention of it . They have n't offered their opinion on it one way or the other . As far as they 're concerned , Radford is still a bad guy even though the statement explicitly says they did n't do what they were accused of doing .
They owe them an apology .
Or , at the very least , they should tell us why they do n't deserve one .
There have been times we 've posted stories on this site that turned out to be false . Whenever that comes to our attention , we issue a public retraction ( or , in smaller matters , we put an update on the original story , just in case someone stumbles across it online ) . Why would n't we do that ?
I feel the same way about this story , even if Radford and Stollznow want to put it to rest : If those bloggers felt it was appropriate to write about this story in the past ( and throw Radford under the bus in the process ) , then they have a responsibility to address the resolution now .
I 'm not saying they have to agree with it , only that they owe it to their readers to provide an update . If they do n't believe the statement is accurate or legitimate , so be it . They can tell us why .
Maybe they 're just completely unaware of the statement . If that 's the case , fine . I hope they see this post and correct the record as soon as possible .
But to pretend like it does n't exist — and to let their readers keep believing that Radford is guilty of these crimes — is just irresponsible . When the evidence contradicts what you 've written , especially when someone 's reputation hangs in the balance , you should correct it . Or at least explain why you 're not .
* * * Update * * * : Greta Christina informs me that this is the first she 's heard about this apology and she 'll address it soon . I apologize if my piece suggested they knew about this and chose to remain silent . I do n't know what information they have . As I told her , it just seems strange to me that , even though some people were providing almost-constant updates on this story , this bit of information escaped their radar . Anyway , if this is the first time they 've heard about it , then they deserve time to analyze it and respond however they 'd like .
* * * Update 2 * * * : Rebecca Watson has responded here .
* * * Update 3 * * * : Here are responses from Jason Thibeault , PZ Myers , and Stephanie Zvan .
* * * Update 4 * * * : Here 's a response from Greta Christina .
* * * Update 5 * * * : Here 's a response from Adam Lee .
( Image via Shutterstock . Via Strange Frequencies Radio , beginning around the 1:32:58 mark )
Are you looking to buy a classic car ? Classics on Autotrader helps you find American and import classic cars for sale through classifieds posted by classic car dealers near you . You can also find used classic cars for sale by owner and private sellers - pre-owned classic and old classic cars . Popular models include the Chevrolet Corvette , Chevrolet Camaro , Ford Mustang , Chevy trucks , and Ford pickups . Other in demand makes include offerings by Pontiac , Volkswagen , Jeep , Mercedes-Benz , and Chrysler . Search classic trucks , antique cars , muscle cars , pony cars , kit cars , replicas , hot rods , and performance cars . Classics on Autotrader also helps you check classic car prices or sell classic cars . If you 're lucky , you can even find a great deal on a cheap classic car for sale near you !
Trump Ends DACA , Calls On Congress To Act
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Baradat/AFP/Getty Images Eric Baradat/AFP/Getty Images
Updated at 3:57 p.m . ET
The Trump administration Tuesday formally announced it will end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program — also called DACA — putting an expiration date on the legal protections granted to roughly 800,000 people known as `` DREAMers , '' who entered the country illegally as children .
President Trump issued a statement , saying , `` I do not favor punishing children , most of whom are now adults , for the actions of their parents . But we must also recognize that we are nation of opportunity because we are a nation of laws . ''
They also said they look forward to working with Republicans and Democrats in Congress to address immigration issues `` in a manner that puts the hardworking citizens of our country first . ''
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump `` wrestled '' with the decision to end DACA over the weekend . In an afternoon briefing , they denied the decision was `` coldhearted , '' painting it as the alternative to an immediate shutdown of the program by a federal court . They said the president wants DACA made permanent as part of `` comprehensive '' immigration legislation that would end illegal immigration , prevent visa overstays and create a `` merit based '' system of immigration .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions , a longtime opponent of the policy , made the formal announcement Tuesday morning . They called DACA `` unilateral executive amnesty '' and said the Obama administration `` deliberately sought to achieve what the legislative branch specifically refused to authorize on multiple occasions . Such an open-ended circumvention of immigration laws was an unconstitutional exercise of authority by the executive branch . '' They said DACA `` denied jobs to hundreds of thousands of Americans by allowing those same illegal aliens to take those jobs . ''
Sessions added , `` We can not admit everyone who would like to come here . It 's just that simple . ''
Former President Barack Obama issued a statement on Facebook , calling the decision `` cruel '' and `` self-defeating . ''
`` Let 's be clear : the action taken today is n't required legally . It 's a political decision , and a moral question , '' they said . Obama added , `` Whatever concerns or complaints Americans may have about immigration in general , we should n't threaten the future of this group of young people who are here through no fault of their own , who pose no threat , who are not taking away anything from the rest of us . ''
Homeland Security Acting Secretary Elaine Duke said the administration , facing legal challenges to the program , `` chose the least disruptive option , '' letting the program wind down in six months and placing the onus on a sharply divided Congress to enact Obama 's executive action into law .
In a statement , Duke said no current beneficiaries will be affected before March 5 of next year . But `` No new initial requests or associated applications filed after today will be acted on , '' they said .
Duke said the administration 's decision to terminate DACA `` was not taken lightly . The Department of Justice has carefully evaluated the program 's constitutionality and determined it conflicts with our existing immigration laws . ''
Trump signaled the decision earlier on Tuesday , tweeting , `` Congress , get ready to do your job - DACA . ''
House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , responded to the announcement in a statement saying , `` It is my hope that the House and Senate , with the president 's leadership , will be able to find consensus on a permanent legislative solution that includes ensuring that those who have done nothing wrong can still contribute as a valued part of this great country . ''
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York called the administration 's decision `` heartless . '' They said Democrats `` will do everything we can to prevent President Trump 's terribly wrong order from becoming reality . ''
Former Vice President Joe Biden tweeted that the move was `` cruel . ''
DACA allowed individuals who were brought to the U.S. as children or teens before mid-2007 to apply for protection from deportation and work permits if they met certain requirements . Beneficiaries had to be under the age of 16 upon entering the country ; no older than 31 as of June 15 , 2012 ; lived continuously in the U.S. since mid-2007 ; be enrolled in high school or college , already have a diploma or degree , have a GED certificate or be an honorably discharged veteran of the U.S. military ; and have no felony criminal convictions , significant misdemeanor convictions , no more than three other misdemeanor convictions or otherwise pose a threat to national security or public safety .
The program did not provide lawful immigration status . Instead , through what the Obama administration characterized as the exercise of prosecutorial discretion , it granted a deferral from possibly being removed from the U.S. to those who qualified ; it also granted work permits . The deferrals and permits were granted for two-year periods and could be renewed for additional two-year periods .
The Department of Homeland Security says existing DACA participants whose eligibility expires between now and March 5 have until Oct. 5 to apply for renewal . The department will also `` adjudicate on an individual case-by-case basis '' requests to enroll in the program and for renewal that were received as of Tuesday . However , new applications will not be accepted going forward .
Valid permits will remain in effect until they expire , `` unless terminated or revoked '' before then , according to a fact sheet on the DHS website .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement says its enforcement priorities have not changed . It has no plans to target DACA holders as their permits expire . They will be eligible for deportation , but remain a low priority .
The USCIS generally has not referred cases in which a person 's DACA application is denied to immigration enforcement authorities unless the case involves a criminal offense , fraud or a threat to national security or public safety .
The DREAMers had been in legal limbo since the start of the current administration . Throughout their campaign , Trump railed against the 2012 executive order signed by Obama — and pledged to `` immediately terminate the policy '' once they took office .
But after being sworn in , they expressed some compassion toward DACA recipients . In an interview with ABC News on Jan. 25 , Trump said , `` They should n't be very worried . I do have a big heart . We 're going to take care of everybody . ''
The Obama program was thrown into the center of a looming court battle in late June when a coalition of 10 state attorneys general , led by Texas ' Ken Paxton , threatened to sue the Trump administration as early as Sept. 5 if it refused to phase out DACA . They argued that Obama had overstepped their authority in creating and implementing the program . Only Congress has the authority to legislate such a change in U.S. immigration law , they contended .
`` [ T ] he program represents an unconstitutional exercise of legislative power by the Executive Branch , '' Paxton wrote in an op-ed for USA Today in late July . `` Phasing out DACA is about the rule of law , not the wisdom of any particular immigration policy , '' Paxton also wrote at the time before emphasizing the principle of separation of powers at the heart of the structure of the federal government .
Sessions had advocated for the termination of DACA but , as BuzzFeed reported in March , they were often outargued by former chief of staff Reince Priebus and former chief strategist Steve Bannon , who like Trump wanted to see it preserved .
Bannon , who held hard-line views on immigration that aligned more closely with the attorney general on other policy issues , reportedly had persuaded the president to spare DREAMers and use them `` as a strategic asset in the coming immigration policy battles . ''
But with Bannon and Priebus now gone from the West Wing , it appears the position held by Sessions and Stephen Miller , another Trump White House aide with ties to Sessions , has won out — under the pressure exerted by Paxton and some of their fellow state attorneys general .
Trump 's decision leaves Congress facing increasing pressure to find a solution for a population that was estimated in 2012 to include as many as 1.8 million immigrants — of which about 800,000 have been granted deferred status under DACA .
At the moment there are at least two bipartisan bills that could grant legal status or create a pathway to citizenship for those who were eligible for DACA . In July , Sens . Dick Durbin , D-Ill. , and Lindsey Graham , R-S.C. , introduced a new version of the DREAM Act , after which the DREAMers are named . And a companion bill was filed in the House by Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Fla. , and Lucille Roybal-Allard , D-Calif .
Additionally , Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Ill. , introduced the American Hope Act , while Rep. Carlos Curbelo , R-Fla. , introduced the Recognizing America 's Children Act , a plan that has some support in their party .
In a press conference on Tuesday alongside Graham , Durbin said , `` We need to pass in this month of September a DREAM Act , a permanent law in this country , that says these young people will have their chance to become part of America 's future . ''
Graham added , `` The Congress is going to have to up its game . '' They said they agreed with the Trump administration that Obama 's executive action was an `` unconstitutional overreach , '' and said President Trump was `` also right to give us six months to figure out a solution to this . ''
Durbin introduced an earlier version of the DREAM Act — the `` Development , Relief , and Education for Alien Minors Act '' — in late 2010 ; that bill failed to get enough votes to allow a floor vote . But the legislative project goes back much longer than the middle of Obama 's first term as president . Durbin first filed legislation about the DREAMers in 2001 . `` Other versions passed the House in 2010 and in the Senate , as part of a larger immigration bill , in 2013 . But no bill has ever been passed by both chambers , '' according to the Washington Post .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images
In 2012 , Obama stepped in with the DACA program when Congress failed to pass a version of the DREAM Act then . At the time , Obama justified their action , saying , `` These are young people who study in our schools , they play in our neighborhoods , they 're friends with our kids , they pledge allegiance to our flag . They are Americans in their heart , in their minds , in every single way but one : on paper . ''
In an interview with Wisconsin talk radio WCLO on Friday , Ryan said that they oppose the Trump administration ending DACA and that it is up to Congress to find a legislative fix to the question of what to do with the DREAMers . The speaker said that Obama was wrong to act without Congress and that Trump should defer to Congress to fix the issue .
`` Having said all of that there are people who are in limbo . These are kids who know no other country , who were brought here by their parents and do n't know another home , '' Ryan said . `` And so I really do believe there needs to be a legislative solution , that 's one that we 're working on , and I think we want to give people peace of mind . ''
Responding to Ryan 's comments , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , wrote Ryan , according to Politico , asking that they meet with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and other House Democratic leaders `` to discuss a comprehensive legislative solution for our country 's DREAMers . '' In their letter , the top Democrat in the House also said legislative action was necessary `` to shield ... [ the ] DREAMers from the arbitrary cruelty of deportation . ''
Whatever Congress may do , another consequence of Trump 's action is that it brought their predecessor , who is arguably the country 's most high-profile Democrat , back into the political debate over the fate of the DREAMers .
In their final news conference as president and just days before Trump was inaugurated , Obama said they would remain largely silent for the next year on most political issues — with a few exceptions where the nation 's `` core values '' might be at stake , in their view . Among those was taking action against the DREAMers , including deportation .
`` The notion that we would just arbitrarily or because of politics punish those kids , when they did n't do something themselves ... would merit my speaking out , '' they said .
Hater , an app for finding someone who dislikes the same things as you , to expand beyond dating
Not a fan of Trump ? Ca n't stand country music ? Think selfie culture is the worst ? Would n't go camping if someone paid you ? Bonding over the things you hate can be more powerful than bonding over what you like , studies have shown . Now , a new dating app called Hater can help you find better matches by focusing on those things you and others mutually detest .
Yes , an app that connects you with people who hate the same things sounds like something of a joke .
In fact , that 's how it started .
Explains Hater founder and CEO Brendan Alper , the idea for the app came up around a year and a half ago , but they had n't envisioned it as being a real product at the time .
Instead , Alper , a former Goldman Sachs employee , had left the banking biz to pursue their passion in writing comedy . Hater was originally going to be a part of an online comedy sketch they were planning to publish . But the more they talked about it , the more it seemed like the app might actually have real appeal , they say .
“ It was just in the idea phase . At first I told some people about it — mostly people I was writing comedy with , ” says Alper . Everyone had the same reaction : “ ‘ That makes so much sense . It 's really funny , but why does n't that exist ? ' , ” they explain . “ It really got my gears turning . ”
“ I had always wanted to start my own company…It was kind of this viral idea , but it needed a product that could back it up , ” Alper adds .
While Hater 's focus is on dislikes , it 's not the only dating app trying to suss out more information about its users ' personalities as a means of differentiating itself from the hot-or-not , photo-driven apps like Tinder and Bumble .
OK Cupid , for example , has regularly featured Q & A 's for its users , which are used for matching purposes . And these will be given more prominence in the app 's redesign . Meanwhile , Hinge recently pivoted to better emphasize people 's stories by requiring its users answer questions about their favorite things , past experiences and other interests .
Hater , on the other hand , kicks off not by showcasing a stream of people 's photos , but rather a series of topics to weigh in on . There are now around 3,000 topics available in the app , with more added on a continual basis . You swipe on the topics in order to like , dislike , love or hate them , depending on how strongly you feel about the subject .
Items you dislike or hate are given more weight in Hater 's matching algorithms , the founder notes .
Some of the topics are truly personality-defining , like whether you 're a fan of a particular singer or activity . But others still seem a little off .
Like , how do you answer if you hate HBO 's “ Girls ? ” Sure , we generally hate it now , but the first season was not as terrible , right ? And does hating that you have to pay for extra guacamole make you sound cheap ? Is there really not a single reality TV show that you enjoy ( after all , does n't this category include cooking , home makeover and travel shows , too , not just real housewives and Kardashians ? ) And who in their right mind would say they like airplane seats ? ( Yes , these all real questions on today 's Hater . )
In other words , some of the items are too broad , while others would require more nuanced responses . That means the app may fail to find that certain someone who passionately hates on the same niche topics you do . These are things that could be addressed in time , though . If the app allowed users to create their own topics , or if it let you drill down into topics by category , you may better find your true hatin'-on-the-same-stuff soul mate .
Alper says these sorts of changes are on the roadmap , too . While the app will moderate user-submitted items for inappropriate content or abuse , if it goes that route , they do see a way for the app to leverage ideas from the community in the future .
[ gallery ids= '' 1457833,1457832,1457831,1457830,1457829,1457828,1457826,1457809 '' ]
In addition , Alper wants to expand Hater beyond dating .
“ We can offer an experience that 's more social and less about meeting strangers online , that would be able to grow more organically , ” they say . “ With dating apps , everyone 's there for the same reason… it creates an unbelievable amount of pressure . In the real world , it does n't work like that… we want to be a place where everyone can interact , not just single people , ” Alper notes of the transition to social , planned for around 4 to 6 months out .
But today , the app is focused on finding matches . You can jump into a section to swipe on people 's photos , with the added benefit of seeing their hates with an extra tap . You also can message with your matches , or even play a Cards Against Humanity-type game with them . And you can edit your profile , which consists of Facebook-pulled photos and other basic information like your age and match preferences . ( Adding a non-Facebook sign-up method is also on the to-do list . )
Thanks in part to its viral buzz , Hater has had a surprising number of sign-ups since its launch into beta in December . The app now has 310,000 users , and is averaging 30,000+ daily active users , with 1-day retention rates of 25-30 percent . Of course , it 's hard to tell what the app will look like when the hype wears off .
Alper is aware of this challenge , which is why he 's planning the expansion to social , more Facebook ad tests and a partnership with Cosmo , which will publish stats pulled from the app . Brands are also talking to Hater about future integrations , which could see them being able to place their own items into the app 's list , then analyze the results of who likes and hates those topics .
Hater will also use push notifications to pull in lapsed users by giving them the chance to weigh in on more timely questions . ( It tested this in NY and LA following the Oscars , for instance . )
Given its quick climb — the app is also now being featured by Apple on the App Store — Hater is attracting inbound interest from investors . The team is taking meetings with VCs and angels outside of its home base of Brooklyn , New York , as well as with locals .
For now , however , Hater has a full-time staff of four , including Berlin-based CTO Stefan Wirth , and is available only on iOS .
Hydrogen cars : what are they and when will we drive them ?
Posted
Tipped as the future of green motoring , hydrogen cars are virtually emissions-free and both simple and fast to refuel .
So what are they and how soon will we be driving them ?
How do hydrogen cars work ?
As their name suggests , they use hydrogen as a fuel to power the car .
Colourless , odourless hydrogen gas passes through a fuel stack , where it interacts with oxygen . This process both generates the electricity and creates water , which is the car 's only emission and dribbles out from a little tube at the back .
Like electric cars , hydrogen cars using hybrid technology are quiet to drive . But the hydrogen models are quicker to refuel and have a longer range .
For example , the tank of Toyota 's Mirai holds 5 kilograms of compressed hydrogen . The car 's range has not been tested in Australia but in Europe it takes about three minutes to refuel a tank , which will last about 550 kilometres .
It 's worth pointing out that hydrogen fuel cell technology is not new — NASA used them to power rockets for decades — but car manufacturers are now able to make fuel cells small and mobile enough to fit inside passenger cars .
How green are they ?
They have the potential to be one of the cleanest cars on the road .
Their only emission is water , but the biggest hurdle to fulfilling their green potential is that the hydrogen to power the cars in Australia is now almost entirely sourced from fossil fuels , such as natural gas .
This could change if plans for a home-grown renewable hydrogen industry are successful .
It would ensure a source of hydrogen generated via renewable energy like wind or solar power .
What 's it like to drive one ?
It feels like driving a hybrid car , which is not surprising because they use similar technology .
You press a button to turn the car on and there 's a barely audible hum as the motor starts .
There are only two obvious signs that it 's a hydrogen car .
One is the H20 button , which prompts the purge of water from the system ( this also happens automatically when the car is turned off ) , and the other is an interactive infographic on the dashboard which shows the chemical activity going on behind the scenes .
How long until we will be driving hydrogen cars on our roads ?
Your neighbour is unlikely to be pulling into their driveway in the latest hydrogen car anytime soon .
Firstly , you ca n't buy hydrogen cars in Australia yet . In fact , there are only four demonstration models in Australia — one owned by Hyundai and the remaining three by Toyota .
And secondly , even if you had one , you would have nowhere to refuel it .
As everyone in the industry acknowledges , the biggest impediments to widespread take-up of the cars are the sheer logistics and expense of building the refuelling infrastructure for everyday use .
For example , Toyota estimates it costs up to $ 2.3 million to build a medium-sized retail refuelling station in Europe or the US . The company has built itself a portable refueller , while Hyundai has one at its Sydney head office .
For these reasons , industry pundits agree it makes sense to promote hydrogen car use in densely populated areas of big cities .
How about other vehicles ?
Toyota 's manager of advanced technology vehicles , Matthew Macleod , said there is a lot of interest from government and industry in using hydrogen to power trucks and buses which could use a common refuelling hub .
For example , in Melbourne , Moreland City Council plans to convert some of its diesel trucks to hydrogen and build a commercial refuelling station .
South Australia last week released its hydrogen road map , which outlines its intent to take the national lead in driving a hydrogen economy , including a $ 8.2m trial of a hydrogen bus fleet and refuelling station .
Western Australia trialled hydrogen buses last decade , but found it difficult to find an affordable and reliable source of hydrogen .
Topics : science-and-technology , environmental-technology , road-transport , perth-6000
“ This is the day you will always remember as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow ! ” Jack Sparrow in The Curse Of The Black Pearl
Today is the day that the fifth Pirates of the Caribbean movie , Dead Men Tell No Tales or Salazar 's Revenge is premiering ! So to celebrate the return of the madly brilliant or brilliantly mad Captain Jack Sparrow on the big screen , we bake Coconut Cake today !
Ingredients
4 eggs
300 gr sugar
100 gr butter , at room temperature
390 ml coconut milk
240 gr whole milk
210 gr flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
414 ml condensed milk
60 gr grated coconut
How to bake
1 . Preheat the oven to 180 °C or 356 °F . Grease a square baking pan and line it with parchment paper .
2 . Separate the egg yolks from the egg whites and store the whites in the refrigerator for now .
3 . In a bowl , add the sugar , butter and the just separated yolks . Beat everything together until the mix is light and fluffy .
4 . Add half of the coconut milk and mix .
5 . Add the flour and mix it carefully in . Stir with a spatula and beat for 30 seconds more .
6 . Add half of the whole milk and continue beating .
7 . In another fat-free bowl , beat the egg whites to a stiff peak and transfer them to the other mixture . Mix it in with care and make sure to not overbeat .
8 . Lastly , add the baking powder and mix gently but well .
9 . Pour the batter into the baking pan .
10 . Bake the cake for about 30 minutes .
11 . While the cake is baking , prepare the topping . Mix the sweetened condensed milk with the leftover whole milk and coconut milk .
12 . When the cake is ready , pierce it with a fork several times and pour the topping over the still hot cake .
13 . Garnish with the grated coconut ( and with a shot of rum if you like ; ) ) .
Source
Advertisements
Like this : Like Loading ...
Children as young as eight are terrorising a town in retaliation after an Aboriginal man was shot by police .
Residents in Cowra , in central west New South Wales , are so terrified they are sleeping with weapons next to their beds .
Dennis John ‘ DJ ' Doolan was shot by police on September 28 , prompting angry members of the Aboriginal community to chant ‘ black lives matter ' until elders had to stop them rioting .
The 32-year-old accused thief is still in hospital recovering following the shooting .
Now the town is being terrorised by a mob of mostly Aboriginal children , believed to be as young as eight years old , who are raiding homes to steal jewellery , power tools and electronics , Daily Mail Australia can reveal .
Handwritten notes have been placed in a number of letterboxes threatening people following break-ins across the town .
Diane , who only wanted to be known by their first name , has been targeted twice in the past 18 days .
‘ The first time they targeted the shed and took my dog Bonnie–a German shepherd–who they beat up , ' Diane told Daily Mail Australia .
‘ The second time they cleaned out the shed of my husband 's tools .
‘ They know I am at the house alone–because my husband is in a nursing home , but they do target the vulnerable . '
They now sleep with a golf club next to their bed , and their dog sleeps inside because they are worried she 'll be hurt again .
A former Cowra youth worker who mentored many of the children accused of the violent break ins noted the incidents have intensified since the shooting .
‘ The little ones think the cops ca n't touch them because the Aboriginal community will back them , ' the source told Daily Mail Australia .
‘ DJ should not be held up as a hero because they are a thug . '
Mr Doolan 's grandmother Olive Williams said ‘ karma and getting back [ was ] the Aboriginal way of dealing with things ' .
‘ Police have been hounding these kids for a long time so it could be their way of getting back at them , ' they told Daily Mail Australia .
‘ It could also be just for fun or that they are slipping into homes of people who have wronged . '
A similar letter was delivered to the local neighbourhood centre where Aboriginal Elders work .
A victim , who did not want to be named , was robbed at 2am on Saturday night .
‘ My power was cut so my CCTV cut out , they tried the sheds before they came through the house , ' the victim told Daily Mail Australia .
Motorbikes and power equipment used to be kept in the sheds , but only a drill was stolen .
‘ Then they came inside using a torch they looked around the lounge room and stole an Apple TV , iPad , Laptop and three little silver monkey figurines , ' the woman said .
‘ The iPad was found on a cricket pitch near the house . It smashed but they also smashed our television . '
Other victims have said they fear someone will hurt the children , now everyone is on edge and sleeping with weapons .
‘ I have n't slept , every noise I hear wakes me up , ' they said .
‘ I have two dogs so I feel safe with them there but it is unsettling when they are barking all night , every night , ' they said .
Ms Williams said the way police had treated their grandson ‘ made our community angry ' .
‘ When I saw them in the ambulance I thought they were going to die in front of me . The life had drained out of their face , ' they said .
Ms Williams said Mr Doolan had planned to visit their father 's grave before they were shot .
‘ He was in jail when their dad died and it distressed them that they could n't go to the funeral , ' they said .
‘ And now they wo n't be able to see the grave site . '
Ms Williams is concerned that people who are scared do not have enough access to police because the town does not have a 24-hour station .
‘ People know if they call the police they will get Orange and it will take hours for anyone to get here , ' they said .
‘ After DJ was shot everybody up there was yelling about retribution .
‘ They said : “ Aw they were a good bloke and police attacked them for no reason . ”
‘ It was quiet for the first few days but since then there have been break-ins every night , and people have been threatened with knives .
‘ One woman who fought back was sliced up the arm and another was cut with a box cutter .
‘ I am sorry but police did n't go after that fellow for no reason and now these kids breaking in to vulnerable people 's homes has us all scared . '
Another woman whose car was ‘ showered with rocks ' chased the children .
‘ They said , “ you ca n't touch us ” and they ran , ' they said .
The woman , who had two children in the car with them at the time , said they were furious and followed them .
‘ I took photos of them and chased after them to try to scare them a bit , ' they said .
‘ They kept saying I could n't get them and I told them they had messed with the wrong one . '
The woman shared their photos with the newspaper . They appear to show a group of young people in hooded jackets standing next to the highway .
‘ Some of the kids in the group are in the same year as my child , so they are 12 .
‘ One of them I know , and they are eight . Why are they on the street after dark at eight ? '
Canobolas Area Command Superintendent Peter Atkins told Daily Mail Australia there had been an upward swing in break and enters in Cowra since late September .
‘ There is information the people involved are primarily younger males , ' they said .
Supt Atkins cited three arrests for break and enter offences , two involving 16-year-old boys and one involving a 46-year-old man .
‘ We have deployed some sections to Cowra from across the command , ' they said .
Supt Atkins said they hoped the extra police presence would lead to fewer offences in the area .
Original Article
Share This
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Activists are participating in hundreds of nationwide protests on Monday against the proposed Keystone XL pipeline . Ad Policy
The State Department released a long-awaited environmental review of the pipeline Friday that found the project would have a “ negligible impact ” on climate change , a decision that bolsters the case for the controversial project .
The pipeline would ship 830,000 barrels of oil a day from Canada to Texas Gulf Coast refineries .
< > Environmentalists and advocates were quick to point out that the State Department 's inspector general is conducting an inquiry into whether the contractor tasked with the study , Environmental Resources Management , failed to disclose recent work it did for TransCanada , the company proposing to build the pipeline , which would be an obvious conflict of interest .
“ The release of the new report will be a green light to escalate our efforts , ” May Boeve , executive director of 350.org , said to the Los Angeles Times . “ This fight got started at the national level when 1,253 people got arrested in front of the White House . We expect many more people will take part in civil disobedience and take to the streets before this fight is over . ”
Hundreds of No KXL protest vigils are scheduled to take place all across the country on Monday . The events are organized by CREDO , Rainforest Action Network , Sierra Club , 350.org , The Other 98 % , Center for Biological Diversity , Oil Change International , Bold Nebraska , Energy Action Coalition , Natural Resources Defense Council , The Hip Hop Caucus , Overpass Light Brigade , Environmental Action , League of Conservation Voters , Waterkeeper Alliance , Friends of the Earth , Forest Ethics , Forecast the Facts and others .
“ This is an all-hands-on-deck moment to send the message to President Obama that Keystone XL fails their climate test and they must reject it , ” the consortium said .
Furthermore , farmers and ranchers in Nebraska who opposed the pipeline are planning to run for seats on a state board that regulates power stations that are needed along the project route , the AP reports , and national activists say they have recruited more than 75,000 volunteers willing to participate in civil disobedience .
“ We 've said from the beginning that we will support the landowners and what they want to do and what they think is best for their property . I think you 'll see some landowners driving really slow on their county roads to block the [ pipeline ] trucks , ” said Jane Kleeb , executive director of Bold Nebraska .
In addition to Monday 's protests , activists plan to stage “ pipeline meet-ups ” throughout February to encourage people to raise the pipeline issue with candidates in the 2014 elections . Activists are also waiting on a decision from a Nebraska judge on a lawsuit challenging a state law that allowed the project to proceed . That ruling is expected by late March .
According to Kleeb , 115 landowners in Nebraska are still refusing to sign agreements with TransCanada and would also be willing to engage in nonviolent civil disobedience if the company tries to lay pipe through their land .
“ We will make sure folks know that we have not gone away , that we are still fighting this pipeline , ” Kleeb said to the AP .
One of Monday 's scheduled protests is being organized by Olympic Climate Action in Port Angeles , Washington . In a statement , the group quoted NASA scientist James Hansen as saying extracting the fossil fuels in the Alberta tar sands means “ game over ” for the climate .
“ We are for a sustainable world , one where all people , both now and into the future , have access to a decent livelihood . There is work to do conserving energy and producing it more sustainably . We can not let the oil age preclude a future for our descendants , ” the group said in its statement .
“ It 's really an overwhelming problem . Coming together as a group is more successful than sitting around worrying about it , ” said Ed Chadd , a founding member of the action group .
Today and tomorrow there 's a conference for “ environmental communicators ” taking place , at Bristol Zoo . See the website or twitter tag .
In a time of unprecedented social , economic and political change we urgently need proactive tools for successfully communicating environmental issues . Communicate goes straight to the interface and asks some difficult questions about current approaches as we explore a shifting landscape of echo-chambers , divisive opinions and fake news .
These events are always mildly amusing – for example they had a session this morning where they all sat around tables together and discussed echo chambers and how to get out of them . This afternoon they are discussing how to change peoples ' minds , while tomorrow among other things there 's a session on fake news and alternative facts , including a talk by a local expert well known for their alternative facts .
But one interesting thing I noticed was this :
Tim Silman @ IpsosMORI tells @ CommunicateConf that concern about climate change among general public is actually decreasing # Communicate17 pic.twitter.com/ZXgQGpJ0r5 — Greenhouse ( @ Greenhouse_PR ) November 1 , 2017
Ipsos MORI say that they 've found a steady decline on concern about climate change since 2005 , from 82 % to 60 % , something they describe as a “ worrying trend ” . I 've found their report from 2005 giving the 82 % concerned figure ( 44 % very concerned , 38 % fairly concerned ) , and the 2010 one with 71 % concerned ( 28 % very , 43 % fairly ) . That drop might perhaps be attributed to climategate ( 2009 ) , but the consistent downward trend might be difficult to find excuses for .
Kaine had run an ad promising to work with a president of either party , noting previous collaborations with President Bush during their tenure as governor . They said they had disagreed with Obama on certain issues , but ultimately , the two just did n't differ on all that much . “ He carried that approach with them to the Senate , ” Elleithee said , “ and I think they got a lot of streets cred for that—both with the White House and with people back home . ”
A year and a half after arriving in the Senate , however , Kaine did break with the man they once served in a much more vocal way : They called on Obama to seek congressional authorization for the use of military force against ISIS and began pushing back against the administration 's claims that it had all the authority it needed to launch airstrikes in Iraq . “ President Obama said in May 2013 that they would work with Congress to update the 2001 [ Authorization for the Use of Military Force ] , ” Kaine wrote in an op-ed for The Washington Post .
It is June 2014 , and there has been no progress . The White House should submit to Congress a new draft authorization to deal with today 's threats . Now is clearly the time for this debate . I believe the president must come to Congress for authority to initiate any U.S. military action in Iraq .
It would be another six months before Obama would actually ask Congress for a new AUMF , a request that came long after they began dropping bombs in Iraq and Syria . Kaine has continued pushing for Congress to act , but more than two years after their initial demand , neither the House nor the Senate has been able to agree on language that both authorizes and constrains the war against ISIS .
An aide to Kaine , speaking on the condition of anonymity because they are not an authorized spokesperson for the senator , said they became interested in the War Powers Resolution and Congress 's role in declaring war after studying a 2007 report issued while they were governor by a bipartisan commission at the University of Virginia 's Miller Center . The recommendations became the basis for legislation they introduced with Senator John McCain in 2013 to revise the 1973 law .
Those close to Kaine said their outspoken advocacy for a resolution authorizing the war against ISIS flowed from a genuine belief in Congress 's responsibility to weigh in , both from a Constitutional and a moral standpoint . But they do n't deny that it also helped them politically on two key fronts .
When Obama considered tapping them for the vice presidency in 2008 , Kaine had been serving as Virginia 's governor for just two and a half years . They had no foreign-policy experience , and had been in statewide office less than a year longer than Sarah Palin . Kaine scored seats on both the Foreign Relations and Armed Services Committees in the Senate , but taking a high-profile stand on the AUMF was clearly an opportunity for them to bolster their credentials on the military and foreign affairs .
A Kelowna brewery says it is under attack from hate groups and has had to take down its Facebook page and has reported the actions to the RCMP due to intense cyber-bullying from people connected to alt-right militia groups .
Boundary Brewing owner Oliver Glaser said they posted a video online of them and a co-worker putting up a flag in their brewery that they felt stood against the growth of hatred in the world these days .
“ I wanted to make a stand and say this is what we believe and we think it 's not cool what 's going on in the world with this resurgence in fascism and racism that is growing , ” said Glaser in an interview with the Capital News . “ My point of putting the flag up was we support love and tolerance and intolerance will not be tolerated in our brewery . ”
The video stayed online for a month with not much reaction , until it was shared by an Okanagan member of a militia group called the Three Percenters , said Glaser . And after that it went viral , being shared 80 times , reaching 7,500 views and 15,000 hits to the Facebook page in short order . Hate-filled messages filled the company 's Facebook page .
“ I 'll be riding through Kelowna with some heavys ( sic ) next spring we will grab a couple cases of Kokanee gold and stop by if you 're still in business then cause some shit there , ” read one message .
“ Supporters of domestic tourism , you people should be ashamed to call yourselves Canadians , ” read another of the more tame comments .
“ It was vile stuff they were wiring and the pictures they were posting…it was just heinous stuff , ” said Glaser .
The flag that Glaser used in the video featured an Antifa logo and that 's what the hate groups focussed on . Antifa is a group that represents anti facism movements and Glaser admitted that Antifa can also be militant in its opposition to fascism . They have taken the flag down and says it was n't about Antifa but more a statement against hatred
“ I put the flag up as a sort of my quiet protest , ” they said , noting they stand by their protest but is also fearful for their two young children and their family . “ There are a lot of scary things about this , just because I posted my politics , what I believe . It was latched upon and maybe misunderstood by these guys but they are extremists . We look at this stuff and we think it 's an American problem but it 's happening here too . ”
Once Glaser took down their company Facebook page , their Google business page was also attacked , where dozens upon dozens of one-star reviews were posted . They also received phone calls from all over the states due to the fact their business phone is also their personal phone and the number is public .
But on the other side , they also received a lot of support from what they called the silent majority , also standing against hate .
“ I was emboldened by all the positive support and love I got and the people that defended human rights and tolerance and love , ” they said . “ I had hundreds of Facebook friends and craft brewers and people I know in the industry supporting me . ”
While Glaser has removed the flag , they plan to put up a manifesto in their brewery that states that they support love and tolerance and hatred has no place in the world .
“ This huge group of people were trying to find a way to get everyone to hate our brewery , but we 've had a pretty successful Wednesday and I think part of that came from people that saw what was going on online , ” said Glaser .
Boundary Brewing has been open in Kelowna since January .
To report a typo , email : edit @ kelownacapnews.com .
kparnell @ kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
FILE PHOTO : People queue to check in at Munich airport , Germany August 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Michaela Rehle
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - Airlines should n't be allowed to hide behind computer-based models when justifying higher fares , the head of the German cartel office said in an interview published on Thursday , as authorities review allegations of a recent spike in prices .
In November , the cartel office asked national airline Lufthansa ( LHAG.DE ) for information on prices after receiving complaints about rising fares following the collapse of Air Berlin AB1.DE , Germany 's second largest carrier .
Lufthansa said at the time it was cooperating fully with the cartel office and had not changed its pricing structures , which comprise up to 26 different fares per flight and were automatically determined by software .
“ Such algorithms are n't written by god in the heavens , ” Andreas Mundt told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper . “ Companies ca n't hide behind algorithms . ”
A Lufthansa spokesperson said on Thursday the airline had n't increased fares on domestic flights or flights within in Europe in more than a year .
They added the insolvency of Air Berlin had eliminated 100 planes and 60,000 seats a day .
“ As a result , available flights are booked more quickly , ” they said . “ It can be the case that with booking at short notice on some routes that only relatively more expensive booking classes are available . ”
Lufthansa 's chief executive , Carsten Spohr , addressed the cartel office investigation in a recent interview with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung , saying the airline would be absolved of any wrongdoing .
“ It is good because in the process of the investigation it will be determined that we are n't taking advantage of any short-term dominant market position , ” Spohr was quoted as saying .
Hillary Clinton told `` Extra '' on Monday night they would consider appointing first lady Michelle Obama to a Cabinet position if they win the presidential election next week .
In an interview with Tracey Edmonds , the Democratic nominee said Obama would be a fitting member of their administration .
`` She 's made it pretty clear they want to focus on important issues like girls ' education around the world — they and I actually talked about it when we were together in Winston-Salem — and I want to be the best partner I can be for whenever they want to do be involved in government again . I think they want to take a break from it , but if they ever wants to do anything like that , I would be the number-one person , '' Clinton said .
The former secretary of state was joined by singer Jennifer Lopez in the interview . The Latin-pop singer has endorsed Clinton for president and took the stage in Miami for a Get Out the Vote concert before the duo 's interview with Extra .
`` Not only is they the most experienced person for this job and they know this country — she 's lived it on so many different sides already , '' Lopez said .
Vanadzor does not top Armenia 's touristic routes for its natural beauty . Yet , the country 's third largest city was once called “ the green town ” as it lays on the slopes of the Pamback mountain range , covered with forests and it abounds with mineral waters , making the town of 82,000 a popular thermal resort .
For Emma Petrosyan , 24 , and Vaghinak Karapetyan , 20 , Vanadzor is a pot full of green opportunities ready to be explored . The two Yerevan-based nature and mountain biking lovers turned to the EcoLab foundarion , which supports young people to develop projects for social change and designed the Boo Mountain Bike Park Project , Armenia 's first mountain bike route .
Emma Petrosyan , a founder of Boo Mountain Bike Park Project .
Vaghinak Karapetyan , a cofounder of the project .
Gor Giginyan , 20 , a volunteer supporting the development of the route .
The first mountain bike route in Armenia , “ Boo Mountain Bike Park Project ” is being build due to volunteers efforts .
Ecolab gave them a house , which is the starting base for the biking routes and called it “ boo ” - owl in Armenian - after the numerous nocturnal birds stationing on the house . With the help of enthusiastic volunteers , Petrosyan and Karapetyan are developing the routes .
Only a breath away
aka `` Caesar 's last breath '' Deep understanding
As you watch a sunset , you breath some atoms exhaled by each human who has ever watched a sunset .
As you read this page , you will breath atoms breathed by Franklin when they read the final draft of the Declaration of Independence for the first time .
As you head out the door , you share breath with a fur-clad traveler leaving home in Europe 10 thousand years ago . As you drive to work , with their struggles across the Alps . As you return home , with his/her return .
A few deep breaths get you atoms from your mother giving birth , from yourself taking your first breaths , and from ... a Ceasar 's last breath ( the common name of this observation ) .
Your breath is about a liter of air , and thus about 1022 atoms . The atmosphere is about 1044 atoms . The breath 's atoms will be well mixed back into the atmosphere after something like 10 years . Then , any randomly selected atmospheric atom has about a 10-22 chance ( 1022/1044 ) of being from the your breath . Suppose you take another breath , again of 1022 atoms . You can expect something like one of them , on average , to be from your original breath . The exact number will vary . It is not a direct hop from one breath to the next - the atom may have been breathed by others ( or by yourself ) , in between the two breaths .
Notes
Which atoms to use ? - Nitrogen vs Argon
Which atoms to use ? There are two factors - how common , and how complex . The atmosphere 's most common components as N 2 , O 2 , Ar , and CO 2 , at roughly 0.8 , 0.2 , 0.01 , 0.0004 ( by number of molecules , though at this roughness , ` by mass ' is about the same ) . Ar is even worse if you consider atoms , for with a foo 2 molecules you get two foo atoms . So N atoms are something like 5000 times more common than Ar . ( Averaged over the atmosphere - Ar is slightly heavier than N 2 , so it will tend to hang out near the ground , but I dont expect this to make even a × 10 difference . ) However , while Ar basically just hangs out in the atmosphere , N 2 , O 2 , and CO 2 are part of biological cycles . An N atoms spends some of its time in the atmosphere , but also some time in seawater , and buried as dead ocean critters . Argon is thus the choice of simplicity - you do n't have to consider the bio part . But Nitrogen is so much more common , it is worth using if we can .
Using Nitrogen - the bio does n't matter .
The atmosphere has about 4 × 1018 kg ( N ) . 3.5 × 1014 kg inorganically in ocean , 3 × 1014 as dead critters in ocean , 1.5 × 1014 inorganically in soil , 1 × 1014 as dead critters in soil . Basically , the atmosphere more than 1000 times bigger than the rest of the surface stores . And for a people related timescale ( say a million years ) , my guess is removal , by seafloor crust being subducted down into the mantel , is trivially small . Thus , the atmosphere has so much more N than anyplace else , we can ignore the rest .
Atmosphere numbers
The atmosphere is 5.14 × 1018 kg , and has 0.755 kg ( N ) / 1 kg ( air ) . So there are 3.88 × 1018 kg ( N ) . N 's average atomic mass is 14.01 ( almost all N 's are 14N ) , so with 1.66 × 10-27 kg/nucleon , thats 23.3 × 10-27 kg/atom ( N ) . So the atmosphere has about 1.7 × 1044 Nitrogen atoms . ( 1018 / 10-26 = 1018 - -26 = 1044 ) .
Breath numbers
Lung volume is around 4 or 5 liters for an adult female or male . Lets just take a breath volume of 0.5 l. STP air density is 1.3 kg/m3 . A liter is 10-3 m3 . So that 's 0.65 × 10-3 kg ( air ) . N mass fraction is 0.75 , so that 's 0.49 × 10-3 kg ( N ) . At 23.3 × 10-27 kg/atom ( N ) , that 's 2.1 × 1022 Nitrogen atoms .
Mixing breath back into atmosphere
[ Cow p237 ] gives mixing times of
vertically in troposphere order 10 days between hemispheres order 1 year with stratosphere order 10 years
The result
A `` marked '' breath of 2 × 1022 atoms ( N ) after 10 years is well mixed with the atmosphere 's 2 × 1044 atoms ( N ) . So the odds of any randomly sampled atom ( N ) being `` marked '' is 10-22 . So a sampling breath , again of 2 × 1022 atoms ( N ) , can be expected to have on average 2 or 3 `` marked '' atoms .
( One can also bypass the atom mass calculation - the atmospheric 3.88 × 1018 kg ( N ) divided by the breath 0.49 × 10-3 kg ( N ) gives 7.9 × 1021 . Remember that the breath volume might vary by ×2 , so great precision is n't useful here . )
I get nervous when long calculations with big rough numbers come down to tight tolerances around one . So let 's escape . The easiest way is to add breaths . At say 4 sec/breath , we get ×10 in a minute , ×100 in 10 minutes , and ×1000 in an hour . As long as the accumulated breaths are roughly independent . And any time the breather is n't in an enclosed space with still air , this seems a good bet ( though it would be nice to run the numbers to make sure ) . One can play this game at both or either end . If the Phoenician sailor journeyed for days , even a tiny sip of your breath is going to comfortably intercept some of the atoms . If the sailor `` huff '' ed once jumping off the boat at journeys end , a few hours of your breathing should be sufficient . Also , breathing deeply rather than shallowly gives almost ×10 .
Links
Moles for Noles and its solution . [ links broken ] A back-of-the-envelope calc using Ar .
Notes : The current `` clean '' state of the above notes does n't reflect the flailing that I went through first . Thus misleading and potentially dispiriting to others trying something similar for the first time . So I note - the first draft was a mess . Doables : Improve intro - it 's still rough and does n't capture the concept . Encourage use , describe as tool . Give use parameters up front rather than buried in notes . Probability of direct hop atoms . Better mixing time . Atom 's perspective , lung hopping . Pretty this up trip , hand , signing , sunset , sail , personally applicable , trip begin/end , Phon . sailor , Rocky trade , Alps cross , sistine , franklin , magna carta , how to choose ? Where does this belong on the site ? Is link to ` Deep understanding ' really appropriate ? Discuss as example of big numbers interacting . Mention von C 's ` Fermi Solution ' . Did Paulos also have something like this ?
> > Review
Remember those kids in the lunchroom who 'd claim they had the best idea for a video game ever ? They 'd always have ridiculous scope , whether it was a city where you could explore every building , or a racing game that mapped every road in the country . But if you really think about it , does that sound fun ? Sure , it 'd be amazing for a little while , just to experiment , drive around your home town , or dig through some NPC 's desk drawers , but once the actual game starts all that stuff would just be extraneous .
Sometimes though , you need to at least try something once to see if it will work . Enter Scribblenauts , the game where you can type in almost any common noun in the English language and it will appear before your eyes . What do you do with all this power ? Well , you solve puzzles , of course !
But humans do n't work well with toolboxes that consist of everything in the known world . In fact , some of the most creative ventures come from the most limited palettes . Consider Forza 2 's car painting tool , where people recreate the Sistine Chapel on their cars using basic shapes and colors . Or look at Halo 3 's Forge , where budding level designers shape multiplayer maps out of crates and barrels . People need limits because they allow for experimentation and breaking boundaries .
Without well-defined limits , we tend to make our own . What works ? In Scribblenauts it 's all-too-often “ wings ” , “ grappling hook ” , and “ helicopter ” . Your personal toolbox may be slightly different , but it 's sure to be a fraction of the objects actually offered . By failing to cover every object interaction in the known world ( an impossible task ) , developer 5th Cell only fuels this quirk of human nature . For every real-world interaction that works in Scribblenauts , there are ten more equally sensible ones that fail . The result is a subjective universe , one in which 5th Cell is your god .
Technically , that 's not different from any other game – Hideo Kojima thinks most soldiers are legally blind , Infinity Ward thinks you can shake off a bullet wound , and Miyamoto thinks your teenage daughter is fat . But the rules in Metal Gear Solid , Call of Duty , and Wii Fit are so few that you quickly learn to adapt . In Scribblenauts , there are more rules than anyone can experience in a lifetime . So we experiment a bit – wings let us fly , a time bomb can be activated manually , engineers will pull switches – and with every discovery of what works our toolbox fills a bit more . Eventually , we 've limited ourselves to 10-20 objects out of thousands , and yet it 's enough to solve the entire game .
The further you delve into Scribblenauts , the more you 'll find things that do n't work , and the more you 'll limit your toolbox . But it 's not just the fault of human nature and the game 's subjective universe – the more complicated things get , the more Scribblenauts reveals itself to be broken . The game uses the stylus for almost everything from moving your character Max , to picking up objects , or dropping them into the environment . The result is not unlike the overuse of the A button in Gears of War . Putting all their eggs in one basket leads to conflicts , frustration , and mad button/stylus mashing that only exacerbates the issue .
The thing is , you eventually adjust to Gears of War , because the A button may be overused , but it always works in its current context . Scribblenauts is actually broken . Often , Max simply wo n't respond , and if they do he 'll walk too far ahead , flailing wildly and getting themselves killed . The camera does n't help either because it insists on snapping back to Max every half-second . Try performing objectives with Max off-screen , and before you know it he 'll be swimming in lava or running towards a T. rex .
As Max searches for any excuse to kill himself , the more challenging puzzles will leave you less and less likely to experiment – there 's no sense in introducing further trial and error . With hundreds of puzzles in the game , it becomes trivial to skip the harder ones , until that 's all that 's left . Eventually you 'll find yourself begging for scraps of fun while wading in the shallow end of a giant pool of content .
For some people , this will be enough . Simply seeing all the objects they can think of will be worth the price of admission . But for those looking for an actual game , Scribblenauts is more likely to leave you bored , frustrated , and worst of all creatively-drained .
Still , 5th Cell deserves some credit for trying . Scribblenauts may fail on many accounts , but it 's still an important and ambitious title . Perhaps one day it will even be held in high regard , as a stepping stone to a much more fun and entertaining game .
About this mod adds red/green/blue to each of the interior room types , aswell as many additions including new glasswalls , tubes , items and holoscreens . for 1.3.4 Requirements This mod does not have any known dependencies other than the base game . Mods requiring this file Mod name Notes The Gunboat Enyo II TSV Amundsen III USS ENTERPRISE ( NCC-1701 ) Permissions and credits Author 's instructions File credits Elliptic Games Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points
Thanks for downlading More Interiors ( formerly `` More Tiles '' mod )
This mod adds red/green/blue to each of the interior room types , aswell as many additions including 2 new tilesets ( currently Disabled until crashed solved ) , new glasswalls , doors , airlocks , tubes , pillars , items and holoscreens
More colors will be added in the future over time ( yellow/orange/purple etc . )
toilets , sinks , and such utilities now have sounds and effects
1.3.4 Update : Re-added some of the modded tilesets to the mod , specifically View Corridor and a holoscreen version of the normal corridor , will add more in the future : )
Hello everyone ! Some of you have requested us to make a status update , so here we go .
Packaging
Quite a bit has happened with Linux packaging this month .
Packages for Ubuntu Yakkety ( 16.10 ) are available . Our packaging team prepared for the new Ubuntu release beforehand , packaging clients for Ubuntu Yakkety while it was still in the beta , so all of our clients were available for Ubuntu Yakkety on the day of its release .
Packages for Ubuntu Vivid ( 15.04 ) and Ubuntu Wily ( 15.10 ) were removed . We have mentioned in the previous blog post that we would like to remove them at some point , as Ubuntu Vivid and Ubuntu Wily have reached EOL , and addition of packages for the new Ubuntu release served as that point .
Empty package repositories were removed . These repositories existed because we considered packaging for them at one point , but because of cross-compilation complexity and lack of required dependencies on older distribution versions we decided not to package for them . For example , we did n't have any packages for armel architecture and for Ubuntu Trusty release . This caused some confusion as some Tox users would see these package repositories available and add them , thinking that they contained Tox clients , when in fact they were empty .
qTox packages were removed from all package repositories . In the previous blog post we mentioned that Encrypt was going to take over the maintenance of qTox packages , but because of personal reasons they are not able to volunteer as much of their free time as they hoped they could . We decided that it 's a bad idea to serve unmaintained packages to our users , so we had to remove them . Although there are no more qTox packages in our https : //pkg.tox.chat package repository , you can still get qTox packages from the openSUSE Build Service package repository , which qTox developers advertise as the recommended place to get qTox packages , and which is linked on the Download page of our website .
iOS
Antidote , the Tox client for iOS developer by dvor , is now on the App Store . Get it , try it out and send your feedback to Antidote 's developer by either writing a review on the App Store or submitting a bug report/feature request to the issue tracker !
Toxcore
irungentoo/toxcore
Not much has happened with irungentoo/toxcore . Incorrect permissions set by tox-boostrapd [ 1 ] and bug in LAN discovery code [ 2 ] were fixed . A bug in development branch which resulted in a crash of Toxcore [ 3 ] was fixed .
TokTok/c-toxcore
A lot of internal changes were done in TokTok/c-toxcore in order to make it more testable and to improve the code quality in general . Compliance with the C standard was improved [ 4 ] . Callbacks thoughout Toxcore have become stateless ( ToxAv is comign next ) , which will help with bindings for the languages with managed memory [ 5 ] . ABI backward compatibility support was improved [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] . Toxcore was made compatible with C++ , allowing us to use C++ compiler to catch some type casing issues [ 8 ] , [ 9 ] . The existing test suite was improved [ 10 ] . Group chat API was rewritten to follow the guidelines of the current API [ 11 ] . Generally a lot of other code improvements happened .
To allow easier transition of clients from irungentoo/toxcore to TokTok/c-toxcore , 0.0.1 version of TokTok/c-toxcore was released , which would make it possible for clients to support both Toxcores at the same time . µTox nightly has already transitioned to using TokTok/c-toxcore , which means that the next release of µTox will be using TokTok/c-toxcore . Antidote , Antox and qTox also have plans on switching to TokTok/c-toxcore .
Support for UPnP and NAT-PMP is coming to Toxcore soon . UPnP and NAT-PMP are port forwarding mechanisms , they allow programs to automatically setup a port forwarding rules on users ' routers without users having to manually do this . This solves the issue of routers not allowing someone you have not communicated with before to send you data , improving Tox 's networking performance , as the hole punching workaround would not be needed to get around this anymore .
That 's all that has happened during last couple months , until the next update !
TORONTO – The pain has subsided , but there are still occasional bouts of indigestion .
By almost every measurement , Mike Babcock 's second season behind the Toronto Maple Leafs bench has started better than their first . There are two points more in the bank through 20 games than a year ago , and they were earned using a lineup that is two years younger per player , on average .
That dramatic youth movement is responsible for a large portion of what 's happened here over the first six weeks – most of it good , some of it not so good .
Babcock established a target of earning six points for every five-game segment of the schedule , and the 8-8-4 Leafs are currently lagging four points behind that pace . But they 're still within reach of the wild card teams in the Eastern Conference and hope to remain in the playoff hunt .
“ [ After ] our first 20 games , we 're .500 and have 20 points , ” Babcock said following Wednesday 's 5-4 shootout loss in New Jersey . “ It gives us a chance , which is real positive for our group . We 've got a young group that 's going to get better . It 's very evident when you watch us play we 've got lots to work on . ”
What the first quarter of the schedule shows as much as anything is that they 've made some significant strides since a 30th-place finish . Here 's a statistical look at how the Maple Leafs stack up through 20 games this season vs. where they were last year :
Score-Adjusted Corsi
2015-16 : 48 per cent ( 23rd in NHL )
2016-17 : 51.1 per cent ( 13th in NHL )
Shots Per Game
2015-16 : 29.7
2016-17 : 32.2
Shots Against Per Game
2015-16 : 31.3
2016-17 : 33.2
Goals For
2015-16 : 46
2016-17 : 62
Goals Against
2015-16 : 53
2016-17 : 67
Power Play
2015-16 : 21 per cent ( 9th in NHL )
2016-17 : 21.1 per cent ( 11th in NHL )
Penalty Kill
2015-16 : 80.6 per cent ( 16th in NHL )
2016-17 : 82 per cent ( 14th in NHL )
There 's a fair bit to unpack here .
Toronto is generating more shots and significantly more goals – nearly one per game , on average – and much of that can be attributed to an infusion of talent .
Auston Matthews , Mitch Marner and William Nylander are big offensive upgrades while Zach Hyman , Connor Brown and defenceman Connor Carrick have helped around the margins .
This is exactly what the organization envisioned when it brought all the kids in at the same time . In fact , they 've probably made an even larger impact than expected .
However , some obvious problem spots remain .
The shots and goals against are both up from last year , and ca n't entirely be linked to the slow start by No . 1 goalie Frederik Andersen or some spotty outings from backup Jhonas Enroth .
Defensive play will continue to be a huge focal point for a coaching staff that has continued to preach the same fundamentals system-wise since the start of training camp .
The belief internally is that improvement will show over time as the younger players get more comfortable and make fewer mistakes .
How much progress they 're able to make will likely determine whether they remain in the playoff chase , especially since Andersen has turned their game around dramatically in November .
Overall , the numbers paint the picture of a team that has a place in the post-season discussion – complete with respectable specialty teams and an ability to generate offence at an elite level .
The Leafs of 2016-17 certainly bear little resemblance to the team that stumbled to the finish that brought Matthews to Toronto .
Perhaps the most telling statistic comes from the seven rookies who have combined to record 71 points already .
Last year , the Leafs only got 44 for the entire season from players eligible to win the Calder Trophy .
No wonder there 's been a noticeable boost in some areas you ca n't tangibly measure – optimism and enthusiasm – with this group .
“ I think from a fan 's perspective there 's a little more excitement now than there has been in the past , ” veteran centre Tyler Bozak said earlier this week . “ Just with the faces we have in here , the young guys and the talent they have . So I think that 's good . ”
Even on the off-nights , Babcock would surely agree .
Outraged that employees in their organization had begun placing recycling bins throughout The Blaze 's headquarters and studio and replaced individual water bottles with a water cooler , Glenn Beck brought the Vice President of Studio Operations onto their radio program today to explain why these changes were taking place .
When they claimed that doing so was saving the company money , Beck not only did n't buy it but also did n't really care and instead issued a new company-wide policy that any employee who buys a compact fluorescent light bulb when non-CFL options are available will be fired .
“ Global warming is a pile of crap , ” Beck declared , adding that they would be issuing a memo informing everyone that “ if anyone does anything in this company because of global warming , they 're fired ” :
U.S. Representative Mo Brooks ( R-Ala ) raised a lot of eyebrows last month when they described a “ war on whites ” being waged by those holding most of the power in our society .
Brooks is exactly right . All kinds of policies designed to decimate and marginalize people of European heritage are continuing unabated , even ramping up–especially where the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development is concerned . Our government is putting in place ever-more heavy-handed programs to punish and prevent white people from engaging in freedom of association or gathering together , incidentally or otherwise , in communities .
Specifically , as reported in an article titled Team Obama Steps Up Racial Standards For Neighborhoods by Chris Stirewalt on the FOX News website , HUD has undertaken a massive push to usher in and enforce new regulations and racial tracking databases designed to move certain minorities into predominantly white areas , for no other reason than the so-called authorities see it as unfair that some areas are more heavily populated by whites–and that those areas are safer , with more and better amenities , services , schools , and so on .
Stirewalt 's piece describes the state-of-the-art software programs being deployed to compile information and special maps detailing the ethnic and racial composition of residential zones , and how a vast war chest of funds will be leveraged against state , local , and private entities who might not otherwise join in what resembles a military-style campaign to “ affirmatively further ” recruiting and moving non-whites into previously white residential areas .
Trending : WATCH : ‘ How Jussie Smollett REHEARSED Their Attack ' Is HILARIOUS
Aside from the obvious , bizarre , and wrong-headed sociological ramifications of this scheme , one can only imagine the runaway slush-subsidies involved in such a Soviet-style boondoggle .
In a speech to the NAACP , the current Secretary of Housing and Urban Development , Shaun Donovan , said , “ Make no mistake : This is a big deal . With the HUD budget alone , we are talking about billions of dollars . ”
Rather than merely use laws and regulations to punish anyone caught engaging in deliberate exclusion of minorities , as in the bureaucrats ' historic model , the new effort is oriented toward using the massive federal purse strings to threaten withholding of money for HUD grants in order to coerce local zoning boards , county commissions , and real estate licensing bureaus into helping eradicate white enclaves and to inject them with “ diversity . ”
Diversity , for those who have n't realized it by now , is code for anti-white genocide . The definition of genocide , according to all authoritative dictionaries ( specifically , Miriam-Webster 's here ) includes “ the systematic and deliberate destruction of a racial , political , or cultural group . ”
If a given state or local agency is at all dependent on HUD grant money , writes Stirewalt , “ The way those agencies interact with developers , realtors , and homeowners associations will need to reflect the federal push for diversity . ”
HUD pans to use Census data and other inputs to compile “ report cards ” to score communities based on how much “ diversity ” exists or does n't exist in a given area . The report cards will chiefly take the form of maps using green and blue dots to indicate the prevalence of black and white ( respectively ) occupants in an area .
From Stirewalt 's jaw-dropping article : “ HUD wants a more even distribution of blue and green dots in the city and if you are planning a new subdivision or a realtor looking to sign potential buyers up for FHA loans , the dot distribution is something the Obama administration wants you to be mindful of . And your local zoning board , county commission or state real estate licensing bureau ought to be mindful too , since their funding could depend on it . ”
The fuller implications of all of this abuse of government power for a racially-motivated , dystopian political agenda are , to my mind , truly horrific . Stirewalt 's piece goes into just a surface sampling of them , if you care to read it .
Yesterday I spotted a text-graphic meme circulating on social media , posted by Right Wing News , which captures perfectly what I believe to be the very heart of the matter here . It goes like this :
In the 1980s , we were prepared to fight a ground war across Central Europe and risk a full-on nuclear engagement to protect the world from governments just like the one we have in D.C. now .
Let that sink in for a minute .
Please make your vote count .
Russia celebrates Victory Day on May 9 . This year 's event marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union 's defeat of Nazi Germany with a military parade in Moscow . On both occasions - in 1995 and in 2005 - Western leaders attended . Then , there was a sense of hope for a new relationship between the West and Russia .
According to Nina Khrushcheva this year 's celebration will only see a handful of `` high-profile guests '' , mainly `` the leaders of China , India , and North Korea '' . Yet a week ago Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov announced that Kim Jong-un would not attend the ceremony in Moscow , saying the North Korean leader had decided to stay at home due to `` internal issues '' .
Russia had sent dozens of invitations to foreign leaders to this commemorative event . But many have decided to stay away due to Russia 's annexation of Crimea and actions in eastern Ukraine . Chinese and Greek leaders Xi Jinping and Alexis Tsipras are expected to attend . The Czech President Milos Zeman and Slovakia 's Prime Minister Robert Fico have said they will take part in the commemorations , but skip the parade . Viktor Orbán , Hungary 's prime minister , is staying at home , and so is the country 's president . Aleksander Lukashenko , the president of Belarus , a member of Russian-led Eurasian Economic Union , is n't going to turn up either . Islam Karimov , the president of Uzbekistan , and their Turkmen counterpart , Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow are coming .
Angela Merkel will not be there for May 9 , but will travel to Moscow the following day . It shows how they had weighed up what decision to make . On the one hand they know all too well the historical and present complex relationship between Berlin and Moscow . On the other they are also aware of Germany 's responsibility and culpability . They ca n't stay away , but does n't want to attend the parade because of how Putin has manipulated it , making the Soviet Red Army as a liberator , instead of an oppressor . However they have found a compromise worthy of war veterans and the huge suffering of the people of the Soviet Union . They will lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier on May 10 , together with Putin , to honour the memory of the millions who died during the Second World War .
Nina Khrushcheva mentions Robert Paxton 's 1966 book `` Parades and Politics at Vichy '' , that tells how Philippe Pétain , Hitler 's stooge in France under German occupation , `` used pageantry , reactionary politics '' to show the world that their regime mattered . Paxton , a historian specialising in Vichy France , fascism , and Europe during the World War II would see some parallels between Pétain 's France and Putin 's Russia - a police state .
Pétain was lauded as France 's saviour and Putin is hailed as a leader , who tries to restore Russia 's former glory . Putin would no doubt agree with Pétain 's puritanism , who replaced France 's national motto of `` liberté , égalité and fraternité '' with `` travail , familie , patrie '' ( work , family , fatherland ) . Pétain called for family values , forbade women to wear revealing clothing , abhorred divorce and demanded that women be mothers . Putin would also share these views .
In 1940 , a majority of politicians of the right and left agreed with the new French fascism . As Paxton said : `` Never had so many Frenchmen been ready to accept discipline and authority . '' The same in Russia , Putin 's foreign policies are widely supported by many Russians and they are ready to put up with hardships and bear the brunt of international sanctions .
