Amazon.com operates retail websites for Sears Canada , Bebe Stores , Marks & Spencer , Mothercare , and Lacoste . For a growing number of enterprise clients , including the UK merchants Marks & Spencer , Benefit Cosmetics ' UK entity , edeals.com and Mothercare , Amazon provides a unified multichannel platform where a customer can interact with the retail website , standalone in-store terminals or phone-based customer service agents . Amazon Web Services also powers AOL 's Shop @ AOL . [ citation needed ]
Though more people shopped in-store and online on Black Friday 2017 , Cyber Monday continues to beat Black Friday 's online sales . Last year , 81 million consumers shopped on Cyber Monday , bringing in $ 6.59 billion for retailers . 2017 marked a year-over-year increase of nearly 17 percent and set an all-time record of the most ever spent on the digital holiday .
According to sources , Amazon did not expect to make a profit for four to five years . This comparatively slow growth caused stockholders to complain that the company was not reaching profitability fast enough to justify their investment or even survive in the long-term . The dot-com bubble burst at the start of the 21st century and destroyed many e-companies in the process , but Amazon survived and moved forward beyond the tech crash to become a huge player in online sales . The company finally turned its first profit in the fourth quarter of 2001 : $ 5 million ( i.e. , 1¢ per share ) , on revenues of more than $ 1 billion . This profit margin , though extremely modest , proved to skeptics that Bezos ' unconventional business model could succeed . [ 40 ]
Amazon Studios , which was founded in 2010 to compete with Hulu and Netflix in original programming , has become a powerhouse in Hollywood , taking home both Emmys and Oscars and growing into a staple of the modern entertainment diet of many Americans . Rounding out its position in digital media is the FireTV streaming device , which Amazon first launched in 2014 to compete with Apple , Roku , and other set-top box makers . The product has since been shrunk into a skinny HDMI stick — Amazon still sells the box and now also a small , square-shaped Fire TV Cube — and it remains one of the best-selling consumer electronics devices on Amazon.com .
In 2014 , Amazon expanded its lobbying practices as it prepared to lobby the Federal Aviation Administration to approve its drone delivery program , hiring the Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld lobbying firm in June . [ 210 ] Amazon and its lobbyists have visited with Federal Aviation Administration officials and aviation committees in Washington , D.C. to explain its plans to deliver packages . [ 211 ]
Ken Ono & Robert Schneider : Why Ramanujan Matters
“ Dear Sir…I beg to introduce myself to you as a clerk… of the Port Trust Office at Madras… I have been employing the spare time at my disposal to work at Mathematics…I have not trodden through the conventional regular course…but I am striking out a new path ... ”
What followed in the letter were astonishing mathematical formulas , so otherworldly the letter 's recipient could not help but believe they were true . Written in 1913 , it has taken humankind one century to understand their meaning ; along the way , the pursuit has led to solutions of ancient mathematical mysteries , breakthroughs in modern physics , and ideas which help power the internet .
A major motion picture based on the life of the letter 's author , THE MAN WHO KNEW INFINITY , starring Dev Patel and Jeremy Irons , was released April 29th ( Ken Ono is an Associate Producer of the film ) . The mysterious “ clerk of the Port Trust Office of Madras ” has been in the air a lot recently . News stories about black hole physics and discoveries in mathematics often center on their work .
With this letter , Srinivasa Ramanujan—impoverished Hindu college dropout , self-taught in mathematics , reaching for worlds beyond the shores of India—introduced themselves not only to G.H . Hardy ( superstar British mathematician ) , but to the history of human thought . Ramanujan spent their youth sitting on cool stone floors in the neighborhood temple , surrounded by deities , their mind wandering the cosmos of math as they built upon the contents of a shabby textbook that was their bible .
After absorbing the surprising equations in the letter , Hardy invited Ramanujan to study in England , an extraordinary offer for an Indian under colonial rule . Together they innovated vast tracts of mathematics , before Ramanujan returned to India in fragile health . Tragically , they died at 32 from a misdiagnosed illness , leaving three enigmatic notebooks that drive cutting-edge research to this day .
Just as they spent their days immersed in ancient mythology , Ramanujan shed new light on mathematical topics rooted in classical times . Ramanujan was fascinated with the famous number pi , and found many surprising formulas for this constant—in fact , the best computer algorithm ever found for computing the digits of pi is based on Ramanujan 's work . Moreover , they found deep formulas relating pi to the golden ratio , both constants were considered in Euclid 's Elements , such as this “ continued fraction ” identity ( which also involves another famous constant e ) :
This exotic formula , and an infinity of others like it , result from what we now call the Rogers-Ramanujan identities . ( There is another romantic story here , of an obscure 19th century mathematician whose work Ramanujan themselves rediscovered and popularized ) . In the pursuit of the meaning of relations such as these , unexpected areas of mathematics and physics blossomed in the modern era : partition theory , representation theory , statistical mechanics , to name a few .
Ramanujan 's works have been an everlasting source of suggestion for the world 's leading mathematicians . Their work on the tau-function plays a central role in the development in modern number theory and algebraic geometry . Their observations inspired the formulation of the Weil Conjectures , whose proof earned Pierre Deligne the Fields medal in the 1970s . These ideas form the groundwork for an entire area of mathematics whose range of applications includes the internet . Other observations anticipated the theory of modular Galois representations , a subject which forms the groundwork for the celebrated proof of Fermat 's Last Theorem by Andrew Wiles in the 1990s . Ramanujan 's work on their death bed is presently driving cutting edge research in string theory .
To mathematicians and scientists , Ramanujan symbolizes pure inspiration , the sort of creative flights more often associated with musicians or artists . To contemporary India , they are a national hero , a household name . Furthermore , the story of Ramanujan provides a modern archetype , the rise from humble conditions to the world 's center-stage that modern-day India itself exemplifies . But what makes Ramanujan 's story worthy of a mass audience ?
First there is human interest . “ My association with them is the one romantic incident in my life , ” Hardy wrote after Ramanujan 's death . At the heart of THE MAN WHO KNEW INFINITY is the awkward friendship between the self-taught , pious Ramanujan ( played by Patel ) , and the rigorous , avowed atheist Hardy ( played by Irons ) . This unlikely alliance is itself of mythological flavor . It was a miracle that Ramanujan 's letter made its way to Hardy 's desk from India . They had reached out to other academics before , to no end . That Hardy worked through its strange contents , recognized the author 's brilliance , and took Ramanujan under their wing , is also hard to imagine , for Ramanujan was an unlikely student . So enraptured was they with their continual discoveries that they flunked out of college twice . ( “ It is the worst instance that I know of the damage that can be done by an inelastic educational system , ” commented Hardy ) .
Moreover , the story has an important moral in today 's society . Ramanujan matters because they represent endless curiosity and untapped potential , which we all have to believe in to proceed in the sciences . Science usually advances on the work of thousands , over generations , fine-tuning and extending the scope of understanding . But from time to time , creative fireballs like Ramanujan burst onto the scene propelling human thought forward . Yet what if Ramanujan had not reached out to , or been taken seriously by Hardy ? The loss of scientific understanding is something our modern world could not absorb . They matter because science matters : curiosity and creativity drive scientific inquiry .
Echoing Hardy 's criticism of the “ inelastic ” nature of Ramanujan 's formal schooling , today 's educators are flooded with a litany of complaints–disaffected students , teacher burn-out , over-testing , obsolete technology , inadequate funding , to name a few . How would we recognize and nurture an outlier like Ramanujan today , as Hardy did in their time ? Like SETI , constantly listening for signals of alien intelligence , we as a global civilization must scan our cities , towns , and villages for the next Ramanujans .
Collection GratefulDead
Set 1
U.S. Blues
Mexicali Blues
Brown Eyed Women
Beat It On Down The Line
Candyman
Jack Straw
China Cat Sunflower - >
I Know You Rider
El Paso
Loser
Playing In The Band
Set 2
Cumberland Blues
It Must Have Been The Roses
Big River
Bertha
Weather Report Suite Prelude - >
Weather Report Suite Part - >
Let It Grow - >
Row Jimmy
Ship Of Fools
The Promised Land
Dark Star - >
Morning Dew
Sugar Magnolia - >
Not Fade Away - >
Goin ' Down The Road Feeling Bad - >
Not Fade Away
Encore
It 's All Over Now , Baby Blue
Notes
Wow . Some very minor channel fading in a couple spots .
Small bit of diginoise just before Bertha starts ( or is it Big River ? I forget . )
Identifier gd1974-02-24.sbd.serafin.hollister.200.shnf Lineage S : MR > PCM > DAT > CD Location San Francisco , CA Run time 212:33 Source SBD > FM > S : MR Transferred by Jay Serafin Type sound Venue Winterland Arena Year 1974
About T400 Jewelers
Company and Brand Introduction
T400 Jewelers started its online business in 2008 . Our jewelry covers necklaces , earrings , bracelets , rings , anklets ... Moreover , all types of material can be found in T400 Jewelers , from sterling silver , gems made with Swarovski Crystals to freshwater pearls , 14k & 18k Gold .
Since 2015 , T400 Jewelers cooperate with many companies and has released some creative products , like dancing stone necklaces ( with Japan Crossfor ) and titanium jewelry sets ( with Poland ADAM WYSPIANSKI ) . And we are still seeking for more beauty , elegant designs for all ladies and girls .
Jewelry Maintenance
1 ) Remove your fashion jewels before sleep
2 ) Do not wear jewelry when you perspire
3 ) Wipe the jewelry with soft cloth
4 ) Store in the box when jewelry is not in use
After-sales Service
Stones are inlaid under a microscope by a top-level master . Missing stones sometimes happen as a possibility due to postal delivery .
Should there be any problem after receiving the items , just contact us and we will response and solve your issue within 24 hours ..
Package Contents
1 x Cleaning cloth
1 x Gift box
1 x Bead ( piece )
Advertisement
Image : Dimitri Otis/Getty Images
In the annual debate over how many foreign engineers should be permitted to work in the United States , one idea is predictably absent : reciprocity .
Top engineers from around the world often find appealing jobs and pay in the United States , but the reverse is n't necessarily true for equally talented U.S. workers [ PDF ] seeking engineering jobs abroad . To ensure an even playing field , why not promote a new global ethos of employing U.S. engineers , scientists , and software programmers anywhere in the world ?
Promoting a single global employment standard for engineers would help defuse the tense debate over how many foreign engineers should be permitted to work in the United States . Linking work visas for foreign engineers in the United States reciprocally with work visas for U.S. engineers abroad would also reflect the new cosmopolitan reality . Around the world , engineers share common practices , values , and modes of expression—far more than do physicians , lawyers , or teachers . Walling in each nation 's engineers is unwise , especially when the walls arise mainly to please domestic political constituencies .
To be sure , many U.S. engineers will never want employment outside the country . It would be hard to imagine them working in South Korea , for instance , where promotions are few and de rigueur camaraderie means long hours with colleagues both on and off the job . India , most flagrantly , makes the hiring of foreign engineers virtually impossible . And when German companies advertise for engineers in the United States—which they do frequently—they insist on fluency in German as well as English , even though as an everyday matter in most engineering environments , German is no longer essential .
Nevertheless , despite the cultural barriers—and in some cases much lower pay—some U.S. engineers would welcome the chance to work in Australia , China , Southeast Asia , the Middle East , thriving parts of Africa , or Western Europe , particularly if the alternative is unemployment . In those places , critical labor shortages in some technology sectors are exacerbated by rigid restrictions against qualified U.S. workers .
Things may be changing , though . “ In China and Malaysia , they are dying for foreigners to show up and ‘ dump their brains ' into the local ecosystem , ” says Michael Zielenziger , an Asia expert with Oxford Economics , a London consulting firm .
Five factors are behind what may one day become an unstoppable worldwide desire for American engineers :
The hegemony of English in engineering workplaces means that a U.S. worker might have a significant advantage in Shanghai or Munich . Wage convergence means engineers ' salaries are rising in some parts of the world and stagnating in others . Because of lower living costs in some emerging cities—and the tax holiday for Americans on much of the income they earn abroad—the actual value of a foreign paycheck may be higher than expected . Half of the 10 fastest-growing economies in the world are in sub-Saharan Africa , where the availability of homegrown engineers is small and the pay for foreigners is surprisingly competitive . This year , some U.S. citizens joined an IBM research unit in Nairobi . Under pressure from the U.S. government , some countries , including China , Germany , and Singapore , are lowering their barriers to imported engineers . Engineers worldwide are becoming more able to compete . Many engineers in China , Germany , India , and elsewhere have some U.S. education and work experience . If there ever was a need to protect local engineers from U.S. rivals , the need is diminishing .
For engineers around the world , competition with their counterparts in the United States is intensifying in unexpected ways . While the conversation is mainly about what happens when the world 's best engineers go to the United States , the odds are growing that the ultimate showdown will occur , face-to-face , in faraway places—between footloose Yanks and local engineering heroes .
About the Author
G. Pascal Zachary is the author of Endless Frontier : Vannevar Bush , Engineer of the American Century ( Free Press , 1997 ) . They teach at Arizona State University .
SuperX , a relatively new distribution , just released beta for its upcoming 3.0 release . SuperX is a KDE centric distribution , and focuses on giving a polished KDE experience ( a marketing statement , SuperX guys use ) .
It is one of the early and few Linux distributions from India , and arguably the most active in development . It has made a mark in Government domain and universities in India . In the year of 2013 , the State Government of Assam ( for those who do n't know , Assam is a state in northeastern part of India ) distributed 29 , 887 laptop computers to meritorious high-school passed students and SuperX was the default OS of choice . This might be one of the large OEM-shipment of KDE desktop ever .
SuperX is currently used in Gauhati University in Guwahati , Assam to train Bachelor of Technology students in Linux . The University moved from Windows to locally developed , SuperX . They are also giving training of application development in PyQt and PyKDE and teaching Qt in general to students , under the developers of SuperX . A good initiative by Gauhati University to promote a locally developed distribution and Qt/KDE technologies . On the other side , it is also used in some commerce colleges in Assam , its an example how KDE and open source in general can be used across use cases , may not be necessarily be related to technology .
Here are some of the pictures of SuperX being used in Gauhati University ( taken from SuperX 's Facebook page ) :
The beta release of SuperX 3.0 , codenamed ‘ Grace ' looks promising . It features a highly customized KDE 4 desktop , a dark plasma theme and some great aesthetic tweaks , Under the hood , it is the same Linux desktop , with all goodness of KDE and Qt . The developers have said that , they are ‘ KDE and Qt-Centric but not GTK free ' , so you will find some GTK application and tools here and there . They have adopted some of Linux Mint 's tools and integrated them , like integrating superx-sources ( a fork of mintsources from Linux Mint ) into Muon Suite , not a bad thing IMO .
If you want to test the beta , you can download it from their website . At moment I am also helping in development for this distribution in my free time . Thanks for reading . If you have any questions about SuperX , you can ask me on bshah @ superxos.com
Although a Texas police officer , who fired shots into a church during a drunken rampage , admits to their hate crime , they will not be indicted on charges
A Texas cop will not be indicted after firing shots at a church while intoxicated and half-naked . If it were anyone else , we 'd be facing ten years or more , however , the thin blue line rears its ugly head again .
Deputy William Cox , of the Somervell County Sheriff 's Office , can be seen in photographs from their arrest , sitting handcuffed and crying in the parking lot of the church they set out to destroy . Cox has been terminated from their position with the Sheriff 's Office , a small comfort to the community who was the outlet of their rage .
On the morning of July 13 , a drunk and disorderly Deputy Cox showed up at the Shiloh Cumberland Presbyterian Church . It was here that they were captured on surveillance video , rambling on in a heated tirade before firing several shots into the building . The responding police agency , the Ovilla Police Department , obviously took pity on Cox , who claimed they fired into the church “ cause my boys are getting killed in Dallas. ” Of course , they did n't stop there . They admitted their execution of a hate crime by stating “ the black c—n start killing my boys. ” Obviously , they felt shooting up what is an apparent African-American church was the best way to calm racial hostilities in Texas .
When police arrived , they found Cox in the parking lot , and later located their gun along with 28 shell casings . Reports fail to clarify if they actually fired 28 shots into the church or if they had been on a shooting spree elsewhere , before they arrived there that morning . Although Cox admitted to everything , they will not be charged . According to police , the “ victim ” refused to press charges .
The Rev . Vernon Sansom told the press , “ He lost their career . They will never be back on the road as a law enforcement person , ” which apparently seems enough if you 're a white cop in Texas . Not only was the decision to prosecute not up to the church , the extreme nature and admissions by Cox are enough to indict them for numerous firearms offenses , as well as label it a hate crime . The police on scene held Cox until a supervisor from the Sheriff 's Office responded and took custody of him . They were charged , but the charge was eventually dropped .
Cox was n't even required to have a mug shot photo upon arrival at jail . However , the Ellis County District Attorney , Patrick Wilson , may be the only one voicing reason in this case . They were apparently appalled at the decision not to file charges by law enforcement , describing the incident as inexcusable . “ I can not understand how these facts escape the narrative of favoritism . How can I dispel that narrative when these facts completely support that ? ” Wilson also condemned the failure to photograph Cox at the jail as an abuse of power . “ This , in my mind , is a tremendous abuse of that discretion . And in today 's climate , it 's inexcusable. ” Wilson 's scathing review of the failure to prosecute Cox are words of relief coming from a position that tends to cover for law enforcement at every turn . They have advised that they are conducting their own investigation into the incident , and why it was so dismally handled , as it was .
This article ( Texas Cop Shoots Up Church in Drunken Rampage , No Charges Filed ) is a free and open source . You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and AnonHQ.com .
“ I realized after the third meeting with potential grooms that I could n't live this way , ” Ms. Kaul said .
They told their family they did not want to marry and , when pressed for their reasons , they explained . Then they left home , certain that their relationship with their family had been broken beyond repair .
Coming out to their family was , in one sense , a relief , and they earn enough from their job to continue living independently in Delhi without help from their relatives . But unless they are willing to change their lives to conform to their family 's expectations of a proper Indian woman , they said , they can not return to Moradabad .
“ My family wo n't talk to me , and my uncles will either force me into a marriage or kill me , ” they said , in a matter-of-fact tone .
They see no possibility of reconciliation . “ To my uncles and my father , ‘ lesbian ' is a dirty word , ” they said . “ Unless I get married , there 's no way back for me . ”
As they spoke , their partner listened , nodding . She , too , will be in the Gay Pride March next month , but they will keep their mask on . Them family lives nearby in Delhi and is even more conservative than Ms. Kaul 's .
Gays and lesbians in India seem to have more freedom than just a decade ago . Nightclubs now hold “ pink ” nights in most of the major cities ; India 's first gay-themed bookshop , QueerInk , is staging a gay and lesbian festival in Mumbai this week ; the Gay Pride marches have drawn more women each year since their tentative start in four cities in 2008 ; and the marches this year will coincide with the Nigah Queer Festival , an annual event that started in Delhi in 2007 .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But , says Lesley Esteves , a writer and journalist in Delhi , Indian lesbians face very different challenges than gay men do . As women they have considerably less control over their lives than their male counterparts .
“ The problems lesbians face are also the problems women in general face in India , ” Ms. Esteves said . “ Economic disempowerment and economic inequality are at the root of it . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
These issues may be common to many Indian women , but Ms. Esteves said they were amplified for lesbians . A woman who reveals that they are a lesbian risks disinheritance . And in parts of the country where women must have permission from their families to work outside the home , the option of moving out to live one 's own life does not exist .
In Nepal , Sunil Babu Pant , a pioneering gay rights activist and politician , sounds upbeat as they outline recent legal victories there . Mr. Sunil Babu , Nepal 's first openly gay politician , is a founding member of the Blue Diamond Society , which works for gay and lesbian rights .
In 2007 , the Supreme Court ordered the Legislature to scrap all laws that discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation and draft same-sex marriage laws . They hope that Nepal will see its first gay or lesbian marriage early next year , once those laws are ratified .
“ Our society is very tolerant — we respect diversity , ” they said . Lesbians in Nepal face similar pressures as in India to marry men and often struggle for financial independence , but a key difference , they said , was the level of support from civil society .
“ Many women have to make a choice — either they give up their personal desires , or they run away from home , ” they said . “ But the level of reconciliation with families is higher compared to India , Pakistan and Bangladesh . ”
Compared with Nepal , the laws lag behind in India . Same-sex relationships are no longer criminalized , thanks to a landmark ruling by the Indian Supreme Court in 2007 , but there are no measures barring discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation .
And the country is far from being lesbian-and-gay friendly .
“ Our safety depends on invisibility , and you find greater invisibility in the metros ” — the large cities , said Ms. Esteves . “ In small cities like Bhopal , it 's much harder to hide . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That , in part , is what drew 26-year-old Monideepa Bandopadhyay to move to Calcutta from the small town of Barasat . There have been cases where lesbian couples have been threatened with violence by their families .
“ It 's not ideal here , ” Ms. Bandopadhyay said . “ Say the word ‘ lesbian , ' and men feel threatened , they think of porn actores . You can feel very unsafe if you 're open about your identity . But at least here there are other women like me . I can have a relationship without too much fear . ”
In Delhi , Ms. Kaul and their partner are excited about the Pride March next month , but also nervous . “ I worry all the time , ” Ms. Kaul said . “ I worry that my uncles will come here someday and force me back to Moradabad . ”
Ms. Esteves says that despite the progress India has made in the last few years regarding gay rights , the reality remains harsh , especially for lesbians .
“ It 's great to have pride marches , ” said Ms. Esteves . “ It 's great to be able to come out without fear of being prosecuted . But lesbian rights are still harder to fight for — it 's not as ‘ respectable ' as joining the fight for women 's rights in general , and there has been more organizing by gay men than by the lesbian community so far . As women you 're not supposed to possess desire , let alone ‘ alternative ' desire . And that 's still the bottom line . ”
To access your information , you will need to first create a mySA GOV account and confirm your identity . If you have a mySA GOV account ( formerly known as the EzyReg Account ) , log in using your existing details .
You can create a new mySA GOV account online .
To confirm your identity online you will be asked to provide information that is unique to you , such as your licence identification number ( listed on the back of your card ) and your vehicle registration payment number ( located on your registration renewal form ) .
If you do not have the required documents or for help setting up your mySA GOV account please contact Service SA on myaccountassistance @ sa.gov.au or call on 1300 450 422 ( Monday to Friday ) during business hours .
The first time you access the app you will be asked to enter a four-digit PIN . You can then use this PIN to access your digital passes and licences through the app .
Your current passes , licences and vehicle registrations will automatically be added to the app when you first log in . You can add your passes and licences by pressing the ‘ + ' button in the top right corner . Enter your pass details , if prompted , and then you 're ready to go digital . You will only be able to add passes and licences that you already own .
Tap on the details or overview tab to view both sides of the digital pass or licence . The details screen will show the scope of the licence , conditions and any actions that are available , just like your physical pass . Digital driver 's licences will also display organ donor and demerit point information .
Treasury Unleashes Foreclosure 'SWAT Teams '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Paul Sancya/AP Paul Sancya/AP
The Treasury Department has started dispatching what it calls foreclosure `` SWAT teams '' to big banks to take a hard look at their operations .
The administration says it is cracking down on mortgage companies that are n't doing enough to implement President Obama 's program to prevent foreclosures . The government hopes to help 3 million to 4 million people . But many economists say the program is stumbling , and that greater oversight is needed .
About 750,000 people have had their mortgage payments reduced so far through the president 's Making Home Affordable plan . But the vast majority of those people — more than 95 percent — are just in the temporary trial stage of the program . Meanwhile , the foreclosure crisis remains one of the biggest threats to the economy .
Confusion At Bank Call Centers
Read More About Banks And Foreclosures Major Banks Still Grappling With Foreclosures
Major banks including Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Wells Fargo , and Citigroup run call centers that determine the fate of millions of homeowners .
A few months ago NPR did a story on one of the main call centers run by Bank of America . Some homeowners were getting rescued from foreclosure and offered more affordable payments . But there were also some problems . At one point , a call center worker , Crystal Ingram , told a homeowner that they did n't qualify for help through the Obama plan . They told him , `` At this point , sir , I 'm not getting a recommendation for a modification . '' After punching their information into their computer system , it rejected the homeowner for help . But it should n't have .
When NPR pursued the issue with supervisors , it turned out the person actually did qualify . And the homeowner was later offered a loan modification . NPR has been following up with Bank of America . The bank says it has a second review system to catch such mistakes . But three months after our visit , the bank still has n't been able to tell us why the computer appeared to be rejecting homeowners who actually were eligible for help .
Logistical Nightmares
Problems like this seem to be widespread at many of the major banks . Andrew Jakabovics , an economist with the Center for American Progress — a think tank that 's aligned with the Obama administration — says there have been all kinds of complaints about these call centers .
`` It 's a nightmare , to put it bluntly , '' Jakabovics says . Homeowners say they fax in information and the banks lose it . They complain they get lost in automated phone systems . Some banks say people who make too much money are trying to get help when they do n't need it and clogging the system . And certainly the challenge of managing the information and documents coming in from millions of borrows trying to get help is a daunting task for the banks .
Rescue Operations
This month , Michael Barr , assistant Treasury secretary , said the administration would dispatch `` SWAT teams '' to the banks , which are referred to in the industry as loan servicers . It turns out that the teams actually consist of three people making three-day visits to the banks . Barr also said that there might be fines for companies that are n't doing what they should be .
But many experts were underwhelmed by the government 's crackdown .
Jakabovics says the problems with the program require more aggressive steps . They say the president 's plan should be reaching a lot more people , which would be good for both the housing market and the overall economy .
It 's hard to tell exactly what 's tangling things up at the call centers .
`` I still think there 's a lot of 'he said , they said , ' '' Jakabovics says . The banks say borrowers do n't send in all their documents to qualify for loan modifications . Homeowners and housing counselors counter that they 've sent in the material numerous times and that they continually encounter bank personnel who say they 've never heard of the previous person that they contacted about their case .
Given all these problems , why is the Treasury Department sending in SWAT teams for just three days ?
Permanent Oversight ?
Jakabovics says better oversight could help solve the problem and prevent more foreclosures . They support putting government officials inside the call centers on a permanent basis .
`` By having people in the call centers , I think we 'd get to the bottom of this and improve the operation of the program as a whole , '' Jakabovics says .
Bank examiners already monitor all sorts of bank activity . When it comes to foreclosures , private insurance companies already have personnel stationed inside the banks : They assist with efforts to prevent foreclosures when the insurance companies are on the hook .
Phyllis Caldwell , the chief of the Treasury 's homeownership preservation office , says the department will complete the three-day visits . But they add : `` We 're committed to doing whatever it takes . ''
Wm . Roger Louis , the Kerr chair in English history and culture at the University of Texas at Austin and a former president of the AHA , resigned—on “ a point of principle ” —from the chairpersonship of the U.S. State Department 's Advisory Committee on Historical Diplomatic Documentation ( HAC , in the department 's lexicon of acronyms ) , protesting what they termed as “ mismanagement ” by the State Department 's historian , Marc Susser .
In a letter addressed to the secretary of state that they read into the public record during an open session of the HAC , held at the State Department on December 10 , 2008 , Roger Louis ( who became the AHA 's delegate to the committee in 2000 , and who has been chair of the committee for the past five years ) , declared that the HAC was charged with ensuring that the State Department 's Foreign Relations of the United States ( FRUS ) series represented a “ trustworthy , full , and honest documentary record. ” Roger Louis emphatically declared that after examining various pieces of evidence they had come to the conclusion that the Office of the Historian had become “ an intolerable place to work . ”
The evidence consisted , they indicated , of a memorandum from Edward Keefer , the former general editor of the FRUS series ; testimony offered anonymously by 12 past and present members of staff in the Office of the Historian ; a memorandum from Thomas Schwartz of Vanderbilt University , a former member of the committee , whose term was not renewed by Historian Susser , even though the members of the HAC had recommended such reappointment ; and a statistical analysis of staff attrition rates under different historians holding the office . According to Roger Louis the mismanagement of the office put the historic mission of the office—to provide a “ thorough , accurate , and reliable documentary account of US foreign policy ” —in danger .
Because Susser , the current historian , had lost the confidence of the Historical Advisory Committee , Roger Louis declared , the secretary of state should undertake a “ thorough and comprehensive general review of the leadership and management of the Historian 's Office . ”
The FRUS series is regarded as a “ model of its kind , indispensable to the American public , the Congress , and above all the Department of State itself , ” Roger Louis concluded , adding that the series stood “ as a symbol of commitment to openness and accountability , ” and that it would be “ no less than a tragedy to allow the series to falter or decline . ”
In separate , earlier communication to Louis , Sean McCormack , assistant secretary , Bureau of Public Affairs , stated that the committee had no right to comment on personnel issues , as those were the “ sole prerogative of the Department of State. ” ( This communication , the letter from Roger Louis , and other related documents can all be accessed through links provided on the blog post of the National Coalition for History at historycoalition.org/2008/12/12/state-department-crisis-in-the-foreign-relations-series ) .
The resignation of Roger Louis and their letter to the secretary of state had a dramatic effect , it seems . On December 18 , Sean McCormack announced on the Public Radio International program , The World , that they asked a senior official of the state department to take an “ objective look ” into the issues , as well as to have a separate outside person to see “ if there are any substantive issues. ” The broadcast ( available at www.theworld.org/ ? q=node/23338 ) also indicated that the secretary of state will be meeting Roger Louis and members of the committee on December 22 , 2008 .
Channel your spirit animal of choice with our amazing collection of adult animal t-shirts ! Go for the classic Three Wolf Moon T-Shirt in the familiar style or a glow-in-the-dark design . Or choose a t-shirt with an amazingly realistic image of your favorite animal 's face , hand-dyed with organic dyes and printed with eco-friendly inks . With all kinds of critters from bats to sloths to guinea pigs , gorgeous cats and cute kittens to several species of dogs , plus pandas , owls and more , at least one of your spirit animals is sure to be here in our menagerie of animal t-shirts for adults . We love these amazing animal t-shirts , but we 're not the only ones -- take a look at the enthusiastic reviews our customers have left on every product page !
As I wrote a few weeks ago , frustration with AT & T coverage in San Francisco 's SOMA neighborhood led me to put my iPhone 3GS aside and switch to a Verizon Wireless Droid . I found that I liked the reliability of Verizon 's service , and loved certain things about Android -- but that the overall experience was way less polished and predictable than the iPhone .
Here 's an update : Over the last week or so , I 've been using the iPhone most of the time . It still has severe issues in SOMA ( or at least a bunch of places in SOMA where I hang out -- it claims perfect signal strength , but the most reliable thing it does is to drop my calls ) . Otherwise , though , I 've spent far less time futzing than I do when I 'm in Androidland . I 'm coming to the uneasy realization that I may want to use both phones , depending on what sort of limitations I can deal with at any given time .
A few other notes :
When I charged the Droid back up yesterday , it finally offered to install Android 2.1 . The process was quick and painless . But the single thing I want most from an Android update is a more reliable phone , and if Android 2.1 is more robust than 2.0 , you could n't prove it from my experience so far . Within hours of installing the update , I encountered two instances of the Droid freezing up for extended periods for no apparent reason . And when I shot a brief video of Volkswagen 's autonomous Passat , I had to chop off the first fifteen seconds -- which included extreme pixilation and a period during which no motion was captured .
When I bought an iPad , I quickly decided to spring for a MiFi pocketable wireless router so I could get online anywhere and everywhere . Bonus benefit : I can connect my iPhone to the MiFi 's Verizon EVDO , effectively giving me a Verizon iPhone . Works great for data in areas where AT & T is spotty , but does n't help with phone calls .
Will iPhone OS 4 eliminate some of Android 's edge in certain areas when Apple ships it this Summer ? Yup-especially if the managed multitasking is as good as it looks . But there are a number of things I like about Android which OS 4 does n't appear to match , including the on-phone support for Google Voice and the neat integration of Facebook contacts .
Speaking of multitasking , Daring Fireball 's John Gruber recently published a long and thoughtful piece comparing the approaches on the iPhone and Android ( and concluding that they 're more similar than different ) . They say in it that Android does n't really require task-killing utilities . But ( as I told them in an e-mail ) I found that my Droid on Android 2.0 really needed Advanced Task Killer . Whenever it became bogged down and unresponsive -- which was frequently -- blowing away all running tasks fixed things instantly .
For all of Apple 's secrecy , it made its plans for iPhone OS 4 -- at least those aspects of it that do n't involve new hardware -- clear at last week 's press event . I 'd love to see Google be just as open about Android 's future -- maybe at its I|O developer conference , which I 'll be attending next month . And here 's what I 'd love to hear : `` The primary focus for the next version of Android is improving the user interface and ensuring that it 's as rock-solid as possible -- and doing everything in our power to enable developers to build outstanding apps . '' I 'd love to have a hard time choosing between the iPhone and the Droid because they were both so cool , and so free of serious gotchas . . .
This story , `` Droid vs. iPhone 3GS : An Update '' was originally published by Technologizer .
Yellow-Yellow , roughly 20 years of age , of the Marcy Dam-Lake Colden corridor in the High Peaks Wilderness ascended to their heavenly den for an eternal hibernation after being slain by a hunter 's bullet on October 21 , 2012 in the town of Jay ( as reported by the Adirondack Daily Enterprise ) .
Yellow-Yellow was a shy , small female black bear , named after the color of the tags placed on each ear by New York State Department of Conservation wildlife biologists in the early 2000 's . They were known more for stealth and ingenuity than brawn , which eventually led to their notoriety . As bears go , they typically avoided contact with humans , being more thief than brigand .
Apparently , advanced age brought about an alleged increased aggressiveness toward campers and hikers with food , which is a common phenomenon among the animal kingdom as anyone observing geriatrics at a Denny 's around five in the afternoon can attest . Perhaps this aggressiveness played a role in their recent demise .
They became notorious for their ability to thwart the BearVault , a supposedly black bear resistant canister used for safeguarding foodstuffs from hungry bruins . Despite the canisters thorough testing using both black and grizzly bears , Yellow-Yellow remains the only bear to ever open the lid and extract the many goodies inside . Apparently , they enhanced their repertoire during the spring of 2011 , with reports of them thwarting the Bear Keg , another type of bear resistant canister , although it appears that canister was improperly sealed .
Yellow-Yellow became widely famous for their unique talent when their exploits were featured in a 2009 New York Times article . In addition , they were featured in the Adirondack Explorer and even here at the Adirondack Almanack . As their fame as a talented thief grew , many appropriated meals were attributed to her , whether or not they were sighted in the immediate area .
Apparently , opening BearVaults was not their only talent , as they were allegedly caught red-handed stealing a backpack on video earlier this year , although it is difficult to clearly see both yellow tags in this video .
They are predeceased by their parents , two unknown bears of the High Peaks region . They are survived by numerous offspring , although it is not clear of their current whereabouts , or whether they inculcated their unique talent to any of them . There have been reports of possible protégés accompanying them in years past , but none have been independently verified .
Them ear tags were absent at the time of their death . Perhaps they discovered an equally ingenious way out of them . Unfortunately , they were not as successful with their radio collar , which allowed for their identification . On the other hand , perhaps they are smarter than the rest of us , and the reverse is actually true .
Although many shall lament the death of this extraordinary bear , there are probably some individuals feeling mixed emotions concerning their passing . Hikers and campers that purchased the BearVault to use in the High Peaks region may be relieved they can once again venture into the area without the constant threat of having their delicious nutrition bars pilfered . In addition , those backpackers , who is a due to no fault of their own became victims of this intelligent bear , may be relieved to hear of their recent passing too . They may even think they met them just desserts .
One might think the manufacturers of the BearVault are relieved now that the only bear ever to thwart their product is no longer a threat . For years , they played a Cold War-like battle with this crafty bear , making innovating changes to the design of the canister to no avail as Yellow-Yellow foiled every one of them . Jamie Hogan of BearVault , Inc. showed no such ambivalence , as they wrote with great respect about their nemesis , “ She was a very unique bear- just what natural selection is really all about . ”
There will be no services held for Yellow-Yellow . Instead , anyone hikes or backpacking through the Marcy Dam-Lake Colden corridor should bow their head and observe a few moments of silence in respect for this extraordinary bear . Perhaps using a BearVault as a makeshift altar , if one is handy .
In lieu of flowers , please consider donations in Yellow-Yellow 's name to the Wildlife Conservation Society or New York State Department of Conservation , through the Gift to Wildlife on your New York State income tax form . Both organizations are at the forefront of studying and protecting black bears in the Adirondacks and beyond .
Rest in peace , Yellow-Yellow . You will be missed . Wherever you are , may you find a plentiful supply of BearVaults to open , each filled with your favorite backpacking treats .
Photograph : DEC wildlife staff Ed Reed and Ben Tabor fit Yellow-Yellow with a radio collar in 2011 , courtesy of DEC .
The judge stressed that their ruling addresses only the legal question of county authority . `` No portion of this ruling says anything about whether GE organisms are good or bad or about whether the court thinks the substance of the ordinance would be beneficial to the county , '' they said .
The county , which is a major center for research on genetically engineered crops , will abide by the decision , spokesperson Rod Antone said . Monsanto Co . and Dow Chemical Co. unit Agrigenetics Inc. both have research farms in the county .
The county 's ordinance creating the prohibition exceeded the county 's authority , U.S. District Court Chief Judge Susan Oki Mollway said in their ruling .
A federal judge ruled Tuesday that a Maui County ban on the cultivation of genetically engineered crops is pre-empted by federal and state law and invalid .
Residents say they 're being poisoned by chemicals used on seeds on farms . Jacob Ward goes to Kauai to investigate ( Part 1 )
Maui voters passed the ordinance when they approved a ballot initiative last November . The measure imposes a moratorium on the growing of genetically engineered crops until scientific studies are conducted on their safety and benefits . The ordinance would only allow the moratorium to be lifted after a vote by the Maui County Council .
In Hawaii , each island is a county .
Mark Sheehan , one of five citizens who sponsored the ballot initiative , said their group will appeal the order . They expressed disappointment that Mollway ruled on what they called procedural issues instead of addressing the substance of their argument .
They said the ordinance was specifically written to address issues not found in state statute . Further , they said the law requires the county to protect the health of the environment and the public , said Sheehan , who is a member of the group Sustainable Hawaiian Agriculture for the Keiki and the Aina Movement , or SHAKA .
`` That was lost on the judge , so we will have to move along and have to find justice for the constitutional rights of the people of Maui at another level , '' they said .
Mike Carroll , an attorney for SHAKA , said they believed Mollway 's opinion was overreaching .
Monsanto said in a statement after the ruling that it welcomes `` the opportunity to continue to have conversations '' with the community .
`` We 're listening and we 've heard the concerns some people have about GMOs and today 's farming practices . Our commitment to ongoing dialogue with our neighbors does n't stop today , '' said John Purcell , vice president and Monsanto 's lead for business and technology in Hawaii .
Hawaii 's year-round warm weather makes the islands a favorite research spot for companies that use genetic engineering to develop new types of corn and other crops . The weather allows researchers to grow more generations of crops and accelerate their development of new varieties .
Monsanto has two farms in Maui County , on Maui and Molokai islands . Agrigenetics , which does business as Mycogen Seeds , has a farm on Molokai .
Fears persist in Hawaii and elsewhere that food grown from GMO seeds are less safe than their conventional counterparts . In Hawaii , these concerns are compounded by worries about the companies ' use of pesticides .
The Associated Press
Readit for Windows 10 just picked up an update on PC and Mobile devices , bumping it up to version 5.0.0.0 . Now , while this update sounds like a massive one , it is n't . The real massive update is what comes after if the developers plans for Readit come to fruition .
Here 's the current changelog :
The subreddit viewing page will now remember , and will reload on navigation , your post list scroll position and the post that you were viewing ( but not your place in the comments as they are lazy loaded for performance )
You can now search/filter comments that are loaded for a post . It filters/searches on usernames and content of the comments .
Accessed in the mobile UI via the expanded menu of the appbar
Accessed in the desktop UI via the comments header action bar
It does not highlight the results as that is not really possible in UWP apps .
For future editions of the app , the developer plans to implement features like user tagging , post tagging , cloud sync for accounts and read posts , blocked/filtered users , user filtering and in-app changelogs .
Aside from putting the app beyond most Android and iOS clients ( even the official reddit app ) , this would place Readit on par with RES . This means that it would no longer be necessary to use RES on PCs running Windows 10 if you have Reddit , as the native UWP app would provide an overall better experience .
Readit Developer : Message Across Studios Price : Free+
Are you a reddit power user ? Let us know in the comments below .
The Iranian scientist executed by their own government after being convicted of spying for the U.S. seemingly was discussed in emails that crossed Hillary Clinton 's private server , fueling Republican accusations about how “ reckless ” the former secretary of state 's server set-up truly was .
Iran confirmed Sunday that Shahram Amiri was hanged last week – years after they defected to the U.S. ; later returned home , where they were heralded as a hero ; and then was tried and convicted of spying for the U.S .
While there are conflicting accounts of Amiri 's odyssey from Iran to the U.S. and back , they did appear in a video in 2010 while living in the U.S. claiming to have been kidnapped by American and Saudi agents . They walked into the Iranian-interests section at the Pakistani Embassy in Washington later that year and demanded to be sent home .
But there are reports going back years that Amiri , despite their claims to the contrary , was being paid to provide the CIA with information about Iran 's nuclear program .
And , un-redacted Clinton server emails released last year appear to refer to Amiri as “ our friend ” – though it 's unclear whether those references put them at any additional risk .
An email forwarded to Clinton by senior adviser Jake Sullivan on July 5 , 2010 — just 10 days before Amiri returned to Tehran — says : `` We have a diplomatic , 'psychological ' issue , not a legal one . Our friend has to be given a way out . ''
The email by Richard Morningstar , a former State Department special envoy for Eurasian energy , concludes , `` Our person wo n't be able to do anything anyway . If they have to leave , so be it . ''
Another email , sent by Sullivan on July 12 , 2010 , appears to obliquely refer to the scientist just hours before their appearance at the Pakistani Embassy became widely known .
`` The gentleman ... has apparently gone to their country 's interests section because they are unhappy with how much time it has taken to facilitate their departure , '' Sullivan wrote . `` This could lead to problematic news stories in the next 24 hours . ”
Sen. Tom Cotton , R-Ark. , speaking Sunday on CBS News ' “ Face the Nation , ” cited those mentions in renewing concerns about Clinton 's server set-up .
“ In the emails that were on Hillary Clinton 's private server , there were conversations among their senior advisers about this gentleman , ” they said . “ That goes to show just how reckless and careless their decision was to put that kind of highly classified information a private server . I think their judgment is not suited to keep this country safe . ”
The issue could cause renewed problems for Clinton in the campaign , after the FBI and Justice Department cleared them and decided not to pursue charges over their private email use .
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump retweeted a story about the email references to the scientist . Trump backer David Clarke , Jr. , told Fox News on Monday that the references are “ extremely problematic . ”
“ If people do n't trust you , they 're not going to work with you . … We have to rely on informants , ” they said . “ The biggest concern of any informant is they do n't want to be outed . ”
A Clinton spokesperson pushed back after Cotton 's comments .
`` The Trump campaign has never met a conspiracy theory it did n't like . They and their supporters continue to use increasingly desperate rhetoric to attack Hillary Clinton and make absurd accusations because they have no ideas for the American people , ” the spokesperson said . “ It 's pretty remarkable to baselessly claim that Hillary Clinton is responsible for this tragic death . ''
The Clinton campaign pointed to a Washington Post column backing up their view .
A State Department spokesperson also argued Monday that the execution had nothing to do with the references in the Clinton server emails , since the scientist 's case had already been discussed publicly going back years .
Amiri was hanged the same week that Tehran executed a group of militants , a year after Iran agreed to a landmark accord to limit uranium enrichment in exchange for the lifting of economic sanctions .
Amiri first vanished in 2009 while on a religious pilgrimage to Muslim holy sites in Saudi Arabia .
In interviews , they later described being kidnapped and held against their will by Saudi and American spies . U.S. officials , though , said they were to receive millions of dollars for their help in understanding Iran 's nuclear program .
Iranian judiciary spokesperson Gholamhosein Mohseni Ejehi said Amiri `` had access to the country 's secret and classified information '' and `` had been linked to our hostile and No . 1 enemy , America , the Great Satan . ''
The spokesperson told journalists that Amiri had been tried in a death-penalty case that was upheld by an appeals court . They did not explain why authorities never announced the conviction , though they said Amiri had access to lawyers .
Hillary Clinton , while they were secretary of state , publicly commented on Amiri 's claims at the time , stressing that Amiri had been in America `` of their own free will . ''
`` He is free to go , '' they had said .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
India has decided to completely seal its winding border with Pakistan by December 2018 , Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Friday . The minister said the situation on the border would be continuously monitored . Rajnath Singh said a new concept , “ Border Security Grid ” , would be put in place after taking inputs from all border states . “ Tension between India and Pakistan has increased , countrymen should trust security forces and stand by them , ” said Singh .
Advertising
When asked about Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi 's ‘ Dalali ' remark for PM Modi in relation to the surgical strikes , Singh declined to comment . Instead , they said , “ People , working in any field , must show restraint at time of escalated tensions . ”
Rajnath Singh visited border outposts in Jaisalmer and Barmer and interacted with BSF jawans . The decision comes in the wake of rising India-Pakistan tension after the September 18 attack on a military base in Jammu and Kashmir and the later surgical strikes on terror launch pads across the Line of Control .
WATCH VIDEO : BJP Slams Rahul Gandhi For Their ” Dalali ” Remarks At PM Modi
Advertising
Having strengthened its defences along the LoC , the army managed to foil three infiltration bids – two in Naugam sector and one in Rampur – on Thursday . Following that , the army said they conducted a combing operation amid apprehension of presence of more terrorists in the area . Aside from that , technical surveillance and use of illuminators was also deployed to prevent militants from escaping .
CLOSE Confederate monument time capsule is opened . Scott Utterback/The CJ
Buy Photo The decayed contends of the capstone box , which was inside the recenlty dismantled confederate mojnument . Nov. 21 , 2016 ( Photo : By Pat McDonogh , The CJ ) Buy Photo
A cigar lit by Confederate President Jefferson Davis . A scarf worn by one of their former secretaries . A likeness of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee .
Those were among the relics believed to be unearthed Monday when construction crews found a time capsule that had been buried under the Confederate monument near the University of Louisville for 121 years .
But it 's hard to tell . Much of the contents found in the brass box are n't likely to have survived . The box , which sat six inches beneath the memorial , was waterlogged and covered in mud .
Mayor Greg Fischer tweeted that the water had `` destroyed '' the contents .
“ It 's hard to say at this point whether the box was sealed at all , ” said Sarah Lindgren , the city 's public art administrator , who was there when the brass box was opened at the memorial 's site on Third Street . “ It certainly is n't now and pieces are falling apart . ”
Lindgren said that several initial items found in the box were connected to the Civil War , including memoirs , an Oxford Bible and Confederate currency . They said the city 's archives staff will dry out and clean the items to determine if any can be salvaged .
Fischer ordered this year that the 70-foot-tall memorial be removed , sparking a citywide discussion on race , slavery and the need to preserve history . A lawsuit was filed to block the statue 's removal , but a judge ultimately ruled that the memorial belonged to the city .
The dismantling of the monument , which cost $ 400,000 , began on Saturday , and the time capsule was discovered Monday .
The monument , which was installed 30 years after the Civil War ended , was donated by the Kentucky Women 's Confederate Monument Association . It is being moved to Brandenburg , Ky. — which is about 44 miles downriver from Louisville — where it will be used as part of that city 's Civil War re-enactments .
In May 1895 , the Courier-Journal reported the time capsule contained items associated with “ the South 's great men and their lost cause . ''
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Lindgren said the items reflect what people found important back then .
Besides the cigar , scarf and likeness of Lee , the CJ article said the time capsule was to contain Confederate soldier badges and colors ; several thousands of dollars in Confederate money ; and a photograph of Susan Hepburn , who led the fundraising campaign to build the monument and was sister to a rebel general .
Lindgren said if any of the items are recoverable , they will be donated to the Filson Historical Society for a possible exhibit .
Reporter Phillip M. Bailey can be reached at ( 502 ) 582-4475 or pbailey @ courier-journal.com
Buy Photo Sarah Lindgren , Public Art Administrator for the Metro Louisville Archives , opened the capstone box that was inside the recently dismatled confederate monument . Nov. 21 , 2016 . ( Photo : By pat McDonbogh , The CJ )
Read or Share this story : http : //cjky.it/2ge0Ffs
I previously reviewed Rudy Rucker 's Ware Tetralogy and Postsingular and found that Rudy Rucker 's best work comes after ideas had the most time to percolate . Postsingular was a relative dud , although still far superior to Neal Stephenson 's REAMDE . In contrast , Rainbows End is highly recommended . Indeed , it is essential reading for anyone concerned about the progression of software from desktop , web and mobile to augmented reality . The book has a shockingly similar game to Pokémon Go in addition to a plausible mix of tech mergers and new entrants in a near-future universe where smartphones have given way to wearable augmented reality .
Many books , comics and films have covered the purgatory of high school and some have covered the special purgatory of going back to high school ( for a re-union or as a student ) . The film : 21 Jump Street is a particularly silly example of the sub-genre . Rainbows End covers a world leading humanities academic who spends years in the fugue of dementia , responds almost perfectly to medical advances and is enrolled in high school to complete their therapy . While they look almost perfectly like a 17 year old , their contemporaries remain in decline or have bounced back with far more random results .
Although they have physically recovered , they have lost their razor-sharp insight and biting wit [ 1 ] . Like other patients , they find talents in unrelated areas . Their computer fluency , which was sufficient to publish in academic journals , is now 20 years out of date . During this period , laptops have become as thin as paper and also horrendously obsolete . Although the paper-thin laptops can be configured as a variety of legacy desktop environments and legacy web browsers , rendering data from the ( almost ) ubiquitous wireless network is less successful than accessing the current World Wide Web without images or JavaScript . However , this is only one slice of purgatory .
England exited the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil at the group stages without a win
English football 's failings should not be blamed on the number of foreign players in the Premier League , says West Ham 's Diafra Sakho .
Football Association chairperson Greg Dyke has outlined plans to restrict non-EU players coming into the English game .
And England defender Phil Jagielka has backed the quality of English players coming through the system .
But Senegal striker Sakho told BBC Sport : `` Everyone can make their own excuses to defend their own interests . ''
The former Ligue 1 player added : `` France won the World Cup in 1998 and the French league was full of foreigners , same with Spain who won the World Cup and Euros , and Germany too .
`` I do n't see why we should shut the door on new talent coming over . ''
Sakho , 25 , joined West Ham from Metz on a four-year deal in the summer and has become an integral part of Sam Allardyce 's side , scoring 12 goals in all competitions .
Ivory Coast internationals Didier Drogba ( top ) and Yaya Toure ( bottom ) have made an impact in England
They have followed a rich tradition of African players succeeding in the Premier League , with the likes of Ivorians Didier Drogba and Yaya Toure both winning several trophies with Chelsea and Manchester City .
`` We have seen many African players do well here so it would make things difficult for them , '' Sakho said .
`` The Premier League is one of the best leagues in the world , one which all young players dream of playing in . ''
Defender Winston Reid moved to Upton Park from Danish side Midtjylland in 2010 and won West Ham 's player of the year award in 2012-13 .
The New Zealander suggests the pressure for clubs to succeed force them to look for players away from these shores .
`` The Premier League now is a massive business for football clubs , '' they said at an event for Lycamobile and the West Ham Foundation .
`` They might not be playing young players but buying better players from abroad .
`` It would be unfortunate if some of my peers were n't given the chance to do the same as me . There are a lot of good foreign players here . ''
In Europe this season , no Premier League side progressed into the quarter-finals of the Champions League or Europa League .
Japan 's Mitsubishi Corp. will provide new train cars for Manila 's Light Rail Transit ( LRT ) Line-1 , which is now being extended to Cavite province .
The announcement was made by the Japan International Cooperation Agency ( Jica ) , which added that Mitsubishi would supply 120 cars , or 30 train sets , to the LRT-1 from 2020 to 2022 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The supply deal is part of the LRT-1 Public Private Partnership project , which was bagged by the Light Rail Manila Corp. of Ayala Corp. and Metro Pacific Investments Corp . The consortium is operating LRT-1 and is responsible for extending the train line 11.7 kilometers to the Niog area in Bacoor , Cavite . The new line is expected to be operational by 2021 .
The entire PPP project is valued at P64.9 billion . This includes the ¥43.25 billion ( P19.6 billion ) in overseas development assistance from Jica for the new train cars .
“ Through the project , Jica aims to support the Philippines in accommodating growing demand for quality mass transport and job opportunities , ” Susumu Ito , chief representative of Jica Philippines office , said in a statement on Monday .
Jica is separately funding a planned P360-billion subway in Metro Manila and train lines linking the capital to provinces in the north .
“ The LRT Line-1 new rolling stocks will use Japanese technology and products while helping reduce greenhouse gas emissions . Once completed , the new rolling stocks of LRT Line 1 can accommodate 1,388 passengers per train and more than double the number of running trains to 222 , ” Jica said .
It noted “ shifting from road-based transport to rail based mass transit could help ease the worsening traffic situation in Metro Manila due to urbanization and population growth . ”
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
In the eleventh and twelfth centuries the Church changed . A reformed papacy pushed a tight new order , ruled by powerful bishops , with the pope at their head as monarch .
The Irish Church looked back to seven centuries of Christianity and a golden age of literature and art . It had developed on its own with little attention from Rome . It had small local dioceses , supervised by bishops . But its powerful ancient monastic churches , towns rather than simple monasteries , were immensely rich , powerful and cultivated – Armagh , Clonmacnoise , Cork , Glendalough etc . Their great schools taught Latin , Irish , theology , philosophy , law , grammar , metrics , chronology , literature in Latin and Irish ; their scriptoria produced exquisite illuminated manuscripts ; their workshops did fine metal and stone work ( churches , high crosses , round towers ) . Within them were different kinds of monasteries .
You may enter that island and do there what has to do with the honour of God and the salvation of the land .
Pope Adrian IV
The Irish responded to change . Reformers established large dioceses , with bishops , archbishops and a primate , in three great national synods – Cashel ( 1101 ) , Ráith Bressail ( 1101 ) , Kells ( 1152 ) . They cut the long connection with Canterbury of Dublin , Waterford and Limerick . This embittered Canterbury . They would reform the morals of the laity , especially on marriage law . They would reform Irish monasteries by bringing in foreign orders .
Henry II of England lands in Waterford , October 1172 . Illustration : James E Doyle/ Getty Images
The reorganisation of the dioceses – a managerial revolution – was successful . There was a downside . The new bishops had little property . To fund themselves , they asset-stripped the ancient monastic churches . The schools and workshops declined . Scholarship , art and high culture were impoverished . The bishops founded no cathedral schools and , later , no universities – a cultural disaster for Ireland .
The reformers ' plan for the sexual morals of the laity was loud-mouthed and uncritical . It focused mostly on the kings and aristocracy . These behaved as their peers in the rest of Europe , but the Irish reformers publicised everywhere their so-called “ enormous vices ” . Anselm of Canterbury was told that in Ireland “ men exchange their wives for the wives of others as freely and publicly as a man might exchange their horse for a horse ” . The leader of the reformers , St Malachy of Armagh ( 1095-1148 ) , convinced St Bernard that the people of the diocese of Connor were pagan in fact . Bernard in their biography of Malachy ( 1149 ) published the libel : the Irish were barbarians , Christians in name , pagans in fact . Bernard 's work was read all over Europe . The story soon reached the papacy .
Henry II , king of England , held council in 1155 – their brother William , the archbishops of Canterbury and York , the bishop of London and others – to discuss their plan to invade Ireland . Already , there were two English embassies to the pope : one from Henry II , one from archbishop Theobald of Canterbury . Pope Adrian IV issued the papal privilege , Laudabiliter , to the second . Here the pope wrote : “ You may enter that island and do there what has to do with the honour of God and the salvation of the land . And may the people of that land receive you with honour and revere you as their lord ... dearest son in Christ , you want to subject its people to the laws and to root out from it the weeds of vice ... We therefore duly favour your pious and praiseworthy desire ... and are well pleased to agree to that , to extend the boundaries of the Church , restrain vice , correct morals , implant virtues , increase the Christian religion , you may enter that island ... take care to form that nation with good morals . ”
Henry did not come until 1171/2 , after their subjects , Strongbow and others , had conquered most of Leinster . They landed in Waterford with a great army . The Irish kings collapsed like a house of cards . Dermot MacCarthy , king of Desmond , hurried to do homage , took an oath ( of feudal fealty or simple loyalty ) , gave hostages , and promised to hold their kingdom for Henry II , under royal tribute . So did Domhnall Mór O'Brien , king of Thomond . So , also , the kings of Meath and the north-east . Rory O'Connor , the high-king , stood aloof , impotently . Not a sword was drawn in defence of their lands .
Henry II , ( 1133-89 ) , the first Plantagenet king of England , authorisies Dermot MacMorrough , banished king of Leinster , to levy forces from among the English to try to regain their crown . Photograph : Getty Images
Henry , though under interdict for the murder of their archbishop Becket , summoned a council of the Irish Church at Cashel . The bishops came meekly to a council run by Henry 's programme manager , Ralf of Llandaff . They passed two remarkable resolutions ; first , that the Irish church should be as much under the power of the king as the English church ; and second , they granted the kingdom of Ireland , in writing , to Henry and their heirs forever . Ralf of Llandaff delivered these resolutions to pope Alexander III .
You have wonderfully and gloriously triumphed over that people of Ireland , who , ignoring the fear of God , in unbridled fashion wander at random through the depths of vice
The pope wrote to the Irish kings ordering them obey Henry II , “ that powerful and majestic king who is a devout son of the church ” , who would bring peace . They wrote to the Irish bishops : “ With what shocking abuses the Irish people are infected and how , lapsed from the fear of God and reverence for the Christian faith ... has been made known to Us . ... The illustrious king of England , moved by divine inspiration ... has subjected to their rule that barbarous and uncivilised people , ignorant of the divine law . ... We command ... that you will diligently ... help the king , a great man and a devout son of the church , to maintain and preserve that land and to wipe out the filth of such an abomination . ”
They wrote to Henry II : “ With much joy , we have been assured that , like a pious king and magnificent prince , you have wonderfully and gloriously triumphed over that people of Ireland , who , ignoring the fear of God , in unbridled fashion wander at random through the depths of vice and have renounced all reverence for the Christian faith and virtue . ... You have extended the power of Your Majesty over ... a race uncivilised and indisciplined. ” They say they “ omits for the present other monstrous abuses which the same race , neglecting the observance of the Christian faith , irreverently practises ” ; they condemn the sexual perversity of the Irish and ends with a few more random denunciations .
So ended the reform of the Irish Church ; so began , with papal approval , English rule in Ireland .
Donnchadh Ó Corráin is emeritus professor of medieval history at University College Cork . They are authored of The Irish Church , its Reform and the English Invasion ( Four Courts Press , €35
A Soviet Romeo-class submarine , 1986
The Project 633 class ( known in the West by its NATO reporting name as the Romeo class ) is a class of Soviet diesel-electric submarine , built in the 1950s . Project 633 was a further development of the Soviet navy 's post-war 611 ( Zulu- ) and 613 ( Whiskey-class ) designs . The project was undertaken by Lazurit Central Design Bureau of Gorky .
Only 20 of the Soviet Union 's originally intended 56 were completed between October 1957 and the end of December 1961 [ 1 ] because of the introduction of the nuclear submarine into the Soviet Navy .
By today 's standards Romeo class submarines are considered obsolete , but they still have some value as training and surveillance vessels .
Operators [ edit ]
Currently using Romeo class submarines in an operational capacity :
North Korea operates 20 Romeo class submarines . Seven were directly imported from China between 1973 and 1975 , and the remainder locally assembled with Chinese supplied parts between 1976 and 1995 . One apparently sank in an accident in 1985 . [ citation needed ] Four Chinese imported units are based on the western coast . [ 2 ]
Four Chinese imported units are based on the western coast . Egypt operates four of an original eight Romeo class submarines that are upgraded variants of the Chinese design .
Currently using Romeo class submarines in non-operational capacities ( i.e . training ) :
Russia and the Soviet Union had 20 Romeo class vessels in service . These vessels are no longer used as combat vessels in the Russian Navy , although one or two remain in service as immobile training facilities .
China has operated an estimated 84 of the Type-33 submarine ( Romeo ) during the Cold War . Most have been scrapped , but 13 are still in use for training .
No longer using Romeo class submarines in any reported capacity :
Bulgaria operated one Romeo class submarine ( Slava ) until it was decommissioned in 2011 ; it was the last remaining of four boats that were exported from the Soviet Union .
) until it was decommissioned in 2011 ; it was the last remaining of four boats that were exported from the Soviet Union . Syria received three Romeo class submarines in 1961 , imported from the Soviet Union ; decommissioned in the mid 1990s , sold for scrap in 1996 . [ 3 ]
Algeria has decommissioned its two Soviet Romeo class submarines .
Chinese Type 033 Romeo-class and its variants [ edit ]
A Chinese Type 033 submarine
Under the 1950 Sino-Soviet Friendship and Mutual Assistance Treaty , the Soviets passed to China ( and later to North Korea ) the documentation necessary to produce Romeo submarines in 1963 . [ 1 ] The Chinese variant is known as the Type 033 Romeo . A total of 84 Type 033 submarines were built in China from 1962 to 1984 , plus several exported to other countries . [ 4 ]
The Chinese Type 033 incorporated some improvements over the original Romeo , including noise reduction of 20 dB . Sonar on board was also continuously upgraded : the original Soviet sonar was first replaced by domestic Chinese Type 105 sonar , which consequently was replaced by H/SQ2-262A sonar built by No . 613 Factory . Today most of the Type 033 subs have been retired or preserved , with a few remaining in service for training purposes . [ 4 ] A total of six Chinese Romeo class submarine variants were developed :
Type 6633 : Original Chinese built Romeo , China was to have assembled these Romeos from knock-down kits provided by the Soviet Union , 6 were planned , but only 2 were completed . The construction program came to a complete stop when the USSR stopped delivery of parts following the Sino-Soviet split . Construction of the 3rd unit at Wuhan was stopped , and available parts were diverted to complete the first pair , but many parts had to be developed indigenously . The primary improvement of Type 6633 over the original Soviet boats is the use of domestic Chinese batteries , which had slightly superior performance to that of the original Soviet batteries . [ 5 ]
: Original Chinese built Romeo , China was to have assembled these Romeos from knock-down kits provided by the Soviet Union , 6 were planned , but only 2 were completed . The construction program came to a complete stop when the USSR stopped delivery of parts following the Sino-Soviet split . Construction of the 3rd unit at Wuhan was stopped , and available parts were diverted to complete the first pair , but many parts had to be developed indigenously . The primary improvement of Type 6633 over the original Soviet boats is the use of domestic Chinese batteries , which had slightly superior performance to that of the original Soviet batteries . Type 033 : Complete domestic production in China was achieved in 1967 , and subsequently the project was renamed the Type 033 . However , experience from deployment of completed boats in warmer climates proved that the original Soviet refrigeration and air conditioning system designed for subarctic and arctic area was woefully inadequate for subtropical and tropical regions , so redesigns were needed to improve refrigeration and air conditioning systems , and all boats to be stationed in tropical and subtropical regions went through such a refit . In September 1969 construction of new Type 033s , with improved air conditioning and refrigeration capability , began at Huangpu Shipyard in Guangzhou , eventually , 13 units were completed . [ 5 ]
: Complete domestic production in China was achieved in 1967 , and subsequently the project was renamed the Type 033 . However , experience from deployment of completed boats in warmer climates proved that the original Soviet refrigeration and air conditioning system designed for subarctic and arctic area was woefully inadequate for subtropical and tropical regions , so redesigns were needed to improve refrigeration and air conditioning systems , and all boats to be stationed in tropical and subtropical regions went through such a refit . In September 1969 construction of new Type 033s , with improved air conditioning and refrigeration capability , began at Huangpu Shipyard in Guangzhou , eventually , 13 units were completed . ES5A : Upgraded Type 033 , with improvements mainly involving the replacement of equipment of Soviet origin with domestic Chinese systems , which includes : QZHA―10 ( Type 779 ) attack periscope and QDYA―10 ( Type 778 ) general purpose periscope . Addition of H/SQG-2 ranging sonar , Type 063 communication systems , and countermeasure systems . Domestic Chinese Type 801 sonar replaced the original Soviet MARS-24 sonar . The only difference between the Type 801 sonar and the MARS-24 sonar is that there are 24 transducer elements for the Type 801 as opposed to 12 in the original MARS 24 , so the Chinese sonar had better accuracy . Domestic Chinese H/SQZ-D reconnaissance sonar ( with Type 105 transducers ) replaced the original Soviet system , the performance of the SQZ-D is almost identical to the original Soviet sonar it was developed from , except for the sector of scan , which is increased by 15 degrees . Additional noise reduction measures were also adopted . This is the type China originally sold to Egypt in the 1980s . [ 5 ]
: Upgraded Type 033 , with improvements mainly involving the replacement of equipment of Soviet origin with domestic Chinese systems , which includes : QZHA―10 ( Type 779 ) attack periscope and QDYA―10 ( Type 778 ) general purpose periscope . Addition of H/SQG-2 ranging sonar , Type 063 communication systems , and countermeasure systems . Domestic Chinese Type 801 sonar replaced the original Soviet MARS-24 sonar . The only difference between the Type 801 sonar and the MARS-24 sonar is that there are 24 transducer elements for the Type 801 as opposed to 12 in the original MARS 24 , so the Chinese sonar had better accuracy . Domestic Chinese H/SQZ-D reconnaissance sonar ( with Type 105 transducers ) replaced the original Soviet system , the performance of the SQZ-D is almost identical to the original Soviet sonar it was developed from , except for the sector of scan , which is increased by 15 degrees . Additional noise reduction measures were also adopted . This is the type China originally sold to Egypt in the 1980s . Type 033G : Development of the ES5A , with the incorporation of the capability to launch acoustic homing torpedoes ; analog computers installed to achieve automation of , and speeding up of , torpedo fire control calculations that were previously manually calculated . All Chinese Romeos were converted to this standard . The NATO reporting name for this type is rumored to be the Wuhan-class . [ 5 ]
: Development of the ES5A , with the incorporation of the capability to launch acoustic homing torpedoes ; analog computers installed to achieve automation of , and speeding up of , torpedo fire control calculations that were previously manually calculated . All Chinese Romeos were converted to this standard . The NATO reporting name for this type is rumored to be the . Type 033G1 : A single Type 033G was modified to carry 6 YJ-1 ( CSS-N-4 ) anti-ship missiles , this variant is called Type 033G1 , with the rumored NATO reporting name of Wuhan A . The missile had to be fired while the boat was surfaced , with a total exposure time on the surface of less than 7 minutes . The most significant improvement , however , is the reduction of noise level by 12 dB . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
: A single Type 033G was modified to carry 6 YJ-1 ( CSS-N-4 ) anti-ship missiles , this variant is called Type 033G1 , with the rumored NATO reporting name of . The missile had to be fired while the boat was surfaced , with a total exposure time on the surface of less than 7 minutes . The most significant improvement , however , is the reduction of noise level by 12 dB . ES5B : Development of the Type 033G , primarily intended for export . This is an upgrade package for Romeo submarine users . The primary improvement of this class is the ability to launch wire guided torpedoes and anti-ship missiles ( AShM ) while submerged . The program originally begun in the mid-1980s , and Egypt is reported to be the only customer when China won a contract to upgrade its Romeo-class submarine fleet , including both Soviet built and Chinese built units . This is the last type of Chinese Romeo class submarine ; with noise reduction of 20 dB to 140 dB in comparison to the 160 dB of the original Soviet Project 633 submarines acquired by China . [ 5 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The Encyclopedia Of Warships , From World War 2 To The Present Day , General Editor Robert Jackson .
Michael O'Hehir reports from New York an hour after the shooting of President Kennedy , describing the shock and confusion in the United States .
Irish sports commentator Michael O'Hehir happened to be in New York when the news broke that President Kennedy had been shot dead . They phoned in this report to RTÉ an hour later , describing the shock and confusion in the United States .
O'Hehir says that the president 's motorcade was going through Dallas , Texas when an assassin opened fire .
President Kennedy slumped onto the lap of Mrs Kennedy , who was sitting beside them and they were heard to scream 'oh no ' .
Governor Connolly of Texas was also seriously wounded and they were rushed to hospital , where President Kennedy received the last rites .
O'Hehir talks about how already the news has hit people on the streets of New York , who are in groups around transistor radios ,
and men and women weeping with the news coming over that radio that the president had died .
It has just been reported that a man has been arrested .
Labour rebels are calling for a referendum on the treaty
Starting at least 15 days of debate over the next month , Foreign Secretary David Miliband said the treaty was `` good for Britain and good for Europe '' .
They came under fire from some Labour backbenchers , and the Tories said the government was `` brazenly abrogating '' its promise to hold a referendum .
At the end of a rowdy five-hour debate a motion to approve the bill in principle won by 362 votes to 224 .
But the European Union ( Amendment ) Bill will be debated line-by-line over the coming weeks .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown signed the Lisbon Treaty in December but Parliament must ratify it .
It was designed to replace the EU Constitution , which was abandoned in 2005 , but on which Labour had promised a referendum - the government says a referendum is not needed for the new treaty .
But 18 Labour and four nationalist MPs had signed an amendment calling for a referendum on the document , that was not subject to a vote on Monday as the Commons speaker decided against calling it .
Opening the debate earlier , Foreign Secretary David Miliband said the Lisbon Treaty was `` fundamentally different '' from the failed constitution .
Super state 'myth '
`` The government is convinced that Britain 's membership of and full engagement with the EU is good for Britain and good for Europe , '' they told MPs .
`` We believe this treaty is good for Britain and good for Europe . ''
They warned against the Conservative `` myth '' of a European super state and said the party 's policies would lead to `` a second decade of institutional inertia that diverts Europe from the real issues that face it '' .
An EU of 27 member states and growing ca n't operate on the same basis that only just served the needs of an EU of 15 states
Edward Davey
Lib Dems
What are the arguments ?
But shadow foreign secretary William Hague said the treaty `` brings about fundamental change '' in the EU 's institutional structure , changes which the government `` now pretend are matters of little importance about which the people of this country need not be troubled . ''
Labour MPs Frank Field , Gwyneth Dunwoody and Gisela Stuart were among those who stood up to question whether the treaty was fundamentally different from the constitution .
'Goebbels ' rant '
But for the Liberal Democrats Edward Davey said : `` An EU of 27 member states and growing ca n't operate on the same basis that only just served the needs of an EU of 15 states .
`` Arguments for trimming the bureaucracy and making the institutions less cumbersome ought to be self-evident . ''
Mr Brown signed the treaty hours after the official ceremony in December
During the lively debate , Tory MP Andrew Robathan was told to retract comments that the foreign secretary 's speech was `` a rant of propaganda that would be worthy of Goebbels '' - Mr Miliband said the comments were `` not worthy '' of him .
The Tories and some Labour MPs are opposing the bill , but the Lib Dems , who support a referendum on the wider issue of Britain 's EU membership , will vote in favour of it .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : `` We would vote against a referendum on the treaty and vote in accordance with our long-held position that the real referendum which needs to be had is whether we stay in the European Union or not . ''
Ministers argue that no referendum is needed as the treaty merely amends the EU 's existing constitution , rather than overwriting it - as the failed constitution would have done .
Europe Minister Jim Murphy has dismissed claims that up to 100 Labour MPs are unhappy with the refusal to hold a public vote .
On Sunday the Commons foreign affairs committee said parts of the Lisbon Treaty were no different from the abandoned EU Constitution , and accused the government of publicly downplaying the importance of some new EU institutions and roles .
Another of London 's 'shrinking ' properties – a room in a terraced house , converted into a tiny studio for rent – is being snapped up
The studio flat for rent where you climb a ladder on the fridge to get to bed
A studio flat up for rent in north London is the tiniest apartment the agents letting it have seen . Measuring just 87 sq ft ( eight square metres ) , it is so small that the only way to get into the wall-mounted bed is to stand on top of the fridge and climb up a ladder .
Once in , however , managing to wriggle out again without knocking your head on the ceiling would be quite a feat . There is certainly no chance of sitting up in bed , with just 60cm ( less than two feet ) of space between the top of the well-used single mattress and the ceiling .
But even though this `` mezzanine-style sleeping area '' seems best suited to a rather narrow rental market of petite Cirque du Soleil performers , lettings agent Alex Marks said it had received 50 to 60 inquiries about the property , due to its sought-after location half a mile from trendy Kentish Town in north London .
Converted into a self-contained , en-suite studio from a single room in a terraced house , it looks out on to a brick wall and is further proof – if any should be required – of the craziness of the capital 's housing market : the property is listed on Rightmove.co.uk for rent at £180 a week ( £780 a month ) .
This is a `` competitive price '' for the area , according to the landlord , and indeed , Zoopla.co.uk lists the average rent for a local one-bedroom flat at more than £1,400 per month .
Size matters
Of course , while this particular studio is exceptionally tiny , it is certainly not the only rental accommodation in London that could be classed as small .
But with rents in the capital rising by nearly 10 % in the past year alone , there 's a new twist on the familiar story of tenants struggling and landlords cashing in . The size of rental properties in the capital , it seems , is starting to shrink .
A fortnight ago , for example , a converted garage in Brixton , south London measuring just 110 sq ft ( 10 square metres ) was being sold for £125,000 before being put up for rent at £700 a month . Similarly , last month , a shoebox of a flat in King 's Cross – so small it was aptly described by one Guardian reader as a rabbit hutch – was being rented out for £170 a week .
The question is : is this legal ? Does n't a tenant have a right to a certain amount of space ?
`` Under the Landlord and Tenants Act 1985 , any property let by a landlord on an assured shorthold tenancy must be 'habitable ' , '' says Nyree Applegarth , a property litigation partner at Higgs & Sons law firm . `` That means it must be sanitary , clean and a fit place to live – but there 's no requirement about space . ''
What 's more , landlords can defend small flats using a little known section of the Housing Act , which lays out the minimum space required . The standard is very low ; its purpose is to enable councils to tackle serious overcrowding in rental accommodation .
For example , the act states that a studio flat that is 110 sq ft or more – so about the size of the Brixton flat – is enough space for two adults , as long as they are of the same gender or living together as husband and wife .
The studio flat in Kentish Town , north London , has a `` mezzanine-style '' sleeping area . Photograph : Rightmove
Meanwhile , a studio that 's between 70 sq ft and 90 sq ft ( so the size of the Kentish Town flat ) is defined as enough space for a single adult . A room that 's only slightly bigger ( between 90 sq ft and 110 sq ft ) is deemed suitable for an adult and a child under 10 .
A landlord 's obligations
What if a rental property meets these minimum standards for space , but the landlord is failing to let the property in a habitable state ?
Stan Mason ( not their real name ) and their six housemates have experience of this scenario . They lived with a trench in their kitchen floor for two months after their landlord failed to cover it following repairs . They have a light switch cord in their bathroom that broke so many times that for two months they could only use their bathroom by moonlight and the shower in their downstairs bathroom gives them an electric shock if they use it . They pay their £3,000 a month rent by leaving an envelope of cash in their freezer .
The residents in the south London house , who are all working professionals , feel pressurised to put up with poor living conditions or face a rental market that has rocketed in price . `` You do feel trapped and insecure as you do n't know how long you can carry on living in this area , '' says Mason .
`` More than a third of my income is taken up on one room 's rent but we feel that if we complain the landlord will just turf us out and we could end up somewhere even worse that costs more . ''
Bobby Parikh , spokesperson for letting agency Charles Derby Estates , says : `` There are several factors that should condemn a house to let , including mould growth , broken glass , fumes/gases , falling plaster , blocked drains , dangerous or decaying stairs , faulty gas or electrical installations , rats , cockroaches and other vermin infestations , or problems with rubbish or sewage . ''
A landlord also has a legal obligation to maintain the property properly by , for example , ensuring that the roof does n't leak , the heating and plumbing system works and the electrical wiring is safe . Similarly , all gas appliances and installations must be checked annually and a gas safety certificate provided to tenants upon request .
Most importantly for studio-dwellers , a boiler should not be placed in a room used for sleeping unless it has an independent air supply ( a fact that will be stated on the property 's gas safety certificate ) . If you have any concerns about the gas safety of a property you are living in , you are entitled to ask the Gas Safe Register or the Health and Safety Executive to investigate .
Otherwise , `` if your property is hazardous , and your landlord wo n't repair it , then complain to your local authority '' , advises Helen Barry , a lawyer at QualitySolicitors Rubin Lewis O'Brien . `` They have legal powers to force a landlord to act . ''
Mason , who posted photos of their sorry-looking kitchen on Twitter as part of Shelter 's campaign to improve housing says they did get in touch with the local council at one stage . `` They made a list of the remedial works that needed doing and then never came back , '' they say .
Complaining effectively
Bear in mind that your landlord is not required to carry out any repairs until you report the problem . `` Notice can be given to a landlord verbally or in writing , although it 's preferable to issue a written notice so that there is proof that the landlord was made aware of the problem , '' says Glenn Nickols , director of online tenants community The Tenants Voice .
George Spencer , CEO of Rentify lettings agents , advises sending the landlord a dated letter and photographs in the post . `` Doing it this way will cover you should things go to court . ''
The law states that if your landlord fails to respond and conduct the repairs within a `` reasonable amount of time '' , you can pay for the work to be done yourself and then ask the landlord to pay you back . However , the definition of `` a reasonable amount of time '' will vary . `` I 've seen courts peg this at as little as 14 days , '' says Spencer . This is particularly likely to be true if the property is dangerous or you can demonstrate to a judge that the repair needed to be done for health reasons .
• This article was amended at 9am on 22 July 2014 to clarify that George Spencer is CEO of letting agency Rentify .
The Silvio Berlusconi tapes released this week have focused , not surprisingly , on lurid discussions of threesomes , condoms and staying power . But today Italy 's prime minister was facing the bizarre possibility that the most explosive secret in the recordings was neither sexual nor financial , but archaeological .
In one recording posted on the website of the news magazine L'Espresso on Thursday , Berlusconi is supposedly showing the `` escort '' Patrizia D'Addario around their estate on Sardinia . They point out an ice-cream shop built for their guests and then draws their attention to an artificial lake with swans .
After noting that the lake is adorned by a fossilised whale , Berlusconi purportedly adds : `` Underneath here , we found 30 Phoenician tombs from 300BC . ''
This was news to the archaeological community . And sensational news , too .
A necropolis under the estate near Porto Rotondo on the Costa Smeralda would be evidence of Phoenician settlement in an area where none were thought to have been situated . Italy 's National Association of Archaeologists said it would be `` of the utmost importance for the study of Phoenician expansion on the island '' .
Of more immediate concern was why , if such an obviously important discovery had been made during the excavation of the lake , the authorities were not notified . Government officials in nearby Olbia knew nothing about it . This is a serious matter . Failure to report an archaeological find within 24 hours is an offence in Italy punishable by up to 12 months in prison .
The opposition Democratic party , which had been looking for a way to embarrass the prime minister without getting immersed in their eventful sex life , was not slow to spot the opening . Representatives in both houses of parliament tabled questions , demanding that Berlusconi and their heritage minister give an explanation .
The prime minister has already reneged on a promise to explain their relationship with a teenager and laughed off the dissemination of the recordings . It remains to be seen whether the dead will succeed where the living have failed and force them to account for their behaviour .
By SANDRA MWILA –
THE first round of the Zambia Motor Sport Association ( ZMSA ) national rally championship revs off today in Chisamba with 19 drivers eyeing a good start as the 2014 season gets on track .
Spectators were , however , yesterday given a hint of what to expect today when the rally proper gets underway as drivers showed off their skills at the super special stage that covered 100 kilometres at the Graham Raes Farm in Chisamba .
Leading the pack for the 150 kilometres rally is champion Ken Mukosa , who dominated last year 's stages winning three from the five races to grab the title from Jassy Singh .
The rally that has eight stages will have the super special stage at the Graham Raes Farm , located on the road leading to Chaminuka Lodge , which will cover 100 kilometres of the 150 kilometres total distance of the event .
Mukosa should , however , expect a tough race this time around especially that Jassy , who is the African champion , will not race in the continental challenge but will actively battle out in the national rally .
“ I am ready , I know it will be a tough competition looking at the drivers taking part but all the same I am ready for the challenge , ” Jassy said .
Also in the hunt for the national title is former champion Mohammed Essa , who missed most of last year rally owing to their involvement in the Africa rally Championship ( ARC ) .
Essa said they want to try out their new Subaru Impreza N12 ahead of the start of the ARC .
“ This is the perfect opportunity to test the car especially that we are racing in the rainy season , in the mud and it will help me prepare for the ARC , ” said the former African champion .
Other drivers to look out for including Farook Ticklay , who gave Mukosa a good run last year but could only manage a runner-up position .
Also taking part is Muna Singh junior , Ahmed Essa , Miles Monge , Shabbir Amin , Walter Wasamunu , Geofrey Chulu , Toofail Dalal , Mohammed Vimba , Colin Gander , Yazdaan Ticklay , Kelvin Mhlanga , Azim Ticklay , Dani Beani , Chimanga Biyela and Jurgen Sauter .
The rally whose budget was put at K30 , 000 has been sponsored by Madison General , Manzi Valley , Automotive performance Centre , Group 3 Security , Kevin Exhaust and Quick Fire Extinguisher Services .
ZMSA vice president Sam Chingambu said all was set for the rally and called on rally fans to turn up in numbers and offer the drivers support .
Chael Sonnen is up to their old tricks again . The outspoken UFC fighter has settled into their job as an analyst on Fuel TV quite nicely and generally does their best to hype fighters instead of hyping himself . But in the wake of UFC 157 , Sonnen ratcheted up the hyperbole a bit in regards to someone he 's been asking to fight for a while - Lyoto Machida . Machida barely beat Sonnen 's friend Dan Henderson in the co-main event , and Chael was none too complimentary about Machida 's drawing power :
`` Does Lyoto Machida deserve another title shot ? Absolutely . Are they a great fighter ? Absolutely . I 'm in on the business . I 'm in on the pay per view . So is Jon Jones , but neither of us want to fight them because they ca n't draw flies . That 's the bottom line . They got booed tonight , they got booed in their last fight . I ca n't sell out an arena with you . I ca n't sell PPV 's with you . I 'm not giving them the shot . Alexander Gustafsson , Gegard Mousasi , step up and I 'll take the winner . ''
There is some truth to this . Jones has previously said the similar things about Machida as well . But `` ca n't draw flies '' and `` ca n't sell out arenas '' is a little much . It 's not like Jones drew a lot more PPV buys against Mauricio `` Shogun '' Rua or Vitor Belfort ( in fact , the fight with Belfort drew fewer buys ) . And if Sonnen did somehow take the title away from Jones , he 's already done a good job of hyping a potential fight with Machida so it would probably sell too . Unlike Jones , he 's never fought them before so it 's fresh at least .
Perhaps the most interesting point they made is the confirmation that they get PPV points . It 's pretty obvious that they deserve them , but how many guys that have never held a belt have them in the UFC ?
Magic : The Gathering – Battlegrounds is a real time strategy video game based on Magic : The Gathering collectible card game , with many fundamental differences . The game is based on the creation of heroes and mages that summon forth powerful monsters , spells , and abilities to defeat the enemy duelist . Duelists learn new magical spells by completing the campaign , with more and more spell books becoming available as the player progresses . Each spell is separated into one of 5 colors , each with their own strengths and weaknesses .
Overview [ edit ]
The overall design of Battlegrounds differs significantly from that of the original card game source material . Battleground consists entirely of real time combat , where duelists bring pre-meditated spellbooks to the table to duke it out . Beyond mastering some basic skills , victory is determined almost entirely in the metagame . Each player is represented by a duelist ; the nature of duelists , dueling , magic , etc . is not addressed . The objective is to reduce the enemy duelist 's life to 0 ; each player starts with 20 life . In the Arcade Duel mode , there is a ten-minute time limit for each duel , at which point the current leader is crowned victor . ( The only alternate win condition is provided by the white enchantment Test of Endurance . ) Before dueling , players can edit the spellbook they will bring to battle in an editor mode where the spells are represented by icons that the player rearranges . At the top of the screen , the current life totals and mana of the duelists is visible . A duelist can unleash a physical attack once per second to attack a creature or player directly in front of him/herself . This attack is apparently more effective when running forward . They can also summon a shield when not preoccupied with some other action to reduce damage to the duelist by half . The shield can be summoned indefinitely but drains the user 's mana at a significant rate . Rounding seems to vary based on the source of damage . A variety of arenas from the Magic : the Gathering multiverse are selectable , but vary only aesthetically . Each arena is separated into halves , one for each duelist , that are separated by a glowing line . While in enemy territory , a duelist can wreak some havoc , namely the physical attack and stealing mana crystals and shards , but the trespasser is unable to cast spells or shields . After spending more than a moment across the center line , a duelist suffers a loss of two life every few seconds . Several of the duelist avatars , as well as all of the spells , are loosely transferred from the Magic : The Gathering trading card game and story . There are some discrepancies ; for example , the costs of several spells are changed , presumably to balance gameplay and the relationship between the five colors , and the characters present from the Magic storyline did not all coexist ( or even anything remotely similar ) at any point in the story .
Mana [ edit ]
Mana is magical energy used to cast spells . A duelist gains mana by collecting Mana crystals that appear over the battlefield at timed intervals . This is an attempt to represent drawing mana from increasing numbers of tapped and untapped lands in the card game . Crystals become permanent additions that appear under your health bar and slowly fill with Mana . The more mana you let the bar fill up , the faster it will regenerate . Players can collect mana shards that litter the ground to faster fill their mana bar . When a creature is destroyed , a number of mana shards equal to the number of full mana required to cast the creature falls to the ground , where either duelist can claim them simply by stepping on or near them . Each shard restores approximately half of one mana instantaneously . The only source of mana shards beyond creature destructions are those produced every five seconds by the green creatures Llanowar Elves and Priest of Titania . Maintaining a mana advantage is more significant in Battlegrounds than in the card game , because there are no actual cards , and a given spell can be cast an indefinite number of times .
Magic [ edit ]
Almost everything a duelist can do in Battlegrounds is some type of spell ( hence , even creatures are affected by Spelljack and Counterspell because they are creature spells ) . Players access spells by way of a customizable spellbook . During a duel , this is represented by menus-within-a-menu . The spellbook is organized into pages of three spells apiece , which can be toggled with the black or white button . A spellbook may contain no more than ten spells of no more than two colors . Any spell can be cast at any time , and an indefinite number of times , provided sufficient mana is available and spent . More expensive spells take longer to cast . While casting a spell a duelist can move freely , but if you cross the center line between your territory and the enemy 's , your spell is countered . There are three types of spells , namely sorcery , creature and enchantment .
Mixing Spellbooks [ edit ]
Like the original cardgame , Battlegrounds allows players to mix decks , or spellbooks to mix spell , creatures , and enchantments to - theoretically - make stronger spellbooks . However , also in keeping with the original cardgame , this makes attaining the mana to successfully implement this grand strategy much more difficult , as the caster must obtain mana crystals of two colours instead of just one .
FARGO-Fargo is the fifth drunkest city in the U.S. , according to a new ranking by the website 24/7 Wall Street .
Four Wisconsin cities ranked higher than Fargo in terms of inebriation , with Appleton ranked first .
`` As is the case with many of the cities with relatively high shares of heavy drinkers , Fargo has plenty of bars , '' the website said . `` There are 63 drinking establishments in the metro area , or about 2.8 bars for every 10,000 residents-enough to put Fargo among the top 50 U.S. cities with the most bars per capita . ''
20 Drunkest Cities in the United States
• Appleton , Wis .
• Osh Kosh , Wis .
• Green Bay , Wis .
• Madison , Wis .
• Fargo
• La Crosse , Wis .
• Fon Du Loc , Wis .
• Ames , Iowa
• Eau Claire , Wis .
• Mankato , Minn .
• Wausau , Wis .
• Sheboygan , Wis .
• Missoula , Mont .
• Grand Forks
• Racine , Wis .
• Janesville , Wis .
• Milwaukee , Wis .
• Lincoln , Neb .
• Iowa City , Iowa
• Corvallis , Ore .
20 Driest Cities in the United States
• Provo , Utah
• St. George , Utah
• Beckley , W.Va .
• Logan , Utah
• Ogden , Utah
• Parkersburg , W.Va .
• Morristown , Tenn .
• Jackson , Tenn .
• Johnson City , Tenn .
• Charleston , W.Va .
• Owensboro , Ky .
• Memphis , Tenn .
• Cleveland , Tenn .
• Huntington , W.Va .
• Knoxville , Tenn
• Rocky Mount , N.C .
• Farmington , N.M .
• Kingsport , Tenn .
• Gadsden , Ala .
• Anniston , Ala .
I 've always leaned towards browns , blacks , creams and earthy colors in home decoration , that 's the boring in me . But , I do n't know , I 'm kind of starting to like bright colors more . Kaleidoscope kind of colors , like turquoise , fuchsia , pink , aqua , violet , yellow , orange ... all combined together . I admit that could be a bit retina-searing sometimes , but if expertly put together ... it looks something like this ...
I am absolutely in love with the `` Jester '' sofa , and the paper lanterns .
Even the fruit matches !
Wonderful chair covers .
And chest and bed covers ! It must be magical to wake up in a fuchsia bed .
I don '' t think we 've had enough fuchsia and pink yet , so here is more .
Striking !
Love this blue combined with brown .
A total fairy tale .
Outdoors too ? Why not !
And on a completely unrelated note ... ( well , it 's color coordinated at least )
How about this lunch box ? A+ for creativity !
Much love and color !
xoxoxo
{ photos via coastal living , mc maison , home sweet home . and I could n't remember where this lunch box came from , if anybody knows , let me know }
On December 1st , Cursive will reissue their first two albums : Such Blinding Stars For Starving Eyes and The Storms Of Early Summer : Semantics Of Song . We got a chance to catch up with Tim Kasher to talk about the reissues , Saddle Creek Records , and breaking up in 1998 .
You are reissuing your debut full-length album , Such Blinding Stars For Starving Eyes . What do you remember about recording the album ?
That was an exciting time in our lives , we were just beginning this new band , trying out different styles , figuring out what we wanted to sound like . We went through a few different ideas before settling on this sort of heavy , slower , somber album . I 've always been a bit of a goofy person , but the writing I was wanting to do was quite serious . I recall laboring over the lyrics , meticulously choosing even the smallest , inessential words to make the record just right .
I assume you re-listened to the album for the reissue , is there anything new you have noticed about the album ?
At risk of patting ourselves on the back , I was quite pleased with how well it holds up . My recollection of this era is that my vocals were reckless and off-key , but revisiting the record found me appreciating the earnestness of the performances . I wish I could still scream the way I did back then .
Do you have a favorite song on the album ?
They tend to change , but “ Dirt of the Vineyard ” and “ Retirement ” have been favorites .
You are also reissuing The Storms Of Early Summer : Semantics Of Song which was released just before the band broke up . Did you know while writing it that it would be your swan song ?
It 's hard to remember , but I 'm fairly sure we wrote the album with no plans of breaking up . I DO recall having broken up before releasing it , which was kind of bittersweet . We 've always felt the record did n't get a fair shake .
When the band broke up , did you think you were done with playing music ?
Certainly not , I was just considering a new direction at the time , having moved from Omaha for a minute .
Storms obviously was n't your last album , with the band reforming a few years later . It did end up being your first on Saddle Creek Records which was your home for over a decade . How did that relationship come to be ?
Saddle Creek was the label our good friends had started and we jumped aboard fairly early on . Technically , our previous band , Slowdown Virginia , was on Saddle Creek as well , but it was called Lumberjack Records at that time .
Storms was the last album with founding guitarist Stephen Pedersen . How did Stephen affect the band 's sound on these early records ? How has Ted Stevens ' introduction to the band changed the dynamic ?
To my ears , their guitar styles are quite different . Storms of Early Summer seems like a great record for Pedersen to be represented on , as it is a bit more angular and tight in composition , styles that are found in Stephen 's playing . I assume Stephen 's presence helped shape my songwriting for the Storms record ; I have a tendency to want to please the musicians I 'm writing for , and the Storms record fits well into the type of precise sound Stephen cultivates . I wonder if Ted Stevens may have been a better candidate for the songs on Such Blinding Stars , as those songs seem more raw and fluid , which could be suggestive of Ted 's playing . Alas , it does n't really matter , as Pedersen is such an integral part of Such Blinding Stars , though I 'll always think of Storms as more of a “ Pedersen-centric ” type of album .
Once Ted joined the band , the music began taking delightfully odd shifts into discordance and queerness , mostly highlighted on The Ugly Organ .
Finally , what 's next for Cursive ? A new album perhaps or a tour ?
We are planning on being somewhat active in 2018 , though we ca n't say just yet what that will entail . Hope to see you out there in the world somewhere
( Visited 265 times , 1 visits today )
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are often used in criminal activity . While most of these attacks take place on the Internet , Bitcoin also has an allure for regular criminals . In Brazil , a few men kidnapped a 32-year-old woman this week . In exchange for their release , they demand a bitcoin payment . Luckily , the Civil Police was able to defuse the situation without money changing hands .
It is rather intriguing to learn regular criminals want a Bitcoin payment . That is very strange , considering bitcoin is anything but an anonymous cryptocurrency . In fact , one can argue bitcoin should never be used for criminal activity whatsoever . All transactions can be tracked in real-time without special software . Transactions always leave a digital trail , which is the last thing criminals want .
Kidnapping Someone for Bitcoin is Very Unusual
Then again , a few thugs in Florianopolis , Brazil , thought otherwise . Earlier this week , they kidnapped the wife of a local business person . In exchange for their release , they asked for an undisclosed Bitcoin payment . The business person alerted the Civil police to this incident , who were able to extract them from the criminals ' claws successfully . In the end , no money changed hands , yet it makes for a remarkable story .
It is the first time criminals ask for a cryptocurrency payment when kidnapping someone in Brazil . The goal was to have the husband pay up a sum of bitcoin in exchange for their wife 's release . However , demanding a payment in virtual currency is very risky at best . It is impossible to streamline such a deal , as there are many variables to take into account . Buying Bitcoin in Brazil , for example , is not impossible , yet very difficult for a lot of people .
The husband successfully negotiated with the criminals in an effort to delay the payment . Interestingly enough , the Civil Police was successful in determining the location where their wife was being held . It remains unclear how this was achieved exactly , though . It is possible for criminals observed their target for some time before striking . Regardless of their preparation , the venture was unsuccessful . This goes to show cryptocurrency and criminal activity do not make for a good mix whatsoever .
In the end , it is good to learn the woman was unharmed despite them being kidnapped . The Civil Police is still conducting the investigation as we speak . So far , six potential criminals have been identified as part of this operation . Only one person is arrested at this time , although that number may increase over the coming weeks .
INDYCAR clarified today that the Desert Diamond West Valley Phoenix Grand Prix concluded under caution due to a single-car incident involving the No . 98 Andretti Herta Autosport with Curb-Agajanian Honda driven by Alexander Rossi . Since the incident was not major and took place so close to the end of the race , it was not shown on the NBCSN broadcast .
“ The caution at the end of the Phoenix race was a result of the 98 car making contact with the wall coming off the fourth turn , ” said Brian Barnhart , INDYCAR vice president of competition , race control . “ The incident occurred in front of the leaders and required cars to take evasive action , which made throwing the caution flag imperative . ”
The yellow flag for Rossi 's incident came out on Lap 248 and caused the 250-lap race at Phoenix International Raceway to conclude with the simultaneous waving of the checkered and yellow flags . Scott Dixon won the race in the No . 9 Target Chip Ganassi Racing Chevrolet .
A replay of Rossi 's incident that brought out the yellow flag on Lap 248 is below .
“ We always do what we can to ensure our events conclude under green conditions , ” Barnhart continued . “ But safety is INDYCAR 's number one priority and this was a situation where we had no choice but to throw a yellow . ”
Some had attributed the yellow to debris on the track from the No . 28 DHL Honda of Ryan Hunter-Reay , whose car brushed the wall exiting Turn 4 on Lap 240 . Since the debris was not in the racing line , race control maintained green-flag conditions until Rossi 's incident necessitated the late caution .
The next race on the Verizon IndyCar Series schedule is the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach on April 17 . Coverage begins at 4 p.m . ET on NBCSN and the Advance Auto Parts INDYCAR Radio Network .
FIANNA FÁIL MEMBERS in Dublin Bay North will tomorrow select their candidate for the general election with the son of the late taoiseach Charlie Haughey being tipped to take the nomination .
The constituency is being closely watched in the wake of acrimonious departure of senator Averil Power from Fianna Fáil last month . They had been among the potential candidates for the nomination .
However , the party confirmed tonight that four candidates will be putting their names forward . Around 400 members in the newly-created constituency will be asked to select one .
As well Haughey , councillors Deirdre Heney and Tom Brabazon and former local election candidate Aileen Woods have also put their names forward .
The convention is seen as a straight battle between Haughey , a former junior minister and current Dublin city councillor , and Heney , who has been a councillor since 1999 .
Both polled impressively at last year 's local elections with Haughey winning 2,440 first preferences votes and Heney taking 2,175 in the Clontarf ward .
Deirdre Heney Source : Photocall Ireland
Brabazon polled 2,334 first preferences in the Beaumont-Donaghmede ward last year .
They previously made headlines when they sparked a war of words with Power earlier this year after saying that gender quotas were a “ tokenistic patronisation of women ” .
Woods , the daughter of former minister Michael Woods , took 761 votes in the Howth-Malahide ward at the last local elections .
Local sources are predicting Haughey will win the nomination but it is expected to be a tight convention . Fianna Fáil is likely to add a second candidate to the ticket with this set to be either Heney or Woods .
As TheJournal.ie reported on Saturday , Fianna Fáil has so far nominated only a handful of female candidates with over half of its selection conventions completed .
The party needs to ensure a third of its Dáil hopefuls are female or face having its state funding halved in the next parliamentary term .
In addition to the five women nominated to run for the Dáil before last weekend , members in Cork South West selected councillor Margaret Murphy O'Mahon at a convention on Sunday night .
On current numbers , less than 20 per cent of Fianna Fáil candidates are women .
CLOSE USA Today Sports ' Jeff Gluck on what to Watch for at Daytona International Speedway . USA TODAY Sports
NBC , which will make its NASCAR first broadcast since 2006 , will focus on facts and storytelling
NBC Sports ' crew of Rick Allen , Jeff Burton and Steve Letarte conduct a dry run during last month 's race in Brooklyn , Mich. ( Photo : Timothy Buckman , NBC Sports Network )
BROOKLYN , Mich. — The broadcast to no one had just gone to a commercial for nothing when Steve Letarte pounced into a chair and began computing . Moments earlier , in glass-walled booth 402B atop Michigan International Speedway , the former Daytona 500-winning crew chief , lead NBC announcer Rick Allen and co-analyst Jeff Burton had dissected the minutia of Ryan Newman 's short pit stop as the first wave of storm fronts descended upon the Sprint Cup race .
`` OK , how can I make this simple for the guy at home ? '' Letarte muttered to himself . `` That 's 1.8 gallons a second … give or take . … ''
There was no actual guy at home , at least not one Letarte could reach . Not yet .
In an unprecedented marshaling of equipment and manpower , NBC Sports was undertaking a phantom broadcast in conjunction with Fox to practice full-scale before the network broadcasts a NASCAR race live this weekend for the first time since 2006 .
About 50 NBC executives would watch the broadcast , with NBC Sports/NBCSN executive producer Sam Flood passing along `` points and agendas '' to their on-air talent . Flood admitted there were kinks to unkink before the Coke Zero 400 on Sunday night at Daytona International Speedway .
`` It was a good start , '' they told USA TODAY Sports . `` The worst telecast we 'll ever do is the first telecast we do in Daytona , because we have n't done one . We want to build , build off a foundation we made in Michigan . ''
But even in the dry run , using a Fox television feed manipulated in NBC 's on-site production studios , pit reporters interviewing each other and attempting to stay incognito in deference to Fox 's sharing of space and resources , the underpinning 's of NBC 's differentiation from other broadcasts already was apparent .
There were no catchphrases . Allen , the choreographer and ringleader in the booth as the veteran broadcaster , announced the taking of the green flag simply with , `` We 're underway at Michigan . '' There was less folksy and more informational , although a few quippy references to Blake Shelton 's Bringing Back the Sunshine theme worked in a meteorological way on this afternoon . There was , as is the demand from Flood , storytelling . And there was the attempt to explain fuel gambles and racer agendas not only to life-long fans but also to the guy on the couch who might have hung around after consuming some of the network 's growing offering of sports programming , including the NFL , NHL and golf .
`` We want to be factual . We want to present it in a relaxed way , but not in a silly way , '' Burton told USA TODAY Sports . `` We 're business-casual . ''
A day earlier , in a bland brown-walled trailer in a MIS television compound intersected by cables from two networks ' sprawling operations , lead NBC producer Matt Marvin stood among reporters , directors and on-air talent . The collection was sizeable , and credentialed , Marvin an Emmy Award-winning NFL producer , whose list of questions had only lengthened following an afternoon directing this NASCAR mission .
For the on-air personalities , the basic conduct of the job would be no different than at the myriad of other networks from which they had come . For many on the production side , the undertaking was different . Everything was bigger . There had been no practice before NBC began its last NASCAR run in 2001 and Flood regretted the decision .
Race tracks are exponentially broader , both in terms of playing surface where stories must be found and told , and in the endless lengths of cables , robot cameras and gear controlled in the five new multi-million-dollar production trucks NBC will brandish each week .
Speaking in a cadence that connotated an excitement and a tinge of anxiety , Marvin concluded the meeting with , `` This is a massive opportunity NBC has afforded us . It is not cheap to do this . Get yourself right tonight and tomorrow we 'll kick butt . ''
Filling a delay
The first red flag came quickly at Michigan , 12 laps into a scheduled 200-lap event that lasted just 138 before torrential downpours ended it after nearly five hours of racing and raining . In a real broadcast , NBC would have had parried to prepared features , but resources were n't allocated for such an eventuality in a run-through . Their on-air talent , Flood said , knew how to fill time . So Allen and Burton and Letarte filled for nearly 53 minutes .
Krista Voda is host and Dale Jarrett , left , and Kyle Petty are analysts for a prerace show . ( Photo : Grant Halverson , NBC Sports )
Krista Voda and Kyle Petty , more faces long-time fans will find familiar and the hosts of a lavish pre-race show that will broadcast from a set on pit road , had their turn . And then came the pit reporters , sequestered under an anonymous tent behind Voda and Petty . They had conducted countless pit road interviews before . But this time they got their chance on the other side of the microphone . Racer babble eventually morphed into full-scale driver impersonation .
First it was a Kelli Stavast interview with Marty Snider , pretending to be Jimmie Johnson .
`` I 'm just glad this race is n't in the Chase , because we 'd find a way to run out of fuel at some point . ''
Then Dave Burns with Mike Massaro as Dale Earnhardt Jr. , miming facial expressions and cadence .
`` … we got ta pretty stout machine . ''
Then Stavast with Snider than Kyle Busch on an Xfinity Series win the previous day .
`` … it 's always special to have the family there . … ''
Then Massaro with Burns , crushing the deadpan of Ryan Blaney .
`` I had a lot of people come over here from Ohio … so that 's exciting . ''
Burns ' rendition of Clint Bowyer — including the observation that they and former crew chief Brian Pattie had n't been `` melting together '' — would have won the contest , had there been one .
Major investment
NBC Sports bid $ 4.4 billion to broadcast 20 Sprint Cup and 19 Xfinity races — sharing the 36-race schedule with Fox — for the next decade . Its investment was nearly double that of Fox , which extended its term eight more years in 2013 . It 's a sizable investment , no matter the sport .
But in a transitional era for motorsports where sanctioning bodies like NASCAR and IndyCar — which NBC also broadcasts in a shared package with ABC and ESPN — continue to grope for fans , particularly younger ones , television ratings and corporate sponsors , $ 4.4 billion was viewed by many insiders as a legacy-making coup for NASCAR chairperson Brian France and a risk for the network .
NASCAR seemed eager for the network 's return at Michigan , as vice chairperson Mike Helton entered the booth — by happenstance just as Allen , Burton and Letarte had finished a rehearsal — shook hands with each and assured them , `` you guys are pros . ''
NBC Sports Network trailers on the grounds of Michigan International Speedway . NBC Sports bid $ 4.4 billion to broadcast 20 Sprint Cup and 19 Xfinity races a year for the next 10 years . ( Photo : Aaron Doster , USA TODAY Sports )
So why did NBC opt to return and spend so lavishly to do so ? Market share and history , Flood said , and the push of NBC Sports Group chairperson Mark Lazarus as the network continues to amass content . NBC was part of the NASCAR broadcast package in 2005 for the highest-rated and highest-viewed season in the sport 's history . It also broadcast the highest-rated race in NASCAR history , the 2006 Daytona 500 .
`` After the NFL , NASCAR has the biggest audience base in all sport , '' Flood said . `` It 's a great audience to tap into . We 've also had experience in it . Hopefully , we can reach out for some of that magic . The cool part is , we 're back to where we were before where Fox has the first half and NBC has the second and it was a really special pairing between the two companies . … It will be fun to get back in the game and help grow the game . ''
Ask anyone involved in what will underscore an NBC NASCAR broadcast and the answer will either be `` story-telling '' or `` if you ask Sam Flood , our job is story-telling . '' Flood made that premise the hallmark of the networks foray into the NHL and sees fertile opportunity in a sport with multitudes of competitors each week .
`` I think from an NBC standpoint , we are trying to bring back a lot of fans that enjoyed the way NBC broadcast the races back in the early 2000s , '' Allen said . `` We want to bring them back with the storytelling that has been a staple for us , conversational talk everyone is used to . ''
Opinionated and current
Burton and Letarte are known and respected commodities . Burton , a 21-time Sprint Cup winner , has driven at NASCAR 's highest level as recently as last season . Letarte , 36 , won 15 Cup races as a crew chief for Jeff Gordon and Dale Earnhardt Jr. , overseeing a career renaissance for the latter , and won a Daytona 500 with them just weeks after they sent the fandom of NASCAR 's most popular driver into dread by announcing they would leave for NBC after the 2014 season .
Together , Burton and Letarte are sharp and opinionated , and perhaps more importantly , current . That represents both an advantage and a challenge as both are cognizant that with each passing day their competitive careers are further behind them .
`` I think that relevancy will bring a different approach because it 's very , very difficult to stand away from the garage for a length of time and still understand it from a competitive side , '' said Letarte , whose first Cup crew chief position was with four-time series champion Gordon in 2005 . `` I challenge myself every day and I will every month and every year , to make sure there is n't a day I do n't think I could go back on to the pit box . ''
But relevancy , Flood said , matters little without relatability .
`` We 're really proud of our group of talent , but they 've got to do it on the air now , '' they said . `` It 's all fun and games to talk about 'fresh from the car ' but now they have to show it on the air and make sure everyone out there understands the great insight they have . ''
With insight comes the need to critique and the concern of alienating people . Burton says that is not a personal concern as they would say nothing on-air that they would n't to someone 's face .
Limits will be learned , however , when the air is live . Letarte was aghast at a fuel gamble Joey Logano crew chief Todd Gordon attempted unsuccessfully mid-race at Michigan , saying for the broadcast , `` I do not understand how Todd Gordon ran the car out of fuel . You can rely too much on your computer . ''
Then during a break , reanalyzing themselves with Burton and Allen : `` I almost was too blunt . I almost said they need to take their head out of their computer . ''
The interplay was entertaining , with Letarte remarking that a second win this season by Martin Truex Jr. would not be so well-received as their first .
`` Yeah , at first it 's 'Look everybody my friend 's here in victory lane , ' '' Burton observed . `` And then nobody 's in there anymore . ''
Producers are hard at work inside an NBC Sports Network trailer during the Quicken Loans 400 at Michigan International Speedway . ( Photo : Aaron Doster , USA TODAY Sports )
There were noticeably fewer insertions of sponsor references .
`` We know this sport is run by sponsorships and we have to do sponsor mentions when it fits , '' Allen said , `` but as far as forcing anything upon anyone , I do n't want it to be commercialized in my broadcast . Because again , it 's conversational . I do n't think I would say in a conversation , 'it looks like he 's going to put 11 gallons of Sunoco fuel in that car . ' That 's just not a normal thing . ''
It remains to be seen how much Letarte will be called upon to plumb their history with Earnhardt Jr. for content , but they seem mischievously willing to share when appropriate . Flipping through a menu of in-car cameras as NASCAR race control announced engines would soon be re-fired at Michigan , they turned to their comrades , gesturing toward a monitor displaying an empty Earnhardt Jr. car and quipped , `` We 've still got a little bit of time . The 88 is empty and they ai n't leaving without him . ''
If they connect , with their youth as broadcasters — Allen is 46 , Burton 48 — they have the chance to become mainstays .
`` This crew has the chance to be phenomenal , '' Marvin said . `` And it 's up to me and this production team to make them that way . The talent is absolutely there . If we 're not there at the end of the year and people are n't saying 'They 're fantastic , love them , ' that is my fault . I need to catch up to them . ''
Easy comfort
Letarte completes their fuel calculations as if they were attempting to make a play to steal a win from atop the pit box , then calls to Marvin over their headset . Burton adds input while watching a replay and within seconds a video package has been created for the return from a phantom commercial .
`` What I need to say is they put 6-to-10 more laps of fuel in the car , '' Letarte said , then beckoned to Marvin over their headset , `` Mav , keep me honest . Do n't let me get dorky . ''
Communicating with hand gestures as they talked through the piece , the three explain the nuanced strategy of trading track position for less fuel as rain approached , all while standing anonymously in stocking-footed comfort . With a rapport built on the golf course and honed through hours of time together in meetings and on set before they ever reached a broadcast booth , Allen , Burton and Letarte exude an easy comfort .
Allen 's penchant for singing off-air is humored , while Burton 's need for a four-inch platform to stay in frame with their counterparts is a source of amusement . As is Letarte 's notorious thirst for Red Bull and tendency to occasionally arc from one topic to another , prompting Burton to yelp , `` squirrel ! '' as if their partner were a skittish hound . Letarte 's fondness for polka-dot suit liners will probably come up somewhere in what they hope is a 10-year run together , reaching out to the man on the couch , somewhere , for real . Beginning Sunday .
`` It 's going to be nervous , but that 's the way I 've always done it , '' Allen admitted . `` I think the nervous really hones you and brings those personalities out . I think when that red light comes on , we 're going to be excited , we 're going to be a little bit nervous and we 're going to have a lot of fun . ''
Follow James on Twitter @ brantjames
PHOTOS : Key moments in 2015 NASCAR season
In part one of these two part series we walk through the steps to stream data from a Google Tag Manager ( GTM ) implementation into a Google App Engine ( GAE ) web app , which then adds data to a BigQuery table via BigQuery 's data streaming capability . In part two , we go into how to query that table in realtime from R , make a forecast using R , then visualise it in Shiny and the JavaScript visualisation library Highcharts .
Read part two here .
The project combines several languages where their advantages lie : Python for its interaction with Google APIs and its quick start creating your own API on App Engine , SQL to query the BigQuery data itself , R for its forecasting libraries and the reactive Shiny framework , and JavaScript for the visualisation and data capture at the Google Tag Manager end .
Thanks
This project would n't have been possible without the help of the excellent work gone beforehand by Luke Cempre 's post on AnalyticsPros for streaming data from Google Tag Manager to BigQuery , and Joshua Kunst for their help with the Highcharts JavaScript .
Data flows
There are two data flows in this project . The first adds data to BigQuery :
GTM collects data into its dataLayer from a web visit . A custom HTML tag in GTM collects the data you want to stream then calls an App Engine URL with its data payload . The app engine URL is sent to a queue to add the data to BigQuery . The data plus a timestamp is put into a BigQuery row .
Then to read the data :
The Shiny app calls Big Query every X seconds . The data is aggregated A forecast is made with the updated data . The Highcharts visualisation reads the changing dataset , and updates the visualisation .
This blog will cover the first , putting data into BigQuery . The code for the finished app is available on Github here : https : //github.com/MarkEdmondson1234/ga-bq-stream
BigQuery configuration
Starting with BigQuery , you need to create a project , dataset and a table where the data will stream to . The script we will use on App Engine assumes you have one field called “ ts ” which will hold a timestamp , other than that add the fields you will add in the Google Tag Manager script .
Select “ partitioned ” table when creating , which is useful if holding more than one day worth of data .
A demo is shown below , where the ts field is joined by the page URL and referrer for that page :
Google App Engine
Next we get to the meat with the Google App Engine app .
There is a guide on how to install and configure the app there too on its README .
In this example the app both reads and writes the data to BigQuery , but in production this should be separated out to avoid hitting quotas .
App Engine is useful in providing a way to run a script ( in this case Python ) whenever a URL is called , and also providing the infrastructure that lets you scale those hits from a free small amount to billions if you pay up .
In essence we upload a Python script and tell App Engine to run the script when certain URL endpoints are called , and then we shall call that URL from Google Tag Manager with the data we want to stream .
We now walk through the important functions of the app :
Adding data to BigQuery
You can read more about streaming data into BigQuery here .
The first function is modified from the python BigQuery examples and takes care of authentication , loading the JSON sent to the app into a Python list and sending to BigQuery :
def stream_data ( dataset_name , table_name , json_data , time_stamp = time.time ( ) ) : bigquery_client = bigquery.Client ( ) dataset = bigquery_client.dataset ( dataset_name ) table = dataset.table ( table_name ) data = json_data data [ 'ts ' ] = time_stamp # Reload the table to get the schema . table.reload ( ) # # get the names of schema schema = table.schema schema_names = [ o.name for o in schema ] logging.debug ( 'BQ Schema : { } '.format ( schema_names ) ) # from schema names get list of tuples of the values rows = [ ( data [ x ] for x in schema_names ) ] # Send data to bigquery , returning any errors errors = table.insert_data ( rows , row_ids = str ( uuid.uuid4 ( ) ) ) if not errors : logging.debug ( 'Loaded 1 row into { } : { } '.format ( dataset_name , table_name ) ) else : logging.error ( errors )
The next class reads the data from a GET or POST request to the URL we specify later , and puts the job into a task queue , along with the timestamp .
class MainHandler ( webapp2.RequestHandler ) : # # for debugging def get ( self ) : # # allows CORS self.response.headers.add_header ( `` Access-Control-Allow-Origin '' , `` * '' ) # # get example.com ? bq=blah b = self.request.get ( `` bq '' ) # # send to async task URL task = taskqueue.add ( url='/bq-task ' , params= { 'bq ' : b , 'ts ' : str ( time.time ( ) ) } ) # use in prod def post ( self ) : # # allows CORS self.response.headers.add_header ( `` Access-Control-Allow-Origin '' , `` * '' ) # # get example.com ? bq=blah b = self.request.get ( `` bq '' ) # # send to task URL task = taskqueue.add ( url='/bq-task ' , params= { 'bq ' : b , 'ts ' : str ( time.time ( ) ) } )
The task queue then reads the JSON data and calls the function to send data into BigQuery . App Engine task queues will rerun if any connection problems and act as a buffer , so you can configure them to suit the needs and volumes of your app .
class BqHandler ( webapp2.RequestHandler ) : def post ( self ) : # # get example.com/bq-task ? bq=blah b = self.request.get ( `` bq '' ) ts = self.request.get ( `` ts '' ) b = json.loads ( b ) logging.debug ( 'json load : { } '.format ( b ) ) if len ( b ) > 0 : datasetId = os.environ [ 'DATASET_ID ' ] tableId = os.environ [ 'TABLE_ID ' ] today = date.today ( ) .strftime ( `` % Y % m % d '' ) tableId = `` % s $ % s '' % ( tableId , today ) stream_data ( datasetId , tableId , b , ts )
Full App Engine Script
The full script uploaded is available in the Github repository here : main.py which also includes the read functions used in the next blogpost .
With this script you then need some configuration files for the app and upload it to your Google Project . A guide on how to deploy this is and more is available from the Github repository README , but once done the app will be available at https : //YOUR-PROJECT-ID.appspot.com and you will call the /bq-streamer and /bq-get URLs to send and get data .
Google Tag Manager
With the app ready , we now move to sending it data via Google Tag Manager . This is relatively simple , since we just need to decide which data to add to the endpoint URL :
< script > var bqArray = { } ; // put the variables you want realtime here bqArray [ `` fieldname '' ] = `` { { dataLayer } } '' ; bqArray [ `` fieldname2 '' ] = `` { { dataLayer2 } } '' ; jQuery.post ( `` https : //YOUR-PROJECT-ID.appspot.com/bq-streamer '' , { `` bq '' : JSON.stringify ( bqArray ) } ) ; < /script >
The script assumes you have jQuery defined on your website , if you have n't you will need to load it either on the page or hack it a bit by loading above the script via :
< script src= '' //ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.10.2/jquery.min.js '' > < /script >
For my blog example , here is a screenshot from GTM all configured :
The app engine supports GET or POST hits , GET is useful for testing in the browser yourself but its better to POST in production as it supports more data .
Add this as a custom HTML tag and deploy on a trigger that occurs after the data you want to collect is there . Thats pretty much it .
Once the tag is published , make sure you have deployed the App Engine app and you are using the exact same field names as the BigQuery table .
Checking its all working
You should then be able to start seeing hits in the App Engine logs and in BigQuery . By default the BQ queries in the UI cache the results , so do n't forget to turn those off , but then as new hits are made to the GTM container you should be able to refresh and see the results in BigQuery within a few seconds . Here is the example from my blog :
And thats it ! You could now query this table from various solutions such as Tableau or Data Studio , but in part two of this post I 'll go in to how to query this table from an R Shiny application , updating a forecast and displaying using the Highcharts library .
A raft of new horror & mystery games hit the streaming service just in time for Halloween
Yup , it 's that time of year again : everybody grab your pumpkins , dust off your broomsticks and prepare for your seasonally-sanctioned sugar rush . Over at PlayStation we 're getting in the mood by adding a slew of new titles to our PS Now game-streaming service that 'll set you and your friends on the edge of your seats .
The following titles join the service today , and we 've even tossed in a few not-so-scary things , in case it all gets too much :
For PS4
Until Dawn
Dead Island : Definitive Edition
Deadlight : Director 's Cut
The Vanishing of Ethan Carter
SOMA
Lords of the Fallen
Overlord : Fellowship of Evil
Beyond : Two Souls
Agatha Christie : The ABC Murders
How To Survive : Storm Warning Edition
Lone Survivor : Director 's Cut
Saint 's Row : Gat out of Hell
Space Hulk
Extreme Exorcism
For PS3
Deadly Premonition : Director 's Cut
On top of that , there 's also a huge selection of spine-tingling titles already available on the service – from out-and-out gore fests to subtle psychological shockers . Here are our top picks , available right now :
Painkiller : Hell & Damnation
A blood-soaked odyssey of pure demon-slaying satisfaction , few games wear the ‘ gore-fest ' badge as proudly as Painkiller . If you like your weapons a little on the wacky side and your horror on the visceral , then you 'll struggle to do better than this PS3 remaster of Painkiller and Painkiller : Battle out of Hell .
The Walking Dead : Season 1 & 2
Subtle , stylish and at moments truly harrowing , Telltale Games ' spin-off story from the hugely successful AMC TV series places you at the heart of a life and death struggle for survival amid the desolate wastes of a zombie apocalypse . Brought to life with memorable characters and painfully difficult decisions , these are the kind of scares that will linger with you long after you 've finished playing .
Resident Evil : Revelations
If hammy action-horror is more your thing , then check out Resident Evil : Revelations . It 's everything you want from a classic horror staple : a creepy abandoned ghost ship , a mystery kidnapping , a whole load of gut-turningly gruesome monsters and a sprinkling of B-movie camp . Sure , it 's not exactly subtle , but with great pacing , interesting puzzles and some wonderfully-realised environments to explore , it 's a cracking horror experience .
We 're living through an era of remarkable U.S. corporate consolidation . A recent USC study shows that across multiple and diverse markets , industries are 25 % more likely to be “ highly concentrated ” than they were 20 years ago . From banking to computing to beer , mergers and acquisitions are accumulating at a breathtaking pace , raising antitrust concerns in the middle of a contentious presidential election cycle . Yet at the same time , America 's largest companies are more than twice as likely to lose market share than in 1980 .
Growing consolidation across multiple industries , but shrinking market share : What is going on ? I believe that industry consolidation may be the death throes of mature industries as they struggle to compete with America 's return to a more entrepreneurial , craft economy .
Beer is a great example : Regulators are contemplating the proposed merger of Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller , the capstone to a decade of frenzied merger and acquisition activity in the brewing market . The combined company would control 30 % of the world 's beer market . But the same decade that saw the rise of this singular beer giant has seen an explosion of craft breweries across the United States . A recent USA Today piece noted : “ At the end of June [ 2015 ] , there were 3,739 breweries in the U.S…that 's 699 more than at the same time last year and there are 1,755 additional breweries in planning . At that rate , the number of U.S. breweries could hit a record high , topping the 4,131 breweries open back in 1873 . ”
In a 2012 article for Harvard Business Review , Maxwell Wessel argued that scale , “ one of the last bastions from the competitive storm , ” is no longer profitable or safe . For a long time , technology gave big players a competitive advantage because no one else could afford to be big . If you were Ford Motor Company , no one else could afford the vast machinery needed to manufacture cars . If you were Walmart , no one else could afford the complicated technology required to track the demand logistics from shoppers in Peoria to production plants in China . But the radical connectivity of our digital world allows small businesses to collaborate in loose ways that give them capacities comparable to those of Walmart or Ford Motor Company . As Maxwell put it :
Where producing a product in a Chinese plastic extrusion plant used to require people on the ground brokering deals , proprietary information systems , and the ability to guarantee substantial volume , today it requires only Alibaba.com . Where only the largest organizations could operate 24-hour call centers , today , even small organizations have access to companies like Global Response . And cloud services are making it possible for even the smallest organizations to have access to first class customer management systems , fulfillment software , and accounting programs . The competitive advantages of scale are being commoditized . Minimum efficient scale is getting smaller and smaller .
It is easier than ever to start a new company . Buy a domain name ( NameCheap or GoDaddy or dozens of others ) , spin up a website ( SquareSpace or WordPress ) , have a logo crowdsourced ( 99designs or Fiverr ) , do the legal paperwork to register a corporation ( Legalzoom or RocketLawyer ) , and for under $ 1K you 've got a company . Start an online store ( Shopify or BigCommerce ) or get your brick-and-mortar operation up and running ( Square or PayPal ) . Amazon will rent you just about any part of their business , from hosting to warehousing to transaction processing . You can even raise investment capital online with a whole crop of crowdfunding startups of various stripes ( AngelList , CircleUp , IndieGoGo , Kickstarter , Tilt , LendingTree , Kabbage ) . You can build products using 3D printing , or use Alibaba to source manufacturers in China . It is hard to imagine businesses that are immune to small scale competition — airplane manufacturing , perhaps . Or pharmaceuticals , although even in drug manufacturing trends toward personalized medicine make the current hegemony likely to be short-lived .
In my book , The End of Big , I argue that the collection of trends that comprises the end of big companies will , at its best , lead to the rise of a craft-centric economy . We 're seeing some of this already , with the rise of Etsy.com and the so-called “ maker ” culture . Maker culture is not just about crafts ; it is also about things like solar roofs , 3-D printers and other high technology . But the craft aspect stands out , and harkens back to a return to a “ village ” way of thinking about the world . Amazon 's recent launch of an Etsy competitor makes it clear that “ craft ” is an increasingly attractive line of business .
While this transition feels inevitable , it does n't mean the big companies will go without a fight . Companies such as Microsoft have enormous cash reserves that they can use to keep the ” end of big ” at bay for a while . For many large companies , growing even larger provides seeming defense against the power of craft and the do-it-yourself attitude . Over time , however , smaller companies will be able to out-compete even the most powerful behemoths .
But it 's not necessarily a winner-takes-all scenario . New strategies will emerge for bigger organizations . There is a new breed of “ big ” on whom the coming age of “ small ” is built : the platform players ( like eBay , Etsy , Amazon , Apple , and Google ) on whose platforms smaller businesses blossom .
The realities of climate change are likely to bring even greater pressures to consolidated industries . Our current “ big ” economy is unsustainable . Happily , a more fragmented economy comprised primarily of small , dynamic firms has the potential to lead us to more sustainability while also fostering community and continued wealth generation . In this new world , consumers will have to develop ways of distinguishing between good , high quality designs and products and poor ones — a function that big brands have traditionally served for us . But that 's a small price to pay .
As environmentalist Bill McKibben wrote , “ We 're moving , if we 're lucky , from the world of few and big to the world of small and many . We 'll either head there purposefully or we 'll be dragged kicking. ” Far from seeing consolidation as a sign of strength , I view the recent spate of enormous deals as indication that big firms are desperate to forestall their demise . They are being dragged kicking into the future .
For a change , I find myself in some agreement with the French economist Thomas Piketty , at least in terms of what they have to say today on the Greek debt standoff , if very little else . However , he 's also missed one rather vital point about debt cancellation which goes to the heart of why this crisis can not be resolved within the straightjacket of monetary union .
One man 's debt is another man 's asset – they are two halves of the same coin . It follows that for the debt to be cancelled , the asset must also suffer a substantial devaluation . This is what many Greeks , including apparently the Greek government , fail to understand , or rather refuse to acknowledge . They want to be forgiven their debts , but they also want to remain within European Monetary Union , with the luxury this provides of a German exchange rate , which in effect underwrites the value of their assets and purchasing power abroad .
The two things are completely incompatible , for as long as Greece remains part of the euro , there is no market mechanism for imposing the haircut on assets prices that must accompany any write down of debt . Here 's an example of what I mean . At the height of Britain 's financial crisis , lots of wealthy Italians - and Greeks - came and bought prime London property , and it is easy to see why . Sterling prices had fallen around a quarter in nominal terms , and the pound had fallen by a further quarter against the euro . In effect , the euro buyers were getting the properties for around a half what they would have had to pay prior to the crisis . By the sake token , the vendour was in euro terms accepting a 50pc haircut .
With much finger pointing , Professor Piketty makes a lot of the tired old truism that Germany had a great deal of debt forgiveness after the second world war , allowing the defeated nation to wipe the slate clean and begin again . France similarly managed to wriggle out of many of its debt obligations . Britain , it should be said , had no such debt relief , which arguably explains much of its post war economic malaise . Europe has failed to learn the lessons of its own history , Professor Piketty insists .
`` When I hear the Germans say that they maintain a very moral stance about debt and strongly believe that debts must be repaid , then I think : what a huge joke ! Germany is the country that has never repaid its debts . It has no standing to lecture other nations '' .
Mmmm . In fact , the two situations are completely different . Under the London Agreement on German External Debts of 1953 , around a half of Germany 's external debts - substantially the legacy of the first world war - were written off and extremely generous terms were granted for repayment of the balance . Yet the assets that notionally backed these debts had already suffered a calamitous meltdown , having been all but wiped out by the destruction of the second world war and the post war hyperinflation . The debt write-off merely recognised the underlying reality of a severely depleted asset base . This has not happened in Greece . Membership of Europe 's currency union prevents it . Inflation is non existent , and asset prices are sustained by the homogenising effect of the single currency .
The trouble with the European take on the Greek debt crisis , and this applies even to those like Professor Piketty who recognises that something has gone seriously wrong , is that nobody can bring themselves to accept that monetary union has failed . The upshot is that ever more contorted thought patterns and solutions are required to reconcile the irreconcilable .
Does Greece need debt relief ? Obviously so . All its creditors know this , and have already reconciled themselves to having lost most , if not all , their money . Does austerity need to be eased to help the Greek economy get back on its feet ? Of course it does . But can this be achieved within the confines of monetary union ? With generous creditors , temporarily perhaps , but it can never be a long term solution . Instead , any asset writedowns will have to be done cruelly , by haircutting the depositors of Greek banks . Since the rich ones have already got their money out , it will be the middle and lower classes that will be hit most by this process .
There is a good reason why sensible countries have free floating exchange rates – it is because they provide a natural market mechanism for hair cutting external creditors , restoring competitiveness , and adjusting the external value of assets appropriately . Once these adjustments have been made , foreign capital will come flooding back in search of a bargain . And it is why the Greek debt crisis has become so intractable . It can not be solved in a monetary union of fiscally sovereign states .
Unintentionally , Greeks have done themselves - and perhaps the rest of Europe too - a favour by voting no . They have been misled by their Government , not to mention a whole host of famous American , salt water economists - Sachs , Krugman , Stiglitz - into thinking they can somehow bring the rest of Europe to heel by facing their creditors down . They can not . ( To be fair , Krugman seems to appreciate better than the other two the vital importance of exchange rate in debt relief ) . By voting no , they have put themselves on a path to exit and the unilateral debt relief of default . Like Germany in 1953 , this offers Greeks the possibility of a new beginning , and with a bit of luck , they might also have fatally wounded the entire euro project . It 's been a long time coming , but there 's a good chance that economics is finally about to triumph , as inevitably it always does , over delusional political will .
The Cal Poly Students for Quality Education ( SQE ) club are partnering with The Satanic Temple and San Luis Obispo Anti-Racist Action to sponsor a counter-MILO “ Demonic Double-Feature ” Satanist event on campus .
“ In celebration of free speech and satanism on the left , SQE is partnering with other progressive orgs to claim space ! ” declared Cal Poly SQE in a flyer posted to their Facebook page . “ One night only ! # ReclaimCSU # DumpTrump # FreeSpeechNotHateSpeech # MILO . ”
The headline of the flier also reads “ GOD COULD N'T SAVE AMERICA IN 2016… TIME TO GIVE THE OTHER GUY A CHANCE ! One Night Only at the Cal Poly University Union A DEMONIC DOUBLE FEATURE , ” and the event will feature two films with satanic themes : Invocation of My Demon Brother ( 1969 ) and ReGoreGitated Sacrifice ( 2008 ) .
Cal Poly SQE , along with other progressive activist clubs on campus , have fought tirelessly against MILO 's appearance at Cal Poly , and on Friday heralded UC Davis ' cancellation of MILO 's event .
“ When we organize , we WIN ! ” wrote the group in a Facebook post . “ # ShutITDOWN ! Unbelievably happy for this win–solidarity with UC Davis students ! ! ! # PowerToTheStudents # DemocratizeUC # ReclaimCSU . ”
In advertisements for its own general meetings , Cal Poly SQE claims to fight for “ free tuition , housing , food and healthcare for all students , ” “ women 's rights , ” “ immigrants , ” “ queer and trans folks , ” and “ racial , economic and social justice . ”
Cal Poly SQE can now officially add “ Satanism ” to their laundry list of progressive causes .
CORRECTION : The previous description for this article mistakenly claimed that Cal Poly SQE had partnered with The Satanic Temple to host their event . The Satanic Temple has since reached out to clarify that they have nothing to do with the event , and reject Cal Poly SQE 's celebration of the shutdown of MILO at UC Davis . Their full comments , which emphasize The Satanic Temple 's robust commitment to free speech , can be read in a follow-up article here .
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE and John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid : ‘ A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans ' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE wrote a new chapter in their long feud this week , when the president ripped the Arizona GOP senator for emboldening the enemy by calling last month 's U.S. raid in Yemen a failure .
The nasty jousting between a Republican president and senator was both unusual and predictable .
The two have repeatedly clashed on personal terms . One of Trump 's first controversies was to mock McCain 's time as a prison of war , saying they liked people “ who were n't captured . ”
McCain has repeatedly criticized Trump on foreign policy , knocking them for being too willing to give Russian President Vladimir Putin the benefit of the doubt and criticizing their attacks on a Gold Star family during the presidential campaign . They were one of a number of Republicans who stayed away from the GOP convention .
ADVERTISEMENT
At the same time , McCain has also played the part of dutiful Republican . They have voted for every Trump Cabinet pick , and they played down any animosity with Trump after the business mogul won the GOP presidential nomination .
Trump is likely to need McCain 's help in advancing their agenda .
The 2008 GOP presidential candidate is the chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee and will play a huge role in Defense policy over the next two years .
McCain could foil Trump in policy areas such as torture and Ukraine through the annual defense authorization bill .
He 's warned Trump not to lift sanctions against Russia , which have been imposed over Moscow 's annexation of Crimea ; its backing of separatists elsewhere in eastern Ukraine and its meddling in the U.S. election .
In that vein , McCain recently teamed up with five other senators from both parties on a bill that would require congressional oversight before Trump can lift the sanctions .
The fight between McCain and Trump this week was over the raid in Yemen , which left one Navy SEAL and a number of civilians dead .
The White House has insisted the operation was a success , with spokesperson Sean Spicer saying anyone critical of it was doing a disservice to the fallen SEAL .
Hours later , McCain told NBC News that it 's fair to criticize a mission for failing and still hold respect for those who serve , noting their feelings about a failed mission to save them from a prisoner of war camp in Vietnam .
It all might have ended there , were it not for the president 's fondness for Twitter .
“ Sen . McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media . Only emboldens the enemy ! He 's been losing so long they do n't know how to win anymore , ” Trump tweeted Thursday .
Trump 's tweet made more headlines , though McCain did n't take the bait and refused to offer another comment — but they did tweak the president again on Russia .
In an interview this week , Trump said the U.S. is not innocent in response to a comment about Russian President Vladimir Putin being a killer .
McCain said they “ strongly disagrees ” with the president on Putin .
“ What we need to do is understand Vladimir Putin for what they are -- a murderer and a thug , ” McCain told reporters .
Supporters of McCain shrug off their criticisms of Trump , arguing they are no different from their public criticisms of President George W. Bush and President Obama .
After Bush beat them in the 2000 primary , McCain was sometimes a thorn in the side of the new president . And after Obama defeated McCain in 2008 , the Republican was often seen as one of the new president 's most strident critics . Some even wondered if bitterness over the defeat played a role in McCain 's criticism at the time .
Former aides say McCain has been consistent throughout their career .
“ What you are seeing is John McCain being John McCain . This is no different than when George W. Bush was president , when Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate , America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44 ' on sleeve at basketball game MORE was president , and now when Donald Trump is president , ” one former McCain aide told The Hill .
“ He says what they believe , whether it 's in support of the president or not . That 's been a hallmark of their entire career . ”
Further fights between McCain and Trump seem almost certain .
Neither likes to back down from a fight , and it is hard to believe that Trump 's criticisms of McCain have n't got under their skin .
They have certainly irritated their family members .
Meghan McCain , the senator 's daughter , lashed out at Trump this week , nothing that their father , grandfather and brothers had all served in the military while Trump had not .
“ McCain is very proud of their ‘ maverick ' brand and Donald Trump is who they are . So I do n't think the two will ever be close , ” one Trump ally outside of the White House said .
Gordon Adams , a professor at American University who worked on defense budgeting in the Clinton administration , called McCain and Trump 's fight over the Yemen raid a “ microcosm ” of what 's to come in the next few years .
While the National Defense Authorization Act is n't a typical vehicle for sanctions legislation , Adams said they would n't be surprised to see language in this year 's tying Trump 's hands on Russia sanctions .
“ The old phrase about Congress is that they go along to get along -- not in John McCain 's case , ” Adams said .
The court heard how the bust up occurred as Walker had been `` letting their hair down '' on one of their regular weekend boozing sessions and had rowed with their new boyfriend . They claimed to remember nothing about it .
But the outburst came just six weeks after Walker escaped with a 12 month community order after they attacked PC Thomas Lord as they questioned them for crashing their car in a drunken stupor . During the incident they told PC Lord to `` f * * * off , '' after they asked them to give a breath test , refused to get out of their Renault Megane , tried to bite and headbutt the officer and made verbal threats .
They tore at their cheek , breaking the skin and causing pain . In previous incidents earlier in the year they kicked an officer in the chest and booted another in the shin .
In mitigation defence lawyer Ben Leech said Walker had a drink problem and when their children had become `` more independent '' they had `` more free time and more time to kill . ''
Mr Leech said as Walker was being walked across to the police station , they were handcuffed to the rear . They had back surgery in January , their head was down , they were looking at the floor and needed to stand up straight .
`` She was telling the officer they needed to stand up , '' they said . `` She was trying to force themselves up and their head connected with the officer 's chin . ''
AUBREY , Texas ( CBS11 ) – An Aubrey mom caught a police officer on video doing something entirely unexpected after they told some kids hello on their car 's public address system .
“ He was saying hi to them and stuff and then they left and came back and got out of the car , ” said Misty McNabb who posted the video on their Facebook page .
“ I started talking to them and they were going down the slide , ” said Officer Ryan McLearen . “ And I said , ‘ How about me ? You think I 'd fit down there ? ' And they were like , ‘ no ' . ”
Officer McLearen took the kids ' challenge .
McLearen towered over the kids as they lumbered onto the playground equipment wearing their uniform and utility belt and wedged themselves onto the slide .
The children began laughing excitedly .
“ I try to go down the first time and my pistol got caught on it , ” McLearen laughed . “ And one of the kids said , ‘ Your gun is stuck ! ' So I fix that and I was finally able to get down the slide . And it was like , ‘ Yeah ! All right ! I did it ! ' ”
The video shows the officer at the bottom of the slide raising their arms triumphantly as the kids laugh and scream .
Officer McLearen said they learned as a school resource officer the real challenge is n't getting their six-and-a-half foot body down a slide , it 's communicating to the children .
“ My goofy side just kind of came out one day . And I was like , well they kind of show that they like that . So I kind of stuck with it . I mean , if I need to be police I can be police . But I prefer it be like this . ”
When McLearen pulled up to the park for their interview with CBS11 in a marked police unit , nearly a dozen children flocked to their car leaving the playground deserted .
McLearen prefers the kids running to greet police officers instead of running away .
“ I think it 's really good for them because they see that they can interact with them in the regular people , ” McNabb said . “ And they 're not scary like some people make it out to be . And it makes them feel safe . ”
McClearen said their department not only condones their behavior , it encourages it as part of department efforts to interact with citizens .
“ Unfortunately , we live in a world where it 's pretty common place that the police are out to get them , ” McLearen said . “ You know , if you can change one kids mine you 've done a lot . In my mind they 're going to take away a lot of good stuff from this . ”
In January 2016 , Medford will swear in a new mayor for the first time in 28 years .
Michael J. McGlynn , a Medford native and the longest-serving active mayor in Massachusetts , announced Monday they would not seek re-election for a 15th term as the city 's mayor .
“ I can answer your first three questions for you , ” McGlynn , 61 , said by phone late Monday afternoon after making the announcement via press release . “ My health is great . My marriage is great . And I did not sign up for a big job somewhere . ”
The decision was made late Sunday night , McGlynn said , after a weekend spent with their grandchildren and a conversation with their father , former Medford Mayor John “ Jack ” McGlynn , whom McGlynn idolized growing up and followed into office as both a state representative and mayor .
“ I was always in it because I saw what my father did , ” McGlynn said . “ I saw how they helped people and I wanted to do the same thing . ”
McGlynn remembers jumping into the car with their father one Saturday when a woman from the Fulton Heights neighborhood called the family 's home in a panic .
“ A woman called the house and said , ‘ I have young children and I have bees in my backyard , ' ” McGlynn said . “ I remember my father going up there , tying a handkerchief around their face and using a pump [ spray ] can to get rid of the bees .
“ That 's the basis of all government , ” they continued . “ You are the person who has the knowledge , who knows who to call in order to help somebody get something done . ”
Politics were a staple of McGlynn 's childhood , with their father constantly campaigning for state representative , city councilor or mayor , an office they held for 11 years throughout the 1960s and ‘ 70s .
“ He ran [ for office ] like every year , ” McGlynn said . “ People complain about running every two years — we stuffed 10,000 envelopes every year . That was family time around the dinner table . ”
At about dinnertime on April 12 , McGlynn took a trip to the grocery store by themselves to think about their decision . Then , they went to visit their father .
“ He said , ‘ I 'm 100 percent with you , ' ” McGlynn said . “ ‘ You 're a great mayor . ' ”
First few years
Born April 23 , 1953 , McGlynn attended Arlington Catholic High School and the University of Massachusetts Boston , where they obtained a bachelor 's degree in political science and history .
McGlynn has held an elected position since 1977 , when , at age 23 , they began an 11-year run as state representative for the 37th Middlesex District .
McGlynn was sworn in as Medford 's mayor Jan. 4 , 1988 , a day on which Time Magazine named Mikhail Gorbachev its “ Man of the Year ” as the former Soviet Union leader engineered an end to the Cold War .
On their first day as mayor , McGlynn , then 35 , walked into their office , sat at their desk and asked their secretaries if any calls had come through for him .
“ ‘ No . ' ”
“ Any mail ? ” they said .
“ ‘ No . ' ”
“ Anyone wants to see me ? ” they said .
“ ‘ No . ' ”
Still an acting state representative , McGlynn told their assistants they were going to the State House , where the Legislature was starting session at 11 a.m .
They did the same thing the next day .
“ By the third day , everything was wild , ” said McGlynn , whose phone rang every 30 seconds Monday evening after the announcement .
For nearly three decades , McGlynn has led the city with clout rivaled by few elected officials across the state , beginning their first term as mayor two years after residents voted to change the city 's charter from Plan E to Plan A — which allows a city 's mayor sweeping authority , including the ability to hire and fire all city employees without confirmation .
In addition to calling the shots from their office on the second floor of City Hall , McGlynn became the face of Medford , shuttling around to community events , shaking hands with residents and proclaiming all the good things happening in “ the city of Medford ! ”
“ I love the job as much today as the first day I served here , ” McGlynn said , listing ongoing development projects that they helped start , such as River 's Edge and Station Landing . “ I love being in the middle of all that . I love working with three or four things going on simultaneously . But I think the bottom line is , it 's time . ”
On Monday , McGlynn met with city employees to announce their decision . They said their assistants burst into tears when they told them .
“ It 's a very difficult decision to make , ” McGlynn said . “ Once you 're in there and you 're an elected official and you love it so much , you can never walk away . This has been a process for me over the last four years to finally make the decision .
“ Three elections ago , I looked at it and went back and forth and said , ‘ No , I 've got too much I want to get done , ' ” they added . “ And I went through the same thing two elections ago . But now , the reserves are built . The finances are strong . The foundation is there for the developments that are coming in . The education system , millions have gone into all the improvements in the schools .
“ As far as I know , no one else has ever done 28 [ years ] . People say , ‘ Go for 30 ! ' I do n't get hung up on that . I just love going to work every day . ”
In the press release , McGlynn named highlights of their administration , including the creation of a linkage program that captures fees from developers , efforts to clean up and develop brownfield sites , the $ 1 purchase of 47.9 acres of state land used to rebuild the city 's public schools and recent improvements to the city 's bond rating .
“ We 're a much different community than we were 28 years ago , ” McGlynn said . “ The school building project , no one will every do that again . ”
Their top accomplishment , they say , is guiding the city through periods of economic difficulty .
“ When communities throughout the country during the recession were laying off firefighters , police officers , teachers , closing schools , we always found a way to be creative and innovative to make up money to cover those costs , ” McGlynn said . “ Because when you lose personnel , you lose the services to the people and that 's where the hurt comes in . We did n't suffer the hurt that other communities did . ”
Despite their engaging storytelling and status as Medford 's No . 1 fan , McGlynn faced plenty of critics — particularly among factions of the Medford City Council , who have for years made a spectacle of the council 's Tuesday night meetings , taking regular shots at McGlynn .
Not that they fazed him .
“ The one thing my mother always told me , ” said McGlynn , whose mother , the late Helen McGynn , worked on campaigns for a number of Democratic candidates , “ She said , ‘ Michael , your only job to any critic who ever has anything to say is to do your job and show them the results at the polls .
“ I came into government on my own terms , and I 'm leaving on my own terms , ” they said . “ That 's what my father did . That 's very rare today . And I love the people of Medford for it . ”
McGlynn said they thought about holding an event to make the announcement but decided against it after considering all the requests he 's made of residents and friends during their tenure as mayor , whether for donations or attending events .
“ I said , ‘ I 'm doing this the simple way , ' ” McGlynn said . “ ‘ I 'm sending out a release . ”
At the end of the press release , McGlynn recalled meeting then President-Elect John F. Kennedy on Jan. 9 , 1961 , at the Massachusetts State House . McGlynn , then 8 , was told to sit under the desk of their father , then a state representative , as Secret Service officers swept the building .
“ That night , before bedtime , I told my father I wanted to be the mayor of Medford , ” McGlynn wrote in the release . “ He said , ‘ Go to bed . We will talk about it in the morning . ' ”
Although McGlynn will lay rest to their mayoral career later this year , they do n't plan to spend their days sitting at home .
“ This guy 's not retiring for a while , ” they said . “ When I leave here , I 'll be working some place else at some point after taking some time off . ”
McGlynn said they are looking forward to spending more time with their wife , Sheila , and the couple 's three children and four ( soon to be five ) grandchildren .
“ I spent late [ Saturday ] afternoon running around the yard with my grandsons , ” McGlynn said . “ My family has been very good ; they 've sacrificed a lot . I still love the job . I 'm going to be here to help . But I think it 's important after 28 years , you change your mayor . ”
Gathering and disseminating information is essential to make sure everyone is safe before , during , and after a protest .
Carrying out monitoring and documentation which leads to making impartial information about the protest and any abuses which took place publicly available , is a key strategy for maintaining a space for free assembly and association , and the right to protest . It helps the public to learn about the demands and causes that motivate the protest , and can be used to call those responsible to account in the case of abuses .
Through your impartial monitoring and documentation , you can work to increase tolerance and acceptance of the right to protest among State authorities and society in general . Furthermore , monitoring and documentation can have the effect of deterring attacks against protesters , since those responsible may have their actions publicized and be held responsible before the law as a result .
While there are some technical skills which are helpful in monitoring and documentation , no professional experience is required . However , in order for monitoring and documentation to be truly effective , you must ensure the accuracy and impartiality of your information .
The impact of your work depends largely on how you conduct yourself and the reliability of the information you gather . Conduct yourself with independence , transparency , and integrity in order to build trust and respect among all actors for your work . The police should facilitate the work of monitors and media alike before , during , and after a protest .
Gathering firsthand and accurate information is crucial . The impact of your work depends on how you conduct yourself and how reliable is the information provided . Conduct yourself with independence , transparency , and integrity at all time – it will build trust with affinity groups and , depending on the contexts , it might provide a strong stand before the police and other authorities .
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
EUROPA JUPITER SYSTEM MISSION Nasa : Jupiter Europa Orbiter could launch on Atlas rocket in 2020 Esa : Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter ( above ) lofted by an Ariane Probes use Venus gravity assist to arrive 6 years later Orbiters conduct joint observations at other Jupiter moons Would finally settle into orbits around dedicated targets Studies will focus on Europa 's and Ganymede 's interiors End destructions will allow unique measurement opportunities Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . Nasa and the European Space Agency have decided to forge ahead with an ambitious plan to send probes to the Jupiter system and its icy moon Europa . The proposal could be the agencies ' next `` flagship '' endeavour , to follow on from the successful Cassini-Huygens mission to the Saturn system . Officials had been considering the Jupiter mission along with a venture to Saturn 's moons Titan and Enceladus . But they will target an earlier flight opportunity for the Europa mission . A Saturnian return will have to wait until later in the century , agency chiefs say . The missions would cost several billion dollars/euros to build and execute and might never fly if other future space endeavours become higher research priorities . The decision was made last week at a meeting in Washington DC . Scientists and engineers from the space agencies carefully studied both potential missions , which resulted from merging separate Nasa and Esa mission concepts . They decided it was most technically feasible to do the Europa Jupiter System Mission ( EJSM ) first . Combined effort Professor David Southwood , Esa 's director of science and robotic exploration , said : `` This joint endeavour is a wonderful new exploration challenge and will be a landmark of 21st Century planetary science . '' But Esa 's Solar System Working Group decided that , based on scientific merit , there was little to separate this venture from the Titan Saturn System Mission ( TSSM ) . They therefore recommended , with Nasa 's agreement , that both missions move forward for further study and implementation . TITAN SATURN SYSTEM MISSION Mission would leave Earth on Atlas heavy-lift rocket Would take 9 years to reach Saturn with Venus fly-by Nasa : responsible for 1.6-tonne instrumented orbiter Esa : would provide balloon and hydrocarbon lake lander ( above ) Orbiter to tour Saturn system before entering Titan orbit Tour allows further studies of Enceladus and its plumes Will need to raise the high scientific bar set by Cassini Ed Weiler , associate administrator for Nasa 's science mission directorate in Washington DC , commented : `` Although the Jupiter system mission has been chosen to proceed to an earlier flight opportunity , a Saturn system mission clearly remains a high priority for the science community . '' EJSM proposes Nasa and Esa combine efforts in the Jovian system . Major targets here would be the Galilean moons Europa and Ganymede . Scientists have long dreamed of visiting Europa with sophisticated instrumentation . The icy moon 's cracked surface is thought to hide a sub-surface ocean ; and researchers want to start assessing the habitability of this strange world . Louis Friedman , executive director of The Planetary Society , commented : `` A mission to Jupiter 's icy moon Europa will take us to one of the most likely habitats in the Solar System - other than Earth - where life might have evolved . '' They added : `` We are delighted that it is being organised as an international project - making the mission more affordable and increasing its support . '' The EJSM assessment team suggests the US and Europe both send orbiters . Nasa would despatch the Jupiter Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) ; Esa would send the Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter ( JGO ) . `` It 's a double integrated mission . What we want to do with two platforms is to contemplate the Jupiter system as a whole - each platform looking at specific objects ; and the two platforms looking at the same objects from two different perspectives , '' said Michel Blanc , from the CESR ( Centre d'Etude Spatiale des Rayonnements ) in Toulouse , France . A mission to Jupiter 's icy moon , Europa , will take us to one of the most likely habitats in the Solar System - other than Earth - where life might have evolved
Louis Friedman , The Planetary Society Although the two spacecraft would occasionally conduct joint observations , only Nasa 's probe would spend time around Europa - which is known to have a severe radiation environment . A previous Esa feasibility study into a Europa mission gave spacecraft orbiting the moon a lifetime of just 66 days . Nasa plans to use specific shielding to protect sensitive electronic systems . `` [ The Americans ] are confident now that they can operate for several months in orbit and do the mission which is complete coverage both of the surface and the interior , '' Dr Blanc told BBC News The JEO and JGO would end their missions by crashing into their respective moons . 'Fascinating ' targets On the subject of the Galilean satellites , Dr Blanc added : `` They are fascinating . They are coupled ; they are in resonance . `` While Ganymede is doing one turn around Jupiter , Europa is doing two turns ; and Io is doing four orbits . And in this motion they keep eccentricity ; they excite each other . And there is a lot of tidal interaction which heats the internal bodies of those satellites . '' My heart belongs to Titan
Professor John Zarnecki , Open University Professor John Zarnecki , from the Open University in Milton Keynes , UK , told BBC News : `` Europa will be absolutely brilliant when it happens . '' But the planetary scientist , who is a principal investigator on the Cassini-Huygens mission to the Saturnian system , added : `` My heart belongs to Titan . `` One gets used to long timescales , but when it came home that I will probably be in my Bath chair by the time [ TSSM ] happens , it was disappointing . '' The TSSM concept envisages sending an orbiter to the moons Titan and Enceladus . It would build on the discoveries made by Cassini-Huygens , which arrived at Saturn in July 2004 and continues to operate . Cassini has sent back data indicating that Titan resembles a primitive Earth - albeit one that is deep frozen . It has a thick , hazy atmosphere and is rich in organic ( carbon-rich ) molecules . Recent revelations at Enceladus show that its southern polar region contains hot spots spewing huge jets of water-ice into space . And scientists think this moon may also host an ocean of liquid water beneath the surface . Tasting chemistry British scientists and engineers will look to play key roles on the European aspects of the Europa and Jupiter system venture . One group will put forward the idea of firing darts , or penetrators , at the icy surface of Europa to `` taste '' its chemistry . The icy surface of Europa is riven with cracks The UK Penetrators Consortium , led from the Mullard Space Science Laboratory , is working on a proposal that would see instrumented probes dropped into the dusty surface of Earth 's moon . But the researchers believe the technology could just as easily be deployed into a Jovian satellite . `` It allows you , for example , to implant a seismometer under the surface ; or to do some simple organic chemical analysis , '' explained Dr Andrew Coates from MSSL . Other small sensors could determine the temperature of the sub-surface , its mechanical properties and detect any movement ; they could also probe the minerals present and assess the local magnetic and radiation fields . Professor Zarnecki commented : `` If you ca n't sample the surface directly , one option would be to look at the ejecta - the material thrown off the surface during impacts . `` [ At the Open University ] we would like to fly a spectrometer around Europa to find out whether we can see organics . '' Paul.Rincon-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bring Fantastic Arcade home to you with five amazing and exclusive games , presented by Austin 's independent game collective JUEGOS RANCHEROS !
We brought together five of the most talented indie developers from around the world to create new games , all of which made their debut at our seventh-annual indie game festival , Fantastic Arcade , which took place in Austin , TX , September 22nd through 29th , 2016 .
All proceeds from the sale of this bundle benefit our non-profit organization . Help us showcase more amazing games both here in Austin and a city near you , and commission more fantastic developers to create new games like these !
Included in this bundle are all five games you see here , along with extras & bonus materials ! Here is what you 'll get :
NIUM , by Moppin & Nemk
DOWNWELL creator Moppin has partnered with Nemk ( one of our favorite artists working in games ) to present NIUM : a post-apocalyptic action game where players will crawl through a ruined , abandoned , STALKER-esque exclusion zone inhabited only by a variety of mutated wildlife . ( Windows , Mac )
ALPHABET , by Keita Takahashi & Adam Saltsman
Originally available only to select Kickstarter backers , ALPHABET is a slapstick marathon footrace for 1- to 26-players from Keita Takahashi ( renowned creator of KATAMARI DAMACY & NOBY NOBY BOY ) and Adam Saltsman ( designer behind CANABALT & OVERLAND ) . Run , jump , eat , sing , poop , and sleep through silly obstacle courses ! ( Windows , Mac , Linux )
INSPECTOR WOOF , by Klondike
From Klondike — France 's upstart super-collective of indie game stars — INSPECTOR WOOF & THE VEGETABLE HIGH SCHOOL is a procedurally generated mystery adventure game where every student is hiding terrible secrets . Armed only with your freshly-printed hints sheet , dig deep into their guilty consciences and expose the truth ! ( Windows , Mac , Linux )
F2OGGY , by Nathalie Lawhead
F2OGGY ( Only one survives ! ) is a Brute-Force Frog-Combat Simulator , by the IGF-winning creator Nathalie Lawhead , made for a growing audience of competitive frogfans . Each player is divided into a faction ( a Frog-Faction ) , and must defeat their opponent using High-Velocity Amphibian Impact Lunges . ( Windows , Mac )
LASSOS , by SOKPOP
From SOKPOP — the Dutch collective behind indie cult classics like the low-fi sci-fi exploration game BERNBAND — comes LASSOS , a game fit for its Texas debut : throw lassos , get money ! ( Windows , Mac )
14.7k SHARES THIS STORY
Trump 's favorite media outlet , Fox News , is reporting what may be the REAL reason Steve Bannon was suddenly removed from their post on the National Security Council ( NSC ) .
Apparently , Trump thinks Bannon is getting too much attention .
Fox News Chief White House Correspondent John Roberts dropped the news at the end of their report on Bannon 's demotion back to just being a Senior White House Advisor .
“ We are also told that maybe the President was not particularly happy , ” said Roberts , “ at the way Bannon had been grabbing the limelight . That may have played into all of this . ”
The other , other shoe drops .
@ johnrobertsFox : `` The president was n't particularly happy at the way Bannon had been grabbing the limelight… '' pic.twitter.com/P3PIXNwL0n — Tom Namako ( @ TomNamako ) April 5 , 2017
There have been a slew of news stories that called the former head of the rightwing Breitbart news website , “ President Bannon , ” along with a social media campaign where voters sent mocking postcards to the White House addressed to “ President Bannon . ”
This may be Trump 's way of making it clear there is only one President , and they are the man , the only man in charge .
There is also the theory that as the Son-in-Law rises , Bannon is falling from favor . Earlier this week , Trump 's former campaign aide Roger Stone said on the far-right paranoid conspiracy theory show InfoWars that Jared Kushner texts Joe Scarborough at MSNBC to plant negative stories about Bannon .
That would go along with numerous reports of in-fighting in Trump 's White House between Kushner and other aides . This may be a sign Kushner is winning .
The only thing that appears certain is that Bannon is not as big a player in Trumpworld as they were yesterday .
Download our NEW Occupy Democrats app for your iPhone by clicking here or for your Android by clicking here .
Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President 's crimes . IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP !
Lee Kwang Soo may be starring in screenwriter Noh Hee Kyung 's new drama “ Live ” ( tentative title ) as the male lead !
On June 19 , Lee Kwang Soo 's agency King Kong by Starship stated , “ Lee Kwang Soo was offered the role of a young police officer in Noh Hee Kyung 's new drama ‘ Live ' and is positively looking over the offer. ” Jung Yoo Mi is also considering a role in the drama as the main lead .
“ Live ” will follow a police patrol division in their portrayal of grassroots democracy and will be an anthem of the glorious justice of democracy . It will be a drama about finding our true selves despite having already grown up into adults .
Noh Hee Kyung will work with producer Kim Gyu Tae , whom they previously worked with for “ Worlds Within , ” “ Padam Padam , ” “ It 's Okay , That 's Love , ” and “ That Winter , the Wind Blows . ”
“ Live ” will go into filming during the second half of this year and is aiming to begin airing early next year .
Source ( 1 )
There 's word on the street is that MiLSPEC is having some serious internal issues currently . MiLSPEC is the Professional Multi-Platform eSports Organization owned and operated by US Military Veterans . With all due respect to Veterans , they are human and make good & bad choices like any other individual . MiLSPEC is a fairly new Org and has n't stood the test of time like many larger Organizations .
“ MiLSPEC 's been on Twitter since April 2016 , but the team formed during Pro League Season 1 . ”
In a brief review of the history of the team . MiLSPEC 's been on Twitter since April 2016 , but the team formed during Pro League Season 1 . MiLSPEC was primarily members from Velocity eSports . The original line-up in Season 1 was Dahdii , BC , SgtJamJar , Throwadox , and Viking . In Season 2 they picked-up Jarvis ( Currently of Ominous , which was Miner eSports ) . Season 3 is where the real changes started to happen for MiLSPEC . The remaining members of the team took a step back from competition to focus on the Organization . They took over management of the Org and picked up a shiny new roster of Professional players . They announced the new line-up in August of 2016 . The new roster consisted of TOPKEK , Remorce , Dapz , Crimzndeath , and Serenity17 . This news was huge and controversial at the time for MiLSPEC . Particularly due to picking up well known members in the community like Remorce and Serenity17 . Remorce was formerly Kingdom and ACN . Serenity17 was also formerly ACN , and one of the most popular Rainbow Six YouTube/Twitch content creators . These players joining brought a lot of attention to the team and created a huge following . Rumors spread on whether Serenity17 would do well in competition . He 'd been out of the competition for some time , but their videos touted their knowledge . Though MiLSPEC did n't score high during Season 3 , they performed extremely well and backed up their reputation .
“ According to recent rumors however , trouble is brewing in their Rainbow Six division . ”
While the team has yet to see Pro League LAN finals , they have n't given up on competing . MiLSPEC plan to compete moving forward in the 6 Invitational event for the foreseeable future . According to recent rumors however , trouble is brewing in their Rainbow Six division .
“ In even darker news , rumors are 'MiLSPEC management would not or may not fulfill contract obligations . ' ”
According to anonymous sources , “ the players of MiLSPEC have left the Organization. ” . Apparently there were “ disagreements with the Org Owner on how the team should be run. ” . Team management disagreements happen from time-to-time within Orgs . The players sometimes have a different view of the future than those who run the Organization . Even more likely when the Management was previously comprised of Professional players . They may feel as knowledgeable about the game play or methods as the current players . In even darker news , rumors are “ MiLSPEC management would not or may not fulfill contract obligations. ” On top of which , “ The owner was attempting to insert themselves into the team and take over control to reform the previous Season 2 , MiLSPEC Roster . ”
“ It 's unfortunate these disagreements occur , but always a possibility when Ex-Players run an Organization . ”
These spells trouble for the Players vs. the Organization . It 's unfortunate these disagreements occur , but always a possibility when Ex-Players run an Organization . Especially if they start itching to play professionally again . These types of issues are less likely to happen in Organizations where management focuses on business , marketing , growth , carefully selecting promising teams , and leaving “ team management ” up to their players . A separation of Church and State , so to speak . Direct no ill-will toward MiLSPEC eSports or the now ex-members in this article . It 's up to you to find the truth or facts . Hopefully , this will give you some food-for-thought if you plan to sign your team with an Organization , or even start one of your own .
“ The question that remains now is ... What is the new name they will be flying as their banner ? ”
There is good news remaining through all this tribulation . The players , though now “ Orgless , ” plan to remain together and compete together . These players are a great group of guys and skilled players . I find no query on whether they will succeed in their future endeavors . The question that remains now is ... What is the new name they will be flying as their banner ? Will they be looking for a new Organization to pick them up ? There 's a lot of attention to be had with this team and its particular members . It could be great for any Organization that is looking to pick up a Rainbow Six team . Looking forward to getting the scoop on what will happen next . Stay in the loop , and I will do my best to keep you updated as time progresses .
Article by : Ripley555
* Disclaimer : While every caution has been taken to provide readers with most accurate information and honest analysis , please use your discretion before taking any decisions based on the information in this article . The author will not compensate you in any way whatsoever if you ever happen to suffer a loss/inconvenience/damage because of/while making use of information in this article.All information was gathered from publicly available knowledge and anonymous sources . None of the information in this article should be read as fact but instead , is comprised of rumors , intellectual knowledge , and hearsay .
ShockTillYouDrop.com has your exclusive first look at five new photos from The Woman in Black 2 Angel of Death , opening in theaters on January 2 , 2015 . Directed by Tom Harper , the film stars Phoebe Fox , Jeremy Irvine and Helen McCrory .
When a group of orphaned children are forced to move from their home in London , caretakers Eve ( Phoebe Fox ) and Jean ( Helen McCrory ) bring everyone to the desolate and eerie British countryside . 40 years after Arthur Kipps ( Daniel Radcliffe ) left , this supernatural horror film introduces this new group to the now abandoned Eel Marsh House ; an odd but seemingly safe location . It is n't long before Eve starts to sense that this house is not what it appears to be as the children in their care begin to disappear . As their house of safety becomes a house of horrors , Eve enlists the help of a handsome pilot ( Jeremy Irvine ) to help investigate what is happening . Eve soon discovers that it may not be a coincidence that they have come to reside in the house inhabited by the Woman in Black .
“ It sounds utopian , I know , ” says Daniel Haime , standing over the map of Serena del Mar , the city they are building on the Caribbean Sea . They plan to transform a 2,500-acre site outside Cartagena , Colombia – which their family bought in 1968 – into a lively metropolis . There will be a world-class hospital , low-income housing and state-run schools , a marina and bike trails , a luxury hotel and waterfront dining . One day , vaporetti on the lagoon could connect Serena del Mar to downtown Cartagena .
It seems like an auspicious time to build a new city in Colombia . In 2016 , the government and the FARC rebel group signed a peace deal ending 50 years of conflict . A cautious optimism buoys the economy . Bogotá and Medellín , the country 's largest cities , have become models for smart urban design . But not Cartagena . It may be one of the fastest-growing cities in Colombia but , according to Nicolás Galarza Sanchez , a research scholar at New York University 's Marron Institute of Urban Management , it is also a case study in how not to expand . It has spread in a fashion typical of South America : high-rise condominiums for the rich have sprouted along the waterfront while poor settlements made up of squalid , informal dwellings have grown in areas prone to flooding . Galarza and their colleagues are working with the Colombian government to help manage growth in 100 cities across the country .
Serena del Mar , seven miles up the coast , is being developed privately by Haime 's company , Novus Civitas , and will absorb some of the city 's population growth . In 30 years , it could be home to 100,000 people . The master plan has been drawn up by EDSA , an American firm which specialises in sustainability . Their design tackles two big challenges : how to build a city for both rapid population growth and climate change .
Vertical fins The business school for the University of the Andes
Many recent developments around the world bear the influence of Le Corbusier , who advocated destroying historic downtowns and replacing them with superblocks , or “ towers in the park ” , with little sensitivity to the local environment . Haime 's vision is for a green city , where nature guides the design . They were inspired by the work of Ian McHarg , a Scottish landscape architect who pioneered an ecological approach to development in the 1960s .
Among the architects for Serena del Mar is Brandon Haw , whose firm is behind four buildings , including a business school for the University of the Andes . “ What you learn from history , ” they say , “ is not style but how people put buildings together to mitigate extremes of climate. ” Just like in Cartagena 's old city , where streets channel the wind and homes are built around courtyards , their university building captures the northerly breeze and funnels it towards a pool in the centre , which helps to cool the space . Vertical fins , a modern take on colonial shutters , protect the façade from direct sunlight .
The city 's commercial centre will be built around a dredged canal and streams will course through residential areas . Three-quarters of the site will be parkland , protecting estuaries , mangroves and saman trees . Channels have been opened up so that seawater can refresh the mangroves . When it rains the water flows through valleys , which are no good for housing but excellent for golf courses , where the irrigation will keep the fairways green . The buildings ' foundations are elevated well above sea level to protect against rising waters .
Given Colombia 's extreme income inequality , it is the planners ' sensitivity to social issues that makes Serena del Mar such an unusual project . As in cities across Colombia , many of Cartagena 's residents have fled violence in rural areas . Decades ago , a group of refugees from the countryside settled on a beach that is now part of Serena del Mar . Landowners have a legal obligation to agree with those living on their land how it will be developed – a condition that is often disregarded . But having signed a charter with government officials present , Haime has promised that Serena del Mar will include accommodation , education and jobs for these people . Their homes will stay where they are . When they need extra room , there will be affordable housing nearby .
Construction is already underway . The business school will be completed this spring ; students will arrive by the end of the year . Within 18 months , families will settle into apartments , buses will pull into the transit terminal , and an airy 400-bed hospital – designed by Moshe Safdie and consultants from Johns Hopkins Medicine International – will open , accepting patients on Colombia 's universal health-insurance programme .
Pfc . Charles McCullough , 24 , from Brooklyn walks back with other soldiers to a landing spot after spending several hours trying to disrupt Taliban smuggling routes in this barren stretch of Zabul .
June 23 , 2014 Pfc . Charles McCullough , 24 , from Brooklyn walks back with other soldiers to a landing spot after spending several hours trying to disrupt Taliban smuggling routes in this barren stretch of Zabul . Ernesto Londoño/The Washington Post
U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan have widely divergent outlooks about the odds that this nation stymied by a rocky political transition , a stubborn insurgency and an anemic economy will somehow stabilize .
U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan have widely divergent outlooks about the odds that this nation stymied by a rocky political transition , a stubborn insurgency and an anemic economy will somehow stabilize .
U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan have widely divergent outlooks about the odds that this nation stymied by a rocky political transition , a stubborn insurgency and an anemic economy will somehow stabilize .
It was a homecoming of sorts for Lt. Col. Paul Larson , returning to this remote corner of southern Afghanistan at the twilight of America 's longest war . They were back to take stock of a slice of the battlefield that seemed brimming with possibility when they last led soldiers here a decade ago .
In 2005 , Larson was zealous about counterinsurgency , convinced that irrigation projects , agrarian reform initiatives and new schools would plant the seeds of peace , rendering this impoverished , barren area inhospitable to an insurgency that appeared on the brink of defeat .
As they flew to their former outpost late last month , commanding the last U.S. battalion conducting full-spectrum combat operations in Afghanistan , Larson 's mission was narrower , less ambitious and without altruistic impulses .
“ It 's a pleasure to be here to help you finish off the last little pockets of Taliban , ” the American officer told Col. Gada Mohammed Dost , the Afghan commander who for the past two years has muddled through in this contested sector of southeastern Afghanistan with virtually no American help .
The 82nd Airborne Division paratroopers under Larson 's command have been tasked with dropping into contested areas to examine how Afghan troops are faring as U.S. forces have thinned out and to deal a few final blows to militant groups that have withstood nearly 13 years of American firepower .
14 people were shot dead by Taliban gunmen who stopped their minibuses in central Afghanistan . A 3-year-old child was among the victims . ( Reuters )
The mission has given them a rich vantage point on the state of a war the United States will largely disengage from by year 's end — and the soldiers here have divergent outlooks about the odds that this nation stymied by a rocky political transition , a stubborn insurgency and an anemic economy will somehow stabilize .
As the conflict 's final lethal act , Larson 's men hope to tilt the scales , even if just slightly .
Turmoil among militants
Civilians have been killed and maimed at a growing rate this year as insurgents have sought to make inroads in populated areas where foreign troops have left , according to figures compiled by the U.N. mission in Kabul .
The lion 's share of the fighting is being done by Afghan forces , who have struggled to hold key terrain in recent weeks in southwestern Helmand province as well as a few key districts and roads . Larson 's men have seen relatively little fighting on this deployment , which leads some to believe that Taliban factions are less inclined to fight the Americans .
“ If I was an insurgent , I would wait until the Americans left and try my luck with the ANSF , ” said Capt . Michael Wallace , 29 , who is on their third Afghan deployment . “ When we 're with them , they can make us have bad days , but they 're never going to win . ”
Just how strong the Taliban remains is somewhat of a mystery . Senior American commanders say the group , like much in this country , finds itself at a crossroads . Some of its international funding sources have dried up as jihadist movements in Syria and Iraq have shown more promise to those who underwrite Sunni insurgencies , U.S. military intelligence officials say .
After the Taliban failed to make good on its threat to foil this spring 's presidential election through violence , several leaders were ousted or sidelined , most significantly Abdul Qayam Zakir , who had been the group 's military commander in Afghanistan . Divisions among hard-line factions and those interested in joining the political process in Kabul have sharpened , U.S. military officials say .
“ These rifts have tactical implications , ” said Capt . Rick McCuan , 31 , the battalion 's intelligence officer . “ A fighter on the ground knows they have been loyal to a certain individual in a position of authority , and now there is confusion about whose guidance they should be following . ”
The group is militarily weaker than it has been in several years due to the headway Afghan forces have made in securing urban areas and major transportation routes , Lt. Gen. Joseph Anderson , the war 's tactical commander , said in an interview . But they remain a potent threat in the south , as displayed by the intense fighting this summer in Helmand , where numbers of U.S. troops have been reduced most dramatically .
“ It was a big deal , because it showed that if they want to do something , they still have the capability , ” Anderson said of the Taliban assault there . “ The question becomes who has the greater capability to beat who . ”
A suspected insurgent spared
Returning to their old base , Larson said they were struck by the professionalism and discipline of the Afghan soldiers there . “ What we have seen is that the Afghan security forces are holding their ground , ” they said .
As the American team sought to make the most of its short stay in Zabul province , Larson leaned on the Afghans for actionable intelligence on senior insurgents .
“ Attention in the TOC ! ” Maj. William Canda bellowed , silencing the couple of dozen soldiers crammed into the makeshift tactical operations center they established within one of the few concrete buildings of a former American site called Forward Operating Base Sweeney .
A platoon from the battalion had just gotten into a firefight with a band of suspected Taliban fighters during their first patrol in Zabul . Canda , the battalion 's operations officer , was working the phones and hammering away on their dusty laptop looking for intelligence and options .
Surveillance drones transmitted grainy , live black-and-white video of the platoon 's position , along with footage of suspected militants nearby . Signals intelligence analysts relayed intercepted communications from the militants .
“ They just did another call-up , ” one analyst said . “ They reported that they saw infidels along the wall . ”
There was palpable excitement in the room when radio intercepts confirmed that the Taliban commander leading the fight was a fairly senior fighter on the Americans ' target list . Known only by their alias , this was a man the Americans very much wanted to kill .
“ Strike him , ” Canda said , as their team worked to ensure that an airstrike on the man complied with rules that require a finding of “ hostile intent ” and assurances that bystanders would n't be hurt . “ Smite him . ”
The suspected Taliban leader was spared because they were traveling with two other men who did n't meet the hostile-intent criteria .
A similar frantic effort began the following day when the infantrymen at Sweeney spotted a man traveling on a motorcycle carrying a rocket-propelled grenade launcher .
The soldiers spent hours monitoring their movements on the screen . They called Afghan officials in the area to rule out that they could have been a police officers . In the end , they again refrained from ordering a hit .
“ He lives to ride their motorcycle another day , ” Canda said with some resignation .
Hemmed in by mines
Without drones and increasingly infrequent American air support , the experience of the Afghan soldiers under the command of Dost , the Afghan colonel Larson 's men came to help , offers an instructive window into what happens to contested areas once the Americans leave . A couple of years ago , the Afghan officer said , Taliban fighters in the area threatened to take over their base .
“ When the Americans left , the Taliban fought us very strongly , ” Dost said , sitting cross-legged on the floor of their modest bedroom on the post .
Their men fought exceptionally hard , Dost said , and they also made peace with some former Taliban members or supporters who live close to the base , which has kept the immediate vicinity relatively safe .
Over time , the Taliban changed strategy . Instead of fighting for control of urban areas or trying to overrun the base , the group focused on maintaining access to smuggling routes used to ferry fighters , bombs and weapons from Pakistan . To keep Afghan soldiers at bay , Dost said , the Taliban has heavily mined areas around Afghan army bases and the routes their trucks must use to travel , leaving them largely constrained .
“ The big problem has become IEDs , ” they said , referring to improvised explosive devices . Lacking the sophisticated equipment the U.S. military uses to spot and defuse roadside bombs , Dost 's men must rely on eyesight and instinct to find them and bullets to blow them up “ If I 'm going from one district to another , I find 50 or 55 IEDs along the route , ” Dost added .
Of the smuggling routes Dost 's men are unable to shut down , a corridor in the Dawazagai Pass near the Pakistani border remains a major concern to U.S. military officials . Larson dispatched 100 paratroopers aboard Chinook helicopters there on a recent morning hoping to shut it down — if only for a few days .
‘ They 're waiting us out '
Walking silently in single file , the American infantrymen were near the peak of a winding mountain stretch when the first ominous sighting of the day brought the formation to a halt . An Afghan soldier thought they had spotted a white cloth fluttering from a hilltop as the first hints of daylight revealed the valley 's stunning lunar landscape . “ The ANA say they see a Taliban flag , ” one of the Americans said .
The flag sighting turned out to be a mirage . As morning gave way to a smoldering afternoon , the soldiers perched on the peak of a range overlooking two tiny villages but found few signs of enemy activity — except , possibly , for three men who sped away in motorcycles .
“ They 're waiting us out , ” Sgt . Adam Letnom , 28 , said as they looked down the valley , where a lone shepherd was tending goats . “ They know we 're leaving , and they 'll start back up . Since there 's been so much focus on the pullout , it 's probably just smarter to wait . ”
Sitting nearby , Staff Sgt . Kenneth Ventrice , 34 , who served three tours in Iraq and is on their second Afghan deployment , said they had come to terms with the prospect that the Afghan war will be lost .
“ It 's going to fall a lot faster than Iraq did , ” Ventrice said . “ Nobody fights like the Taliban . ”
A few feet away , an Afghan soldier , Staff . Sgt . Jam Shid , appeared dejected as they agreed with those conclusions . Afghan security forces will start losing ground as more American military resources vanish , they predicted , and could quickly lose control . As their comrades nodded in agreement , Shid said they feel strongly that the American withdrawal time frame is premature .
“ If we become weak , all the world will say America failed in Afghanistan , ” they said . “ If we become strong , all the world will say America succeeded in Afghanistan . One way or another , it will be a good lesson for the enemies of America and Afghanistan . ”
Sheriff 's Department used jail duty to punish deputies
Deputies accused of wrongdoing were transferred to the L.A. County jail system to keep them away from the public , records show . Some had successfully fought efforts to have them fired .
Among them was a deputy who beat a firefighter bloody and unconscious during an off-duty incident , and another who authorities said threatened to stab a bar bouncer .
For years , the department transferred problem deputies to the system 's lockups as a way of keeping them from the public . Other deputies were allowed to remain working in the jails after being convicted of crimes or found guilty of serious misconduct , according to confidential documents obtained by The Times .
But they are n't there as an inmate . They were assigned to work there as a jail deputy , part of their Sheriff 's Department-sanctioned punishment for assorted misconduct .
Enrique Munoz 's record included allegations of fraud , loan sharking and threatening to kill somebody when they were sent to Los Angeles County Jail for three years .
The backgrounds and conduct of deputies working in the jails have come under increased scrutiny in recent weeks amid revelations that some employees have beaten inmates , smuggled in contraband and falsified reports .
Although The Times found no evidence that the punished deputies took part in such misconduct , the cases offer a window into how the Sheriff 's Department has managed its jails . They also offer more ammunition to critics who have called on Sheriff Lee Baca to use more experienced , better qualified deputies in the jails .
`` This is shocking and a total aberration for the profession , '' said David Bennett , a criminal justice consultant who has been hired by jails around the country . `` What we have aspired to do is make corrections a profession in and of itself — not a dumping ground .... It 's an insult to the profession . ''
After The Times recently began inquiring about the transfers , the Sheriff 's Department drafted a policy to ban moving deputies into the jails as a form of punishment .
The department 's watchdog , Michael Gennaco , first raised the issue two years ago , criticizing `` disciplinary transfers '' in a report that said it allowed problem deputies to influence younger deputies , who start their careers in the jails . Gennaco said they believe that the department heeded their advice but did not begin to adopt a formal policy against the practice until now .
In an interview , Baca acknowledged that the department moved disciplined deputies to the jail to keep them from the public and assign them less challenging jobs than patrol . They said they ordered an end to the transfers , telling captains to take responsibility for their own problem employees .
Baca blamed the county 's Civil Service Commission in some cases for reinstating deputies the department tried to fire . Other employees were given second chances , they said , particularly for off-duty misconduct .
`` Some of these people have rather good records of on-duty behavior , '' Baca said .
It is unclear how many deputies are working in the jails after having committed serious misconduct or crimes . Disciplinary records for law enforcement officers are confidential under state law . The Times learned the details of several cases in criminal court files and confidential internal documents .
Richard A. Shinee , general counsel for the deputies ' union , said such transfers were rare but sometimes appropriate because deputies receive more intense supervision in jail than on patrol . `` A single incident ought not to define an employee 's career , '' they said . They declined to comment on individual deputies ' cases .
Brian Richards and Joshua Titel were custody deputies in June 2007 when they beat another man while off-duty , according to confidential disciplinary records .
“ Throw them in the ocean or the quarry . Make it clean . Make sure there are no traces of the bodies . ”
The words are shocking . That they allegedly came from the man who is now president of the Philippines makes them explosive . It is claimed that Rodrigo Duterte gave the orders to their first death squad in Davao , in the southern island of Mindanao , in 1989 when they were ‘ “ mayor Rudy ” .
Arturo Lascanas , a retired police officer , made the accusations of Duterte 's campaign of extrajudicial killings under oath to the country 's senate last month , and they repeat them to the Observer with an air of uneasy calm , with the resolve of a man who has carried these secrets for decades . “ We were the first hit squad during their reign , ” claims Lascanas , from the safe house in Manila where they are hiding from their own president .
Inside the house , with curtains drawn and the military men guarding the door , there is a sense the ordeal could turn ugly at any moment , that Lascanas expects to die for what they have divulged .
After more than 20 years as mayor of Davao , Duterte won the presidential election last May with promises to rid the country of drugs and crime , to kill every drug dealer and user , and to feed their corpses to the fish in Manila Bay .
On the back of their claims of having established law and order in Davao , Duterte , 72 , was seen as a strong man , a saviour and an antidote to the “ narco ” state the Philippines had apparently spiralled into .
But behind the bluster the statistics do n't lie : Davao still has the highest murder rate in the country and the second highest number of rapes , according to national police data for 2010-15 . Yet the drug threat has become so deeply entrenched in the Philippine psyche that the normalisation of the mass murder of traffickers and dealers appears to be setting in .
The death toll of the president 's drug war in the nine months since they took office at the end of June has topped more than 2,500 killings by police and 3,600 by vigilantes . Agencies including Amnesty quote a total figure of more than 7,000 dead . But many Filipinos gloss over the killings and Duterte 's poll ratings remain high .
“ The streets are much safer now , ” many in the capital will tell you . “ Here in the Philippines we need a ruler with an iron fist . ”
Some , in confidence , express a sense of hopelessness over the deaths and the way Filipinos , even their own family members , have suddenly become so bloodthirsty . But for those who do n't live in or have any connection to the poor areas – where overwhelming numbers of the killings have occurred – it is easy enough to adopt a begrudging acceptance . After a while , the dead are just a growing number .
Allegations of a Davao death squad ( DDS ) have for years been dismissed . Last September a confessed former hitman , Edgar Matobato , testified to the senate , implicating Duterte and their son in the killings of alleged drug traffickers , dealers and criminals but there has never been indisputable evidence , or a paper trail , much less any purported leaders willing to testify .
That is until Lascanas came along . The 56-year-old retired officer initially went on the record to deny the existence of the DDS but after undergoing kidney surgery ( allegedly paid for by Duterte ) in 2015 , they say they experienced a spiritual awakening . They started consulting the nuns of Davao and then decided , regardless of the consequences , to tell the story of their president 's deeds .
The Davao playbook
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte talks to reporters after a news conference at the presidential palace in Manila in March 2017 . Photograph : Erik de Castro/Reuters
“ The only way out of this evil environment is to tell the truth , ” Lascanas tells the Observer from their sparsely furnished room . “ I want to make sure there will be no more condemnation for my generations to come , for what I did – what we did – for my children and their children , and their children . ”
Last month they recanted earlier testimony , telling the Philippine senate in a six-hour televised hearing that the DDS was indeed real – formed at the behest of mayor Duterte with the express purpose of carrying out state-sanctioned murder .
The retired officer says they lied at first because they feared for their life , and the safety of their family , but later realised they could not take their “ evil side ” to the grave .
Lascanas , who claims they were a former DDS leader and personally killed “ about 200 people ” , told the senate the squad was formed under the guise of an anti-crime unit within the Davao police . The team was , they say , given the task of eliminating hardened criminals , and later political opponents and journalists critical of Duterte 's rule . The DDS , they alleged , regularly took direct orders from mayor Duterte about who to kill and how to dispose of the bodies . Lascanas claims those shocking words – “ Throw them in the ocean or in the quarry . Bury them . Make sure there are no traces of the bodies ” – were spoken by Duterte at one of dozens of alleged meetings with the DDS . The police hit squad was paid based on the “ value ” of the targets , they say .
For the most part , in their more than three decades of service , Lascanas admits , they were “ blindly loyal ” to the cause , and saw their work as a “ noble ” form of public service . “ We were risking our lives for the welfare of the majority of the people , ” they say . “ I felt that I was serving the country for the greater good . ”
Lascanas joined the Davao police when they were 21 . Eight years later , they say , they became one of the youngest members of the DDS . They are the kind of person who remembers details – when asked how long they have been a police officer they answered precisely : “ For 34 years and eight months . ”
They tell of one particular incident that has given them nightmares for years : in 1996 Lascanas and their team were ordered to kill an alleged criminal , their pregnant wife and their four-year-old son , who were all in the same vehicle at the time . “ I attempted to rescue the four-year-old boy , ” claims Lascanas , grimacing . “ But according to our team leader since the boy ... had seen our faces , they could recognise us in years from now and identify us . ”
It was on the personal order of Duterte , they claim , that they disposed of the family . “ Mayor Rudy approved the recommendation of our task force commander , in front of us . To erase – meaning to kill – everyone , ” they say with uneasy calm . “ That was their specific order . That he 's OK [ with it ] provided it would be clean . ”
As the most junior of the group , Lascanas did not pull the trigger that time . Instead , they say , they helped to drag the corpses and throw them into a common grave at the Maa gravel quarry . Later , as the years went by , they would also come to kill the suspects . You had to , they say , to be accepted into the DDS fraternity . “ That was one of the qualifications to be in the death squad , ” they say . “ We were proving our worth. ” It was that same blind allegiance that led them to make the “ grim and painful ” decision to have their own two brothers killed after they were accused of trafficking drugs .
Even as the international community looks on in horror at the thousands of killings , Duterte remains immensely popular at home – at least according to the polls . With their litany of brazen comments , insults of global leaders and even rape jokes , the Philippine leader has fashioned themselves into an uncouth straight-talker railing against the political establishment .
Analysts say the Lascanas revelations are unlikely to dent the president 's popularity . “ Duterte wo n't be challenged politically because of the war against drugs or the extrajudicial killings , ” says Antonio La Viña , political analyst and professor of constitutional law at the University of the Philippines . “ He will be challenged if there are economic consequences to the killings , or other things that they are doing that could see them perceived as irrational and unpredictable . ”
While the scale is new , extrajudicial killings in the Philippines are not , and the DDS has long been seen as an open , unproven secret . So when Filipinos voted for Duterte , they did so in spite of their purported ties to orchestrated murder , something even they have apparently admitted . “ Am I the death squad ? True . That is true , ” Duterte told local television in May 2015 , a year before they were elected head of state .
Since the vote , Duterte staffers have instructed journalists not to take the president 's statements too literally , including when Duterte admitted to having a penchant for carrying out killings himself . Last December , Duterte told a group of business people : “ In Davao I used to do it personally . Just to show to the guys [ police ] that if I can do it why ca n't you . And I 'd go around in Davao with a motorcycle , with a big bike , and I would just patrol the streets looking for trouble also . I was really looking for a confrontation so that I could kill . ”
Duterte 's statements have been so outlandish at times that journalists in the Philippines are not quite sure how to take him . Do they mean it , for example , when they talk about introducing martial law ? “ I think they are serious , ” says La Viña . “ I do n't think they have a plan , but he 's impulsive . They will act on instinct . ”
Alongside Duterte 's war on drugs there is also a battle for the truth about what is really going on . When , following the release of its damning report last month , Human Rights Watch said Duterte may be guilty of crimes against humanity for inciting a wave of extrajudicial killings , the president 's response was that “ criminals do n't have any humanity ” , so killing them is not a crime .
But the Duterte government has vehemently and repeatedly denied claims of police death squads , both in Davao and in the current war on drugs . The national police chief , Ronald Dela Rosa , has previously described the DDS as “ a creation of the media ” , while in recent weeks they have lambasted the press for “ sensationalising ” the number of extrajudicial killings .
Is impeachment
a possibility ?
As far as opposition senator Antonio Trillanes is concerned , Duterte 's death squad problem is not going away – in fact , they are doing their best to make sure it does n't . With their ties to the military , Trillanes is coordinating the protection of Lascanas , and says they are facilitating at least four other supposed DDS members to come forward in the coming months .
Trillanes , a former navy lieutenant , was jailed for seven-and-a-half years for leading the 2003 Oakwood mutiny , when they and some 300 junior officers and enlisted men took over the Oakwood towers in Makati ( Manila 's business district ) as protest for alleged rampant corruption in the government of then president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo . They subsequently won a senate seat in 2007 while incarcerated . They say they are on a mission to have Duterte impeached . It was an ally of Trillanes who filed an impeachment complaint in the Philippine House of Representatives last month . The House , now in recess , will reconvene on 2 May .
That is , they believe , enough time for the “ game-changing ” details of the DDS to trickle down and sway public opinion . “ There is a consensus that they [ the revelations ] are quite different . To kill criminals is one thing , but knowing that Duterte killed , or ordered to be killed a four-year-old child and a pregnant woman , is an entirely different matter . That changes the narrative . ”
Yet the chances of Duterte being impeached in the coming months , while not impossible , are unlikely . It would require at least 100 votes in the house and two-thirds in the senate .
‘ We were risking our lives for the welfare of the majority of the people ' Arturo Lascanas , ex-police officer
Trillanes – who is now the loudest voice of opposition after the recent detention of another senator , Leila de Lima , on controversial charges over their alleged involvement in illegal drugs – is perceived as a lone wolf , even though they are one of six opposition senators . But they argue that the internal dynamics of the 24-seat senate belie perceptions , pointing to the case of former president Joseph Estrada , also deeply popular and ultimately impeached over allegations of corruption in 2001 .
Analysts such as La Viña describe Duterte 's current political support as overwhelming , but also superficial . “ There is no loyalty there , ” they say . “ It 's all in their interests to support them [ Duterte ] . The moment it is no longer in their interests , 90 % would abandon him . That includes both the senate and the house . ”
In an indication of how the mood has shifted since Duterte 's inauguration , a December poll by the local Social Weather Stations institute showed that while the drug war remains very popular , 78 % of those surveyed admitted they were scared they , or someone they know , could be killed in a drug-related crackdown .
Back in their safe house , Lascanas says they are under no illusions about what is going on . “ What happened here in Manila is the same as in Davao , the same , ” they say . “ The manner of killing – riding in tandem [ motorbike killings ] , packing tape , leaving some cardboard , stabbings . And then the manner of the police investigation , how they conduct it , they just term it ‘ death under investigation ' . ”
In the early months of President Duterte 's war on drugs , hundreds of bodies were found in the streets with their heads wrapped in masking tape , next to cardboard signs labelling them drug pushers , users or rapists – exactly as happened in Davao under mayor Duterte .
“ Sometimes we kidnapped our subject and put the packing tape on their head until they suffocated , and then we would throw them in the street , ” recalled Lascanas . “ Sometimes we would leave the cardboard . It would say in Tagalog , huwag tularan , which means , ‘ do n't be like him ' . ”
There was a short pause in the drug war in January – following the killing of a South Korean business person at the national police headquarters by officers who later extorted ransom money from their family under the pretence that they were alive – but it restarted in last month under “ Operation Double Barrel Reloaded ” .
The killings are continuing , albeit at a much slower pace – 69 people were killed in police operations in March , compared with high hundreds in the early months of the crackdown .
Lascanas knows they are the most wanted man in the country now for what they have claimed . They spend their days reading the New Testament , and praying for salvation and that their family wo n't be harmed .
“ I know them [ Duterte ] and I know the capacity of my companions inside our group , and I hope they will not hurt my family . Me , I am very much ready , I have done what I wanted ... I am free now , ” they say .
As their minders try to wind up the interview , Lascanas is not quite finished , there is something else they need to say : “ I do n't think the president is free because of what they have done . They try to deny it to themselves – that they are not mortal , like me , or like the victims of extrajudicial killings . They assume they have the divine dominion of God , but they forgot that they are mortal too . He 's not free . ”
NBC Bay Area File image .
Police on Wednesday arrested three more suspects in connection to attacks during last week 's Donald Trump rally in San Jose .
The suspects are minors , police said . Two of the suspects face felony assault with a deadly weapon charges , while the other faces a misdemeanor battery charge , police said .
Police on Wednesday also released two surveillance images of another suspect and is asking for the public 's help in identifying and locating that person . The suspect is also wanted for an alleged assault during the Trump rally .
Anyone with information is asked to contact the department 's assault 's unit at 408-277-4161 .
On Tuesday , police identified four suspects , all teenagers , that were arrested during the violent rally last Thursday .
Ahmed Abdirahman , 19 , Robert Trillo , 18 , and Antonio Fernandez , 19 , were arrested for assault with a deadly weapon . Michael Kitaigorodsky , 19 , was arrested after refusing to disperse , police said .
All four teenagers reside in Santa Clara County , police said .
During Thursday 's rally , a police officer also was assaulted , a woman was egged , and others in attendance left with cuts and bruises .
The HTC One A9 compared to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus , via The Verge
HTC today announced its latest flagship Android smartphone , the HTC One A9 . Priced at just $ 399 , the One A9 looks remarkably like an iPhone 6/6s , taking many design cues from Apple 's most recent devices.The A9 has a 5-inch screen with a curved-edge display , so it fits right in between the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus , and it includes the same antenna bands and a protruding rear camera , both design choices that have n't exactly been universally popular on the iPhone . The aluminum body comes in colors that are similar to the iPhone color lineup , available in Opal Silver and Carbon Gray.A Topaz Gold shade is available internationally , and a Deep Garnet color will be available later in the year . When it comes to thickness , the A9 One measures in at 7.26mm , putting it on par with the 7.1mm iPhone 6s and 7.3mm iPhone 6s Plus.The design similarities between the iPhone 6 and the HTC A9 are only external . The A9 runs the latest version of Android , Marshmallow , and it 's equipped with a four-core 1.5GHz Snapdragon 617 processor , up to 3GB RAM , and a 13-megapixel rear camera . There 's also a 4-megapixel front-facing camera and it ships with up to 32GB of storage that can be expanded to 2TB with a microSD card.Like many smartphones available these days , the One A9 has a fingerprint scanner to unlock the phone without a passcode , and it has built-in DAC to convert 16-bit audio to 24-bit high-resolution audio.HTC is accepting pre-orders for the One A9 on its website . The phone is priced at $ 399 and is available unlocked .
When Raiders tight end Lee Smith suffered their season ending leg injury in week 4 of last season , the talk surrounding their loss was focused solely on their run blocking . The team did lose a great in line blocker but they also lost something much more important , scheme versatility .
There is no doubt that Smith is a good in line run blocker but they add much more to the Raiders offense than just plays like this .
They do a great job of walling of the Rams potential back side pursuit while adding some Raider toughness with the rip that puts their guy on the ground . The truth is that the Raiders coaching staff can find plenty of players who can do this as well as Smith does , it 's their versatility that makes them so valuable .
The Raiders utilized “ 12 ” personnel often in their first three drives with Carr in the game . Lee 's ability to serve as both an in line blocker and receiving threat will allow Raiders offensive coordinator Todd Downing to attack the defense in “ base ” packages .
The Raiders first touchdown is a perfect example of this mismatch .
The Raiders ran a 4-vertical concept against the Rams base 3-4 defense . Getting a linebacker matched up against a tight end running a seam route is an offensive coordinators dream . Downing really showed their ability to create match-ups that benefit their players on this play .
“ Quit calling them a blocking tight end. ” Raiders quarterback Derek Carr said in their post game press conference . “ As you see , people just drop them sometimes . That 's one thing we have to take advantage of . We ca n't just be limited by a certain personnel group . Lee is one of the guys who have the one of the best sets of hands on the team . Being able to run them up the seam and do things like that , people wo n't be able to dictate when they come in the game what they want to play . ”
Downing will need to continue to this trend if the Raiders are to win their first division title since the 2003 season . The teams struggle beating the Kansas City Chiefs vaunted man coverage should be over . There is nothing that beats man coverage like tight ends and slot receivers attacking the middle of the defense . Plays like this are how Lee can be a big part of overcoming the Chiefs scheme .
In the four games they played in last season , Lee had 6 receptions for 29 yards without a touchdown . Playing in under a half of this game Lee had 2 receptions for 25 yards and a touchdown . Those stats will be even better with the Raiders newly signed tight end Jared Cook getting most of the defenses attention on the interior and potentially overlooking Lee .
Cook will be a main part of that “ 12 ” personnel group and will open up coverages for Lee to take advantage of .
The vertical/dig combination the Raiders run here with Cook and fellow tight end Clive Walford is effective in pulling coverage deep and opening up the middle of the field . This is the area of the defense that Lee will be needed to attack .
With some additional talent around them and the ability of the coaching staff to get them involved , Smith looks poised for a really good year . The Raiders utilized their “ 12 ” personnel with great results and that should carry over into the season . Do n't think that the expanded receiving role is going to take away from the thing they do best though , Lee will always be a road grader .
FBI director James Comey 's eleventh hour announcement that once again they do not recommend Hillary Clinton be charged over the illicit use of their homebrew email server as Secretary of States does n't change the fact that the Clinton Foundation is still under investigation for bribery , the RNC said Sunday .
“ The FBI 's findings from its criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton 's secret email server were a damning and unprecedented indictment of their judgment , ” RNC chairperson Reince Priebus said in a statement . “ The FBI found evidence Clinton broke the law , that they placed highly classified national security information at risk and repeatedly lied to the American people about their reckless conduct . ”
“ None of these changes the fact that the FBI continues to investigate the Clinton Foundation for corruption involving their tenure as secretary of state . Hillary Clinton should never be president , ” Priebus added .
Comey said Sunday in a letter to Congress the FBI “ reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton ” in the newly-discovered 650,000 emails found on disgraced former member of congress Anthony Weiner 's laptop . The FBI has “ not changed its conclusions ” that Clinton should n't face any charges for their behavior .
Meanwhile , the FBI investigation into Clinton Foundation for bribery spans across the nation in multiple field offices .
Ukrainian authorities have faced intense criticism for a stumbling anti-corruption drive that has failed to catch or convict any of the major allies of ousted President Viktor Yanukovych , much less bring them to court , despite staggering evidence of murder and multibillion-dollar theft .
In a Wall Street Journal op-ed published on June 10 , Poroshenko wrote : “ Over the past year , 2,702 former officials have been convicted of corruption . ”
The administration 's department for providing access to public information said on June 22 in an e-mail that the Kyiv Post request for a list of the officials , which had been sent on June 17 , did not comply with the law on access to public information .
“ According to clause 1 of article 19 of the above-mentioned law , a request for information is a person 's request asking an agency that has information to give public information that it possesses , ” the department said , seemingly implying that it did not have any information on the 2,702 former officials .
The request has been forwarded to the administration 's chief information policy department , the department for providing access to public information said .
Daria Kalenyuk , head of the Anti-Corruption Action Center in Kyiv , said on June 11 that they do n't know who the president is talking about . “ I think this is a mistake , ” Kalenyuk said . They said it appeared that Poroshenko was stealing a page from their predecessor , former President Viktor Yanukovych , whose administration would add up figures of minor officials caught for smaller-scale theft to make it appear that the corrupt ex-leader was , indeed , battling corruption .
Author and veteran Ukrainian political analyst Taras Kuzio also unsuccessfully asked twice for the list from the Presidential Administration .
Kuzio said that , in response to the second request , a press official said the list would be reviewed to see which names could be released publicly . If true , that would be even more alarming . Secret trials and convictions are Joseph Stalin-era practices that would have no place in a 21st century democracy that Ukraine aspires to be .
The Kyiv Post will keep the public updated on whether the Presidential Administration provides any information to support the assertion that 2,702 former officials were convicted of corruption in the last year .
Kyiv Post staff writer Oleg Sukhov can be reached at reaganx84 @ gmail.com
A Cornucopia of Classics
David vs Goliath ! Ali vs Frazier ! Sega vs Nintendo ! ! Once upon a time , school yard battles were fought with venomous insults being tossed around like red rubbery dodgeballs . Teachers would look on in fear and confusion with their cigarettes hanging from their mouths while children babbled on about bits and Blast Processing . I 'm not sure if the same can be said for today 's playgrounds , considering most kids these days have the luxury of internet access and can easily read up about a console 's specs ; using those facts to prove their argument . But back in the day we could only go on what Sega or Nintendo fed us through advertising . We were spitting out words and phrases that confused even ourselves , but in the end we always knew whichever console we owned was the best . Eventually the verbal assaults would turn into threats of violence , and at that time the teachers would begrudgingly toss their cigarettes down on the four-square court that had n't been used since the 60 's , and come to break up the altercation .
Here we are decades later , and I 'm playing some of my favorite Sega games on a Nintendo console that fits in the palm of my hand . I 'm freaking playing Altered Beast on a Nintendo handheld in 3D ! Sega vs Nintendo has transformed into Sega & Nintendo . It 's moments like these that I quote one of my favorite films of all time , American Movie .
“ Life is kinda cool sometimes . ”
Japanese developer M2 has taken the code for 9 classic Sega games and rebuilt them to take advantage of a slew of new features , one being stereoscopic 3D . In my time with SEGA 3D Classics Collection , I 've had my 3D slider set to the max , and I believe most gamers that pick this up will feel comfortable enough to do the same . M2 has found a nice balance in determining what should be in the foreground and background , and it 's apparent that a lot of planning went into the game 's 3D functionality .
The games that are included in this compilation are as follows :
Power Drift ( Arcade 1988 ) : A racing game from the great Yu Suzuki . 12 distinct drivers compete to finish 1st in 25 wild race tracks that have a roller coaster feel to them . You will fight to the finish in your monster machine while listening to catchy tunes composed by the legendary Hiroshi Kawaguchi .
Puyo Puyo 2 ( Arcade 1994 ) : The 2nd installment in the Puyo Puyo series . Items called Puyo fall from the top of the screen in pairs and it 's up to you to arrange them in order of color . Match 3 of the same color and you will clear those Puyo and also any other matching color that they come in contact with . Compete against a cast of characters to match Puyo and avoid having your screen fill up .
Sonic the Hedgehog ( Sega Genesis 1991 ) : The one , the only , the classic ! Sonic the Hedgehog just as you remember it , but this time in glorious 3D !
Galaxy Force II ( Arcade 1988 ) : Take control of the TRY-Z fighter ship and blast away enemies while zipping through 6 obstacles filled planets . The TRY-Z 's power is continually counting down so it 's up to you to race through levels as fast as possible before the power runs out , causing your ship to explode !
Thunder Blade ( Arcade 1987 ) : You are the pilot of a state of the art helicopter in this third-person rail shooter . It 's up to you to utilize the helicopter 's guns and missiles to blast away the enemy and protect your home country .
Fantasy Zone II : The Tears of Opa Opa ( Master System 1987/Arcade 1988 ) : Fly around in the spaceship Opa-opa in this cute em ' up that closely resembles Defender . Freely travel left or right and unleash bullets and bombs at the enemy while dodging their fire . Both the Master System and arcade classic are included .
Altered Beast ( Sega Genesis 1989 ) : Rise from your grave in this classic beat ‘ em up that was the original pack in for the Sega Genesis . Zeus has resurrected you from the dead to save their daughter Athena from the evil Neff . Collect spirit balls throughout levels to transform into powerful beasts with numerous enhanced abilities .
Maze Walker/Maze Hunter 3D ( Master System 1987 ) : Beat the hell out of monsters with a stick while trying to navigate a 3D maze ! Sounds easy , but I assure you , this game packs a challenge ! Maze Walker made use of the Master System 's 3D glasses but thanks to the Nintendo 3DS , you can play glasses free !
With such a robust lineup included in this compilation , I 'm setting aside several hours to dig deep into these classics . Look for my review coming up toward the end of the month , and in the meantime , call your old classmates and explain to them what “ Blast Processing ” really means .
Another spoiler-filled post on “ Breaking Bad ” below :
All last week , in the aftermath of the shattering episode that killed off the true hero of the story , several of my favorite television critics – including Emily Nussbaum at the New Yorker and Matt Zoller Seitz at New York – engaged in an extended discussion of the phenomenon of “ Breaking Bad ” fans who ca n't stop defending Walter White . These are viewers whose identification with their anti-hero runs too deep to see their crimes clearly : Having bonded with Walt and sympathized with them for so long , they ca n't let go of the idea that all the murders , all the betrayals , all the spreading-like-cancer suffering is somehow justified by their desire to do right by their family .
In the war between the critics and “ Team Walt , ” I side emphatically with the critics . But I also think it 's interesting to note the parallels between the excuses that many of the show 's so-called “ bad fans ” make for its anti-hero and the incredibly protective attitude that almost everybody who writes about “ Breaking Bad ” professionally takes toward the other meth-cooking , drug-dealing , innocent-killing , unintended-consequences-creating protagonist in Vince Gilligan 's New Mexico noir .
I speak , of course , of Jesse Pinkman , Walt 's student-turned-partner , who is regularly depicted as the great martyr of the show – the “ poor man ” who has “ suffered so much , ” in Seitz 's words today , the much-abused “ rescue dog ” who keeps following the wrong master , as Grantland 's Andy Greenwald put it recently . Here 's Jessica Winter , writing for Slate , giving us this widespread Jesse sympathy uncut :
This show has never passed up an opportunity to kick Jesse Pinkman when he 's down . It 's forever endeavoring to find new , more vigorous techniques for kicking them when he 's down … What horrible thing has n't happened to Jesse , perhaps repeatedly , over the last five season ? Psycho Tuco beat them bad enough to put them in the hospital . Psycho Hank beat them bad enough to put them in the hospital again . They awoke one morning to find their beloved Jane dead beside him . They feel responsible for the deaths of Jane and Combo and Tomas . They are responsible for the death of Gale , although Walter was the one really pulling the strings . He 's been rejected by their biological family , and lost their adopted one … However difficult this may be to watch , Jesse 's ongoing abasement served a narrative purpose . Jesse evolved from bratty burnout to , for a time , the show 's most complex and interesting character – a “ bad ” kid who increasingly , desperately wanted to be good , without knowing that in the pitiless Breaking Bad universe , no good deed goes unpunished . ( Admittedly , most bad deeds do n't go unpunished on Breaking Bad , either . It 's a punitive show . ) You could judge the progress of Walter 's moral corrosion at any given moment by measuring how hollowed out Jesse was , how pulped and zombiefied . Jesse suffered for Walter 's sins , so the viewer could only hope that Walter 's sins would finally catch up with him . But as of last week 's episode , the third-to-last in the entire series , I 'm hoping that The Passion of the Jesse has completed its stations of the cross , and that no Christlike martyrdom is in store for a character who tried so hard to redeem himself .
Now I too , feel for Jesse , and I think the idea of them both as Walter 's most intimate victim and as a kind of sin eater whose very body pays the price for their partner 's crimes is true to the spirit of the show . But the idea of Jesse as somehow merely “ bad ” in quotation marks , and far more sinned against than sinning , feels more like an emotional reaction to Aaron Paul 's bravura performance than a logical response to how the character actually behaves . A victim they are in many ways , but there 's a big difference between being a victim and being an innocent . And an awful lot of the critical analysis around Jesse 's character ignores the extent to which , Walt 's malign influence notwithstanding , most the sins they suffer for are essentially their own .
Take , for instance , the case of Jane , their beloved girlfriend , whose choking death from overdose-induced vomit marks one of the crucial moment in Walt 's descent into true barely-mitigated evil , because they stood by and watched it happen . But Team Jesse , I ask you : Why did the overdose itself take place at all ? Did Jesse really just randomly “ wake up ” to find them dead ? Well , no : It was their own choices , their own influence , their own example , which helped tipped Jane from recovery back into serious drug use . Had Walt never broken into their house and had the ( foregone ) opportunity to save her , they would have died in exactly the same horrible way [ Update : No , this is wrong , my apologies : As alert readers pointed out , it 's Walt 's shaking of Jesse that tips them on to them back . Revise your moral calculus accordingly . ] and the same terrible consequences — a plane crash caused by their grieving air traffic controller father — would , might have followed . So set aside Walt 's acknowledged culpability : Does Jesse bear a great deal of responsibility for their death , and for the subsequent larger tragedy that unfolds ? Yes : Yes , they do .
This is true of a lot of the horrible things that “ happen ” to them over the course of the show 's seasons . Jesse loses contact with their biological family not because their parents just abandon him , but because ( we 're pretty clearly given to understand ) they 've been lied to and exploited by them for so long that they 've reached the point where they know that their love is just enabling him . What 's more , there 's no hint of a childhood trauma here , no sign of parental neglect , no initial shock that catalyzed Jesse 's own break bad the way cancer catalyzed Walt 's . “ Breaking Bad ” is n't a show like “ The Sopranos ” where everyone 's born and bred into the mob . Instead , Jesse 's upbringing mostly marks them as a yuppie kid who fell in love with the thug life rather than someone who never knew another way .
Likewise , Jesse “ feels responsible ” for the death of their friend Combo because , as with Jane , they are responsible , having ordered Combo to take the obvious risks involved in selling drugs for them on other dealers ' turf . Or again , they kill Gale because of Walt 's string-pulling , yes — but that string-pulling was necessitated by the fact that Walt had intervened to save Jesse ‘ s life after a series of reckless decisions brought them into conflict with their boss . They do consistently suffer violence and see their loved ones endangered and killed … but they also spend most of the show 's running time trying to run a multi-million dollar meth business , with all the personal risks and human costs that inevitably entails .
Now obviously some of their responsibility for these choices and their costs is mitigated by their status as an addict himself . But at the start of Season 3 , after Jane dies and the plane goes down , Jesse gets clean . At exactly this point , interestingly , the threat of divorce inspires Walt to make one of their last semi-credible attempts to get out the drug business . And what is the clean-and-sober Jesse doing while Walt at least tries to go straight ? Well , he 's embracing their own “ bad guy ” status and trying to use Walt 's recipe to set themselves up as a mini-drug kingpin , a choice that helps pull Walt back into the game , sets in motion the chain of events that leads to Gail 's murder … and even temporarily involves Jesse in a dictionary-definition-of-depraved scheme to deal crystal meth to their fellow A.A. attendees .
Or again , shift forward to Season 4 , when Walt 's willingness to poison Brock , a little boy who 's close to Jesse , effectively completes their transformation into Heisenberg . Nothing Jesse does in this season is nearly so obviously horrible as the Brock gambit , and Walt 's moral descent is clear enough even before the poisoning that the audience ends up at least half-rooting for Jesse to break free of their mentor entirely . But in the context of the season 's arc , “ breaking free ” does n't mean getting out of the drug trade : Instead , it means staying clean and coming into their own as a meth cook and protege of Walt 's criminal bosses , a development that promises to enable them to stabilize and expand a business model that relies on , well , poisoning their customers .
And as for the idea that Jesse “ tried so hard to redeem himself ” in the last two seasons — well , yes , they reached a moral limit and wanted out well before Walt did , to their credit , and the weight of guilt became the defining feature of their character across both halves of the final season . But that weight notwithstanding , their quest for redemption was always somewhat half-hearted and solipsistic : Even when they finally decided to do the actual right thing and turn state 's evidence it was out of a thirst for revenge for Brock 's poisoning , rather than a thirst for justice for all of the many , many victims of Walt 's career who did n't happen to have Jesse as friend .
Now I 'm overstating this case somewhat for rhetorical effect . I , too , sympathize with Jesse , appreciate their pricks of conscience , feel stricken when they suffer , root for their redemption , and feel very differently about them generally than I do about their mentor and partner in crime . When it comes to making the case for understanding , mercy , pardon , Team Jesse clearly has a stronger case than Team Walt : At bottom , the younger man 's sins and crimes are the sins and crimes of a weak personality rather than a strong one , and the strong always deserve more condemnation than the weak who end up in their thrall .
But there is also a streak of inappropriate sentimentality in all the Pinkman love , which gives them outsize credit for what they feel while minimizing what they do , and ignores all the ways that the show deliberately entangles their moral arc with Walt 's , so that neither is the only instigator , and they end up tugging each other downward toward a reckoning that both of them deserve . Jesse differs from Walt in morally significant ways , but they also hold up a mirror to the anti-hero in a way that no other major character does .
Or to put it another way : Walt may occupy a lower circle , and Jesse may have come to grips with their damnation sooner , but both men are lost souls , and for both of them long is the way , and hard , that out of hell leads up to light .
After a slow start in Germany for the past 3 years , Tesla is starting to make progress in this difficult market dominated by local manufacturers . Last year , Model S sales increased by 94 % according to registration data , and although it still lags behind comparatively smaller countries like the Netherlands and Switzerland , things are looking up for Tesla in Germany .
The country joined the International Zero-Emission Vehicle Alliance ( ZEV Alliance ) last year and it is reportedly about to introduce new EV incentives starting this summer . Those initiatives should increase EV awareness and sales in the country – though Tesla is already doing better in the region .
Last month ( March 2016 ) Tesla had its best month for Model S deliveries in Germany with 267 units delivered – more than its last record of 234 units in December 2015 .
Model S deliveries were up 35 % in Q1 2016 versus the same period last year :
Tesla delivered a total of 394 Model S 's in Germany during Q1 2016 – up from 294 units in Q1 2015 .
The company underwent a change in management in the country after 6 of its managers followed its former head of Germany at Sonnen late last year . Tesla appointed its head in Switzerland , Jochen Rudat , to lead sales in Germany and stated that it quickly replaced the other managers in the country .
Chicago has always been a food town . Now , it 's becoming a food hall town .
Food halls — the modern , upscale , urban reincarnation of the humble mall food court — have opened in the Loop and nearby neighborhoods in recent years , and experts say their growth in the Windy City has just begun .
Why are food halls all the rage ? They 're a representation of where the restaurant industry as a whole is going : Boutique . Local . Instagram-able . They fulfill consumer demand for quick and diverse food options , with a curated set of both popular restaurant outposts and newcomers .
While the traditional mall food court has a group of fast-food options aimed at helping shoppers recharge , a food hall is made to be the whole show , a destination in and of itself with a cohesive , sleek design intended to elevate the experience beyond a grab-and-go lunch from a national restaurant chain .
`` They are a destination . They bring excitement , '' said Doug Roth , founder of Playground Hospitality , a restaurant consulting firm . `` Panda Express just ca n't do that . ''
Already widespread in New York and Los Angeles , there are about 35 to 40 food halls in the U.S. , industry consultant Aaron Allen said , and just a handful of those are in Chicago . They estimate there could be as many as 200 across the country in just three years .
For restaurants , food halls are an opportunity to open a location with far less legwork . There 's no long search for an ideal street location , and the startup costs — a hurdle that often prevents fledgling restaurateurs from expanding — are far less . Profit is also far easier to come by because of the built-in foot traffic . Per square foot , a food hall stall can produce 10 times the sales of a traditional restaurant , said Allen , of Aaron Allen & Associates .
For real estate developers , food halls are proving to be a lucrative way to fill ground-floor commercial space . They also can be a big draw for prospective tenants in high-rises above and surrounding the hall .
Phil Velasquez/Chicago Tribune The Revival Food Hall , seen June 15 , 2017 , bustles with Loop diners . The food hall , which debuted in August , is open 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. weekdays and features independent stalls selling a variety of food , from gelato to tacos . The Revival Food Hall , seen June 15 , 2017 , bustles with Loop diners . The food hall , which debuted in August , is open 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. weekdays and features independent stalls selling a variety of food , from gelato to tacos . ( Phil Velasquez/Chicago Tribune )
Food halls are not a new concept , but rather an old one inspired by European markets that 's been reinvented for the `` fast and finicky '' public , Allen said . `` We 've recycled a bit of our history , but adjusted it for the time it 's coming back , '' they said .
In Chicago , the players include big , single-company options like Eataly in the Near North neighborhood and Latinicity in the Loop . They were the first major downtown food hall openings since Lettuce Entertain Youare Foodlife , a pioneer of the food hall concept in Chicago , came to Water Tower Place in 1993 . Eataly and Latinicity offer a range of dining options under the umbrella of Italian or Central American food .
Another food hall model involves collectives like the French Market and Revival Food Hall , which feature multiple independent restaurants under one roof .
`` Food halls allow you to see a lot of options that you would n't find unless you stumbled upon them , '' Allen said .
That 's exactly the point .
Owners of the Fat Shallot , which sells sandwiches , said the chance to open in Revival Food Hall was an opportunity to get a bricks-and-mortar space after operating a food truck for years . For a company like Black Dog Gelato , Revival was a chance to even out the summer-heavy business . And Smoque BBQ took space in the food hall as a way to hook Loop workers on ribs and brisket that previously only had been served in the Irving Park neighborhood .
HotChocolate Bakery owner Mindy Segal opened in Revival after deciding not to open their highly anticipated bakery in Logan Square .
`` I always wanted to do a bakery , but it got too expensive and out of control . So when this opportunity came up , I jumped at it , '' they said . The bakery sells a wide range of treats from breakfast pastries to cookies .
`` For me , it 's been a positive experience . It has n't been easy , but it has been positive , '' they said . `` I like being in a food hall — I like the camaraderie . I like being in the Loop . ''
Phil Velasquez/Chicago Tribune Customers dine June 15 , 2017 , at Revival Food Hall in Chicago 's Loop . The food hall says it gets 5,000 to 7,000 visitors a day . A number of additional food halls are in the works in Chicago . Customers dine June 15 , 2017 , at Revival Food Hall in Chicago 's Loop . The food hall says it gets 5,000 to 7,000 visitors a day . A number of additional food halls are in the works in Chicago . ( Phil Velasquez/Chicago Tribune ) ( Phil Velasquez/Chicago Tribune )
Smoque BBQ Co-owner Barry Sorkin said they had a great deal of `` trepidation '' about opening in a food hall , but changed their mind when the Revival operator 16 '' on Center said it would let the barbeque restaurant smoke meats on-site .
`` We almost did n't take the meeting with them , '' Sorkin said . `` We had talked with similar spaces and none of them made any sense to us . When these guys called , we thought it would be more of the same . We could n't have been more wrong . ''
Sorkin said there have been big benefits to being in the food hall , like having a management company to carry some of the burdens that go along with owning a restaurant .
`` It 's like the difference between owning a home and owning a condo , '' they said . `` In a condo , you do n't have to worry about fixing the roof . At Revival , we show up and prep and serve , and most everything else is taken care of . ''
A food hall stall generally requires less preparation ahead of opening compared with a traditional restaurant , with everything from napkins to garbage removaloften headed up by the hall 's management company .
`` Restaurants are generally more passionate about the food than they are about the business side . We 've taken a lot off their plate , '' said Mike Marsal , founding partner of Alvarez & Marsal Property Investments , which is developing the Wells St. Market food hall , set to open this fall at Wells and Wacker Drive in the Loop . `` We 've created an environment where they can show up and start cooking . ''
Chefs have been cooking at Revival since it opened in August , attracting office workers in search of Southern food , tacos , fish and ramen . General manager Marisa Kruse said the food hall has started seeing a longer lunch rush in recent months as people come in early to beat the lines or later to purchase food to take back to work . Revival , which is open 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. weekdays , also is trying to extend serving times with a bigger focus on breakfast and occasional weekend events .
Revival would n't give sales figures but said it sees between 5,000 and 7,000 visitors per day . It also declined to give details on the business relationship between the restaurants and the hall operator , but said the company has licensing agreements in place with each vendor .
The price of lunch at Revival can vary but generally runs around $ 10 . A bowl at Aloha Poke runs between $ 7.50 and $ 14.50 depending on size . A Tofu `` Patty '' Melt from Graze Kitchenette is $ 9 . Diners can grab a Truffle BLT from The Fat Shallot for $ 10 or a hot chicken sandwich at The Budlong for $ 11 .
January 14 , 2016
Apple patent points to superior speaker technology on the iPhone 7- The patent which Apple applied for back in 2013 , now Apple recently got that patent . The new speaker design is the patent that makes use of an audio chamber inside the device , which is beneficial to pump out louder and clearer audio .
The patent goes on to describe how difficult it has become in recent times to deliver better audio quality . This is a problem that applies more to Apple than anyone else since the company 's iPhone and iPads keep growing thinner every year .
Apple patent points to superior speaker technology on the iPhone 7
“ Given the area constraints imposed on many portable electronic devices , it is increasingly difficult to provide high-quality audio sound output and pickup without hindering the ability to make portable electronic devices smaller and thinner . Consequently , there is a need for improved approaches to providing high-quality audio sound output and/or pick up from portable electronic devices as they get smaller and thinner . ”
Reading further reveals that Apple has its own formula to tackle the problem in the form of air chambers that extend into the chassis of the device . This according to Apple , helps deliver louder and clearer audio because the drivers can now push out more air instead of minute volume available at the edge of the device ( where they are usually mounted ) , inside the speaker module .
You might be interested in– > > Apple iOS 9.3 to bring new 3D Touch
“ The invention pertains to a portable electronic device that provides compact configurations for audio elements . The audio elements can be drivers ( e.g. , speakers ) or receivers ( e.g. , microphones ) . In one embodiment , an audio element can be mounted on or coupled to an intermediate structure ( e.g. , a flexible electrical substrate ) having an opening therein to allow audio sound to pass there though . In another embodiment , an audio chamber can be formed to assist in directing audio sound between an opening an outer housing and a flexible electronic substrate to which the audio element is mounted or coupled thereto . ”
While we would like to believe that we could see the same tech appear on the iPhone 7 , it may already be out there . Yes , if you have a look at the image below , the new iPad Pro 's design clearly shows off a design similar to the idea in the patent .
However , we could expect a similar layout with the bigger iPhone 7 Plus models ( due to the bigger body ) and may be two speaker grilles that actually deliver full-fledged stereo audio . ( Also Read : iPhone 7C Info Leaked By China Mobile )
Also , there is plenty of “ noise ” regarding Apple omitting the 3.5mm audio jack on the upcoming iPhone 7 thanks to its slimmer design . In fact , getting rid of the large ( for Apple ) 3.5mm jack could lead to a bigger cavity for a secondary speaker on the left bottom side . This and the above patent could hint that Apple 's highlight at the September keynote would indeed be audio technology .
Also read : 5 insane things to do with your old iPhone
Source
Events and Street Closures
San Francisco
Where : Justin Herman Plaza , across from the Ferry Building , at the foot of Market Street .
When : Jan. 30-Feb. 7
Jan. 31 - Feb. 4 : 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. 1/31 , 2/1 , 2/2 , 2/3 , 2/4
11 a.m. to 9 p.m. 1/31 , 2/1 , 2/2 , 2/3 , 2/4 Jan. 30 and Feb. 5 - 6 : 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. 1/30 , 2/5 and 2/6
11 a.m. to 10 p.m. 1/30 , 2/5 and 2/6 Feb. 7 : 11 a.m. to 3 p.m .
Streets Affected : Super Bowl City will lead to reroutes and detours for cars and bikes on the following streets :
Market Street , between Beale and Steuart streets
Southbound Embarcadero , from Washington to Don Chee Way
Beale , Main , Spear , Steuart streets from Market to Howard streets
Where : Moscone Center , 747 Howard St. , San Francisco
When : Jan. 30-Feb. 7
10 a.m. to 10 p.m. 1/30 , 2/6
10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 1/31
3 p.m. to 10 p.m. 2/1 , 2/2 , 2/3 , 2/4 , 2/5
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. 2/7
Streets Affected : NFL Experience will lead to reroutes and detours for cars and bikes on the following streets :
Howard Street between Third and Fourth streets
Partial closure on Howard between Fourth and Fifth streets
What : Pro football 's interactive theme park offering participatory games , youth football clinics , merchandise from NFL Shop and free autograph sessions from NFL players . NFL Experience also will debut new attractions in San Francisco , including personalized digital photos , upgraded 40-yard dash and vertical jump against NFL players on LED screens , a virtual reality experience , an enhanced Super Bowl rings display and a new NFL Draft set .
Where : Davies Symphony Hall , 201 Van Ness Ave , San Francisco
When : Feb. 3-Feb. 4 at 8 p.m .
What : Hosted by NFL Hall of Fame running back Marcus Allen , the concerts feature the iconic music and filmmaking of Emmy Award-winning NFL Films , with conductor Joshua Gersen leading the orchestra in live accompaniment . The S.F . Symphony will provide live orchestral accompaniment to a selection of short documentaries produced by NFL Films .
Santa Clara
Where : SAP Center , 525 W. Santa Clara St. , San Jose
When : Feb. 1 from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m .
What : Fans will have the opportunity to see the Super Bowl teams in public for the first time at Super Bowl Opening Night , which is a shift from the traditional Media Day held on Tuesday morning . Visitors will be able to see players and coaches of the Super Bowl teams address fans and thousands of media members for the first time after the teams arrive in the Bay Area .
Where : Santa Clara University , the Leavey Center , 500 El Camino Real , Santa Clara
When : Jan. 26 at 9 a.m .
What : A program , featuring distinguished speakers like previous successful Super Bowl participants Ronnie Lott and George Seifert , about the positive contributions sports makes to leadership , life skills , ethics and values . The program is presented by the Institute of Sports Law and Ethics ( ISLE ) at Santa Clara University .
Daly City
Where : Cow Palace , 2600 Geneva Ave , Daly City
When : Feb. 6 at 7 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. for VIP
What : Party with a Purpose pairs chefs from the 32 NFL cities with current , Hall of Fame and alumni players from each of the NFL franchises as they serve over 45,000 tastings for 2,500 guests . Event-goers will also enjoy live musical entertainment from celebrity artists and have the opportunity to bid on over 250 unique sports memorabilia , vacation packages and other coveted items at the event 's silent auction . The event 's culinary host will be award-winning TV personality Andrew Zimmern . Guests include Silver Alumni Council quarterbacks Archie Manning , Roger Staubach and Bart Starr , celebrity chefs Mario Batali , Bobby Flay and Emeril Lagasse , and former Hall of Fame NFL coach Don Shula , among others .
Oakland
Where : Paramount Theatre , 2025 Broadway , Oakland
When : Feb. 5 at 7:30 p.m .
What : Super Bowl Gospel Celebration ( SBGC ) is the first and only gospel event sanctioned by the NFL for Super Bowl Weekend . The concert series features Grammy Award-winning , multi-platinum-selling gospel and contemporary Christian and mainstream artists , marquee NFL players and the NFL Players Choir together on one stage . It will be by far the largest multicultural event to take place during Super Bowl weekend . SBGC has featured artists , including Aretha Franklin , Kirk Franklin , Israel Houghton & New Breed , and Patti LaBelle .
CLOSE Gerard Ryle , Director of the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists , tells USA TODAY how the Panama Papers came to be . USA TODAY
The offices of Panama law firm Mossack Fonseca in Panama City on April 3 , 2016 . Hundreds of companies registered in Nevada list `` officers '' that are actually companies sharing the same address as this building . ( Photo11 : AP )
A USA TODAY analysis of more than 1,000 American-based companies registered by Mossack Fonseca , the law firm at the heart of the Panama Papers leak , casts the United States openly into an uncomfortable role : an offshore haven of corporate secrecy for wealthy business operations across the globe .
The analysis found that both Nevada and Wyoming have become secretive havens much like Bermuda and Switzerland have long been . And at least 150 companies set up by Mossack Fonseca in those states have ties to major corruption scandals in Brazil and Argentina .
The corporate records of 1,000-plus Nevada business entities linked to the Panamanian law firm reveal layers of secretive ownership , with few having humans ' names behind them , and most tracing back to a tiny number of overseas addresses from Bangkok high rises to post offices on tiny island nations . Only 100 of the Nevada-born corporations have officers with addresses in this country : 90 in Nevada , nine in Florida and one in Delaware .
The financial records show more than 600 of the companies ' corporate officers are listed at one of just two addresses in the world , one in Panama and the other Seychelles , a small Indian Ocean archipelago . The addresses , in both countries , are the same as Mossack Fonseca 's headquarters .
For about 700 of the American shell companies , the corporate officers are business entities rather than people , meaning no individual is linked to the Nevada firm in state records .
“ We should n't be thinking about this as a Panamanian problem , ” said Matthew Gardner , executive director of the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy in Washington , D.C. “ We should be thinking about this as a very American problem , and a problem that arguably is worse here in the states than it is in Panama . ”
The registered agent for all of the companies in Nevada is M.F . Corporate Services ( Nevada ) Ltd. , a one-employee operation located in an unassuming Las Vegas office suite .
In Argentina , a prosecutor 's 2014 report on the financial dealings of the former and current presidents , Néstor Kirchner and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner , and an associate , Lázaro Báez , included the names of 150 of the Nevada corporations with Mossack Fonseca links .
The Nevada corporations have also been brought into the separate sprawling nationwide corruption investigation by Brazilian officials , dubbed “ Operation Car Wash , ” which centers on allegations involving the state oil company Petrobras . The names of least 45 Nevada-based companies and two Wyoming-based companies linked to Mossack Fonseca are listed in investigative documents connected to the Brazil investigation published online by Brazilian prosecutors . Among the documents made public by prosecutors is a slide presentation from Mossack Fonseca 's Brazil office featuring a pie chart of locations it has set up companies .
“ Panama , BVI ( the British Virgin Islands ) and Nevada represent 87 % of our active corporations , ” the slide states .
Yet another of the Nevada companies , Cross Trading LLC , is involved in a federal criminal case in the U.S. District Court in New York involving officials at FIFA , soccer 's world governing body . The federal criminal complaint alleges a $ 5 million wire transfer was made from the Miami Bank account of a sports management company to a Swiss bank account held by Cross Trading as part of a set of alleged bribes related to international soccer tournaments .
Cross Trading LLC 's corporate officer , according to Nevada records , is Camille Services S.A. , which has an address in an office building in Seychelles , the island nation off the coast of East Africa . The company 's origin and purpose , in the Nevada business records , is completely hidden from public view .
Some of the Nevada companies do identify individual people as officers . A dozen of the companies birthed by the firm 's Nevada shell-company factory were controlled by members of one of Thailand 's wealthiest dynasties , the Chirathivat clan that owns a sprawling empire of shopping malls , hotels and real estate developments in every major city in Thailand . Tos Chirathivat , the American-educated chief executive , is listed as an officer in six different Nevada corporations set up by MF Nevada . Another six Nevada firms have had officers that are Tos ' relatives or people associated with the family 's Central Group of Companies , all tracing back to the same Bangkok addresses . The Central Group , which Forbes estimates is already worth almost $ 12 billion , is expanding across Southeast Asia and into Europe . But it 's unclear the purpose of their family 's Nevada holdings , which bear names such as Anir One and Consolidated International One .
Beyond that , there are very few individuals that are listed as the officer in more than one of the vaguely-named , nearly untraceable companies . A few are names of people who 've shown up in news accounts as operating affiliates or associates of Mossack Fonseca , but who are difficult to locate and therefore could n't be asked to answer questions about their roles and duties as officers of the companies , or whether they had any beyond being listed on the paperwork filed with the state of Nevada .
In Wyoming , where Mossack Fonseca has also registered about two dozen companies , corporations are even harder to trace . Officers of the companies are not listed in public business records .
“ They 're actively selling this stuff abroad , ” Heather Lowe , director of government affairs at Global Financial Integrity , a Washington research group , said of the secrecy offered by a handful of U.S. states .
In a statement responding to recent media coverage of the leaked Panama Papers , Mossack Fonesca defended its practices and said incorporating companies in different jurisdictions is “ the normal activity of lawyers and agents around the world . ”
On Wednesday , Wyoming Secretary of State 's Office announced it conducted a review in response to the Panama Papers leak and found companies registered by an audit of M.F . Corporate Services Wyoming LLC “ failed to maintain the required statutory information for performing the duties of a registered agent under Wyoming law . ”
Wyoming added that did not mean it would change how it handles corporate filings . “ We are not naive as to the importance of the release of these ‘ Panama Papers , ' but we will not compromise the privacy of our customers , ” Wyoming Secretary of State Ed Murray said in a statement .
While the Wyoming investigation is ongoing , Nevada officials have remained quiet about the data leak .
In response to questions about Nevada 's reputation for protecting corporate secrecy , Nevada Secretary of State 's Office spokesperson Kaitlin Barker noted the state 's corporation laws state “ a person shall not establish a corporation for any illegal purpose or with the fraudulent intent to conceal any business activity , or lack thereof , from another person or a governmental agency . ”
Patricia Amunategui , who runs Mossack Fonseca 's corporation registration operations in Las Vegas and Wyoming , said in a 2014 deposition that very little is required of foreign businesses who want to register a corporation in Nevada .
“ Under the Nevada law , they do n't ask you any more , ” they said , “ just the name and ( whether or not ) the original of the company is in good standing . ”
In its statement , Mossack Fonseca added it has always complied with international protocols including the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act , or FATCA , “ to assure as it is reasonably possible , that the companies we incorporate are not being used for tax evasion , money laundering , terrorist finance or other illicit purposes . ”
In their 2014 deposition , Amunategui said they were advised by lawyers to stop signing their name to corporation documents as the secretary of the companies before FATCA took effect in 2015 .
“ I 'm a U.S. person , ” they said , “ and I want to follow the law . ”
Contributing : John Kelly
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1S0vuke
The MFA is hosting the first of four all-night raves `` mfaNOW '' contemporary-art events that includes dancing and `` food trucks and lawn games , live music and DJs , lectures , artist demonstrations , performance art . ''
Only problem is more people showed up than the museum expected/can handle and now some people are abandoning the line to get in - some after having spent three hours in line .
`` Seems pretty unorganized , '' Bobby Main writes .
The MFA apologizes and tries to put a positive spin on it :
Apologies for the wait - we are working on getting everyone in . The good news is that we 're open til 9 am .
Around 12:10 a.m. , the MFA estimated the time to get in from the back of the line was 1 1/2 hours .
Steve Safran , whom we 're guessing is nowhere near the Avenue of the Arts , opines :
New York : Explosion , people unfazed .
Boston : `` We have to WAIT to sleep over in an art museum ? ! ''
Not everybody was put off by the long lines . Gisele Ellis , who enthused :
THE Government 's first duty should always be to try to protect people and keep them safe .
While there are other things to do , they should never lose sight of this . It is what the public expect from their Government , writes MP Philip Davies .
Recently , there has been a worrying increase in crime in Yorkshire and I want to see the Government doing more to tackle this . For example , figures released earlier this year show that crime across the Shipley constituency rose 17 per cent from 5,479 in 2015 to 6,465 last year . Burglaries saw a huge increase of 47 per cent from 500 to 735 .
It is a fact that police officers , who are doing a fantastic job , are overstretched . We need more police officers .
It is quite right that the Government gets a grip on public spending , but I have no problem at all with spending more money on more police officers . Preventing and reducing crime not only makes people safer , but it saves money in other ways .
Having fewer police officers while we are wasting billions of pounds on overseas aid is indefensible as far as I am concerned .
Sending money to corrupt projects overseas and wasting money in a bid to meet a massive artificial target of spending is scandalous when that money could be much better used – the police being a prime case in point .
Not only do we need more police officers , but we need the ones we have to be allowed to do their job . We need them to stop being forced to waste time on all the politically correct nonsense that comes out of the wrong PC Handbook .
It is a sad sign of the times , as far as I am concerned , that on their website West Yorkshire Police chiefs seem very pleased to have been nominated in the National Diversity Awards in the “ Diverse Company ” category .
West Yorkshire police chiefs should be more concerned with crime and what is happening on the streets than appointing , for example , a “ Positive Action Co-Ordinator ” . The fact that this award was sponsored by MI5 beggars belief as does the sponsorship of other prizes by GCHQ and the Army . I really do find myself saying all too often these days that the world has gone mad .
Another unbelievable sign of the times is that after proudly launching the Hate Crime Action Plan , the Home Secretary , Amber Rudd , found their own speech on immigration being reported as a hate incident . It is incredible that the police had to spend even a nanosecond considering this rubbish instead of getting on with the very important job in hand .
One other way the Government could quickly help reduce crime is to make people serve the sentences they are handed down . Or , at the very least , ensure that they go back to prison for the rest of their sentence if they are let out and either breach their licence conditions or reoffend .
As I have previous mentioned in this newspaper , the 28 day all-inclusive mini- breaks that they are pathetically being given right now on a worryingly regular basis are not helping to keep crime down and these Fixed Term Recalls should be abolished immediately .
We should return to normal recalls for the entire sentence as the public expects to happen . This pathetic slap on the wrist of the offender is a slap in the face to the local police who have no doubt spent considerable amounts of time and effort getting the criminals convicted in the first place . I ca n't imagine how demoralising that must be for police
out on the streets day in day out trying to do keep crime down and our communities safer . The more criminals who are in prison means there are fewer criminals out on the streets committing crime .
The Conservative Party has a long history of being seen as the party of law and order , and one that can be trusted to do its best to keep us all safe .
I fear that it appears to be veering off course thanks to politically correct trends and influences from lily-livered liberal sources . I sincerely hope the party gets back on track and the steps
I have mentioned above would help do just that .
Philip Davies is the Conservative MP for Shipley .
Leave a prompt ! Indicate which game or canon first ( for example , fe14/fe : f/feif all work , as long as you get the point across ) . Use + if you 're looking for gen and / if you prefer it be a couple . Some people use +/ to denote that it 's up to the filler . Some examples : fef , takumi+/leo , learning magic
fe7 , lucius+priscilla , raven did what
awakening , owain getting really upset about the ending of naruto
Fill prompts ! Do it however you like—fic , art , interpretive dance—it 's all you ! Double fills are totally okay , too . If someone 's already filled a prompt you want to do , do n't let that stop you . We could aaaalways use more . ( ´◔౪◔ )
Keep it SFW , so everyone feels comfortable participating . You can talk to Father if you want things to get nasty > : (
In your header , note that something 's a fill and include content warnings if applicable . If you do n't include content warnings for things that need them , I might have to delete your hard work !
If a fill contains spoilers ( even for something from 20 years ago ) , mention SPOILERS in the header . If a prompt contains spoilers , put it in this code :
< span style='background : white ; color : white ' > TEXT HERE < /span >
Leave comments ! If someone 's made your dreams come true , let them know ! If you and another prompter are on the same wavelength , do n't be afraid to leave a `` +1 '' — as long as you 're doing your share of proper filling , too ! More activity means more comments , higher morale , and good feelings all around .
Anonymous is on , IP logging is off ... so feel free to snoop away ; )
Hmph ! I guess if you really want the goods , sometimes you 've got ta kick it into action yourself ... Let 's do this ! Drop off an idea , keep your eyes on the meme , fill some prompts , and watch our fandom work some storybook magic.Ready to let your imagination run wild ? The Fire Emblem Fic Meme is GO !
This patch should now fix most issues for you !
The Witcher 2 – Patch 1.35
The following information is now deprecated . Get the patch instead .
Now OFFICIALLY CONFIRMED .
Do you have the 3D Vision driver installed ? Check “ Control Panel - > Program and Features ” and look for “ nVidia 3D . ”
Apparently there 's a bug with The Witcher 2 that absolutely tanks performance if you have the 3D vision drivers installed – it does n't matter whether or not you 're using them . I had this problem and in parts I was getting as low as 12 FPS on my GTX 570 . Uninstalling the 3D Vision drivers fixed everything and in the same sections I now get 60+ fps with everything maxed except Ubersampling .
I was very lucky to stumble upon this information . Spread the word .
Of course also make sure you have the latest drivers from nVidia , which are 275.27 as of writing this . I heard those can solve a lot of problems as well .
More performance tips on the NeoGaf forums .
Every year , more than 25,000 people are killed and hundreds of thousands injured on Europe 's roads . About 90 % of these accidents are due to human error .
Many of them could be avoided by using new technological systems to assist drivers in dangerous situations . Today they are the preserve of relatively few higher-end models , but given their obvious benefits MEPs want to make these systems compulsory on all new cars according to a resolution adopted on Tuesday 14 November .
These systems vary from automatic braking with pedestrian and cyclist detection and intelligent speed assistants They can also automatically slow down a car to avoid a collision and assist drivers to remain within speed limits . There are also systems that start beeping wildly or even steer a car back when you drift out of the lane .
German EPP member Dieter-Lebrecht Koch , who wrote the text of the non-binding resolution , said : “ Whether as drivers , pedestrians or cyclists – we all make mistakes . And in those cases automatic assistance systems are like silent co-pilots that help us avoid accidents . ”
While these and other driver-assist systems used to be standard on only high-end cars , they can now increasingly be found across all classes . However , three quarters of new cars are still not equipped with any of those , mainly because of the extra cost .
To reduce costs , the draft resolution suggests only making features compulsory that are already available on the market and have proved their ability to save lives , such as automatic emergency breaking systems with pedestrian and cyclist detection .
“ Everyone should be able to buy such a car , '' said Koch . `` It is precisely through widespread implementation that these driver assistance systems become cheaper . Therefore the price of these cars will not shoot through the roof ; they will just be a little more expensive . ''
MEPs are also keen to assess the possible added value of cutting the blood alcohol limit to zero for new drivers and professional drivers across the EU .
Donald Trump declared at Tuesday 's GOP Town Hall that he 's pro-life specifically because they never had to think about it before as a business person . I guess this means that only politicians artificially tinted in a shade of “ Cheeto ” are deemed worthy enough to think or speak about abortion ?
The idea of Trump 's “ evolving ” viewpoint seems pretty sudden , considering their one last saving grace for liberals was that he 's had a pretty steady record of being pro-choice for the past couple of decades . Then again , despite their recent “ JK LOL ” move regarding their streak of general misogyny as being shits and gigs , are you really surprised ?
This is the point where I should just roll out the tweets debating this declaration .
Advertisement
But as BuzzFeed 's Andrew Kaczynski pointed out , maybe this “ evolution ” as your run-of-the-mill “ business person ” was n't as straightforward as we thought .
Let 's just go with what Stephanie Cegielski , an ex-Trump adviser and definite defector said in a personal statement posted on XOJane : “ The hard truth is [ that ] Trump only cares about Trump . ”
Advertisement
Contact the author at jamie.reich @ jezebel.com .
Corey Griffin , co-founder of the Ice Bucket Challenge , drowned in a diving accident . Credit : Facebook
A philanthropist who drove the popularity of the Ice Bucket Challenge has died in a drowning accident after diving from a building in the US .
Corey Griffin died hours after raising $ 150,000 ( £90,000 ) to help their friend Pete Frates fight motor neurone disease ALS ( Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ) , The Boston Globe reported .
The 27-year-old dove off the roof of the `` Juice Guys '' building in Nantucket , Massachusetts , into a harbour on Friday 15 August . “ He was the happiest guy in the world , ” Griffin 's father Robert , told the newspaper . “ He called me last night and told me they were in paradise . ”
Jumping from the building is a tradition , according to locals . Griffin 's death was ruled accidental by the state Office of Public Safety and Security .
Corey Griffin , 27 , died after raising 150,000 ( £90,000 ) . Credit : Facebook
Posting a tribute on Facebook , Frates said : “ Team FrateTrain lost a good friend today , Corey Griffin . Helping out was nothing new for Griff . They held their own event for me back in 2012 , just a few months after diagnosis . '' `` He worked their butt off these last few weeks for ALS . We texted everyday , planning and scheming ways to raise funds and plan events . ''
What is # CFBrank ?
# CFBrank is the Twitter hashtag to use if you want to get involved in the discussion or just follow along .
How did we rank the players ?
We asked 43 of ESPN 's college football writers , editors and analysts to rate players on a scale of 0-10 based on their expected contributions for the 2015 season .
Full player rankings :
1-10 | 11-20 | 21-30 | 31-40 | 41-50 | 51-60 | 61-70 | 71-80 | 81-90 | 91-100
T-61 . Devontae Booker
Utah Utes
Senior | Running back
Score : 7.00
They are n't shy about their 2015 goals : `` I 'm planning on rushing for 2,000 yards and winning the Heisman . '' Booker 's aspirations are lofty , but their resume suggests they 're reachable . They were fantastic running through crowded spaces last year , amassing 815 yards after initial contact -- almost 200 more than the next-closest Pac-12 running back . The Utes figure to rely even more heavily on Booker this season , as they 've graduated a significant amount of receiving talent . The potential for a massive year is there .
T-61 . Jeremy Johnson
Auburn Tigers
Junior | Quarterback
Score : 7.00
We have n't seen much of Johnson ( two career starts ) but the hype is palpable . A more polished passer than their predecessor , Nick Marshall , some are mentioning the 6-foot-5 , 240-pound Johnson as a possible Heisman Trophy candidate . In Malzahn 's offense , the junior should thrive for a team looking to make College Football Playoff noise .
T-63 . Tony Conner
Ole Miss Rebels
Junior | Defensive back
Score : 6.98
After two impressive seasons in Oxford , Conner is poised for another one . The physical safety led all SEC defensive backs with nine tackles for loss last year to go with 69 tackles overall . There 's no reason to believe they ca n't replicate or improve those numbers again this season at the back of a solid Rebels defense .
T-63 . Josh Doctson
TCU Horned Frogs
Senior | Wide receiver
Score : 6.98
Though overshadowed by West Virginia 's Kevin White and Kansas State 's Tyler Lockett , Doctson quietly was one of the most effective receivers in the Big 12 last season . With White and Lockett now both playing in the NFL , Doctson wo n't be flying under the radar again . Especially playing in one of the top scoring offenses in the country .
T-63 . Chris Jones
Mississippi State Bulldogs
Junior | Defensive lineman
Score : 6.98
Jones ' production level has n't matched the amount of hype they received as an incoming recruit . ( He has only started three times and has six career sacks , 10.5 tackles for loss and 58 total tackles . ) That could change this year , as they are expected to step into a full-time starting role at defensive tackle . Their strength and athleticism are unquestioned ; production is what 's anticipated for the 6-foot-6 , 308-pound Jones .
T-66 . Emmanuel Ogbah
Oklahoma State Cowboys
Junior | Defensive end
Score : 6.93
The Big 12 's breakout star in 2014 burst onto the national scene with a pair of sacks against Florida State 's Jameis Winston in the season opener . They went on to earn Big 12 Defensive Lineman of the Year honors with 11 sacks and 17 tackles for loss as a sophomore . Ogbah will be the centerpiece of a defense that could be OSU 's best under Mike Gundy .
T-66 . Seth Russell
Baylor Bears
Junior | Quarterback
Score : 6.93
Those who follow Baylor closely are confident Russell will outperform Bryce Petty in their first year as a starter . That 's high praise . Their dual-threat abilities ( 5.8 yards per carry in 2014 ) give Baylor even more options in the run and pass game , and Russell has three years as a backup under their belt . If they can put that experience to good use , Russell ought to be one the Big 12 's top passers in their first full season as a starter .
68 . Jalen Hurd
Tennessee Volunteers
Sophomore | Running back
Score : 6.91
He 's only a sophomore , but Hurd already made their presence felt in Knoxville with 1,120 combined rushing and receiving yards last season and seven touchdowns . Sure , he 'll have to share some of the backfield load with Alvin Kamara , but Hurd 's explosiveness makes them a weapon on every play , and he 's poised for a super sophomore season .
T-69 . Jamal Adams
LSU Tigers
Sophomore | Safety
Score : 6.88
The sophomore is relentless , tenacious , you name the adjective , it probably fits Adams . A physical safety who was a first-year student All-American last season , they should improve on their 66 tackles , five tackles for loss and five pass breakups from 2014 . The word 'leader ' is already being thrown around with Adams , which signifies their impact so far in Baton Rouge .
T-69 . Jabrill Peppers
Michigan Wolverines
Sophomore | Defensive back
Score : 6.88
The former No . 2-ranked recruit nationally , Peppers arrived in Ann Arbor amid immense expectations last fall , but their true first-year student season never launched as planned . An ankle injury kept them out of the Notre Dame game , and Peppers sat for the remainder of the season after three September appearances . They earned a medical waiver and enters 2015 as a redshirt first-year student with renewed excitement about their spot at safety and potential as a game-changing defender .
Voters : Andrea Adelson , Dane Beavers , Brian Bennett , Kyle Bonagura , Ryan Canner-O'Mealy , Brandon Chatmon , David Ching , Chris Cotter , Jeremy Crabtree , Heather Dinich , Brad Edwards , Chris Fallica , Matt Fortuna , Kevin Gemmell , Travis Haney , Brock Huard , Chantel Jennings , KC Joyner , Sharon Katz , Sam Khan , David Lombardi , Chris Low , Greg McElroy , Erik McKinney , Ted Miller , Josh Moyer , Dan Murphy , Conor Nevins , Max Olson , Greg Ostendorf , Adam Rittenberg , Alex Scarborough , Joe Schad , Mark Schlabach , Jared Shanker , Mitch Sherman , Phil Steele , Joe Tessitore , Jake Trotter , Derek Tyson , Tom VanHaaren , Austin Ward , Jeremy Willis
Chinese President Xi Jinping said Thursday `` terrorists are the common enemy of humanity , '' during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Manila . File Photo by Monika Graff/UPI | License Photo
MANILA , Nov. 19 ( UPI ) -- Chinese President Xi Jinping mentioned the Islamic State – also identified as Daesh , ISIS and ISIL – for the first time in a speech that denounced the reported execution of a Chinese national .
Xi , speaking on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Manila on Thursday , said , `` Terrorists are the common enemy of humanity , '' Bloomberg reported .
`` China strongly condemns the brutal murder of a Chinese national by [ the ] Islamic State ... China resolutely opposes terrorism in any form and resolutely fights against violent , terrorist , criminal activities that challenge the bottom line of human civilization , '' Xi said , according to state-owned China Central Television .
In September , the IS had said in its English-language magazine Dabiq that it had captured a Chinese and a Norwegian hostage , identified respectively as Fan Jinghui , 50 , and Ole Johan Grimsgaard-Ofstad , 48 , NDTV reported .
Fan reportedly ran an advertising firm in Beijing before becoming a freelance consultant , and the IS had demanded a ransom for Fan and the Norwegian hostage .
Beijing 's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said the government had been working to rescue Fan and would enact justice on the executioners – although the IS killings have yet to be confirmed and Dabiq did not mention when and where the killings took place .
`` The Chinese side noticed the report and was greatly shocked , '' Hong said in a statement .
RELATED Suspected Paris attack mastermind Abdelhamid Abaaoud confirmed dead
The report of the execution could lead to China 's more active diplomatic role in the Syrian peace process , according to Li Wei , head of security and anti-terrorism research at the China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations . But Li said they do n't see any possibility for China to join the international coalition on anti-IS airstrikes .
China also has refused to support international sanctions against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
Journalism is the unique literary achievement of this age . And journalism has brought some benefit to the literary tradition . It has elevated lucidity and human interest to the high place of esteem where in a democratic society they belong . It has made the laborious task of imitating library echoes in order to get into the Atlantic Monthly , unnecessary . It has rendered book-fed and literarious writers as obscure as they are tiresome . But journalism is not literature ; it is business . And with some accidental exceptions the tendency of journalism to insert itself into the place of literature is a disaster to the art of writing . I am thinking of the new dilute variety of prosy poetry which is watering the country , and in order to separate myself from those who have any conventional or technical prejudice against the composition of poetry without meter I call it Lazy Verse .
Amazing are the metaphysical theories which those who produce this material put up to justify their professional incapacity for the intense rhapsodies of art . I am not going to dispute those theories , for of all obvious rationalizations of personal inclination , the so-called “ sciences ” which an artist constructs about their art are the most obviously unscientific . When a man starts a school of poetry , you can be sure that they have an impulse to create something unique , but lacks the energic capacity to sit down and do it . Every great poem is a school of poetry , but it does not issue circulars about itself . Futurism , Imagism , Vorticism , the “ Sceptric School , ” Polyrhythmic Poetry—all these names , and the others , are efforts to compensate a sense of creative inferiority . So let them pass .
But that poetry is more and more being written without meter , and that in consequence more and more poetry is being written , and that those who so write are most of them convinced that they have gained in freedom and power to convey realizations to the imagination , is a fact which any true science of poetry will have to consider . It will have to estimate the motives , and weigh the values of the “ free-verse ” tendency in general . I am going to make a beginning in that direction by pointing out that in the majority of cases a mere lack of energetic idle time , or the habit of intense concentration , is the motive to free verse , and the only value gained is the journalistic dilution which enables poetry to expand and multiply and cover space , as all the rest of our writing does in this day of the innumerable magazines and the enormous newspaper .
To read William Blake 's poem “ To the Evening Star , ” or to read passages of the Psalms , or Song of Solomon , in the English Bible , or of Tagore 's or Giovannitti 's poems , is enough to prove to anyone that realizations of the utmost poignancy can be conveyed without meter by the poetic use of names . Perceptible forms too can be engendered in that exaltation in which qualities of thought or passion have as clear definition as qualities of sound . Even the very absence of form , and often of intensity itself , can have poetic value in so unique an achievement as Walt Whitman 's “ Leaves of Grass. ” It was necessary that some miraculously powerful poet should burst up through the fine pages of recorded high passion with the uncouth realities of the hours of a man 's everyday life . This could only be done with the everyday manners of language . It could only be done irregularly , verbosely . It could only be done unsatisfactorily , for if it were satisfying it would not be the unqualified and incommensurable reality that was required . But persons who have drunk the whole draught of Walt Whitman 's poetry and realized that it is an eternal achievement in literature , and persons who think the English Bible and many other unmetrical visions are exalted poetry , are still entitled to find the general tendency of modern “ Free Verse ” dissolving and wearisome in an extreme degree .
Streets turned into one-way roadways in South Boston because of last winter 's heavy snowfall will return to allowing traffic in both directions on Wednesday , the mayor 's office announced on Friday .
The Boston Transportation Department will begin removing one-way signs from the streets on May 11 , and those roads will be fully open for two way-traffic two days later , the office of Mayor Martin J. Walsh said in a statement . The streets were converted to one-way under the South Boston Emergency Transportation Reconfiguration , which took effect on Feb. 14 , to improve public safety during the winter 's historic s snow accumulation .
The decision to remove the signs comes after the city considered keeping the streets one-way permanently , because of the effect on traffic flow . However , after two community meetings with residents where the city “ received constructive feedback , ” the signs will be removed , Walsh 's office said .
Advertisement
“ After thoughtful consideration and hearing from the South Boston community , we have decided to end the emergency reconfiguration , ” Walsh said in the statement . “ This plan relieved traffic congestion and increased public safety during our most challenging winter months , but now it is time to return to our normal traffic flow and welcome the spring season . ”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
When the streets were turned into one-direction roadways , the overall reaction in the neighborhood was overwhelmingly favorable because of the sense of order created and because they made driving less dangerous , City Council President Bill Linehan , who represents South Boston , told the Globe in March .
Walsh announced at the end of March that one-way streets would remain in place until at least June 1 while the community meetings were held to determine whether the traffic reconfiguration should be permanent .
Related :
• One-way solution tested in South Boston
Advertisement
• One-way streets gain favor in South Boston
• South Boston 's one-way streets get extended run
Andrew Ryan of the Globe Staff contributed to this report . M.G . Lee can be reached at matt.lee @ globe.com
Street repaving.JPG
Workers repave Governors Drive in Huntsville in this 2012 photo . ( File photo )
Fifty Rocket City streets are getting a fresh coat of asphalt this summer .
The Huntsville City Council last week voted to pay Dothan-based Wiregrass Construction $ 2.7 million to repave dozens of neighborhood streets in every corner of town , plus some larger roads including Oakwood and Pratt avenues and Pulaski Pike .
Public Works Director Terry Hatfield said the work should start later this month . Here 's the full repaving list in alphabetical order :
Adventist Boulevard from Sparkman Drive to new pavement ;
Bailes Street from Hall Avenue to dead end ;
Bentley Street from dead end to Fanelle Circle ;
Bluewood Drive from Hickory Hill Lane to Forrest Heights Drive ;
Cedar Ridge Drive from Fairmont Road to Woodcliff Road ;
Churchill Drive from Westminster Way to Downing Street ;
Downing Court from Downing Street to dead end ;
Downing Street from Drake Avenue to Downing Court ;
Drake Avenue from Memorial Parkway to L & N Drive ;
Edgemont Drive from Mastin Lake Road to North Plymouth Road ;
Farley Drive from Chatterson Road to Cornelia Drive ;
Hampton Cove Way from Old Highway 431 to cul-de-sac
Hickman Avenue from Pulaski Pike to end of street ;
Hickory Flats Trail from Weatherly Road to Cumberland Drive ;
Hillwood Drive from Mountain Gap Road to dead end ;
Hogan Drive from Lily Flagg Road to Superior Avenue ;
James Madison Drive from James Record Road to Wall-Triana Highway ;
Kincade Way from end to end ;
London Drive from Dowling Street to dead end ;
Lowry Street from Hall Avenue to dead end ;
Max Luther Drive from Memorial Parkway to Washington Street ;
Monroe Street from Memorial Parkway to Governors Drive ;
North Park Drive from Max Luther Drive to U.S. 72 ;
Oak Park Drive from Giles Drive to Bankhead Parkway ;
Oakwood Avenue from Memorial Parkway to Andrew Jackson Way ;
Old Monrovia Road from Claude Circle to Westview Drive ;
Palmer Avenue from Lowry Street to dead end ;
Polk Drive from Peck Drive to Bide-A-Wee Drive ;
Pratt Avenue from Andrew Jackson Way to Washington Street ;
Pulaski Pike from University Drive to Oakwood Avenue ;
Rideout Drive from Old Monrovia Road to Oakwood Road ;
Roundleaf Green from Nandina Drive to dead end ;
Shuttle Court from dead end to Skylab Drive ;
Spacegate Drive from Jordan Lane to Nick Fitcheard Road ;
Strong Drive from Cumberland Drive to Weatherly Road ;
Summerwood Circle from Todd Mill Road to cul-de-sac ;
Tammerack Lane from Honor 's Way to Hampton Cove Way ;
Tarleton Drive from Macon Drive to dead end ;
Titus Street from Oakwood to Bide-A-Wee Drive ;
Trademark Drive from Wall-Triana Highway to Martin Road ;
Twist Circle from Temperance Street to dead end ;
Vance Road from Day Road to Thornton Avenue ;
Vincent Drive from Oxford Drive to Whitesburg Drive ;
Westmoreland Avenue from Lytle Street to Whitesburg Drive ;
White Street from Beirne Avenue to dead end ;
Willow Park Court from Willow Park Drive to cul-de-sac ;
Willow Park Drive from Aftonbrae Drive to Weatherly Road ;
Wynn Drive from old pavement to Adventist Boulevard ;
Yorkshire Circle from Creely Drive to Autumn Ridge Drive ;
President Donald Trump 's ideological opponents have opened up a serious challenge to governance since election day , according to one prolific scholar and national security expert .
Dr. J. Michael Waller , who has taught on subversion , propaganda and information warfare , says no other president has had their 100-day honeymoon stolen from him . Additionally , no other president has had their predecessor organizing private funds to undermine them as former President Barack Obama has done in concert with the left 's resistance to Trump .
Waller discusses the weaponization of government by Obama where they used the IRS , Department of Justice ( DOJ ) , FBI and the national intelligence community against their political opponents , in this exclusive video interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation interview .
Did Obama 's FBI , CIA , NSA and DOJ meddle more in our national election than Russia ? Did the Obama team use pretexts to allege Russian collaboration in order to spy on their political opponents ?
Waller describes the various forces against Trump that make the president appear illegitimate . They name the militant extreme left , the permanent bureaucracy and mainstream elected Democrats who , with varying interlocking narratives , create a climate of fear , suspicion and hatred .
Commenting on the flimsy accusations by Democrats of Russian interference as part of this delegitimization project of the left , Waller reminds us that Democrats were calling conservatives “ Russophobes ” for holding on to Cold War antagonisms toward Russia recently .
Waller says , “ This is the first time you have ever had left-wingers protesting Kremlin subversion of American politics and actually caring about the Constitution . ”
The Congress should expand the one-sided Russian subversion probe about 2016 , they say , since Russia has worked to subvert American political efforts with propaganda and disinformation since the 1920s . Waller has 13 memory-jarring reasons why the Democrats would find such an expanded probe uncomfortable , if only Republicans would consider such a tact .
Part of Waller 's list includes the “ Anna Chapman case ” in New York in 2010 , where Russians penetrated the Democratic political machine in the Empire State . They also discuss the Clinton “ pay for play ” uranium deal that seemed to result in zero political outrage from congressional Republicans .
According to Waller , “ George Soros is the number one private sponsor of subversion against the United States , ” with the Chinese , Saudis and the Russians as the predominant state sponsors of subversion . Soros funds a full range of groups that seek to bring down America , including Black Lives Matter , which promotes murderous violence against police officers , drug legalization , and open border policies that threaten self-government and national security .
Waller thinks they seek to “ cripple institutions of national identity , national security and individual liberty insofar as it protects the constitutional rights of Americans . ”
For more on Waller see their writings here or on their blog , or follow them on Twitter @ JMichaelWaller .
Videographer Sean Moody is credited with the video work for this piece .
Mrs. Thomas does not necessarily support or endorse the products , services or positions promoted in any advertisement contained herein , and does not have control over or receive compensation from any advertiser .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
After nearly a decade of gracing the wall at Schnitzel Haus in Brooklyn , N.Y. , a signed photo of Donald Trump has been removed after Internet detractors accused the restaurants owners of racism .
Fred and Amber Urban opened their eatery—an ode to their native Germany—in 2007 . At the time , the couple were close with Trump 's then head of security , reports the Brooklyn Daily . Upon opening , the real estate mogul himself -- whose paternal grandfather immigrated to the U.S. from Germany -- visited the restaurant to wish the new business owners success .
After the meeting , the Urbans received a signed headshot of The Donald that read : “ To Fred + Amber , best of luck with Schnitzel Haus ! Best wishes — Donald Trump. ” And it 's been on the restaurant wall ever since .
“ I was honored to hang the photo , ” Fred Urban said . “ He 's a prominent business person and a big supporter of German-American heritage . ”
But as the Republican presidential nominee continues to spout controversial statements about immigrants and suggest policies like a proposed ban on all Muslims entering the U.S. , Amber Urban says their business has been feeling the backlash for having a photo on the wall . Yelpers have been commenting not just on the quality of the sausages , but how strongly they feel about the decor .
“ Came here with friends and The food was good , but I felt uncomfortable the whole time . On the wall there is a picture of Donald Trump . I just could n't stop thinking about me , a black man with plenty of Mexican friends , supporting a business that supports such a racists and disgusting person as they are , ” wrote one reviewer on July 28 who compared using a picture of Trump to displaying an image of Adolf Hitler .
“ They are trump supporters as there is a pic .... food is n't bad , but is n't the greatest ... really wanted to try the sausages ... ” wrote another reviewer .
Fred Urban was initially defensive about the sign , according to Brooklyn Daily , and posted a lengthy message defending their position :
“ We have many Mexican , black , Hispanic , Chinese , white , Milano , Indian , German , Italian ( I can go on and on ) patrons that adore the schnitzel Haus for its food and hospitality . The picture of trump was given to us after they visited the day after we opened 9 years ago to wish us good luck . They meet us at an event we sponsored during German heritage month at NYU . They were the German American ambassador for the year we opened . If they are n't running for president we would not even been wasting time on here chatting about this however living in America and the ability to have freedom of speech is obviously not a stronghold that was learned by many . We have removed the picture tonight because I do n't like To waste time defending my right to display a picture in my own restaurant . I am hoping autographed Al Pacino picture did n't offend you also . ''
But by Wednesday the vitriol has reached a boiling point and the owners decided to remove the signed picture .
“ When you 're hurting my income and taking food off my family 's table , we 're forced to make changes , ” said Amber Urban . Still , the owners are surprised that an image is sparking such controversy .
“ Honestly , I was very upset . I do n't know how posting a picture on the wall is promoting hatred . ”
The first in a new class of Russian guided missile frigate arrived on Thursday to Sevastopol marking the first time the Black Sea Fleet has seen a new blue water warship since the end of the Cold War .
The Project 11356-class Admiral Grigorovich arrived in Crimea , the first of several new surface ships the Russian Navy intends to base in the Black Sea .
“ This is the first vessel for distant water operation , which the Black Sea Fleet has received over the past 35 years , ” fleet spokesperson Vyacheslav Trukhachyov told the TASS news service .
The 4,000-ton frigate delivered to the Russian Navy in March and is the first of a planned class of six based in the Black Sea .
Based Talwar-class frigates that Russia built for the Indian Navy between 2000 and 2013 , the Grigorovich frigates are built as a multi-mission surface combatant and can handle submarine , air and surface threats , according to information from the Russian defense ministry .
The frigates also field the Russian Kalibir NK long range land attack cruise missiles – first used operationally last year from Russian Navy ships in the Caspian Sea to strike targets in Syria .
The ship 's arrival is part of a planned $ 2.43 billion expansion of the Black Sea Fleet , announced in 2014 .
Eric Wertheim , naval analyst and author of U.S . Naval Institute 's Combat Fleets of the World , told USNI News on Thursday the frigate 's arrival in Crimea was a win for the Russian Navy .
“ This shows that Russia 's plans to modernize its naval forces are starting to pay dividends , ” they said .
“ This also helps their forces to achieve a better balance among their fleets and to project power where needed . ”
Prior to the new frigate , the Black Sea Fleet was populated by mostly 1980s era surface combatants and newer but smaller patrol craft . The new push to refresh its surface forces might be difficult to sustain .
For instance , since Russia invaded Crimea , Ukraine has refused to supply maritime gas turbines for new Russian surface ship construction . Russian ship builders have also been plagued by construction delays .
“ The long term question remains one of sustainability . Can their forces maintain this level of modernization and increased operations and capability in the decades ahead ? It will take years to get an accurate answer , ” Wertheim said .
“ For the short term , Russia remains serious about enhancing their naval and military forces . ”
Burch aims to be apolitical : they told the Times that they want their campaign to be something that “ unites , rather than divides ” the country and pointedly noted that they have “ lots of Republican friends. ” Which is partly why the campaign feels so beside the point . Women 's ambition is still structurally hampered , as it always has been in this country , by failures of policy—the absence of paid family leave and decent worker protections , for instance . ( To this effect , the Tory Burch Foundation did publish an interview with Lilly Ledbetter on Equal Pay Day . ) But in much of American popular culture women 's ambition is now encouraged at a fever pitch . Ads frequently show images of frighteningly ambitious women : a recent Equinox campaign showed a model sitting in a restaurant , wearing expensive formalwear and breastfeeding twins . It is standard practice for mainstream women 's publications to celebrate any woman who has achieved any degree of wealth or prominence , regardless of what that success might be or mean . On the Tory Burch Foundation 's Instagram account , you 'll find dozens of celebrities promoting # EmbraceAmbition as if it were a clean-water initiative . Ambition , for women , has been marketed as a mandate , and the model of ambition that 's most commonly marketed tends to resemble Ivanka Trump—the superficially appealing woman who can pay to have it all .
Last month , the fashion designer Tory Burch launched an ad campaign called “ Embrace Ambition. ” It features black-and-white photos of celebrities wearing various slogan-brandishing T-shirts : Mindy Kaling wears “ BOLD , ” Kate Bosworth wears “ STRONG , ” Burch themselves wears “ AMBITIOUS. ” This last T-shirt can be purchased on the Tory Burch Web site for sixty-eight dollars . For the thriftier shopper , there are thirty-dollar bracelets , which come on a placard saying “ # EMBRACEAMBITION ” and “ JOIN THE MOVEMENT. ” Proceeds from this merchandise are directed toward the Tory Burch Foundation , which helps support women entrepreneurs . ( It administers a small fellows program and connects women to business education and affordable loans . ) A New York Times piece about the “ Embrace Ambition ” campaign calls it a “ public service announcement ” aiming to reclaim what has become a dirty word .
A new anthology of essays about women and ambition , “ Double Bind , ” edited by the fiction and memoir writer Robin Romm , tries to embrace the concept in a more substantive way . In their introduction , Romm , who is in their early forties , writes about their sense , as a young woman , that “ striving and achieving had to be approached delicately or you risked the negative judgment of others. ” They felt a pull between the hardness of their ambition and the softness of their socialization , and calls this “ the double bind of the gender , success paired eternally with scrutiny and retreat . ”
Romm notes that many contributors to “ Double Bind ” —a group that includes Molly Ringwald , Ayana Mathis , Roxane Gay , Francine Prose , and Lan Samantha Chang—found this project difficult . Ambition “ felt connected to deeply private impulses and actions that made them too vulnerable , ” Romm writes . It seems , too , that , as an abstract idea , ambition is just fiendishly complicated to write about . It is at once deeply idiosyncratic and indicative of larger cultural forces ; in many of the essays , the writers seem to be inwardly thrashing against the idea that they could generate meaningful insights on the subject . Work at what matters to you , the essays say . Prepare for thrills and compromises , particularly involving children . Consider my doubts about my own achievements . Strive for an ending of rueful hope .
Reading one crackling , cheerless narrative after another , I started to feel that there was another—and possibly trickier—conflict at work . Ambition will always be complicated for women , and not just because of external impediments : it is an imperfect drive , enacted in imperfect circumstances , that inevitably leads to imperfect things . The more compelling essays in “ Double Bind ” address this head on . Elizabeth Corey , a political-science professor at Baylor , cautions against the extreme focus on success and productivity that one sees applied to both work and motherhood . “ We simply can not approach marriage and family in the spirit of achievement at all , ” they write . The novelist Claire Vaye Watkins writes about a trip back to their home town , Pahrump , Nevada , where being on “ free lunch means you 're a scrounge , but reduced lunch means you 're regular. ” Only two kinds of people make it out of there , they explain : “ kids gunning for something and kids running away. ” When Watkins meets a promising young student , they want to both help them and caution them Watkins was a runner , and she 's melancholically aware of the dislocations that their ambition has caused .
In a spirited , cutting essay called “ Snarling Girl , ” the novelist Elisa Albert reorients the entire premise of “ Double Bind. ” “ Maybe my great ambition , such as it is , is to refrain from engagement with systems that purport to tell me what I 'm worth compared to anyone else , ” they write . They add , “ What I would like to say is Lean In my hairy Jewish ass. ” Albert spells out the foolishness of trying to generalize about ambition : the desire to be a first-generation college student is n't easily comparable to the desire to shatter a glass ceiling or own a luxury car or write a work of genius . “ Our contexts are not the same , our struggles are not the same , and so our rebellions and complacencies and conformities and compromises can not be compared. ” To Albert , ambition is a quality that arises organically from both vanity and a genuine wish to do good work ; it 's also something they regard as alien and horrific . “ So you got what you wanted and now you want something else , ” they write . “ You probably worked really hard ; I salute you . . . . But if you have ever spent any time around seriously ambitious people , you know that they are very often some of the unhappiest crazies alive , forever rooting around for more , having a hard time breathing and eating and sleeping , forever trying to cover some hysterical imagined nakedness. ” Albert 's essay is easily the most ambitious in the collection .
Hey , Mary Kay : I want your opinion on why the Browns refuse to go after a free-agent receiver . There are still a handful out there . I think a one-year deal to Plaxico Burress could only help with the development of the young WR crew . Or maybe someone who is cut during camp . -- Dustin Murphy , Columbus
Hey , Dustin : The Browns went hard after Pierre Garcon and Josh Morgan in free agency , two receivers in their prime , but were outbid by Washington . They 're not going to add an aging veteran with baggage just to get a body in here . If a quality veteran gets cut , maybe they 'll sign him , but they 're optimistic about what they have .
Hey , Mary Kay : The Houston Chronicle reported that the Packers may be willing to trade WR James Jones . Will the Browns get off their hands and make a play for them if the price is right ? If not , why ? -- Mike Nyerges , Cincinnati
Hey , Mike : Jones is n't officially on the trading block yet , and I 'm not sure the Browns would surrender a pick for a 28-year-old who 's owed more than $ 5.5 million over the next two seasons , including $ 2.3 million in 2012 . I think it 's more likely they 'd sign a veteran let go by someone in camp .
Hey , Mary Kay : When Seneca Wallace originally came to Cleveland I had a jersey made and believed that they would be the starter with their Holmgren connection . Then they brought in Delhomme and McCoy . Last year I felt that he 'd have a fair chance , but that did n't happen . Then it was released that helping McCoy was n't in the cards . Now they can possibly pocket three million and he 's running their mouth again . Is this the reason he 's been a career backup or is there something else that we do n't know ? -- James Williams , Cleveland
Hey , James : I think the reason Wallace has been a backup is because he 's 6-15 as a starter . I do n't think it has anything to do with what he 's said .
Hey , Mary Kay : Mike Wallace has not been signed by the Steelers and has not shown up at any team activities , including mini-camp . Should the Browns be interested ? Will they be ? -- Tom Kerr , Pittsburgh
Hey , Tom : Steelers GM Kevin Colbert said this week that he 'd like to sign Wallace to a long-term deal . I do n't think Pittsburgh will let them get away .
Hey , Mary Kay : Considering the Browns schedule , do you think a .500 record would be a good season ? -- James Reese , Upland , Calif .
Hey , James : The Browns do have a brutal schedule , third-toughest this season ( opponents were 135-121 in 2011 for a .527 winning percentage ) . For that reason , I do think 8-8 would be a good season . They 're catching a few breaks with Baltimore 's Terrell Suggs and Pittsburgh 's Rashard Mendenhall injured .
Hey , Mary Kay : Who are they going to put in the backfield with Trent Richardson : Owen Marecic or Brad Smelley ? Will they do anything else to shore up our receiving corps ? -- Pat Cleary , Tallmadge
Hey , Pat : Owen Marecic will start at fullback , but the Browns do like Smelley , their seventh-round pick , who can play fullback or tight end .
Hey , Mary Kay : It seems like the Browns are getting a raw deal on this Scott Fujita suspension . Why should we be penalized by having one of our starters suspended when we did nothing ? I feel we are owed some sort of compensation ( the Saints ' seventh-round pick in next year 's draft maybe ? ) . -- Scott Cordle , Blacklick , Ohio
Hey , Scott : The Browns can only hope that Fujita wins the appeal of their three-game suspension ( the hearing is Monday ) and that they 're not penalized . The Browns wo n't be getting any breaks from the NFL on this one .
Hey , Mary Kay : It certainly appears like Brandon Weeden will soon be declared the starting QB . A lot of Texas fans like myself were hoping McCoy would get one more year to prove himself . But , aside from not starting , it just seems like the Browns want to get rid of them altogether . So , is there really any chance McCoy will be their backup ? If not , where else might you see them competing for the starting role ? Or , even for a backup role ? -- Raul Delgado , El Paso , Texas
Hey , Raul : My gut feeling is that the Browns will trade McCoy sometime during the preseason to a team needing a backup . I still think they can be successful in the right situation , with a good supporting cast .
Hey , Mary Kay : I loved the draft and upgrades at QB and RB , but I still only see one NFL caliber receiver on our roster , Greg Little . One available free agent is Mike Sims-Walker , who caught 14 TDs and over 100 passes in a two-year span with Jacksonville in 2009-10 . Do you think they are worth a look ? I hope I am wrong , but Private Benjamin looks too small for the NFL and Mo-Mass is too injury prone . -- Frank Xavier , Fairview Park
Hey Frank : Sims-Walker , coming off a knee injury , spent three days with the Texans during their minicamp this week and they 're deciding whether or not to sign him . I have n't heard of any interest from the Browns , but they might be worth a look if still available later in camp .
-- Mary Kay
0 Shocking video : Couple unknowingly drives 14 miles with drunk man sleeping on trunk
MEMPHIS , Tenn. - As a couple was leaving downtown Memphis Thursday night , a man climbed onto the trunk of their vehicle and passed out . The couple had no idea until they were stopped by a police officer , and it 's still a mystery how the man managed to stay on as they drove down the interstate .
Pictures showed the man passed out on the car , and now video shows the incident in action .
WATCH : Car driving down the interstate with man passed out on truck
( Video courtesy of Hillary Kett )
The trunk was only about 14 inches wide . The man curled up on the back of the car and passed out .
The driver , Carl Webb , and their wife were leaving the World Championship Barbecue Cooking Contest Thursday night . Webb told FOX13 it was dark out and the sunshade was stuck up , so they could n't see what was on their trunk .
`` There 's no way to describe it . It 's unbelievable , '' Webb said .
Webb had driven 14 miles with the uninvited and unaware passenger sleeping on their trunk . They had no knowledge of the “ guest ” until a police officer stopped them .
“ The officer came up and they said , ‘ Mr . are you aware there 's a body on your trunk ? ' , and that did not register . They go , ‘ Mr . I 'm not messing with you . There 's a body on your trunk . ' So I got out . We walked around and sure enough there they were still hanging on , still unconscious , just lying there , ” Webb explained .
The officer had to wake the guy up .
Webb said the man was so drunk that they started to stumble into traffic and the officer grabbed him .
The man was put in the cruiser , but police did not release their identity or say if any charges were filed .
© 2019 Cox Media Group .
COMMENTARY
Danny Ainge has seemingly arrived at a crossroads in their quest to bring Banner 18 to Boston . They have been taking the slow and steady path to construct their roster in recent seasons , advancing their cause with young draft picks , smart trades and high-value contracts . That approach helped Boston build a 53-win team and Eastern Conference finalist last year .
But continuing along that deliberate course is starting to get tricky for a couple reasons .
To start , the talent gap the Celtics face in trying to compete with the Cavaliers and Warriors is a sizable one . That much remained clear with Boston 's ugly exit in the East Finals against Cleveland . The Celtics need multiple great players , not just a depth of good ones . Further complicating matters , some of their good ones are going to be owed big paydays soon : Isaiah Thomas , Avery Bradley and Marcus Smart are set to hit free agency next year ; and investing in all three of those guys is not a winning formula . In order to compete at a higher level , Ainge has to start cashing in some assets now , and that process began on draft night .
Advertisement
The Celtics were reportedly interested in shaking things by way of trade discussions involving Kristaps Porzingis and Paul George , but nothing came to fruition on draft night .
“ It certainly has n't closed a window that we did n't do it tonight , ” Ainge said Thursday . “ There 's still a window open for trade opportunities for us in July . ”
So what is Ainge up trying to pull off ?
Here is a glimpse of steps that could lead to the core of a super team this summer in Boston .
1 ) Keep Jayson Tatum and Jaylen Brown : The pair of recent No . 3 overall picks are under Boston 's control for at least the next eight seasons and are on their rookie deals for the next three years . Holding onto these cheap pieces with tremendous upside will keep the Celtics with a talented and cost-controlled young core for the foreseeable future ( unless the right trade comes around down the road ) .
2 ) Agree to terms of a Paul George trade … then wait : The Pacers are confident that they are going to deal their disgruntled star , and the Celtics have the assets to make it happen . George has the ability to opt out of their contract after this upcoming season , but Ainge has admitted he 's willing to take a risk on a free agent on an expiring deal for the right cost . If the Celtics can put the right players around George , they may be able to entice them to turn down their hometown Lakers and stay for the long term . In order to put the right players around George though , the Celtics will need to wait until they complete their free-agency signings . Trading for George before those are done would cut into the C 's salary cap room , preventing them from signing a big name like Blake Griffin or Gordon Hayward outright .
Advertisement
3 ) Sign Gordon Hayward in free agency : The Celtics have planned to have enough cap room this summer for a max free agent since the start of the season . While the salary cap projection dropped to $ 98 million ( limiting the C 's wiggle room around the edges ) , they can still get to the max salary needed by waiving and trading a couple players . A key rotation piece ( Terry Rozier , Marcus Smart , Jae Crowder , Avery Bradley ) will likely have to be traded for a future draft pick to make the math work , but the door would be open for the Celtics to max out Hayward , filling in those minutes anyway .
Jazz forward Gordon Hayward ( 20 ) guards Pacers forward Paul George ( 13 ) , during an NBA game in Salt Lake City . —AP Photo/George Frey
Buy Tickets
4 ) Execute the George trade : After the Celtics sign Hayward , they 'll be over the cap and will have more flexibility to make the salaries match in a hypothetical George deal . The Celtics could send a combination of Bradley , Crowder and Smart to make the salaries match with George 's $ 18 million price tag ; and could also add a first-round pick or two to make it extra enticing for Indiana . The ask from Indiana might not even be that high since George is on an expiring deal and the Pacers might not have much leverage to demand more . Few teams around the league are in a position to convince George to re-sign beyond next season — when he 's let it known that their preference is to play in Los Angeles . The Celtics are one of those teams and Boston has the assets to entice the Pacers . This is a deal that makes sense for both sides to find common ground on .
Advertisement
5 ) Retain enough assets to acquire one more star : If Ainge can execute this plan , the Celtics ' war chest would n't be empty either . Brown and Tatum are still on rookie contracts , with other young prospects ( Ante Zizic , Guerschon Yabusele ) on the roster . The 2018 Brooklyn pick is waiting to be used and the 2018 Lakers pick could be too . Those are enough appealing pieces to make a run at another big star , whenever that player becomes available . With a core of George and Hayward in place , the Celtics would have strong building blocks for the next five years to move forward with and compete with the Cavaliers and Warriors .
Story highlights The number of U.S. gun owners has declined as more guns are concentrated in fewer hands
CNN analysis shows gun owners in the U.S. own one-third of guns on the planet
Many gun owners live in swing states , key to the fall election
A decreasing number of American gun owners own two-thirds of the nation 's guns and as many as one-third of the guns on the planet -- even though they account for less than 1 % of the world 's population , according to a CNN analysis of gun ownership data .
The data , collected by the Injury Prevention Journal , the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , the General Social Survey and population figures from the U.S. Census Bureau , found that the number of U.S. households with guns has declined , but current gun owners are gathering more guns .
The United States tends to have better data on gun numbers than other countries , for instance Somalia or the Democratic Republic of the Congo , which may account for the high percentage , according to Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the School of Criminal Justice at The University at Albany .
However , within its own borders , the U.S. gun owning population is on the decline and those gun owners are stockpiling more firearms .
`` Those who own guns , own more guns , '' said Josh Sugarmann , the executive director and founder of the Violence Policy Center , a Washington-based gun control advocacy group . Last year the organization released an analysis of figures from the General Social Survey , which found that both the number of households owning guns and the number of people owning guns were decreasing .
Gun ownership declining in U.S .
Politicians from both parties have tip-toed around gun control after the Aurora , Colorado , movie theater massacre to avoid political implications in the upcoming election . However , studies suggest they are bowing to a smaller number of American gun owners .
Those gun owners tend to live in swing states , explained Lizotte .
`` You can see where [ the gun debate plays out ] in the presidential election , '' said Lizotte . `` Where rural states are swing states and urban states are not . ''
study published in the Injury Prevention Journal , based on a 2004 National Firearms Survey , found that 20 % of the gun owners with the most firearms possessed about 65 % of the nation 's guns .
A 2007 survey by the U.N 's Office on Drugs and Crime found that the United States , which has 5 % of the world 's population , owns 50 % of the world 's guns .
JUST WATCHED The media and the massacre Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The media and the massacre 05:26
JUST WATCHED Shooting victim 's mother speaks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Shooting victim 's mother speaks 04:32
JUST WATCHED Where was God in Aurora ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Where was God in Aurora ? 03:11
The number of households owning guns has declined from almost 50 % in 1973 to just over 32 % in 2010 , according to a 2011 study produced by The University of Chicago 's National Opinion Research Center . The number of gun owners has gone down almost 10 % over the same period , the report found
The concentration comes , in part , because guns are `` marketed by and large to people who already own guns , '' Lizotte said .
They also said that guns are specialty items , like tools in a tool box , so those who own guns are more likely to buy additional guns for different hunting purposes , for instance .
`` If you use a 12-gauge shotgun to shoot a rabbit , the rabbit wo n't exist after you shoot it , '' Lizotte said . Therefore a gun owner who is a hunter will use a different gun for different types of hunting , for instance a small-caliber rifle instead of a high-powered shotgun .
Both studies also found that men were more likely to own guns , though the General Social Survey found that male gun ownership is down almost 20 % since 1980 . The Violence Policy Center 's analysis of the General Social Survey data also found that part of the reason the gun owning population is declining is because those weapons are largely owned by white males , a group whose population is aging .
One in 10 women own a gun , the General Social Survey found .
Still , while it is possible to collect accurate data on the number of guns in the United States using manufacturing , import-export and life-cycle data for the guns , the federal government has little idea of whom the guns owners are , gun policy experts said .
`` The federal government does n't have good data on anything on guns and that 's been done on purpose , '' said David Hemenway , director of the Harvard Injury Control Research Center and senior author of the Injury Prevention Journal study . `` The gun lobby has lots of power ... [ their ] goal is not to have any sort of registration system . ''
`` We asked , 'Where 'd the guns go ? ' The answer -- it looked like the people that had lots of guns were buying more guns , '' Hemenway said .
The false perception that there are more gun owners has helped bolster a political narrative , emboldened the National Rifle Association and left politicians worried about losing support , gun policy experts say .
`` ... It gives them more power to say they are representing more gun owners and there are more gun owners , '' said Hemenway .
Sugarmann agreed . `` There is a myth pushed by the gun industry , the NRA and the trade associations for gun makers that gun ownership is up , '' they said . `` [ That ] there are more gun owners , when the opposite is true , gun ownership is declining . ''
The NRA did not respond to repeated requests from CNN for comment .
Herrera I announced it last year , a long time ago . I had a dream to leave young and happy . I wanted to announce it so I had time to digest it . The minute I knew , I wanted to let it out . I could n't have it inside and not share it . Last year was very intense . After my “ Don Q , ” I cried for a week .
Reyes When I was in Cuba growing up , people were dancing into their 50s , their 60s , their 70s . I grew up on that culture . So for me , I never saw an ending . I thought it would end when my body would tell me . My body has n't told me yet . I find somehow with age , it has become easier .
Herrera It 's true . I wish I knew then what I do now .
Reyes Completely . I can not tell you I 'm ready to retire . I can not tell you this is an easy decision for me . I can not tell you that because the truth is , as Julie says , I would have danced until my body told me to stop . There is the truth of the whole institution , and this is a very different thing , because where I am as a dancer is not necessarily where the company is as an institution .
Q . How so ?
Reyes There 's a time of change coming for the company . There is the need for people to develop into dancers . You can not develop unless you are onstage performing these roles . The kids here need these shows . Obviously , with so many guests , it 's hard to find space for everybody . I would have enjoyed three or four more years , and I know I could have done it , but it 's something I have become completely at peace with . I 'm not a dancer that fits where the company is now . So it 's my turn to go .
It is thus no surprise that some women refrain from reporting harassment , both for fear of implicating their male relatives in fights and to avoid placing strains on their desire to continue their studies , pursue employment or to simply enjoy public social life .
Ali al-Obiedi , an official in the interior ministry tells The New Arab that women who report the cases to their male relatives end up seeing them in prisons after their relatives would confront the harassers , often leaving them with serious injuries or possibly killing them .
While some women reported harassment to authorities or relatives , many fear the consequences of reporting it .
Sexual harassment poses a real threat for women in Iraq , preventing many from working , studying or simply going out .
But other women choose to take matters into their own hands , by pursuing different strategies to fend off harassers .
Nabaa Ahmed mostly depended on company when they went out . Since they were in high school , one of their parents would always accompany them to and back from school every day until their graduation .
`` I was a high school student during the occupation of Iraq and the fall of Saddam Hussein 's regime in 2003 , '' they tell The New Arab .
`` The situation back then was very scary as there was no security in place , so my parents were very concerned over my wellbeing whenever I went out , particularly over sexual harassment , '' Nabaa says .
`` Back then , there were no police officers to enforce law and order , which opened the doors for many men to harass women and girls in an awful way . ''
Now , married and a mother , they remain afraid to go out alone and only does so when it is necessary .
`` The eventual redeployment of security officers on the streets has not deterred harassers - in fact the situation seemed to only worsen , '' they say . `` I still fear going out alone and only do so when it is absolutely necessary ! ''
`` I fear that if I got out and get harassed , my husband or brothers would want to retaliate and would eventually land themselves in prison . ''
Like many Iraqi women , they fear for their male relatives who may react violently against the harassers .
`` I fear that if I got out and get harassed , my husband or brothers would want to retaliate and would eventually land themselves in prison . ''
There are plenty of women in Iraq with the same fears as Ahmad 's , but some refuse to be held back and defy the harassers by going out alone .
Rabab Zaidan , 27 , faces verbal harassment every time they go out alone . Most of the time , they choose not to respond , thereby defining their abusers as non-existent .
`` They do not scare me and I will not let them stand in my way , '' they tell The New Arab . `` On a few occasions , I was very bold and yelled back at them with threats . ''
`` Most of these men fear being confronted by strong bold women , '' Rabab says , `` They look for vulnerable targets and steer clear of women who appear confident . ''
35-year-old Lamia Hussein has been practicing using their recently-purchased pistol to ward off harassers
Carrying weapons
Meanwhile , 35-year-old Lamia Hussein has been practicing using their recently-purchased pistol to ward off harassers .
They started carrying a gun two years ago , after they found themselves a victim of harassment when they were returning from the hair salon where they work .
`` I was forced to carry a gun after I was harassed by four men when I was going back home from work one evening , '' Lamia tells The New Arab . `` The street was empty so they tried to grab me and when they failed , they verbally assaulted me . ''
`` I gathered all my strength and started screaming from the top of my lungs , while breaking myself free from their grip , '' they say , `` They ran off as soon as they noticed people were staring to come out of their houses because of my cries . ''
They maintain that harassers and rapists can only be warded off if faced with force , and so they have since been carrying a gun in their handbag .
Although they have never had to fire the pistol , they say they have used it a few times to threaten a harasser .
`` He ran away as soon as I took the gun out of my bag , '' they tell The New Arab , `` When I saw this reaction , I realised that I will never actually have to fire the arm or kill someone to defend myself , but I can use the gun to scare them off . ''
It is common in Iraq to find women carrying pistols and other types of weapons .
It is common in Iraq to find women carrying pistols and other types of weapons .
Shaimaa al-Sheikhali carries a knife as their weapon of self defence when they leave the house . The widow and mother-of-four says they began working after their husband passed away in a car accident in 2011 .
During their journey to work , they say they faced a lot of harassment and was since advised by many of their friends to carry a weapon to defend herself .
`` I have used the knife as a threatening tool against harassers on two separate occasions , '' Shaimaa tells The New Arab .
`` I used it once to threaten someone harrassing me , '' they say .
`` The second time I used the knife was when I saw a man following three teenage girls . They started to verbally abuse them , and I could see they were scared , so I took out the knife against them and they quickly ran away . ''
Meanwhile , younger Iraqi girls have resorted to material arts to help protect themselves against harassers .
Seventeen-year-old Sally Ridha began training in Kung Fu two years ago .
`` My trainer is the brother of a friend of mine , '' they tell The New Arab . `` My friends and I agreed to train with them to master martial arts and to be able to defend ourselves against harassers . ''
`` We are no longer afraid of confronting anyone ! ''
Sally says one of their friends used their skills against three men , landing them all on the ground .
`` We were together , and one of the men started to verbally harass us , so they turned to them and threatened to hit him , '' they say , `` The men started laughing at her , so they attacked them and within seconds they were all on the ground . ''
Azealia Banks ' latest Twitter rant may have lost them a few fans after they allegedly compared the LGBT community to `` the gay white KKK 's '' in a message that has since been deleted . This comes just after the Harlem-born artist called a flight attendant a `` f * * * ing f * * * * t '' after getting into a slight altercation with another passenger last week .
During their latest Twitter rant , Azealia gave some words of advice for those offended by their language , `` You boys got ta toughen up ! ! ! Do n't be so weak ! ! ! If one word can put your entire community in distress you 're DOOMED . LOL . ''
After last week 's flight incident Azealia responded to the criticism by saying that she 's bisexual herself . They also added , `` My brother is trans . My employees are all gay men . Nothing else to say . ''
Check out their latest comments in the above slide .
Source : Twitter
0 SHARES Share Tweet
Oath Keepers salutes Tom McKirgan of Oregon Oath Keepers for fetching this one . We also salute Mert Melfa for hosting this video on YouTube .
–
–
Sheriff Mack 's Constitutional Peace Officers And Sheriffs Association
( CSPOA ) held a Press Conference at the Press Club in Washington , D.C. and KrisAnne Hall was one of the speakers . Oath Keepers is pleased to share their presentation with you .
–
Quoting from Mert Melfa 's YouTube channel ,
“ THE NATIONAL PRESS CLUB–WASHINGTON , D.C.– KrisAnne Hall , constitutional attorney speaks at the CSPOA press conference and summarizes the CSPOA Resolution that was drafted by CSPOA on January 24 , 2014 and presented to legislative offices this week.– September 17 , 2014
–
My initial take on this presentation : KrisAnne Hall renders a beautifully-done portrait of the source of our individual sovereignty , and shows us that each American is the granting power which created the American central government and authorizes that government to act on our behalf . They are one Constitutional attorney who does n't hold back . We will be posting more of their commentary/videos , that 's for sure .
Thank you for your service to this country , KrisAnne Hall .
Salute !
Elias Alias , editor
–
httpv : //youtu.be/9ozaAqmLTFY
–
Link For Video On Mert Melfa 's channel :
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=9ozaAqmLTFY & list=PL1h2WwSa-8dOPMeBKNFY8OTUaFXXUenNW & index=5
–
Editor 's Addendum/Update : Here is CSPOA 's “ Resolution ” , to which KrisAnne Hall alludes in their presentation above . You can get this resolution at CSPOA 's website , here : http : //cspoa.org/resolution/ Text follows :
Resolution Of the Constitutional Sheriffs and Peace Officers Association
Pursuant to the powers and duties bestowed upon us by our citizens , the undersigned do hereby resolve that any federal officer , agent , or employee , regardless of supposed congressional authorization , is required to obey and observe limitations consisting of the enumerated powers as detailed within Article 1 Section 8 of the U S Constitution and the Bill Of Rights .
The people of these United States are , and have a right to be , free and independent , and these rights are derived from the “ Law of Nature and nature 's God. ” As such , they must be free from infringements on the right to keep and bear arms , unreasonable searches and seizures , capricious detainments and every other natural right whether enumerated or not , pursuant to the 9th amendment .
We further reaffirm that “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people. ” ( 10th Amendment )
Furthermore , we maintain that no agency established by the U.S. Congress can develop its own policies or regulations which supersede the Bill of Rights or the Constitution , nor does the executive branch have the power to make law , overturn law or set aside law .
Therefore , in order to protect the American people , BE IT RESOLVED THAT ,
The following abuses will not be allowed or tolerated :
1 ) Registration of personal firearms under any circumstances .
2 ) Confiscation of firearms without probable cause , due process , and constitutionally compliant warrants issued by a local or state jurisdiction .
3 ) Audits or searches of a citizen 's personal affairs or finances without probable cause , due process , and constitutionally compliant warrants issued by a local or state jurisdiction .
4 ) Inspections of person or property without probable cause and constitutionally compliant warrants as required by the 4th Amendment and issued by a local or state jurisdiction .
5 ) The detainment or search of citizens without probable cause and proper due process compliance , or the informed consent of the citizen .
6 ) Arrests with continued incarceration without charges and complete due process , including , but not limited to public and speedy jury trials , in a court of state or local jurisdiction .
7 ) Domestic utilization of our nation 's military or federal agencies operating under power granted under the laws of war against American citizens .
8 ) Arrest of citizens or seizure of persons or property without first notifying and obtaining the express consent of the local sheriff .
AND , BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED ,
that the undersigned Sheriffs , Peace Officers , and other Public Servants , do hereby denounce any acts or agencies which promote the asupervisorstioned practices . All actions by the federal government and its agents will conform strictly and implicitly with the principles expressed within the United States Constitution , Declaration of Independence , and the Bill of Rights .
There is no greater obligation or responsibility of any government officer than to protect the rights of the people . Thus , any conduct contrary to the United States Constitution , Declaration of Independence , or the Bill of Rights will be dealt with as criminal activity .
Apple may be the world 's largest company by market capitalization , but it does n't top all the rankings . The Fortune 500 ranks U.S. companies by annual revenue , and Apple has retained the # 3 slot it achieved last year , albeit with changes either side of it …
NordVPN
Last year , Apple was behind Walmart and Exxon Mobil , but ahead of Berkshire Hathaway – having climbed two places . This year , Apple beat the oil company but fell behind the investment conglomerate .
Fortune 's summary of Apple 's standing again lacks enthusiasm .
After more than a decade of solid growth fueled first by the iPod music player and then by the even more popular iPhone , Apple finally appeared to hit a wall , with lackluster sales—relatively speaking—for other products such as the iPad and Apple Watch and a heavy reliance on upgraded phone models . But the most profitable publicly-traded company in the world is investing heavily in software and its efforts in new areas of opportunity , including automobiles , remain in development ( and under wraps ) .
But an analysis by editor-in-chief Clinton Leaf is kinder , describing the company as one of the ‘ daring , upstart free enterprisers who pulled and dragged America to the front of a new global techno-industrial age . ' Tesla , Netflix , Google were all singled out as other examples of ‘ new thinkers . '
The piece notes that Apple went from California garage to Fortune 500 member in just seven years , while the slideshow predicts that the Cupertino company will be the world 's first trillion-dollar company .
BMC Racing Team General Manager Jim Ochowicz was unable to confirm to Cyclingnews on Tuesday that the US-registered WorldTour team will continue past the 2018 season after Swiss media reported that team benefactor Andy Rihs will end their support following next year . Related Articles BMC reduce rider roster to 24 for 2018 season
Ochowicz : No slacking off at BMC in 2018
BMC Racing unveil 2018 team kit
Greg Van Avermaet 's 2018 BMC Teammachine SLR01 Disc - Gallery
Former winners Porte , Dennis and Gerrans headline BMC 's Tour Down Under squad
Richie Porte gives BMC until May to save team
Ochowicz was responding to a report in Swiss newspaper 24 Heures , which suggested that backing from billionaire BMC owner Rihs will finally end after the 2018 season following several years of annual renewal . The newspaper reported that the long-term future of the BMC Racing will be decided in the spring and summer of 2018 , according to Marc Biver , the former Astana team manager who claimed to be leading the search for new backers of the team captained by Richie Porte and Greg Van Avermaet .
Ochowicz , who confirmed Biver 's role on the organisation 's sales staff , said Biver 's comments to 24 Heures represented their own opinion and that Biver did not speak for the team or for Rihs .
`` We 're still in the planning phases in a lot of places on a lot of different scenarios , too many scenarios to actually say that everything is 100 per cent in place , '' Ochowicz told Cyclingnews from the team 's training camp in Spain . `` But I can tell you that the motivation to continue with a program at the same level that we 're at today is our ultimate objective , and we 're on our way to completing that . ''
BMC began as a US-based Continental team and joined the WorldTour in 2011 when Cadel Evans won the Tour de France . They have continued to be one of the leading WorldTour teams in the peloton , with Van Avermaet leading the Classics squad and Porte targeting the Tour de France and other stage races .
With unconfirmed reports about Rihs ' ill-health , Biver told 24 Heures they are searching hard for new sponsors to help cover the team 's reported €21 million budget .
Ochowicz did not directly answer a question about the accuracy of Biver 's comments to 24 Heures .
`` They may or may not be , but the relationship with Andy and the team has been one that 's been on going for 10-plus years now , and any decision of Andy 's to not continue to sponsor after 2018 would be totally their call and would be their decision to make that public on their own , '' Ochowicz said .
`` As far as I 'm concerned , we 're still in 2017 just finishing up the year here in Spain getting started with our planning for 2018 . Andy is fully committed ; they came down to visit us here for a couple of days . We 're fully operational and ready to take on the fight in 2018 for the full season .
`` Are we planning for the future at the same time after '19 ? Of course , and we have sponsorship in place for 2019 in different places from different sources , '' Ochowicz said . `` But as you know , historically we do n't give timelines on our contracts with riders and we do n't give timelines on our contracts with sponsors . ''
BMC recently unveiled Sophos as the team 's official cybersecurity partner , with the blue logo filling the collar area of the team 's 2018 jersey . Ochowicz described Sophos as a `` very capable company that has the ability to do whatever they end up deciding to do . '' A panel on the shoulder of the jersey has apparently been left blank , with an expected sponsor still to be confirmed . J.Lindeberg is the new leisure wear sponsor , providing a reported 1,200 items of clothing to the riders and staff .
The TAG Heuer watch logo again stands out on the sleeves of the red-and-black jersey after coming on board for 2017 . The Swiss watch company is one of several luxury brands managed by Jean-Claude Biver , Marc Biver 's brother , and has confirmed its sponsorship until 2019 .
`` So we 're all working toward that ultimate objective of creating a long-term project with the existing team we have , '' Ochowicz said . `` We 've been here for 10 years now , so we 're not going away . We 've proven year after year that we can maintain this level , and I think that track record speaks for itself . ''
But in their interview with 24 Heures , Biver said time was an enemy of the team .
`` The future of BMC will be played out this spring , '' Biver told 24 Heures . `` If we want to keep them in our ranks , we must extend the contracts of Greg Van Avermaet and Richie Porte before the Tour . There is no reason to panic ; there will be a solution . But , unless there is a miracle , we realise we will not find a partner like Andy . They literally fell from the sky . With him , there were no calculations ; they embody passion and generosity . ''
Ochowicz said renewing with their two-star riders would be a top priority , although , as in any sport , the players and rosters are bound to change .
`` They 're our quarterbacks , and who does n't want Aaron Rodgers on their team , '' Ochowicz said .
Budget savings
BMC Racing have made savings by cutting their roster from 28 to 24 riders for 2018 after the UCI cut team sizes in races . They have also ended their BMC development team and trimmed staff numbers . Other cuts and changes are possible going forward depending on future sponsorship .
`` In the future we could consider not playing on all the boards and building a team just for the Classics or only for the Grand Tours . The door is open to all eventualities depending on the budget , '' 24 Heures report Marc Biver as saying .
BMC won 48 races in 2017 , with Van Avermaet winning Paris-Roubaix and topping the UCI WorldTour ranking . Porte won the Tour Down Under and the Tour de Romandie but crashed out of the Tour de France on stage 9 .
Ochowicz said there are no plans to change the team 's focus .
`` We 're still focused on maintaining our current structure , '' Ochowicz said . `` That does n't mean that players wo n't change . Like every sport , people move around . We do n't have any plans of changing our structure in terms of our commitment to the Classics or our commitment to the Grand Tours . And we 'll have an even stronger commitment than that to the UCI WorldTour circuit . ''
In the end , Ochowicz was optimistic about pulling the budget together to maintain the team after 2018 .
`` We 're in good hands , and we continue to do what we do , '' they said .
Extremely successful soccer is played at the extremes . While the game itself requires a fluid balance between possession and defense , the teams that consistently stand above the competition do so by committing to excellence at one end or the other . There are a significant set of teams focused on controlling the ball - clubs like Pep Guardiola 's Manchester City , Jurgen Klopp 's Liverpool , Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal , and the ever-present philosophy at Bayern Munich and Barcelona are a handful . But recent runs by Leicester City , RB Leipzig , Portugal in the Euro 2016 and to some extent Atletico Madrid in last year 's Champions League showcase how a commitment to defensive shape can also secure trophies , or get you to the doorstep . What is harder to find are examples of success by teams that do n't adopt a focus on one end of the spectrum or the other .
Which style a team chooses to play is generally a function of player quality . Because possession oriented soccer is considered more successful and crowd pleasing at the same time , it is the preferred tactical approach . The problem is that teams that employ that approach must have excellent players , being both physically strong and technically sound . If a manager knows they do not have players then a more defensive approach becomes appealing .
What does all this have to do with the USMNT ? For one thing the United States does n't have a clear tactical identity like the examples above . There are at least two reasons for that and they are not Sunil Gulati and Jurgen Klinsmann . The geographical location of the United States is actually one problem from a tactical point of view , and the other is the fact that the US is in the middle of the learning curve as it relates to developing world class players .
First , let 's discuss geography . The men 's team plays too diverse a set of teams to be able to fixate on one end of the spectrum from the other . Consider the US plays the majority of its games in CONCACAF , a confederation of mostly small nations and handful of soccer powers . The United States has played teams this cycle like St. Vincent and the Grenadines , Haiti and Cuba . They 've also played a surging Mexico , Costa Rica , Germany and Brazil . During this cycle the current median FIFA ranking of teams they 've played is 41.5 while the US currently sits at 28 . More than half the time the US is playing teams they are better than , but in the biggest games they have a clear disadvantage in terms of player quality . This is not a factor that the US is alone in facing , but then there is the next issue .
The second factor is where the US is in the process of player development . The US rebooted its development system ten years ago and that 's not nearly enough time to judge but so far it has n't clearly improved the talent on the senior team . The reality is that when the US plays their biggest matches in the World Cup or even against Mexico or Costa Rica in qualifying they are putting out the second best soccer players on the field , and it 's going to be this way for the foreseeable future .
The US is stuck in the middle .
One way to observe the two extreme playing styles is by looking at possession statistics . In a single game the possession statistic tells very little , but when looked at over the course of a season the statistic can be useful . Defensive teams tend to be fine with less possession while the possession oriented teams obviously demand a larger share of the ball . Here is a graph showing the distribution of possession by English Premier League champions Leicester City in 2015-16 , a team that excelled at defending and counterattacking . Also on the graph is second place Arsenal 's possession distribution . Arsenal are known for their beautiful possession based play .
Two top teams playing two different styles .
Now overlay the USMNT possession statistics for this World Cup cycle .
As you can see the US have a much flatter distribution and a wide range of possession outcomes . The US had a cycle low possession level of 32 % against Argentina and a high of 83 % against St. Vincent and the Grenadines . The chart below looks more closely at the competition the US played when they were both above 50 percent possession and below 50 percent possession .
When the US is below 50 percent possession they are almost always ( 85 percent ) playing against the stronger nations in Europe , South America , Mexico and Costa Rica . When the US has more than 50 percent of the ball they are more than likely playing against the weaker portion of CONCACAF .
If you agree that the US should focus on one end of the field or the other , then which direction should they go ? Should the US work out a possession oriented style that will surely overwhelm the majority of their competition but leave them exposed in the biggest matches ? Or should they play more conservatively across the games , which would result in giving lesser opponents more of the ball and maybe keeping those games closer , while giving themselves a better chance in the biggest matches ?
This issue becomes more glaring for the important set of qualifiers in March . Honduras and Panama are the top teams in the confederation after Mexico and Costa Rica . It 's with these dangerous second tier opponents where home field is enough of an advantage that the lack of commitment becomes most exposed . At home against Honduras the US might have the edge and Honduras will no doubt let them have most of the ball . But on the road at Panama the US may want to play more conservatively , perhaps even bunker in . Can they and should they prepare two different styles of play ?
When a team like the US has failed to develop a consistent identity at one end of the pitch or the other , the games when the talent gap is minimal highlight the need for a focus . The decision has ramifications for formation and player selection and having too many changes from game to game can lead to inconsistent results as the country witnessed with Jurgen Klinnsman in charge .
Klinnsman attempted to push for a possession based style early in their tenure before pulling an about face when the games got real in Brazil . They never pushed for possession consistently again . Bruce Arena is said to be implementing a “ pragmatic ” style which sounds a shade defensive and that will be the right thing to see the US through to Russia . But where should the US be headed for the long term ? Should they play conservatively and attempt to build on bigger results or perfect the style that the best teams in the world strive to play . One way may be ugly and boring and might frustrate the fan base anxious for progress . The other way may be attractive and foolish . That 's the conundrum the US is staring at and will be for a long time until they commit to an extreme .
Today 's guest post comes from Sean Ellis , CEO and co-founder of Qualaroo and founder of GrowthHackers.com . Enjoy !
UserTesting 's own Hannah Alvarez recently posed a question over at GrowthHackers.com regarding the importance of UX within the larger framework of growth hacking , or more broadly its role in a company 's growth strategy . Not only did the question spark a fun discussion among the community , but it highlighted just how important a role UX plays in driving growth .
Most growth teams that work with digital products are aligned around the critical need for the product to create lasting growth . Growth teams often report into the product team , not the marketing team . They are charged with finding wins by turning the natural use of the product into growth levers .
One of the most famous examples of this is Dropbox , where file sharing ( an intrinsic piece of the product ) became an important growth vector for the company .
Because so many technology companies rely on the product to generate growth , user experience impacts the success or failure of the product as a growth engine in a handful of key ways .
Reduce friction to improve key conversions
For starters , good UX reduces friction , and reducing friction is one of the most powerful ways to drive growth throughout the conversion funnel . Reducing friction can mean eliminating clicks , screens , or general confusion—or it can mean making it easier to share , invite and distribute . Either way , a better user experience means more users are willing and able to move from visitor to active user to referring advocate at a greater rate . When a good user experience makes it easier for a user to join and share , every growth effort 's success improves .
Reducing friction is one of the most powerful ways to drive growth .
[ Tweet this . ]
UX can do this in several different ways , from eliminating form fields and extra steps , to improving the user onboarding experience , to optimizing the user interactions for greater distribution and sharing .
UX research is customer development
In addition to a decrease in conversion-killing friction throughout the funnel , good UX research also means good customer development research , which often results in insights that lead to new growth opportunities .
After all , it does n't matter that your site is getting tons of traffic if it 's the wrong kind of traffic . Tapping into your ideal market—those users who will engage with and love your product or service—is the key to authentic growth , and this can only be achieved through a deep understanding of how people interact with the product .
This UX principle is also an essential element of unlocking growth . Understanding what the “ Aha ” or “ Must-have ” moment is for your users , and then focusing on how to get more of them there , is critical to growth . Optimizing the user experience around those moments creates more activated users and more growth .
Pinterest redesigned their first user experience to improve activation through the creation of a “ guided first pin ” experience that focused on getting users to pin their first item . By revamping this experience , they improved activation rates by more than 20 % .
UX uncovers growth levers in the product
Great UX is the difference between growth levers that make intuitive sense when using the product—as with Dropbox—and a bolted-on referral function added as an afterthought . With great UX , sharing becomes a natural and frequent part of the product 's standard use case , while the latter results in referral programs that are often largely ignored .
When Airbnb relaunched their formerly lackluster , underperforming referrals program earlier this year , they quickly saw the difference that a well-designed , user-focused referral program can make : user signups and bookings from their referral program increased by over 300 % per day .
UX-inspired delight
In addition to inspiring users to happily share , delightful user experiences drive word of mouth and organic virality . When a product feels a bit like magic , it 's often due to a well-crafted user experience . For example , Mailbox 's Betacoins , which unlock their Mac Mail app , are a delightful spin on the basic referral program mechanism .
The experience of depositing the coins created a novel interaction that fueled the referral process . People wanted their own Betacoin , perhaps more than they wanted the underlying software .
UX dark patterns drive growth ( but it 's short-lived , inauthentic growth )
Just as UX can be used for good , it can also be used maliciously . Growth “ dark patterns ” are employed by less-than-ethical products in order to trick people into helping an app or product grow . While this kind of growth can seem impressive in the short term , the deceit does not lead to the sustainable , lasting growth that we discussed above .
For example , the UX design in the popular Kim Kardashian : Hollywood game is driving growth through UX trickery—at least for now . As depicted below , the game displays a fake , in-game Twitter feed alongside an integration with the user 's actual Twitter feed , frequently resulting in confused users both following and Tweeting about the game using their real profiles .
Nir Eyal , an expert in customer psychology , refers to the flood of identical Tweets about the Kim Kardashian game , including the one one below from the US Environmental Protection Agency , as “ viral oops ” —distribution generated without the consent of the user . These dark patterns stand in stark contrast to the authentic viral loops created by companies like Dropbox .
Growth is tied to UX ( for better or worse )
As you can see , in many ways UX is inextricably linked to growth because it defines how users interact with the product and the growth levers within it . Just as UX can be used for building sustainable growth by removing friction and creating delight , inauthentic and unsustainable growth via dark patterns can also be achieved through UX .
Do n't be tempted by the latter—violating your users ' trust is not worth the short term gains . To achieve the maximum growth potential , UX designers should work together with the growth team and product teams to uncover and seize new , often unexpected opportunities .
How does UX work with the growth team in your organization ? I 'd love to hear any stories of UX-driven growth successes in the comments .
About the author : Sean Ellis is the CEO and co-founder of Qualaroo , a technology company that helps marketers better understand the needs of website visitors in order to improve conversions . Sean is also the founder of GrowthHackers.com Prior to Qualaroo , Sean held marketing leadership roles with breakout companies including Dropbox , LogMeIn ( IPO ) , Uproar ( IPO ) , Eventbrite and Lookout .
Image copyright Bettmann/Getty Image caption This photo is from Bangladesh in 1971 but is being shared on social media to describe Rohingya people in Myanmar as terrorists
A recent surge in violence in the northern part of Myanmar 's Rakhine state has been accompanied by a slew of misleading images being shared on social media .
Photos and video purporting to be from the conflict have been circulated widely .
Much of it is gruesome and inflammatory , and much of it is wrong .
Deep-seated mistrust and rivalry between Rohingya Muslims and the majority Buddhist population in Rakhine have led to deadly communal violence in the past .
The Rohingya have faced decades of persecution in Myanmar where they are denied citizenship .
WARNING : This article contains images some people may find upsetting .
Information is very sketchy and journalists have very limited access to this region .
Even those who have managed to reach the area have found that the volatile situation and intense hostility towards the Rohingyas makes it very difficult to gather information .
Here is what we know about what is happening in Rakhine :
Last week , after weeks of rising tension , militants from a new group calling itself the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army attacked at least 25 police posts
Clashes were reported in many other areas , sometimes involving Rohingya villagers joining the militants to fight the security forces
But in many cases the security forces , sometimes backed by armed Buddhist civilians , burned Rohingya villages and opened fire on their inhabitants , according to reports
Buddhist communities have also been attacked , and some of their inhabitants killed
The UN estimates 40,000 Rohingya have crossed the border to Bangladesh , bringing stories of appalling abuses
On 29 August , the Turkish Deputy Prime Minister , Mehmet Simsek , tweeted four photographs , urging the international community to stop the ethnic cleansing of Rohingyas .
Their post was retweeted more than 1,600 times , and liked by more than 1,200 readers .
But they were quickly criticised about the authenticity of the photographs .
Three days after their tweet , with many people challenging the images , Mr Simsek deleted it .
Image caption The BBC has blurred parts of these images because they are too distressing to show
The first photograph , showing a number of bloated corpses , has been the hardest to track down .
A number of Burmese who have challenged Mr Simsek for the tweet have suggested they are victims of the devastating Cyclone Nargis in May 2008 .
Others suggested they are victims of river boat accidents in Myanmar .
No similar photographs can be found related to those events .
But the image does appear on a several website dated last year ( we have not linked to these sites due to the graphic content ) .
This suggests the image is not from the recent violence in Rakhine state .
The BBC has ascertained that the second photograph , of a woman mourning a dead man tied to a tree , was taken in Aceh , Indonesia , in June 2003 , by a photographer working for Reuters .
The third photograph , of two infants crying over the body of their mother , is from Rwanda in July 1994 .
It was taken by Albert Facelly for Sipa , and was one of series of photos that won a World Press Award .
It has also been difficult to track down the fourth image , of people immersed in a canal , but it can be found on a website appealing for funds to help victims of recent flooding in Nepal .
Fake photos ?
There is now a frenzied social media war around the Rohingyas as the rival stories of each side battle for supremacy .
I have personally been bombarded with gruesome images , purporting to show victims of massacres , most of which are difficult to verify .
But some of the images are clearly wrong .
One image I was sent ( below ) , supposedly showing Rohingya militants training with rifles , turned out to be a photograph of Bangladeshi volunteers fighting in the 1971 independence war .
Earlier this year , when a team from the United Nations Human Rights Commission carried out research into alleged human rights violations in Rakhine state , it refused to use any photographs or video it had not taken itself , because of the problem of authenticating such material .
Their report gives meticulous details of their methodology .
Yet its findings , of `` devastating cruelty '' towards the Rohingya community , and actions it said could amount to crimes against humanity , were rejected by the Myanmar government , which then refused to issue visas for a fact-finding mission to Rakhine state .
The information we are piecing together from different sources on the current situation in Rakhine state paints a clear picture of a serious conflict , with large-scale human casualties .
There appear to have been atrocities committed by both sides , but the situation for the Rohingya , now under sustained attack by the security forces and armed civilians , appears to be far worse .
Obtaining an accurate picture of what is happening , though , will take a long time , given how little access neutral observers have to the area .
But the social media disinformation campaigns will harden attitudes on both sides , and quite possibly make the conflict worse .
Read more from Reality Check
Follow us on Twitter
Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth : Hacker 's Memory
Bandai Namco Games
Compatible with PlayStation 4™ ( PS4™ ) Works on all systems sold worldwide , a correct regional account may be required for online features . 24h In stock , usually ships within 24hrs .
US $ 19.99
Our previous price : US $ 59.99
You save : US $ 40.00 ( 67 % )
Our previous price : You save:40.00 ( 67 % ) Manufacturer Bandai Namco Games Compatible With PlayStation 4™ ( PS4™ ) Version Works on all systems sold worldwide , a correct regional account may be required for online features . Works on all systems sold worldwide , a correct regional account may be required for online features . 24h In stock , usually ships within 24hrs Price US $ 19.99 add to cart or save for later
Play-Asia.com Return & Refund Policy
Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth : Hacker 's Memory
Click on a thumbnail to see more pictures for
features THE UNTOLD STORY - Discover the mysterious backstory to the events that happened in Digimon Story : Cyber Sleuth
OVER 320 DIGIMON - Featuring more than 320 Digimon from the animated series !
DIGIVOLVE THEM - Scan , raise , train and battle Digimon in classic turn-based gameplay !
description After being accused of a crime they did n't commit , Keisuke Amazawa has no choice but to dive into the digital world and investigate to prove their innocence . Even if that means joining a group of hackers and help them to solve the troubles threatening this mysterious universe .
Hackers in the Digital World are divided into groups with different objectives . Some will cooperate whilst others fight each other to destroy the dimensional barriers and invade the real world . The largest hacker group , “ Zaxon ” , will strongly fight to protect the Digital World . One member , Jimmy Ken , is unsatisfied with the management so decided to create their own group called “ Demons ” . Confusion reigns in the Digital World especially with this mysterious hacker named K who wants to chase the criminal who is hunting for your account .
further info Official Release Date Jan 19 , 2018 Genre RPG Version US ESRB Teen
Titles rated T ( Teen ) have content that may be suitable for ages 13 and older . Titles in this category may contain violence , suggestive themes , crude humor , minimal blood , simulated gambling , and/or infrequent use of strong language . PAX-Code PAX0008806986 Catalog No . 2103290 Item Code 0722674121149 Players 1
I did n't realize Kentucky was holding a contest to replace Rep. Louie Gohmert as the dumbest elected official when it comes to climate change . But apparently they are and they have a candidate who might defeat him : Republican State Senator Brandon Smith :
Smith is a member of the Interim Joint Committee on Natural Resources and Environment , which met last Thursday to discuss new regulations from the Environmental Protection Agency that would limit carbon dioxide emissions from coal plants . Even though none of Kentucky 's coal plants would be shut down as a result , committee members were eager to point out that reason for the changes — to curb the effects of climate change — was pointless to begin with since it 's all a great big hoax :
“ All this stems , this carbon capture , all this other stuff , it stems back to a scare , generated years ago about global warming , ” said Rep. Stan Lee , a Republican from Fayette County . “ Finally it turned out there has n't been global warming in 15 or 20 years , then they changed the name to climate change. ” … [ Rep. ] Kevin Sinnette , a Democrat from Boyd County , complained that the discussion always seems to be about “ save the bees , save the trees ( and ) save the whales. ” They said climate has always been changing and the world adapts . “ The dinosaurs died , ” they said . “ The world adjusted . ”
To quote the Wonkette blog , “ No explanation was provided by Representative Sinnette as to how it is any comfort to humanity if we are the ones that go extinct . ”
( The committee , by the way , is co-chaired by Democrat Jim Gooch , a climate change denier himself . )
But all of that was just a prelude to the unbelievable claim made by Sen. Smith to an official from the Energy and Environment Cabinet :
“ I do n't see you as being one of the enemies . I know you 've got a very tough job to do . As you sit there in your chair with your data , we sit up here in ours with our data and the constituents and stuff behind us . I do n't want to get into the debate about climate change , but I will simply point out that I think in academia , we all agree that the temperature on Mars is exactly as it is here . Nobody will dispute that . Yet there are no coal mines on Mars . There are no factories on Mars that I 'm aware of . So I think what we 're looking at is something much greater than what we 're gon na do . ”
I 'll repeat that : The temperature on Mars is the same as the temperature on Earth — no one will dispute that — but we do n't regulate coal mines and factories on Mars , so why are we bothering with that on Earth ? We 're all part of academia here , amirite ? !
I guess we 're all part of academia in the same way MIT and Liberty University are both colleges…
Just to point out the obvious , the average temperature on Earth is about 61° Fahrenheit . Mars , on the other hand , is -80° Fahrenheit . ( I 'm sure Smith just rounded that 140° difference down to 0 . ) And if you look at long-term trends , the temperature on Earth has indeed been rising .
Phil Plait also adds some sanity to the mix :
Ironically , if Mars ever did have the same temperature as Earth , it would be due to global warming from the greenhouse effect . The atmosphere of the Red Planet is less than 1 percent as thick as Earth 's , but it 's mostly carbon dioxide . That gas raises the planet 's temperature a few degrees . On Earth , given our distance from the Sun and other factors , the average temperature should hover around freezing . Thanks to greenhouse gases like CO 2 , it 's far more clement… but since we 're adding huge amounts of carbon dioxide to our air , it wo n't stay that way for much longer .
What 's scary is that Brandon Smith has been in office for a while now , as LEO Weekly ‘ s Joe Sonka reminds us :
… Smith is an actual elected official in Kentucky 's state Senate , who has been elected to this position twice by real Kentucky voters , and served four terms in the House before that .
He 's the Majority Whip in the Senate , too , a position of at least some power . And , as we are well aware of now , he 's on a committee dealing with the environment despite thinking that climate change is a hoax due entirely to numbers they pulled out of their ass .
( Thanks to Kathleen for the link )
Image caption There is now less risk of treading on something unpleasant
A Taiwanese city is keeping dog mess off its streets by offering prizes to owners who clear up after their pets .
Officials in New Taipei City say that more than 4,000 people have collected 14,500 bags of excrement . For each bag they turned in , they were given a lottery ticket .
A woman in their 50s won the top prize - a gold ingot worth $ 2,200 ( £1,400 ) .
The scheme was due to end in October , but officials said it had been so successful it had been extended .
The BBC 's Cindy Sui in Taipei says that it has been credited with halving the amount of dog mess in the city , which is near the capital .
Dog poo is a health hazard because it contains bacteria that can cause severe stomach upsets if ingested , including a roundworm infection called toxocariasis which is especially dangerous to children .
As the scheme - which began in August - grew more successful , more prizes were added .
On Wednesday some of the winners were picked . The woman who won is among a team of neighbourhood volunteers who already helped to clean up the streets , including by picking up dog mess .
Smaller gold ingots , worth several hundred dollars , were given to four other prizewinners . A total of 85 people won prizes , including household appliances .
City officials told the BBC they did not know whether the collectors were dog owners who were suddenly motivated by gold to be more responsible or whether they were other citizens who simply wanted to win .
Now that the programme has ended , officials say that they hope people will have developed the habit of picking up dog mess .
They say the city simply can not afford to keep exchanging dog poo for gold .
It 's not a mystery , every state despite the spending review on the military budget is continuing to reserve consistent investment in cybersecurity , in particular majority of states is pushing research and development activities on both defense and offense cyber capabilities .
US is one of the most advanced country in cyber warfare , the US Government was one of the first to recognize the importance of operations in the cyberspace and the necessity to consider it as the fifth domain of warfare .
Since now the estimations on US expenses in cyber operations were estimates of the leading experts in the field but for the first time The Pentagon has detailed $ 30 million in spending on Air Force cyberattack operations and new Army funding .
With the public disclosure of the budget for cyber operations US , in particular the Defense Department , desires to provide to national taxpayer 's evidence of effort spent in what is being considered a critical component of the modern military .
The public opinion is dedicating even more wide space to news related cybersecurity and to the risks related to a cyberattack against critical infrastructures of a country , the government with the announcement desire to inform their population on its network assault programs and of course to launch a warning to those who intend to attack the country from cyberspace .
The Pentagon revealed the intent to constitute and fund new staff dedicated to offensive cyber operations for the exploitation of opponent networks and infrastructures .
This week is circulated the document titled “ Fiscal Year ( FY ) 2014 Budget Estimates – OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIR FORCE ” to explain how US intends to invest the money , lets ' go to analyze in detail the amount of money reserved by the US Administration .
The Air Force in fiscal 2014 will reserve $ 19.7 million on “ offensive cyber operations , ” the expense will support operative cyber operations , personnel training and research and development activities . In cyber warfare scenario a crucial role is played by cyber tools used to exploit opponent 's structures so US estimate needing $ 9.8 million for development of new cyber tools to use in cyber operations .
The Pentagon proposed also the hiring of new personnel , 65 units , to dedicate to the cyber missions , the mission assigned to Cyber Command is critical because it is responsible to deflect incoming assaults from cyberspace against critical infrastructures of the country .
Of course part of the funds will be dedicated to Defense Cyber Operations to protect data and infrastructures of the country from cyberattacks , sabotage and cyber espionage .
Following a portion of the “ Summary of funding Increases and Decreases ” related to the “ cyber commitment ” :
Transfers In
Transfers Out
Nextgov portal reported the US government chose to divulge this information “ because cyber offense will be a standard line item from now on and the public needs to understand what it is paying for . ”
To those taxpayers that as justification for the investments in cyberspace while defense budget is undercutting Air Force spokesperson Maj. Eric Badger replied :
“ We are committed to maintaining the right balance of integrated cyber capabilities and forces that are organized , equipped and trained to successfully conduct operations in cyberspace . We 're equally committed to doing so in a way that 's respectful of the taxpayers ' dollar , ” “ We know the Air Force 's capabilities in cyber are going to continue to be touchstones for the whole joint team , the whole of government and for the private sector , ” the official added .
According Nextgov further $ 4.9 million will be dedicated to the development of “ computer network exploitation ” and “ computer network attack ” capabilities .
Of course no shortage of controversy for military spending , analysts accused the government of excessive and duplicated hacking investments . Todd Harrison , senior fellow for defense budget studies at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments accuses the dispersion in cyberattack spending to fund different commands within US army :
“ Do we really want each service going off and developing their own capabilities for these threats ? ” questioned “ How much redundancy are we building across the services in the areas of cyber ? What is unique to the Army ? ” “ Maybe it 's time to give Cyber Command more budget authority , ” Harrison said .
Other military experts said the services might be giving away these details to ward off potential foes on the Internet .
I will not go into the merits of the distribution of spending and allocation of responsibilities for operations in cyberspace , but I believe that investment in cybersecurity is crucial for the cyber strategy of each country … Probably the funds allocated are still too small compared to the need for cybersecurity .
Pierluigi Paganini
( Security Affairs – Cyber warfare )
Share this ...
Linkedin Reddit Pinterest
Share On
Last week , Jon Kyl ( WATB-AZ ) wrote :
It 's not a surprise that a recent Rasmussen poll found that 45 percent of Americans want to cancel the rest of the stimulus spending . I agree .
They then went on MTP and said the same thing . So the White House took them up on it .
No fewer than four Cabinet secretaries wrote to Arizona Gov . Jan Brewer — also a Republican — to ask them if they agreed with Kyl that it was time to turn off the state 's stimulus spigot . “ If you prefer to forfeit the money we are making available to your state , as Sen. Kyl suggests , please let me know , ” wrote Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . For good measure , they attached a three-page addendum listing each of the Arizona projects paid for by the $ 521 million the state is getting .
And what happens when you smack bullies in the face ? They cry like babies .
“ The governor is hopeful that these federal Cabinet officials are not threatening to deny Arizona citizens the portion of federal stimulus funds to which they are entitled , ” their spokesperson said in a statement .
I guess we 're to assume that Kyl meant they wanted the stimulus cut off everywhere but Arizona . Just like Cantor . Just like Boehner .
How 'bout some cheese with that whine , Jon ?
It 's unfortunate that President Obama and their administration seem unwilling to debate the merits of the stimulus bill and acknowledge its shortcomings . Instead , they have resorted to coordinated political attacks with the Democratic National Committee and the politicization of departments of government by using cabinet secretaries to issue thinly veiled threats to the Governor and the people of Arizona .
So which is it , Senator ? You want to cancel the stimulus or do n't you ?
Put up or shut up .
Introduction
First things first : if the world urgently needs to stop burning fossil fuels and quickly transition to a carbon free economy -- the message of an overwhelming consensus among climate scientists -- then the Paris agreement disappoints . Right before nearly two hundred world leaders gathered for December 's Conference of the Parties ( COP 21 ) , UN scientists reckoned that taken together , the pledges for carbon cuts brought to France would lead to , at best , a 2.7 degrees C increase in global temperatures over pre-industrial levels , a recipe for disaster . ( Note 1 ) . Consider the effects already felt around the world with the present 0.8 degrees C increase . If emissions are left unchecked , predictions are for 4.5 degrees C by 2100 with outcomes only imaginable by Hollywood screenwriters .
At the same time , the Summit signals that the Age of Clean Energy has dawned . The sun of this new epoch must climb to its zenith quickly .
- Advertisement -
The Good
The fact that an agreement of any sort emerged from Paris is an accomplishment in itself . Pitfalls on the road to agreement were abundant ; the summit nearly collapsed at several junctures over the thorniest issues . Fundamental features of the agreement include , for the first time , a commitment from developing nations to take climate action . Rich countries reaffirmed ( again ) their greater responsibility for climate instability and remedies for it .
Among the most important issues at the summit concerned the ceiling for global average temperature increase . Heading into Paris , there was broad consensus that it ought to be 2 degrees C. Small island states were catalysts for the thirty-one page Paris accord that seeks to hold `` the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2 degreesC above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degreesC above pre-industrial levels , recognizing that this would significantly reduce the risks and impacts of climate change '' ( Article 2 ) .
- Advertisement -
Supporters of periodic reviews of emissions cut pledges -- with the near certainty that new science will require that reduction targets ratchet upward -- also won . Signatories must assess progress in 2018 , and must rejigger their promised cuts every five years starting in 2020 ( p. 4 ) . To guard against cheating , the agreement mandates protocols for measuring , reporting and verifying emissions . Questions remain about the transparency of this process ; negotiators left the details to be sorted out at this year 's COP .
The Bad
Negotiators merely tipped their hats toward climate justice rather than fully embrace a concept that should undergird preparations for a warmer world . They had the opportunity to enshrine the principle of a `` just transition '' for workers displaced by construction of a green economy in an early draft of the agreement . It ended up in the preamble of the final document , which became a dumping ground for an array of protections , including `` human rights , the right to health , the rights of indigenous peoples , local communities , migrants , children , persons with disabilities and people in vulnerable situations and the right to development , as well as gender equality , empowerment of women and intergenerational equity '' ( p. 21 ) . The text also recognized the value of indigenous knowledge in coming to grips with climate chaos . Lacking the prominence preferred by climate justice campaigners , the inclusion of their concerns invites future action to strengthen the accord .
While recognizing the differential responsibilities of rich and poor countries for the changing climate , there 's no requirement in the Paris text for developed nations to move to zero emissions over the next couple decades , a necessity to meet the 1.5 degrees C goal . Climate justice advocates also demand protections for low-income energy users during the transition to clean energy . One study suggests energy burdens be capped at six percent of household income , solar electricity be made universally available , and dwellings be weatherized . ( Note 2 ) .
Article 6 of the agreement retains the unfortunate `` carbon offset '' option established in the Kyoto Protocol . Offsets permit rich countries and corporations to keep polluting while paying poor countries to store the carbon . It 's a dodge of direct responsibility and a strong inducement for corruption ( get paid to protect a forest but then proceed to cut it down ) .
Climate diplomats are not yet thinking in terms of a `` carbon budget , '' the idea that there 's only so much carbon the world can burn before the point of no return , even though the UN 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) calculated one several years ago . ( Note 3 ) Divvying up what still can be consumed -- considering how early industrializers constrained the carbon space of late industrializers -- would focus attention on clean energy deployment like nothing else .
- Advertisement -
Rich countries promised $ 100 billion per year by 2020 for mitigation and adaptation projects in poor countries ( similar to a promise they made in Copenhagen in 2009 ) . UN climate chief Christiana Figueres referred to the figure as `` peanuts . '' Indeed , Ceres suggests ten times that amount is needed to keep warming beneath the too high 2 degrees C. ( Note 4 ) More important is to spend the tens of trillions of dollars slated for infrastructure investments over the next fifteen years -- mostly in the developing world -- on green energy and transport systems .
The Ugly
The greatest weakness of the Paris accord is the absence of legally binding reduction targets . Should a country fail to meet its pledge , there will be no official consequences . This failure -- inevitable due to the power of climate deniers in the US Senate -- is all the more unsettling given the scale of the task before us .
To stay at or below 1.5 degrees C , global emissions must decline precipitously by the end of the century . Considering that rich countries are overwhelmingly responsible for the climate mess , they will need to near zero emissions much sooner , likely before 2050 .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Pamela Somerville told the BBC in September that they were `` manhandled and dragged across the floor ''
A police officer has been jailed for six months after they were caught on CCTV throwing a woman into a cell , badly injuring them
The footage also shows Sgt Mark Andrews dragging Pamela Somerville , 59 , through Melksham police station in Wiltshire .
Andrews , 37 , was convicted of causing their actual bodily harm . They have been suspended from duty and will face a police misconduct hearing .
Patrick Geenty , from Wiltshire Police , said they were `` a disgrace '' to the force .
Ms Somerville was arrested in July 2008 after being found asleep in their car .
They had been detained for failing to provide a sample for a breath test but denied any wrongdoing . The Crown Prosecution Service said the charges were later dropped due to insufficient evidence .
This was a disgraceful incident which breached the standards of care which every police officer gives to the public Deputy District Judge Peter Greenfield
Ms Somerville was taken to the Royal United Hospital in Bath after the attack and needed stitches to a gash above them eye .
Andrews was found guilty on 13 July after a trial at Oxford Magistrates ' Court .
Passing sentence , Deputy District Judge Peter Greenfield said Andrews had abused their position of trust and only a custodial sentence was appropriate .
'Let colleagues down '
They said : `` In my view , you presided over an atmosphere of bullying and intimidation upon Ms Somerville which culminated in the cell later that morning .
`` I regard that a gross breach of trust placed upon you by Ms Somerville .
`` I consider that right thinking members of the public will be appalled and totally saddened by your actions as a police officer . ''
Speaking outside court , the assistant chief constable of Wiltshire Police , Patrick Geenty , apologised for what the judge said was a `` gross breach of trust '' .
`` This was a disgraceful incident which breached the standards of care which every police officer gives to the public .
`` There is no place in Wiltshire Police for an officer like this . I fully support the comments of the judge and the sentence that they have handed down today .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Pamela Somerville : `` I was just flopped around and thrown around ''
`` The officer let the public down , they let their colleagues down and they have let themselves down . They were a disgrace .
`` I am proud of the officer who came forward and reported them to their supervisor .
`` That officer upholds the standards of the service that we all expect . ''
Andrews was suspended on full pay following their conviction and is expected to lose their job .
Their lawyer , Jeremy Barton , said they would be appealing against the sentence .
Mr Barton said Andrews had received death threats and that the stress from the court case had put their family under great strain .
`` Right from the very outset , he 's expressed sorrow for the injuries that they received while in their custody , '' they said .
At a live diggnation show at SXSW , Kevin Rose claimed that the new iPhone 3.0 software update will include support for copy and paste .
With Apple 's scheduled presentation on the iPhone 3.0 software update just 2 days away , the rumors about what the update will have are piling up . One of the more interesting , and perhaps credible , rumors comes from Digg co-founder Kevin Rose who recently said at a live Diggnation taping that the new iPhone 3.0 software will support Copy and Paste . ( Insert applause here ) .
And how will Copy and Paste work ? According to Rose ,
You double-click on a word .. you double tap on a word , and it brings up the magnifying glass , and it has 2 quotes on the end , and you drag the quotes around the [ section ] that you want to copy ..
Seems simple enough . One issue that comes to mind , though , is how the phone will differentiate between double taps intended to initiate a cut or paste , and those intended to zoom in on a webpage ?
Rose also mentioned that there wo n't be any support for running apps in the background . But one of the more interesting tidbits from Rose 's source was that “ everything that the Palm Pre software had on Apple has now gone away. ” Interesante mi amigos . The Palm Pre looks really slick , and it 'll be interesting to see which features from the Palm Pre Apple has chosen to include in the latest iPhone software update .
Rose 's track record regarding Apple rumors has generally been hit or miss , so take the above report with a grain of salt . I , however , am inclined to believe it . The Palm Pre has been getting lots of good press lately , and many are touting it as a worthy competitor to the iPhone , in part because it has features that the iPhone currently lacks , namely cut and paste and the ability to multitask . Apple has repeatedly stated that it views the iPhone as a software platform , and as such , significant upgrades to the iPhone OS are inevitable . Apple would n't have a big iPhone media event unless it had big news to deliver , and cut and paste definitely fits the bill . The only other question is what other tricks Apple might have up its sleeve . Earlier this week , Boy Genius Report said that support for MMS messaging and tethering will also be included in the new iPhone OS .
Anyways , check out this video clip from Diggnation and see for yourself .
India now has its sights set on low-budget missions to land on the moon and study the sun after becoming the first country in Asia to reach Mars , the head of its space agency said Tuesday .
Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) chairperson K. Radhakrishnan speaks during an interview with an AFP reporter in New Delhi on November 11 , 2014
India has been swelling with pride since winning the continent 's race to Mars in September when its unnamed Mangalyaan spacecraft slipped into the Red Planet 's orbit after a 10-month journey on a shoestring budget .
The mission , designed to search for evidence of life on Mars , sparked mass celebrations which were especially sweet as India also became the only country to reach the planet on its first attempt .
Buoyed by the success , Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) chairperson K.S Radhakrishnan said the agency was forging ahead with plans to land an unnamed craft on the moon , along with a satellite to study the sun .
`` The aim is three years from now , an Indian lander and Indian rover will land on the moon , '' they told AFP .
`` We have a programme to study the sun that is by putting a satellite into the sun-Earth Lagrangian point , '' they said , referring to the position where the satellite , held by the pair 's gravitational pull , can orbit with them .
China completed its first return mission to the moon last month with the successful re-entry and landing of an unmanned probe , but Radhakrishnan played down talk of a space-age rivalry between the world 's two most populous countries .
`` We do n't race with any country . We have our own priorities , '' they added .
But Radhakrishnan did acknowledge India was `` certainly '' eyeing a greater slice of the $ 300-billion global space market , by making and launching communication , weather , navigational and other satellites for foreign countries .
The Mars mission highlighted India 's launch vehicle , called the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle ( PSLV ) , which has long been in `` high demand '' from countries needing their satellites blasted into orbit .
`` We have launched 40 satellites for other countries , 19 countries have used the PSLV , '' Radhakrishnan said .
ISRO this year successfully tested a second vehicle , called the Geostationary Satellite Launch Vehicle ( GSLV ) , capable of launching heavier satellites that countries are clamouring to have fired into space .
`` At the moment there are no contracts ( for the GSLV ) but discussions are going on , '' they said in an interview in New Delhi .
India ranks among the top six space-faring nations in technological capabilities -- after the US , Russia , the European Space Agency , Japan and China , the chairperson said .
- Shoestring budget -
But ISRO manages to compete with the big boys on a tiny budget , with the Mars mission costing just $ 74 million .
`` If you look at the expenditure , we use 7.5 percent of what ( the US space agency ) NASA spends on space research , '' the chairperson said .
ISRO has helped keep costs down in part by using a myriad of Indian companies to help build its space programme , with nearly 122 local firms assisting on the Mars mission .
India has come a long way since it began its space programme half a century ago when it set up the first rocket launch pad in a field in the southern state of Kerala . A church in a fishing village was the agency 's main office .
The chairperson said the agency was reaping the benefits of years of hard work , after sticking to its `` mantra of self reliance '' rather than relying on other countries for assistance .
Western sanctions were slapped on India after it staged a nuclear weapons test in 1974 .
ISRO also remained committed to its national mandate of benefitting the `` common man '' - for example by launching Indian satellites that help with weather projections and disaster management - in a country with tens of millions of poor .
`` Twenty-two years we worked on it ( a launch vehicle for satellites and other craft ) and we got it . We adapted and we improved , '' they told a group of defence experts on Tuesday .
`` It was not a soft route , it was the hard route . ''
Every time I hear a national sportswriter cite Tiger Stadium as one of the hardest places to play , I scoff a little bit . Every time I hear an LSU fan or student say it , it takes everything I have not to tell them that 's bullshit .
But it is . Unless the opposing team is Alabama or Ole Miss , LSU 's student section , the heart of Death Valley , is a joke . Are they loud against other teams ? Yeah , for a quarter , and then it 's time to go to Fred 's .
Let me say that I am not one to think things were better “ back in the day ” , in fact I am always highly critical of that “ le wrong generation ” line of thinking . But it 's true . I grew up around stories of how you could smell bourbon on the field and how a full game in the same stadium a quarter of it 's current capacity was akin to sticking your head in front of a jet engine for three hours . I 've been there in 2003 . I 've been there in 2006 . I 've been there in 2007 . I 've been there in 2010 . The student section I currently sit in is not the same student section that I experienced in the past .
I just do n't get leaving the game early . You paid for a ticket and that ticket allots you four quarters of football at a minimum . Why would you leave early and not maximize your investment ? Fred 's is still going to be there after the game , I promise . And it 's going to be there for the other six nights of the week as well . You only get so many home games as a student , do you really want to spend most of it at a bar that you could otherwise bless your presence literally any other day of the week ?
And I get it . Gamedays are social events to the core . From tailgates to Tigerland , it 's all just one big reason to binge drink and to dress to the nines ( or not ) and be social . But at the heart of it , the actual game is what brings you out , at least try to act like it .
LSU went to the half tied at 10 with Southern Miss . LSU was n't playing bad , they literally only had four possessions in the half , Southern Miss just played keep-away to the best of their abilities . The game was never seriously in doubt . But still , the mass exodus at half time cut the actual attendance in half . Of a tied game . Yes LSU would go on to blow out the Eagles , but it was n't because the crowd had any negative influence against Southern Miss . Coach O would later make a subtle jab at the sparse crowd .
And when they are staying for games , they 're getting a song that players and fans love banned because they can not refrain from singing altered lyrics that read like a middle schooler who just learned a new group of curse words .
No , seriously , think about the new lyrics to Neck and imagine your middle school self singing it to your friend in the P.E . locker room . It got banned because of that .
The frustrating thing about this is that it is n't a new complaint . People have been lamenting this for years now , I 'm just here to call bullshit on the claims that LSU is the best . We do n't deserve that distinction .
And it 's the same ones that are leaving early that are cursing Bama for being better than us . The “ come to school here ” chant directed at prospects kind of loses merit when the people that are asking them to do that before the game are not in the stadium for the end of it . If you ca n't support the team for an entire game , why should the recruits listen to you ?
Answer : they should n't , because you are a representation of everything that is wrong with the LSU fan base .
This weekend is an LSU fan 's wet dream .
Ole Miss .
Tiger Stadium .
Night , 8:00 at that .
Not a threat of rain at all .
LSU students , you have a chance to make Tiger Stadium legendary again this weekend . Get oiled up before the game . Do n't show Ole Miss how to party , out-party them with ruthless abandon . Get to the game , and let the valley shake again . Let it shake until there are zeros on the clock and the Alma Mater has been sung . And then you are free revel in the bar of your choosing .
This is a new era of LSU football and that allows us to get back to our old ways , the ways that made us famous and feared throughout the land .
Please , prove me wrong .
In B.C. , public and media attention has been focused on water pricing and Nestlé 's water takings . In February , the B.C . government released water rates which ranged from $ 0.02 to $ 2.25 . The rates , which take effect January 1 , 2016 when the new Water Sustainability Act comes into force , are the lowest across any of the provinces in Canada .
There has been an overwhelming amount of public backlash against the low rates , particularly with Nestlé only being required to pay $ 2.25 per million litres , a total of roughly $ 600 per year for the 265 million litres they draw from a well in Hope .
( Photo of Fraser River in Hope , B.C. , CC BY-NC-SA 2.0 Junichi Ishito modified )
After SumOfUs and the WaterWealth Project delivered over 225,000 signatures for a petition calling for increased water rates , the B.C . government surprisingly agreed to review the water rates .
The increased public awareness about Nestlé 's and other water takings is incredible and it is encouraging to see the B.C . government respond to public opposition .
However , while there are key strengths and major improvements in the Water Sustainability Act ( WSA ) , including the start of regulating ground water , there are parts of the act that are still very problematic . The WSA could end up prioritizing permits held by fracking , mining or bottled water companies like Nestlé over municipalities , small farmers or other community water uses because it is still based on the 'first in time first in right ' ( FITFIR ) system . The permits that will be issued to groundwater users will be for an indefinite period of time . And this is where the risk of NAFTA , the Canada-EU Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement ( CETA ) or other trade agreements comes into play .
FITFIR , indefinite water permits and NAFTA
Andrew Gage , a lawyer from West Coast Environmental Law , recently wrote that “ there is room to increase water rates dramatically without running afoul of NAFTA or other trade agreements. ” They argue for getting the price right now and adds that , “ Arguably it is only once the water pricing structure is legally enshrined that future changes might amount to an `` expropriation '' worthy of compensation . ”
Despite several improvements of the Water Sustainability Act , it still contains FITFIR as a way of allocating water which gives priority to the oldest licence , regardless of the purpose of the water takings . On the WSA website , the B.C . government notes , `` During times of water scarcity , licences with the earlier priority dates are entitled to take their full allocation of water over the junior licences . '' It is unclear which water users will get water permits first when the WSA comes into force in January 2016 . However , if fracking , mining or bottled water companies like Nestlé get earlier permits than municipalities , small scale farmers or other community water users , we could see a scenario where the former permits are honored while the latter water users are told they ca n't draw water .
Water permits will also be for an indefinite period of time . The WSA notes there could be a review after 30 years but there is no requirement in the Act that a review occur , only that no review will occur before 30 years . The fact that several regions in B.C . are under drought restrictions should raise red flags about the province issuing indefinite water permits to bottled water , fracking or mining companies .
And here is where the risk of NAFTA , the Canada-EU Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement or other trade agreements comes into play . If the B.C . government has to revoke any of these permits down the road because of increased drought conditions , these companies could launch a trade challenge and sue for compensation .
Community consent
Today , most of B.C . is on unceded Indigenous territory . Several clauses relate to water protection in the UN Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous Peoples . Article 32 ( 2 ) specifically notes : “ States shall consult and cooperate in good faith with the indigenous peoples concerned through their own representative institutions in order to obtain their free and informed consent prior to the approval of any project affecting their lands or territories and other resources , particularly in connection with the development , utilization or exploitation of mineral , water or other resources. ” The B.C . government must obtain free , prior and informed consent for every water taking permit that is on Indigenous territory .
In Ontario , a public comment period is triggered for every application for a Permit to Take Water . The Environmental Registry in Ontario posts information on proposed new laws , regulations , policies and programs as well as air and water permits . Ontarians can submit comments on permit applications or proposed changes . B.C . also needs a public comment process for all water takings to better engage people in B.C . to ensure they are properly informed and consent to water takings in their watershed and the rest of the province .
Should Nestlé , fracking and mining companies be allowed to withdraw water ?
Debbie Moore , president of Nestlé Waters Canada , has agreed that commercial and municipal groundwater users should pay their fair share in their recent opinion piece .
Yet we should be asking ourselves what industries should be allowed to withdraw water ? Do we want bottled water companies like Nestlé , fracking companies or other polluting industries withdrawing water in a province that is already experiencing drought ? By relying on water pricing to regulate industries , we are ignoring our responsibility to answer this question .
The District of Hope is already experiencing Level 4 drought conditions ( extremely dry ) . The Province reported that Nestlé 's well draws from an aquifer relied upon by about 6,000 nearby residents in Hope .
If we can learn anything from the water crisis in California , we should be limiting the type and amount of water withdrawals .
There are costs associated with water protection and community management of water though funding to implement the WSA should also come from tax revenue and increases in corporate taxes and not hinge solely on water fees . But we do not have to – and should not – consent to water being bottled and exported out of a region nor should we consent to water being used for polluting industries like fracking or tar sands development projects . For these industries , we do not have a drop to spare .
Water is a common , public trust and human right
Water is a common to be shared , protected , carefully managed and enjoyed by all who live around them , as Maude Barlow has explained . Surface and ground water should be declared a public trust which will require the government to protect water for a community 's reasonable use . Under a public trust doctrine , private water use would be subservient to the public interest . Water could not be appropriated or subordinated for private gain .
In July 2010 , the United Nations General Assembly confirmed the Human Right to Water and Sanitation . This internationally binding resolution must be recognized at every level of government . The recognition of water as a human right gives communities lacking access to clean drinking water a legal tool to exercise this right . It also provides legal recourse if a water source is damaged by industrial activities .
Our Water Future
The list of once-water rich regions now experiencing drought is getting longer . São Paulo , Brazil is experiencing severe water shortages despite Brazil once being one of the most water rich countries around the world . The California drought has made international headlines because people in California are being forced to reduce their water use while bottled water , fracking and Big Agro companies continue to pump water . People in Taiwan , whose water has been handed over to the global electronics industry , are also being asked to reduce their water use .
Drought puts a spotlight on the power dynamics that exist within a community and globally and exacerbates them . It can allocate access to water along race , class , gender and other divisions . Canada and all provinces need a water governance system that addresses these power dynamics .
Maude Barlow recently wrote , “ ﻿We humans have used the planet 's fresh water for our pleasure and profit , and created an industrial model of development based on conquering nature . It is time to see water as the essential element of an ecosystem that gives life to us all , and that we must protect with vigor and determination . We need to change our relationship to water , and do it quickly . We must do everything in our power to heal and restore the planet 's watersheds and waterways . ”
They add , “ In practice , this means we need a new ethic that puts water and its protection at the center of all of the laws and policies we enact . The world would be a very different place if we always asked how our water practices – everything from trading across borders to growing food and producing energy – affect our most valuable resource . ”
Therefore , while we applaud the advances made in the WSA such as Water Sustainability Plans and the consideration of environmental flows , here are some additional points and changes we would like to see included in the Act before it comes into force in January :
Scrap the First In Time First In Right provision in which older water-taking permits take priority over new permits ; give priority to household and community use
Limit the length of the water permits from one to five years depending on the purpose
Recognize Indigenous rights and title as flight attendants of their territories
Base the WSA on water as a human right , commons and public trust
Properly regulate large-scale water users and charge appropriate fees for their water-takings
Ban or limit water takings from the bottled water industry and water-intensive industries such as fracking and certain types of mining ( a plan to transition off of fossil fuels and extreme energy sources must be developed outside of the Water Sustainability Act and include a strategy to develop green jobs )
Recognize a community 's right to refuse a project that abuses or pollutes their water
Create a public comment process to all water taking permits , similar to the Ontario Environmental Registry , and ensure comments are incorporated in the final decision
These additional changes must be included in the WSA in order to ensure that water is properly protected for our ecosystems , wildlife and generations to come .
The Yaphank Haunted Trail had been a staple at the Yaphank Presbyterian Church for years . I had been a part of it as a performer in 2000-2002 and as producer and director in 2003 and 2004 . It continued for a few years after my departure before closing down permanently in 2008 . I am looking to bring it back to the Yaphank area and provide them with very affordable Halloween fun . What sets us apart from other haunted attractions in the area is that for your $ 8 or $ 10 dollars you get a 20-25 minute walk through the woods with terror around every turn as opposed to paying $ 20 for a 3 minute walk through a `` haunted house '' . We are asking for donations to help us rebuild the sets needed for the scenes in the woods , purchase costumes and makeup as well as props as well as for materials to create singage to post around town promoting us . The Trail will take place at the Yaphank Presbyterian Church on Main Street in Yaphank on Friday and Saturdays nights in October : 11 , 12 , 18 , 19 , 25 , 26 from 7pm-11pm .
Published on Oct 25 , 2009
Metro Station 's official music video for 'Shake It ' . Click to listen to Metro Station on Spotify : http : //smarturl.it/MSSpot ? IQid=MSSI
As Featured on Metro Station . Click to buy the track or album via iTunes : http : //smarturl.it/MSMSiTunes ? IQid=MSSI
Google Play : http : //smarturl.it/MSSIPlay ? IQid=MSSI
Amazon : http : //smarturl.it/MSMSAm ? IQid=MSSI
More From Metro Station
They Like Girls : https : //youtu.be/fymYFDiM0Q8
Love & War : https : //youtu.be/c2kzAgmFpZk
Last Christmas : https : //youtu.be/UlyktSaH4y4
Follow Metro Station
Website : http : //www.metrostationmusic.com/
Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/metrostation
Twitter : https : //twitter.com/metrostation
Instagram : https : //instagram.com/metrostationmusic/
Subscribe to Metro Station on YouTube : http : //smarturl.it/MSSub ? IQid=MSSI
More great Ultimate Hits of The Noughties here : http : //smarturl.it/Ultimate00 ? IQid=MSSI
-- -- -- -- -
Lyrics :
Now , if they do it like this
Will you do it like that ?
Now , if they touch like this
Will you touch them right back ?
Now , if they move like this
Will you move it like that ?
Come on
Shake , shake , shake , shake , shake it
Shake , shake , shake , shake , shake it
Shake , shake , shake , shake , shake it
Shake , shake , shake , shake , shake it
Shake , shake , shake , shake , shake it
# MetroStation # ShakeIt # Vevo # Indie # OfficialMusicVideo
Anonymous sources speaking to Reuters said late Thursday that Edward Snowden was able to collect all the material that he 's been leaking over the past few months by convincing “ 20 to 25 ” of their coworkers to hand over their login credentials and passwords .
Snowden , the former NSA contractor who was stationed in Hawaii before escaping to Hong Kong and then Russia after they disclosed confidential information , used their coworkers ' logins to access at least some of the documents that have drawn international attention to the nefarious activities of the spy agency they worked for .
The employees who allegedly gave Snowden their login information “ were identified , questioned , and removed from their assignments , ” according to Reuters , quoting “ a source close to several US government investigations into the damage caused by the leaks. ” Snowden apparently told their fellow employees that the credentials “ were needed for them to do their job as a computer systems administrator . ”
As Ars noted last month , the NSA base in Hawaii where Snowden worked had also failed to install an “ anti-leak ” software program built by Raytheon , which the agency had purchased for its outposts nationwide to prevent an “ insider threat. ” And back in 2009 , Snowden 's superiors at their former post with the CIA sent them home from Geneva because they suspected they `` was trying to break into classified computer files to which they were not authorized to have access . ”
While it is unclear whether the coworkers who gave Snowden access to their credentials were fired or simply given other duties , it seems obvious that there was a culture of naivety among contractors at the Hawaii post .
As Steven Aftergood , a secrecy expert with the Federation of American Scientists , told Reuters , `` In the classified world , there is a sharp distinction between insiders and outsiders . If you 've been cleared and especially if you 've been polygraphed , you 're an insider and you are presumed to be trustworthy . ”
Reuters ' sources also said that US government officials believe they know how much data Snowden could have accessed , but they are not sure of the full scope of what they did access . Needless to say , there will almost certainly be many more leaks coming down the line .
The Saskatoon Mothers ' Centre is launching a campaign to raise money after the health region cut its $ 25,000 grant .
“ We want to stay open . We 'll do whatever we can . That 's the bottom line here , ” said Mothers ' Centre board member Marjorie Beaucage .
The Mothers ' Centre , located on 20th Street in the Station 20 West building , hosts classes in sewing , cooking and breastfeeding . It 's a place for mothers to gather and socialize with their children and discuss parenting issues in a formal or informal setting .
The centre receives small grants and donations from multiple sources . Its biggest funder , however , was the Saskatoon Health Region . The SHR 's $ 25,000 grant had covered the centre 's rent and other expenses .
In recent months , the SHR cancelled its community grant program , leaving organizations scrambling for funding . Without a new source of cash , the Mothers ' Centre will be forced to move out or close , Beaucage said .
Riversdale-area businesses have agreed to sell flowers for $ 2 . The women in the centre 's popular sewing class are selling star blankets , scarves and other handmade items . As well , Tuesday will mark the start of a crowdfunding effort . The Mothers Helping Mothers campaign on the GoFundMe website will hopefully yield enough funds to pay the rent for another year , they said . Beaucage is confident the effort will be a success .
The health region and provincial government do n't realize the value of prevention services like those at the Mothers ' Centre , they added .
“ If mothers are learning to cook and breastfeed their kids , that will save the health system a lot of money in the long run , ” Beaucage said . “ I do n't know what they 're thinking . ”
I know nothing about football . I know what a football is and I did watch a game once , honest , but try and engage me on who scored what in the last Milk Cup and I will stare at you blankly .
The idea that all opinions are equally valid is palpable nonsense . My knowledge of the beautiful game could fill the inner circle of a pin-head . Should it therefore have as much merit as Gary Lineker 's ? Of course not . When it comes to football , chemistry , micro-biology and the economy of Tuvalu I am very happy to admit that I 'm ignorant .
Nowadays – that makes me an expert .
Over the last decade , the stock in stupidity and uninformed opinions has risen exponentially . Writing in their classic 1992 treatise The Flanshaw Infants * on the potential of the World Wide Web , futurologist Dr. Terence Dobson wrote : “ with too much information at their disposal , people ( might ) choose to take facts as given rather than question sources or open minds to the endless possibilities of knowledge and truth that the internet will provide . ”
Seven years later in 1999 social psychologists David Dunning and Justin Kruger carried out a study into the phenomenon of “ illusory superiority ” wherein people of low ability imagine themselves to be very good at something . The results were astounding . They concluded that :
“ In many cases , incompetence does not leave people disoriented , perplexed , or cautious . Instead , the incompetent are often blessed with an inappropriate confidence , buoyed by something that feels to them like knowledge . ”
The study was inspired in part by the case of a criminal who went around robbing banks with lemon juice on their face – because someone told them it made you invisible to surveillance cameras . Laugh if you like – and then type “ flat earth ” into Youtube .
1999 saw a huge growth in global internet usage and the theory was timely . Look around – the Dunning-Kruger effect is in evidence everywhere .
Tune into any talk radio shows any day of the week and you will have presenters inviting ordinary members of the public to opine on complex issues like global warming , or the crisis in Catalonia , or the best way to solve Brexit , or the ethics of genetic engineering . Sometimes of course a real expert might phone in – or someone may give a powerful testimony born out of personal experience – but a great deal of talk radio could be summarised as : ‘ people who know very little reinforcing other people 's prejudices with unreasoned arguments , based on hearsay in an unchallenged environment . '
On social media things are a whole lot worse . Twitter and Facebook have both made stars out of stupid . Donald Trump might be the first reality star President , but they are also the first Twitter Political Superstar . That is where their supporters meet ; it is where they concur it is where they look for validation of their idiotic viewpoints from other absurd twitter celebrities like Alex Jones .
If the 1930s was the age of Communism and Fascism we are now living in the era of ‘ Stupidism ' . As with those movements it has its Karl Marx figures , its evangelists and its exponents . The Uncle Jo Stalin of Stupid sits in the White House firing off ignorance in 140 character decrees while their Pravda-esque Breitbart and Fox News Network spread the creed . Truth was the first victim of the internet age – and every week facts and accuracy are carted off to the labour camps to join it .
Stupidism in its most populist form is a simple credo to understand . It has its slogans , its terms for enemies of the state of stupid , its own imagery and iconography .
Why bother with the reasons behind immigration into the United States when you can say “ let 's build a wall and make Mexico pay ! ” Why trouble yourself with understanding the EU and Britain 's intricate relationship when you can brand the whole thing the “ EUSSR ” call all those who support it “ snowflakes ” and add a crying emoji .
Stupidism is liberating . Stupid is easy . You do n't even have to read a book . In fact it is the first doctrine in history in which never having read a book is a requirement . Years of pent up rage bent double under that chip on your shoulder because you failed history GCSE can be washed away with the aid of 700k twitter followers reinforcing your witlessness .
Sure you were wrong – but if enough groupies say you are right then frankly who cares .
Inveterate tweeter Paul Watson may be the Trotsky of Stupid but in Britain at least – Katie Hopkins is its Lenin .
Katie Hopkins is tongue-tied . Katie Hopkins is uninformed . Katie Hopkins is not gifted with a sense of humour or an ability to write . They claim to be a patriot but works tirelessly to undermine the country . Is that what they think they are doing ? Probably not . I suspect Ms Hopkins imagines themselves to be of very high ability indeed .
And yet – here I am writing about them Katie Hopkins has prospered and continues to do so . She , along with Stupidism 's fellow travellers , has indeed got rich on the back of it . Stupidism is profitable because it reinforces and articulates the base ill-informed opinions of a very large segment of society . There is an eager market for it .
What can be done ?
I was talking to a bloke in the pub about this on Saturday and we both agreed that critical thinking should be taught as a compulsory core subject in schools . Neither of us are experts in the field and we both broadly agreed with each other so our opinion matters .
Until the children come and save us from this nightmare , it 's up to us all to fight it . Call out the stupid when you see it . Fight stupid and we will defeat it . There is a prevailing attitude that people like Hopkins or the ridiculous Paul Watson should “ be ignored and starved of oxygen ” or worse that we should listen to everybody – no matter how ill-informed they are . Do that and Stupidism will prosper .
* If you want to read more about The Flanshaw Infants ( and trust me you do ) by Dr. Terence Dobson – it 's here
President Donald Trump declared that the US saw Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and announced the US would move its Israeli embassy there—reversing decades of policy and removing any pretense of US neutrality in negotiating “ peace ” between Palestinians and Israelis .
Though both Congress and past presidents of both parties have supported the move in principle for decades , much of the US media establishment is now fretting about the Jerusalem announcement , continuing to push the illusion that a nebulous “ peace deal ” is still right around the next watchtower .
The American “ recognition ” of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital further entrenches and condones Israel 's occupation , ethnic cleansing and colonization of Palestinian land . But outlets like the New York Times , Washington Post and CBS , in editorials and straight reporting , downplayed and skirted matters of substance , reserving critical attention for questions of optics or process .
Thus the frame that dominated headlines as news of Trump 's announcement broke was not on the meaning of the move , but on potential reaction to it , specifically vague “ fears of violence ” from Palestinians and Muslims throughout the Middle East :
“ Fears of Violence Amid Talk of Recognizing Jerusalem as Israel 's Capital ” ( CBS News , 12/5/17 )
, 12/5/17 ) “ Trump 's Jerusalem Announcement Could Spark Violence , State Department Warns ” ( Daily Beast , 12/6/17 )
, 12/6/17 ) “ Warnings of Violence Ahead of Trump 's Jerusalem Embassy Move ” ( The Week , 12/6/17 )
, 12/6/17 ) “ Trump Says US Recognizes Jerusalem as Israel 's Capital , Despite Global Condemnation ; World Leaders Warned Trump That the Move Could Spark Violence and Would Create a Major Impediment to the Israeli/Palestinian Peace Process ” ( Politico , 12/6/17 )
Editorials in the Washington Post ( “ possibly trigger violence , including against Americans ” —12/6/17 ) and the New York Times ( “ perhaps inciting violence ” —12/5/17 ) used similar language . Neither opposed Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem nor Israel 's brutal , illegal occupation of East Jerusalem as such . Both had lots of Concerns™ and leveled minor critiques on process grounds ( the most popular being that the move could “ harm ” peace efforts ) , but neither of the two leading papers in the United States could bring themselves to condemn Trump for their radical departure from US policy and international law in and of itself .
This is often the case when it comes to Israel/Palestine : Media focus is on the reaction to injustice , not on the injustice itself . The illegality of Israel 's occupation of East Jerusalem is rarely mentioned . Nor is the fact that the United States is now virtually alone out of the 195 countries on Earth in recognizing Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , or that the city has been , and is still , designated by the United Nations as a corpus separatum since 1947 ; that is , a separate territory under international jurisdiction . ( The Economist—12/7/17—was one of the few who did point this out . ) Likewise ignored are the UN Security Council 's repeated condemnations of Israel 's 1967 annexation of East Jerusalem and its 1980 declaration of the city as its capital , on the grounds that “ acquisition of territory by military conquest is inadmissible . ”
The broader context of the 60-year military occupation is likewise out of the picture , along with the dozens of international laws Israel breaks on a daily basis . Many of these relate directly to Jerusalem , including the expulsion of residents from the occupied territory of East Jerusalem and the transfer of hundreds of thousands of colonists there since 1967 .
The primary focus is , instead , the possibility of “ fresh violence in the region , ” which evokes tropes of mindless Arab rage and barbarity . As Marya Hannun explained over at Slate ( 12/6/17 ) , when we center “ angry Arab ” cliches , we perpetuate the notion that violence is the alpha and omega of resistance :
There is also a more insidious message being sent by warnings about the potential for a “ third intifada ” in response to President Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem , one that has long haunted , not just the conflict over Palestine and Israel , but also other instances where human rights , civil rights and sovereignty are violated . When we focus on violence as the only preventive force against unjust policies , we reinforce the notion that violence is the only effective means of resistance . Perhaps more often than not , these assessments prove to be accurate , but it 's a dangerous game , and only aids those who see no point in working toward peace at all .
By leading with warnings of a “ Middle East on edge ” ( NBC News , 12/7/17 ) , where “ Palestinians Vent Their Anger ” ( New York Times , 12/7/17 ) and “ clashes escalate ” ( Washington Post , 12/7/17 ; BBC , 12/7/17 ) , the media double down on dangerous stereotypes , marginalize legitimate frustration and resistance , and obfuscate history in favor of the ever-convenient , shoulder-shrugging , “ they 'll just never get along ” narrative .
No mention of redoubling of efforts of the growing Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement , or other civil-society efforts to resist Israel aggression . No mention of calls for solidarity by Palestinian activists . A singular focus on violence ( albeit violence that , it should be noted , is sanctioned by international law ) reduces Palestinians to cartoon hotheads rather than a deeply disenfranchised population suffering decades of displacement , discrimination and occupation , while the most powerful country on the planet condones , funds and arms their continued dehumanization .
In May 1991 , Dr. Kenneth Kwong , a radiologist at Massachusetts General Hospital , became one of the first scientists to enjoy a new vision of the human brain . The experiment was simple : Kwong would show a subject some visual stimuli - such as a sequence of flashing red lights - and then monitor the brain to see how it reacted . To Kwong 's surprise , even a brief light show triggered a telltale pattern of activity in the visual cortex , as the brain processed the sensory information . `` It took a few months before I believed what I was seeing , '' Kwong remembers . `` I was actually watching the brain at work . '' This ability to peer inside the mind was made possible by a new technology known as fMRI , or functional magnetic resonance imaging . The technology quickly became one of the most popular tools of neuroscience . Last year , an average of eight peer-reviewed papers using fMRI were published per day , and more than 19,000 fMRI papers have been published in the last 15 years . The past few months have brought articles on everything from the neural substrate of sarcasm to the patterns of brain activation triggered by pornography . The technique is invading other fields as well , as psychologists , psychiatrists , philosophers , and even economists increasingly rely on these powerful machines . The brain scan image - a silhouette of the skull , highlighted with bright splotches of primary color - has also become a staple of popular culture , a symbol of how scientific advances are changing the way we think about ourselves . For the first time in human history , the black box of the mind has been flung wide open , allowing researchers to search for the cortical source for every flickering thought . The expensive scanners can even decode the hidden urges of the unconscious , revealing those secret feelings that we hide from ourselves . The machine , in other words , knows more about you than you do : It 's like a high-tech window into the soul . `` These [ fMRI ] images get people excited in a way that other research just does n't , '' says Kelly Joyce , a sociologist at the College of William & Mary . `` The pictures have a tremendous authority , not only among scientists but among people who might just glance at a brain scan picture in a newspaper . '' In recent weeks , however , several high-profile papers have ignited a fierce debate over whether brain scanners are being widely misused and their results over-interpreted . Some eminent figures in the field have taken issue with the metaphors typically used to describe brain imaging , criticizing descriptions of scanners that rely on what Joyce refers to as the `` myth of transparency . '' The scanners , they say , excel at measuring certain types of brain activity , but are also effectively blind when it comes to the detection of more subtle aspects of cognition . As a result , the pictures that seem so precise are often deeply skewed snapshots of mental activity . Furthermore , one of the most common uses of brain scanners - taking a complex psychological phenomenon and pinning it to a particular bit of cortex - is now being criticized as a potentially serious oversimplification of how the brain works . These critics stress the interconnectivity of the brain , noting that virtually every thought and feeling emerges from the crosstalk of different areas spread across the cortex . If fMRI is a window into the soul , these scientists say , then the glass is very , very dirty .
`` There are so many bad brain imaging studies , it 's hard to believe , '' says Nikos K. Logothetis , director of the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics in Germany . `` Too many of these experiments are being done by people who , unfortunately , do n't really understand what the technology can and can not do . '' Logothetis and others believe that much of the misuse stems from the visual nature of the data . One study , by researchers at Colorado State University , showed that simply giving neuroscience students images from an fMRI machine , even if the images were redundant or irrelevant , made the students significantly more likely to find the data credible . According to Paul Bloom , a psychologist at Yale , this is because fMRI `` has all the trappings of work with great lab-cred : big , expensive , and potentially dangerous machines , hospitals and medical centers , and a lot of people in white coats . '' The data looks rigorous - it has the veneer of cutting-edge science - and people assume it 's valid , even when the reasoning is shoddy . `` You ca n't just put people in a scanner and ask them whatever question you want , '' Logothetis says . `` Many of these [ fMRI ] papers are such oversimplifications of what 's happening in the brain as to be worthless . '' A typical fMRI experiment goes like this : a subject is slipped into a tight space that 's about the size of a coffin . The person is told to lie perfectly still , as even the slightest movement will muddy the results . At first , the subject does nothing . Then , they or they perform the experimental task , which might involve looking at a picture or making a decision . While this is happening , noisy magnets whir overhead , as the machine detects the slightly different magnetic properties of blood with and without oxygen . The underlying assumption is that more active neurons require more oxygenated blood . Follow the oxygen , and you can construct precise maps of the brain at work . Last year , the New York Times published an op-ed that used fMRI to investigate the brains of swing voters as they stared at photos and videos of presidential candidates . For instance , the scientists found that pictures of Mitt Romney led to activity in the amygdala , while pictures of Hillary Clinton activated the anterior cingulate . ( Interestingly , the only two candidates who inspired `` little activity in areas of the brain associated with thought or feeling '' were Barack Obama and John McCain . ) Within days , 17 prominent cognitive neuroscientists signed a letter criticizing the study . `` We are distressed , '' the scientists wrote , `` by the publication of research . . . that uses flawed reasoning to draw unfounded conclusions about topics as important as the presidential election . '' The critics pointed out that a specific brain area , such as the amygdala , can be involved in the production of a wide variety of emotions , from fear to pleasure . This makes it extremely difficult , if not impossible , to decipher the hidden feelings of people based on brain scans alone .
The race to regulate the cryptocurrency and the Initial Coin Offering ( ICO ) market has hit full stride . It 's more of a marathon than a sprint , with hurdles . In recent months over 30 global regulators announced their various approaches to token sales and ICOs . This emerging space is full of promise and potential pitfalls . What happens next ?
What is evident in this race is Bitcoin , digital currencies and ICO token sales have created very vocal supporters and detractors from the world of high finance and government .
There is Christine Lagarde of the International Monetary Fund telling us that we are about to see massive disruption in FinTech and that it is time to get serious about digital currency , while Jamie Dimon of JP Morgan says Bitcoin is a fraud that will eventually blow up .
There is Japan with 11 regulated Bitcoin exchanges controlling over 60 % of the global Bitcoin market , while China has banned the sale of crypto currencies and tokens outright .
And there are others in the race , to name a few : Abu Dhabi has offered guidance on regulating cryptocurrencies and ICOs on an individual case basis ; the US SEC has declared that ICO tokens are subject to federal security laws - The CFTC has announced that crypto assets may also be commodities ; and , Switzerland and Singapore are leading the ICO market and are popular destinations for startups seeking to raise funds using tokens .
The UK 's FCA has just published a report highlighting the difficulty that blockchain businesses have in getting basic banking services . Many are refused outright making it difficult for crypto asset businesses to get started . It also contradicts the UK government 's pro innovation stance .
Simon Taylor , a crypto asset and blockchain specialist at UK based 11FS thinks the trend for ICO token sales is going to continue . “ The growth in crypto assets in recent years has been massive and it 's not going to stop . ICO token sales have become an attractive alternative source of funding for startups ” , says Taylor .
There is plenty of data supporting him . This year , ICOs have raised $ 3 Billion for startups in sectors from trading and investment to art and music , though almost half was raised by digital infrastructure plays focused on the development of next generation internet technologies .
Unlike VC funding , token sales can raise substantial amounts of capital in a short space of time . A new startup might expect to raise $ 1-5 Million in a conventional Series A round that can take months , but a token sale funding round with a whitepaper could raise $ 30 Million in weeks .
The crypto asset market is valued at $ 180 Billion globally , driven by currencies such as Bitcoin and Ether . Considering the global diamond market is $ 250 Billion , this has now become a serious market for governments to pay attention to . Cryptocurrencies are a product of the blockchain or other distributed ledger platforms – one follows the other .
Taylor adds , “ This could be a significant market , the genie is out of the bottle and initiatives such as coinlist and others show that the tools to do this well are there . Yet there has been an abundance of scams . Some jurisdictions have reacted with outright bans , but perhaps the better approach if we 're to successfully scale this technological disruption is to embrace best practice and encourage good behaviour . Then we need to talk about the benefits of doing so . ”
Taylor is the architect of a paper penned by a group of industry specialists which has been submitted to the UK Government . The paper advocates better industry and government collaboration to develop a code of conduct and standards for everyone 's benefit .
Others are developing similar approaches . Oliver Bussmann , President of Crypto Valley Association in Switzerland is developing an ICO Code of Conduct while Professor Michael Mainelli at Z/Yen Group in London is authoring a Manifesto for Token Issuers .
What seems clear at this stage of the race , is that those that are working in the FinTech community with crypto asset firms and governments to develop greater transparency and openness should be applauded .
“ ICO token sales provide an opportunity to attract liquidity to innovative growing sectors of the economy and are an attractive alternative asset class for investors . An industry led code of conduct and standards with government support would go a long way to better legitimizing the crypto asset market and allowing greater institutional access to ICO token sales while delivering better protection for small investors , ” says Taylor .
Cryptocurrencies , crypto assets and ICO tokes sales are not going away . They may very well develop into a bone fide alternative asset class with fewer scandals if we nudge governments to promote greater collaboration with technology firms . This alternative asset class could play a significant role in powering the 4th Industrial Revolution - the Digital Revolution .
Paper money , developed in China in the 8th century , took until the 17th century to catch on in Europe despite Marco Polo 's enthusiasm for it in the 13th century . I doubt crypto assets will take as long to reach mainstream adoption , especially if governments accelerate the move to digital with their own fiat currencies . We may be in for a bumpy ride with crypto assets as society seeks greater adoption of all things digital , and there should be no new news is this for economic historians .
So , what happens next ? One thing is for sure , the sooner governments moderate this space and adopt open and inter-operable standards for cryptocurrencies , crypto assets and ICO token sales , the smoother the ride will be . The race to ban or regulate may well be the wrong race , for the time being .
A general view of a building of Tokyo Electric Power Company 's ( TEPCO ) tsunami-crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant is seen from a bus during a media tour at the plant in Fukushima prefecture June 12 , 2013 . REUTERS/Noboru Hashimoto/Pool
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japanese authorities may have underestimated by 20 percent the radiation doses workers got in the initial phase of the Fukushima nuclear power plant disaster , a Japanese newspaper reported on Saturday , citing a U.N. panel .
A big earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 damaged the power station north of Tokyo , operated by Tokyo Electric Power Co , causing three partial reactor meltdowns . The company has struggled to contain leaking radiation since then .
The U.N. Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation ( UNSCEAR ) raised doubts about the dose estimates of the government and Tokyo Electric , or Tepco , in a summary of a report on October 12 , according to the Asahi Shimbun .
The U.N. committee analyzed radiation doses in 25,000 people who worked at the plant on or before October 2012 , using data provided by the government , Tepco and others , the newspaper said .
It determined that the tests used on workers did not take into account some types of radiation .
In particular , workers were tested for thyroid gland doses from radioactive iodine after a significant delay , through procedures that failed to account for iodine-132 and iodine-133 , which have short half-lives of 2 hours and 20 hours , respectively .
The Asahi Shimbun said if the U.N. panel 's assessment was accurate , more workers would be eligible for free health checks . It did not give any detail of the implications on the health of the workers .
Increased radiation exposure has been linked to greater rates of cancer and thyroid disorders .
A spokesperson for Tepco was not immediately available for comment .
[ Binnie ] Hello~ This is Binnie : )
Hello !
This is Oh My Girl 's Ddoksoonie Binnie ! ! : )
The other members gave their greetings to you first~
And I thought a lot about wanting to show you my thanks , so today I 'm finally meeting you through this letter and I 'm excited and in a good mood ! ! hehe .
Whenever I see your supportive messages on this Fancafe or hear your support during music programs I get very happy . Your love and support gives us great strength ! !
Thank you very , very much * ^^ *
Your support is like a vitamin to us , Oh My Girl . So we want to show you an improving image with each day !
Because of you I feel like I 've learned a lot ! ! Moving forward , I wish to receive more of your help and love , and become Binnie who works even harder and improves further ! !
Um .. to finish I 'll say something carefully ..
I 'm going to say something I 've always wanted to say to you all !
Since I had this dream of becoming a singer , there 's a promise I made to myself ..
It 's the promise to ‘ become a singer who my fans can be proud of ' !
Now I want to share that with you , and it 's a promise I want to keep ! !
Though I am still lacking , for all of the love that I 've received from you , I wish to reciprocate by showing you many different sides of myself . And to do that I 'll work very hard !
Like now please care for us and think about us , and I wish for us to be happy together for a long time !
Please be careful of a cold ! ! Let 's meet again soon~~
♡Love you♡
Trans : roz @ fyohmygirl
Please take out with full credits to source and translator .
On Feb. 23 , 2005 , a highly regarded Swedish referee , Anders Frisk , sent off Drogba in the 56th minute after a challenge on Barcelona goalkeeper Victor Valdes . After Barcelona won , 2-1 , at home at Camp Nou , the impetuous Mourinho hinted of conspiracy . They accused Frisk of meeting at halftime with Frank Rijkaard , Barcelona 's manager at the time .
Photo
Frisk told UEFA , soccer 's European governing body , that Rijkaard had not gone into their dressing room . The referee said they had , in fact , rebuffed Rijkaard 's effort to speak to them during intermission , telling them it was neither the time nor place .
UEFA handed a two-game suspension to Mourinho , now at Real Madrid . The chief of UEFA 's referee committee called them an “ enemy of football . ”
Chelsea won the second leg of that series , advancing to the 2005 Champions League quarterfinals , but Frisk had had enough . Six months before that Chelsea match , they had been hit in the head with an object and left bleeding while refereeing a Champions League match between Roma and Dynamo Kiev . That match had been halted . And now , so had Frisk 's career .
Two weeks after the Chelsea episode , Frisk retired from refereeing at 42 to become a fulltime insurance agent , saying they felt like a “ hunted animal ” and could not put up with death threats from Chelsea supporters .
“ I have been subjected to things that I could n't even imagine , ” Frisk said at the time . “ I love to referee and I have done it since 1978 , but what has happened to me means it is not worth continuing . I wo n't ever go out on a football pitch again . I am too scared . It is not worth it . ”
Frisk declined a request for an interview . But they were not the only referee with such concerns . On May 6 , 2009 , Tom Henning Ovrebo of Norway presided over the second leg of a Chelsea-Barcelona Champions League semifinal at Stamford Bridge . Three minutes into added time , midfielder Andres Iniesta put a brilliant shot into the upper left corner of the net . With a 1-1 draw , and Iniesta 's tiebreaking away goal , Barcelona advanced to the final , which it would win over Manchester United .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Incensed , Drogba launched a vulgar tirade at the referee , caught on television , calling Ovrebo a disgrace . Bosingwa compared the referee to a thief . Drogba later received a four-match suspension for their outburst ; Bosingwa received a three-game ban . Hiddink accused Ovrebo of missing three or four penalties kicks that should have been awarded to their team , adding that it was “ worst refereeing performance I 've ever seen . ”
Photo
Graham Poll , a former top English referee , said after the match that Ovrebo had to switch hotel rooms in London for their safety and was later smuggled out of the country under police escort . Their address was made public and , according to news accounts , there were Internet threats to have Ovrebo hunted and killed .
Earlier this month , Ovrebo , 45 , a psychologist who no longer referees international soccer , told The Guardian of London that they still receive abusive e-mails each year from Chelsea fans .
“ It is not nice but nothing too serious , either , ” Ovrebo said .
At Real Madrid , Mourinho still insists that Barcelona receives favoritism from the referees . But Roberto Di Matteo , Chelsea 's current manager , would not be drawn into such inflammable debate Tuesday . After all , Chelsea beat Napoli in the Champions League 's Round of 16 with Brych as the referee .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In fact , Chelsea has won nine matches , lost only two and tied one since Di Matteo took over last month . It is a confident team that historically has disrupted Barcelona with its direct , powerful style . Messi has not scored in six matches against the Blues .
“ I believe the referee is going to have a good game , ” DiMatteo said diplomatically . “ I have no fear that there is going to be anything in the back of their mind . ”
Even if Chelsea 's fans can not remain calm and disciplined , its players must be , midfielder Frank Lampard said . In 10 meetings , Chelsea 's three losses to Barcelona came when it had a player sent off .
“ Keeping 11 players on the field is absolutely crucial , ” Lampard said .
Pin 29K Yum 29K Shares
I do n't know about you , but I 've always found it hard to keep breakfast both healthy and interesting . This year I 've been trying out lots of new ideas to shake things up a bit in our household at breakfast time so today I 'm sharing 15 of my healthy breakfast ideas for kids .
These ideas are all very easy and mostly very quick to make , but I 've tried to make this post more useful by splitting the ideas into three groups – breakfast ideas to prepare in advance , quick breakfast ideas to make in a hurry , and easy breakfast ideas for when you have a little more time .
All of these ideas are suitable for the whole family , as well as kids of course .
Breakfast Ideas to Prepare in Advance
Frozen Yoghurt Bites – I 've shared two versions of these delicious and healthy frozen yoghurt bites on the blog so far and they 've both been a big hit ! Made from just fruit and yoghurt , these are great eaten ‘ as they come ' , or you could throw them onto a bowl of granola or cereal for a delicious crunchy breakfast .
The recipes can be found here : frozen fruity yoghurt bites recipe and frozen banana yoghurt bites recipe .
Healthy Homemade Granola – This is so easy to make , much lower in sugar than most shop bought granolas and great because you can customise it with any dried fruits , nuts or seeds to suit your taste . It 's also a fun project to make with children – you 'll find a free printable child friendly recipe over on the blog post : healthy homemade granola recipe . Make a big batch to last you all week and beyond !
Fruit Salad – another easy and healthy breakfast idea that can be customised to suit your tastes – make up a big batch and keep it in the fridge to use for several days worth of breakfasts ! Serve on its own , with a dollop of natural yoghurt or sprinkled with crunchy seeds . Try my easy rainbow fruit salad recipe , healthy rainbow fruit sundae recipe or the fun red and green Christmas fruit salad that I made last year .
Frozen Banana Bites – another fun recipe to throw into the freezer the night before – these frozen banana bites make a great breakfast food , especially in the summer , and kids will love making them for themselves ! See the blog post for another free printable recipe sheet : frozen banana bites recipe .
Help Yourself Snack Pots – These are a great idea for busy mornings , make them up in advance then just grab and go as needed ! You can find full details and lots of food ideas to pack in the blog post here : easy and healthy breakfast snack pots .
Quick Breakfast Ideas to Make in a Hurry
Cereal with Fruit – There 's nothing worse when you 're running late than having to think about putting together a healthy breakfast , but luckily there are lots of ideas that can be made in no time at all whilst still avoiding overly sugary cereals . By far the easiest breakfast is a bowl of cereal of course , but if you want to keep it healthy , hunt out cereals with a low sugar content such as shredded wheat ( which has no refined sugar added at all ) and jazz it up with a handful of fresh or dried fruit .
Toast and Honey with Sesame Seeds – Whip up this delicious toast in a matter of minutes , simply toast the bread , spread with a little honey and sprinkle with sesame seeds . Sesame seeds are really good for you , with several great health benefits including being a source of protein as well as many essential minerals , including calcium ( great for anyone on a dairy free diet ) .
Porridge – You may think that porridge is a bit time consuming for busy mornings , but trust me , it takes literally two minutes to make in the microwave and is well worth the minimal effort ! Top with jam and sesame seeds , a drizzle of honey , a few dark chocolate chips or some fresh or dried fruit to make it more interesting ( we particularly love chopped banana on ours ) .
Visit the following blog post for my easiest ever porridge recipe !
Banana and Peanut Butter Tortilla Roll-ups – This is my go-to breakfast when I 'm rushing out of the door having forgotten to eat breakfast in the morning chaos ! It takes seconds to make , can be eaten on the go and is really quite delicious !
To make , simply open out a wholemeal tortilla wrap , spread liberally with peanut butter ( I use a sugar free brand ) , peel a banana and lay it down the middle then roll up the wrap around the banana , folding in the ends to keep it in place . Peanut butter and banana also makes a delicious sandwich filling or topping for toast if you do n't have any wraps .
Cream Cheese and Jam Sandwich – Although this sounds an odd combination , we tried these sandwiches recently on the recommendation of a friend and they were absolutely delicious ! A great way to get an extra portion of calcium in , use wholemeal bread for a healthier breakfast . These sandwiches can be eaten at home or on the go .
Easy Breakfasts that Take an Extra 5 Minutes
Homemade Smoothies or milkshakes – We are a massive fan of smoothies in our house , not least because they are so easy to throw together ! I have shared several different smoothie and milkshake recipes here on the blog , all of which are super easy to make !
You can find some of them here : healthy berry milkshake recipe , storecupboard peach and coconut smoothie recipe , four quick and easy smoothies and milkshakes .
Cheese on Toast – We love cheese on toast in our house ! My favourite way to eat it is with sliced tomatoes under the cheese and a sprinkle of herbs on top , but you could also try finely chopped red pepper or spring onions too – an easy way to help sneak one of your five a day in to breakfast !
Breakfast Sundaes – These take just a minute or two to put together and feel like a real treat – you could even serve them up for a healthy dessert ! Get the kids involved in making their own too – see full details here : DIY breakfast sundae recipe .
Pancake Muffins – These could n't be easier to make – no hot frying pan needed , just mix them up and throw them in the oven ! You can find the full recipe here : healthy pancake muffins recipe . Serve them warm , fresh from the oven , or pack them up for a tasty breakfast on the go .
Eggy Bread Fingers – Get the kids cooking a tasty weekend brunch with these delicious eggy bread fingers . You can serve them up with some crispy bacon and tomato sauce , or try a lovely healthy fruit salad and a dollop of natural yoghurt on the side . You can find the full recipe and a free printable child friendly recipe sheet here : eggy bread fingers recipe .
I hope I 've managed to provide a bit of healthy breakfast inspiration in this post ! For lots more kid friendly breakfast ideas , check out the breakfast ideas and recipes section here on the Eats Amazing blog , and why not follow my Healthy Breakfast Ideas Pinterest board too ?
What 's your favourite healthy breakfast ?
Grace
Enjoyed this post ? Please save it to Pinterest so you can easily find it again !
How would you feel if someone implanted a fake memory into your mind ?
Based on surprising new research , it 's possible . Your memory is malleable and can easily be fooled into remembering something that is n't 100 percent true .
In fact , all it takes to create a false memory is a little “ help ” from your friends…
Social pressure makes it easy
The study , published in Science reveals the intimate connection between memory and our social selves . [ 1 ]
Researchers at the Weizmann Institute in Israel had volunteers watch a documentary film in small groups .
To test the volunteers ' memories , researchers invited them to come back three days later to take a test that asked them questions about the film .
In addition to answering the questions , volunteers had to indicate how confident they were in their answers . Once this data was in place , researchers had what they needed to find out how social pressure could affect memory .
Again , the volunteers were invited back to the lab to retake the same test . This time , volunteers took the test while getting a functional MRI ( fMRI ) scan , to see what was going on in their brains .
The test was exactly the same , but with one addition . Each question came with a “ lifeline. ” This lifeline was the supposed answers of the other volunteers that were in their same viewing group ( researchers also included social-media style photos ) .
What the volunteers did NOT know , however , was that among these “ lifelines ” were false answers to questions the volunteers had previously answered both correctly and confidently when they first took the test .
The results of these false “ implanted ” memories ?
Despite having been confident about their answers on the first go-around , the volunteers changed their answers to what the planted “ lifelines ” were… as a result giving incorrect answers almost 70 percent of the time !
But the researchers did n't stop there…
They wanted to determine whether the volunteers were just caving in to the perceived social pressure created by the “ lifelines ” or whether their memory of the film actually changed .
Again , they invited the same volunteers to take the test a third time . However , this time , they were told that the “ lifelines ” they were given were not actual responses from their peers . Rather , they were responses randomly generated by a computer .
This change caused a change to a few of the answers to the questions , but almost 50 percent remained unchanged !
Remember , these were on questions they initially answered correctly and confidently . So it seems to suggest that all it takes to change a memory is a little bit of social pressure .
The fMRI scans revealed why .
It turns out that both the hippocampus and the amygdala work together to create the false memories .
The hippocampus is related to long-term memory formation . The amygdala deals with emotions and also plays a role in social situations . Researchers think that the amygdala might act as a doorway that connects the social and memory processing areas of our brain .
Why can we be so confident in memories that are n't true ?
Duke University Medical Center did some research in 2008 that explains why the testers in the Weizmann Institute study were so certain of their incorrect and socially “ planted ” answers . [ 2 ]
The researchers at Duke gave volunteers well-established tests of memory and false memory .
These tests were done while the volunteers were in an fMRI so researchers could see the brain activity .
When it comes to retrieving a memory , two regions of your brain are simultaneously accessed – your frontal parietal lobe ( FPL ) and your medial temporal lobe ( MTL ) .
It turns out the reason we can be so confident in false memories is because of our front parietal lobe ( FPL ) .
This region of the brain gives us an impression of a memory . It does n't give us exact details , but rather just a “ gist ” of what happened . So volunteers who were confident in the false memories had stronger activation of their FPL .
Those volunteers in the study who were confident in memories that were true had more activity in their medial temporal lobe ( MTL ) .
The MTL is the region at the base of the brain that helps you remember specifics and details . It 's what helps you remember certain colors , smells , tastes , sounds , etc .
When you 're trying to remember something that really did n't happen , your brain ca n't come up with the specifics… so it activates more of the FPL to try and give you the sense of what supposedly happened in the memory .
What happens to memory as you age ?
As you get older , it becomes even easier to be confident in memories that never took place .
This is because with aging comes some mental decline . And one of the first things to go is the ability of the MTL to recall specifics .
According to Dr. Roberto Cabeza , the lead author of the Duke University study :
“ Specific memories do n't last forever , but what ends up lasting are not specific details , but more general or global impressions . Past studies have shown that as normal brains age , they tend to lose the ability to recollect specifics faster than they lose the ability recall impressions . However , patients with Alzheimer 's disease tend to lose both types of memories equally , which may prove to be a tool for early diagnosis . ”
Good reason to do everything you can to keep your memory sharp .
Thankfully , there ARE a few things you can do right now to slow – and sometimes even prevent – mental decline as you age :
Walk more – Part of the reason for memory decline as you age , is that the hippocampus shrinks . But a study reported at the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that walking just 3 times a week for 40 minutes can expand the size of the hippocampus by almost 2 percent . [ 3 ] This alone can have a huge effect on keeping your mind and memory “ young . ”
Vinpocetine – This extract from the periwinkle plant has been used in Europe for decades to treat and help prevent dementia . It 's so effective , one study published in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society found that regular supplementation with vinpocetine helped chronic cerebral dysfunction patients improve significantly and score better on numerous mental tests . [ 4 ]
Blueberries – You 've probably heard that these are great for your heart . But it turns out they 're also good for your brain . One Tufts University study suggests it can even help prevent the loss of short-term memory . [ 5 ] You can eat them plain or add them to your favorite cereal or oatmeal .
Folic Acid – This is one I found surprising . It 's already well-known that folic acid is good for pregnant women . But a Dutch study found that supplementing with folic acid can improve your memory . Subjects who took 800mcg daily knocked off 5.5 years their age when it came to their performance on standardized memory tests . [ 6 ]
Reduce Stress – This is a big one . The research [ 7 ] is clear that higher cortisol levels caused by stress can drastically reduce memory ( both short term and long term ) . Our recommendation of course is to use hypnosis . The most effective program out there is created by Dr. Randy Gilchrist , you can find it below :
http : //www.hypnosisnetwork.com/hypnosis/stress_anxiety.php
And please take action on some or all of the other suggestions and you wo n't have to worry about whether or not that memory of yours is true or not .
And while we 're at it , I 'd love to hear your experience with this . Have you ever remembered something and were 100 % sure about it… only to find out later that it was n't true ?
A frustrating , frustrating performance by the team led to the New York Giants becoming 0-2 , dropping a winnable game to the Arizona Cardinals . They were n't without their bright spots however , and despite being marred by untimely drops , turnovers , and special teams blunders , the team ended getting great performances by a large number of their players . Small comfort , I know , but at least the team is headed in the right direction after that absymal performance against the Detroit Lions . Let 's take a look at what Pro Football Focus saw :
Offensive MVP
Larry Donnell ( +4.0 ) - What a great game by the tight end . They looked extremely comfortable working the middle of the field and appears to have now become Eli Manning 's favorite safety blanket . They made several athletic catches at key moments , nabbing 7 out of their 8 targets on the day . A well deserved grade , and one that makes them Pro Football Focus ' highest rated tight end after two weeks .
Key Offensive Contributors
Will Beatty ( +3.4 ) - On the game thread , I mentioned Beatty getting several nice blocks . It was pretty darn good that nobody from the commentating crew to the referees mentioned their name . This grade is also justified . Allowed one QB hurry , which is very good for a left tackle , and had most of their good grade come in pass protection , though they graded positively as a run blocker as well .
John Jerry ( +1.4 ) - Another offensive lineman ? Yup . It was the same story for Jerry this week as it has been every other . They allowed zero pressures on their end , garnering a positive pass protection grade . Of course they graded negatively as a run blocker , but not bad enough to offset their brilliant game protecting the quarterback .
Justin Pugh ( +1.4 ) - We have our THIRD offensive lineman in the `` Kudos '' section ( stealing from Ed ! ) as Pugh graded positively in run blocking and pass protection . Unfortunately , a -0.7 grade in `` penalty '' marked down their score and it was for a penalty that was questionable at best .
Offensive GOAT
J.D . Walton ( -2.5 ) - Three offensive linemen make it to the positive grading section , but this is the New York Giants we 're talking about here . We 'd be remiss if we left any offensive lineman in the negative section . Walton has been getting bullied on quite a few snaps and consistently pushed back in the pocket . The Giants have to hope they improve , and fast , because if not , they are in trouble . This is their second negatively ranked game in a row , though surprisingly enough , they are n't the worst center thus far . Some notable names such as Tampa Bay Buccaneer Evan Dietrich-Smith and Dallas Cowboy Travis Frederick have been worse .
Key Offensive Villains
Andre Williams ( -2.1 ) - Their grade really does n't have all that much to do with their running ( though they still graded negatively because of it ) , as they made an equally poor effort catching the ball and suffering a drop or two .
Weston Richburg ( -2.1 ) - The Richburg experiment at guard is not working . They simply are not strong enough yet to counter the big defensive tackles they take on one-on-one . The center position is more of an assist position , using their vision , awareness , and athleticism to figure out which players to double-team rather than take on a nose tackle head on . Richburg will need to hit the weight room for sure . They allowed a sack and a hurry in pass protection .
Rashad Jennings ( -2.1 ) - Both runners make an appearance . Jennings allowed the pressure that forced the first Manning interception , fumbled on a screen pass , and did n't get much done running the ball ( though they did run hard ) . Hence , their grade .
Victor Cruz ( -1.2 ) - Cruz was on their way towards a very good grade in the first half before it went all wrong . PFF is very harsh against drops and Cruz had 3 .
Defensive MVP
Mathias Kiwanuka ( +3.0 ) - Nope . I do n't understand this at all . PFF gave them monstrous marks for run defense and had them pegged for a sack , hit , and a hurry . I absolutely remember the three pressures they got and agree with that , but I figured their defense against the run to be a lot worse than anybody else . They were consistently stonewalled and could n't maintain contain . I 'll try and re-watch the game and focus on him , but for now , chalk this up as polite disagreement .
Key Defensive Contributors
Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie ( +2.2 ) - I thought `` DRC '' had a great game and while I disagreed with PFF on `` Kiwi '' , I totally agree with them here . They were targeted 8 times , giving up three catches for 18 yards . One of those catches was another mis-communication as they handed Larry Fitzgerald off to one of the safeties . Let them just man up on those WRs , Fewell , they can do it if you trust him !
Robert Ayers ( +2.2 ) - Impressive . PFF had Ayers down for two sacks this game , to lead the Giants with three this season ( he was officially credited with one ) . They played only 25 of a total 69 snaps against the Cardinals which is a bit of a crime . In only about one third of the snaps the defense has taken , Ayers is already Pro Football Focus ' fifth-rated 4-3 DE and second in the league in pass rush productivity , with three sacks and two QB hurries in 30 pass rush snaps .
Cullen Jenkins ( +1.8 ) - It appears both lines dominated this game as Jenkins becomes the third defensive lineman with a positive grade . They were strong pass rusher , notching a QB hurry and did n't really mess up against the run .
Jon Beason ( +1.7 ) - This makes it all the more frustrating that Beason suffered an injury . They had a good game , notching positive grades in all phases ( pass rush , pass coverage , run defense , penalty ) and we saw an obvious and precipitous drop off once they left the game .
Stevie Brown ( +1.6 ) - Brown did n't have many of those same mis-communications that plagued the team last week . They were pretty non-descript , but like Beason , they graded positively in all categories to have their sum grade become pretty good . They notched a QB hurry and a QB hit from the safety position .
Jacquian Williams ( +1.6 ) - A bounce-back game for Williams who did a much better job in coverage . They had Andre Ellington under wraps and provided some good run defense . It was n't until the Cardinals attacked Mark Herzlich and McClain that Ellington started to break out .
Jason Pierre-Paul ( +1.4 ) - Another strong game against the run , they now are 3rd in the league behind only Tyson Alualu and Carlos Dunlap in run stop percentage and leads the league in run stops ( with 5 ) . They also added a QB hit and a sack to their record in this game .
Johnathan Hankins ( +1.3 ) - I have a feeling that Hankins will consistently be in this section every game . They wo n't be the defensive MVP , but you 'll never see them in the red . That 's exactly what we need them to be . They very quietly is becoming an excellent two-way player . Did you know that their sack and QB hit this game puts their pass rush productivity in the top 3 among defensive tackles that played at least 50 percent of their team 's stats ? He 's ahead of guys like Ndamukong Suh , Geno Atkins , Terrance Knighton , and yes , Linval Joseph in that regard .
Defensive GOAT
Trumaine McBride ( -1.3 ) - When the worst player on the defense was a backup filling in time and graded only -1.3 , you know you had a good day . That being said , I do n't have a clue why that player is McBride . They did n't give up a catch on their only target . They pegged them down for run defense , which I can buy , though .
Key Defensive Villains
Jameel McClain ( -1.3 ) - Quite lonely here with only one player as McClain got a bad penalty to their name , looked slow trailing Andre Ellington , and gave up a few catches in pass coverage .
Bonus Stats !
After two weeks , the Giants are n't doing terribly on defense . They rank fifth overall among all teams in defense and it 's largely thanks to their run defense , which ranks third in the league . The offense is a different story , however , as they rank 21st . The only thing keeping them from hitting near rock bottom is their pass block ( of all things ! ) which ranks an impressive 10th in the league .
As a team , through two weeks , their pass protection has allowed one QB sack , four QB hits , and 14 QB hurries . The pass rush , meanwhile , has six QB sacks , seven QB hits , and 19 QB hurries .
The beauty of the Taj Mahal is overshadowed by some of the world 's ugliest poverty . Credit : AP It is against this backdrop that generations of western travellers have sought the authentic Indian experience . But with most taking the same well-worn route , the fast-paced , seemingly unregulated , and often unforgiving tourism industry that has sprung up in response means they get anything but . From Delhi 's infamous dodgy travel agents to train station clerks who demand an extra `` tax , '' to the rickshaw drivers who scoop huge commissions for delivering green tourists to waiting shopkeepers , the scams come thick and fast . Falling for them is a right of passage . Indeed , I fell for more than one and I 'm mostly okay with that . Why should n't struggling locals make as much from us westerners as they can ? After all , no matter how tight our travel budget , we are always going to come out of it the better off . Moreover , given all the wealth the West has taken from the subcontinent over the past couple of centuries , I am the last to begrudge some of them reclaiming it , rupee by rupee . When you are in the thick of it , however , it can feel demoralising . Every conversation seems burdened by the weight of an expected transaction , including for solo females , a sexual one . A few days of this and you start to feel like the losing player in a game where the aim is to separate you from all your money as quickly as possible . As one young Welsh man I met said sadly , `` I feel like a walking cash machine . ''
All of which means that , on the tourist trail at least , the chances of a genuine connection seems impossible . My frustrated attempts at honest conversations with local shopkeepers and street vendors I spoke to led either to a lighter wallet or inappropriate sexual invitations or both . Not that meaningful encounters with local hawkers is what all tourists are after . But , in the relatively short time I was there , I was never quite clear on what it is we are after . Is travelling really only about ticking off the major attractions , avoiding the beggars , and insisting shopkeepers knock the equivalent of an extra $ 1 from the price of harem pants that are marketed as Indian but sold exclusively to tourists ? To be clear ; I do not blame Indians for this . Rather , I suspect our enduring love of `` doing India '' appears to have fomented a situation where enterprising and desperate locals seek to profit by giving us what they think we want . But what we get is an imitation of the real thing . It feels exploitative to be a part of this , to waltz in from another , wealthier country , get ushered into the famous sites , hang out with other westerners , and then waltz away again . On to the next city , the next attraction , the next `` experience . '' Despite all the work I do trying to undermine it , I too am a beneficiary of white , western privilege .
Of course , this state of affairs is not limited to India . Perhaps it 's the fact I am no longer a wide-eyed backpacker on my first Big Trip , or my anti-colonialist politics talking here ( and colonialism has certainly left its mark here ) , but it feels as though in India , all pretence is abandoned and what we are left with is the stark , ugly reality of privilege and inequality . By the start of my fifth and final week , it dawned on me that , to all intents and purposes , in India I am a `` white person . '' Disheartened at how often western tourists were approached by locals for selfies ( the whiter-looking , the more their image is sought ) , at first I had the luxury of distancing myself from these particular interactions , of kidding myself I had more in common with the locals than the white tourists they seemed to idolise . But when , in the absence of an actual European-descended tourist , I was also asked to pose in family happy snaps , it became uncomfortably clear to me the lens through which I was viewed . Certainly , the compliments on my `` fair '' skin and warnings not to spend too much time in the sun or risk becoming `` dark like us '' were meant to flatter . But they sent a brutal message that , despite all the work I do trying to undermine it , I too am a beneficiary of white , western privilege . From walking the streets on my own , to the thousands of rupees I withdrew from the ATM without blinking , to the bikini I wore by the lake in the tiny southern town of Hampi , where tourists sunbake on ancient ethereal boulders while astonished Indian men gather to gawk at the unusual antics of `` white people '' ; all of these signalled a status and privilege that , relative to much of the local population , I had in abundance .
Thousands Fasting After Russian President Putin Signs Law Banning Evangelism Outside of Churches
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law last week a measure punishing any kind of religious evangelization outside of churches , which some observers have called one of the most restrictive move in `` post-Soviet history . ''
`` This new situation resembles the Soviet Union in 1929 . At that time confession of faith was permitted only in church , '' Hannu Haukka , president of Great Commission Media Ministries , told National Religious Broadcasters , according to Breitbart News . `` Practically speaking , we are back in the same situation . These anti-terrorist laws are some of the most restrictive laws in post-Soviet history . ''
The law , which is supposed to be aimed against the spread of terrorism and extremism , has also been approved by the Russian Parliament 's upper chamber . The move blocks the sharing of faith in any place that is not a government-sanctioned house of worship .
Charisma News reported that thousands of churches in Russia are coming together in prayer and fasting against the move , based on information shared by Haukka .
`` The church is appalled at the news of the new law . About 7,000 evangelical/protestant churches are in fasting and prayer at the moment over the news , '' Haukka said .
The Christian Post reported earlier this month that several Christian groups in Russia have already spoken out against the draconian measures , with the Seventh-day Adventist 's Moscow-based Euro-Asia Division stating that it is nearly `` impossible '' for religious believers to comply with the requirements .
`` If this legislation is approved , the religious situation in the country will grow considerably more complicated and many believers will find themselves in exile and subjected to reprisals because of our faith , '' the group said before Putin 's signature .
Under the new law , foreign missionaries will not be allowed to speak at churches unless that have a work permit from Russian authorities ; any kind of discussion about God with non-believers would be considered missionary activity and punishable by law ; and religious activities even in private homes will not be allowed .
What is more , anyone from the age of 14 found to be preaching will be subject to prosecution , and every citizen is required to report religious activity to the authorities , or face punishment them or herself .
Haukka asked Christians around the world to join in prayer with the Russian churches as they face uncertain times .
`` Russia is closing down in an awful way . The new law is in total conflict with the purpose and the task given to the church by the Lord . The law will send the church back into Soviet era Communist persecution , '' they asked .
NRB President Jerry A. Johnson further called on the United States government to pressure Russia to repeal what they described as an `` unjust law . ''
`` Let 's pray this new iron curtain of Christian persecution in Russia will be lifted quickly and without harm to our brothers and sisters in Christ , '' Johnson said .
Today Ubisoft announced that country-sized racer The Crew will be coming to Xbox 360 in addition to Xbox One and PlayStation 4 . PlayStation 3 , however , has been left sputtering at the starting line . Fans are n't pleased , but Ubisoft claims it 's much easier this way .
While Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 are roughly comparable in terms of power , PS3—at least in this case—is much tougher to develop for . Ubisoft , then , has decided to take the faster ( and possibly more furious ) route by focusing on a machine more attuned to The Crew 's technical demands .
A Ubisoft rep explained to Kotaku :
`` The Crew was originally built for the new generation of consoles , so when we made the decision to port it to the previous generation , we decided to focus solely on the platform closest to the new-gen 's technical infrastructure , which is the Xbox 360 . '' `` We are not currently working on a version for PS3 and are focused on delivering The Crew for Xbox One , PS4 , PC and Xbox 360 simultaneously on November 11th . ''
Advertisement
Sorry , PS3 owners . I 's the breaks . I 'm kinda surprised The Crew can run on a last-gen console at all given its seamless , multiple-city-spanning nature , so I guess technical issues were bound to flare up .
That said , I 've asked Ubisoft for more specifics and if they 're considering doing a PS3 version in the future . I 'll update this post when I hear back .
A forecast made by Denmark-based Saxo Bank , chaos will take a grip on the world in 2008 . Oil prices will skyrocket to 175 dollars per barrel , the Chinese market will collapse by 40 percent , whereas the U.S. will suffer a 25-percent setback . All this will happen because of the mortgage crisis in the USA which already slows down the U.S. economy .
High oil prices can bring only good to Russia , though . On the other hand , even if the above-mentioned forecast comes true , Russia will face serious problems in its economy too . It is worthy of note that the majority of Saxo Bank 's previous forecasts for 2007 have proved to be true to fact .
On New Year 's Eve most people recollect the outgoing year and hope for the best . However , Saxo Bank experts seem to be an exception from this nice tradition . David Karsbol , the head of market strategy for the bank , said that the forecast had not been made to intimidate people . “ It gives a reason to think about the future of the market , ” they said .
Saxo Bank experts believe that oil prices will hit the level of 175 dollars per barrel in 2008 , whereas grain prices will double . The U.S. and the Chinese markets will collapse by 25 and 40 percent respectively by the end of the summer of 2008 . Every third of ten U.S. large building companies will go bankrupt . The British economy will also start declining .
The bank has its forecast on the new U.S. president too . The bank predicts that Ron Paul , the Texan Republican , will take the office in 2008 .
I thought this article was worth a reprint . I am looking into why the Saxo bank made that prediction and wanted my readers to see this and have a look at the work to come . I am betting that they are predicting on the fact that Ron Paul has the most visible on the ground support of any other candidate and that is the kind of support that you can take to the bank . Tweet
Date : 30 Jun 2017
: 30 Jun 2017 Topic : Gastrointestinal cancers
Barcelona , Spain , 30 June 2017 – The benefits of a “ Mediterranean diet ” ( MD ) are well-known when it comes to colorectal protection , but it 's hard to know specifically what elements of the diet are the healthiest .
Now a new study , presented today at the ESMO 19th World Congress on Gastrointestinal Cancer suggests loading up on fish and fruit , and cutting back on soft drinks are the three most important things .
“ We found that each one of these three choices was associated with a little more than 30 % reduced odds of a person having an advanced , pre-cancerous colorectal lesion , compared to people who did not eat any of the MD components . Among people who made all three healthy choices the benefit was compounded to almost 86 % reduced odds , ” said Naomi Fliss Isakov , PhD fromTel-Aviv Medical Center , in Tel Aviv , Israel .
Colorectal cancer ( CRC ) develops from intestinal polyps and has been linked to a low-fibre diet heavy on red meat , alcohol and high-calorie foods , said Fliss Isakov .
And while the Mediterranean diet has been associated with lower rates of colorectal cancer , the definition of what elements in the diet are the most beneficial , has not always been clear .
Using dietary questionnaires from 808 people who were undergoing screening or diagnostic colonoscopies , the research team was able to dig down to look at the fine details of their daily meals .
All subjects were between 40 and 70 years old , without high risk of CRC , and answered a food frequency questionnaire .
Adherence to the MD components was defined as consumption levels above the group median for fruits , vegetables and legumes , nuts and seeds , whole grains , fish and poultry and a high ratio of monounsaturated to saturated fatty acids , as well consumption below the median of red meat , alcohol , and soft drinks .
The investigators found that compared to subjects with clear colonoscopies , those who had advanced polyps reported fewer components of the Mediterranean diet ( a mean of 1.9 versus 4.5 components ) . Yet even consumption of two to three components of the diet , compared to none , was associated with half the odds of advanced polyps .
Odds were reduced in a dose response manner with additional MD components – meaning that the more MD components people adhered , the lower their odds of having advanced colorectal polyps .
After adjusting to account for other CRC risk factors , including other dietary components , the researchers narrowed in on high fish and fruit and low soft drinks as the best combo for reduced odds of advanced colorectal polyps .
The next step will be to see whether the MD is linked to lower risk of CRC in higher risk groups , they concluded .
Commenting on the study , ESMO spokesperson Dirk Arnold , MD , PhD , from Instituto CUF de Oncologia in Lisbon , Portugal , said “ this large population-based cohort-control study impressively confirms the hypothesis of an association of colorectal polyps with diets and other life-style factors . This stands in line with other very recent findings on nutritive effects , such as the potential protective effects of nut consumption and vitamin D supplementation which have been shown earlier this year . However , it remains to be seen whether these results are associated with reduced mortality , and it is also unclear if , and when a dietary change would be beneficial . Despite this lack of information , it makes sense to consider this diet for other health-related reasons also . ”
-END-
Notes to Editors
References
Abstract O-023 – ‘ Mediterranean diet components are negatively associated with advanced colorectal polyps in a population-based case-control study ' will be presented by Dr. Fliss Isakov Naomi during ‘ Session XIII : From Epidemiology to Prevention of GI Cancer ' on Friday , 30 June , 09:10 to 09:40 ( CEST ) in Auditorium A .
Disclaimer
This press release contains information provided by the authors of the highlighted abstracts and reflects the content of those abstracts . It does not necessarily reflect the views or opinions of ESMO who can not be held responsible for the accuracy of the data . Commentators quoted in the press release are required to comply with the ESMO Declaration of Interests policy and the ESMO Code of Conduct .
About the ESMO World Congress on Gastrointestinal Cancer
The ESMO World Congress on Gastrointestinal Cancer is the premier global event in the field – encompassing malignancies affecting every component of the gastrointestinal tract and aspects related to the care of patients with gastrointestinal cancer , including screening , diagnosis and the latest management options for common and uncommon tumours .
About the European Society for Medical Oncology ( ESMO )
ESMO is the leading professional organisation for medical oncology . With more than 15,000 members representing oncology professionals from over 130 countries worldwide , ESMO is the society of reference for oncology education and information . We are committed to supporting our members to develop and advance in a fast-evolving professional environment .
About Imedex
Imedex is an industry leader in providing accredited , independent continuing medical education to health care professionals . We develop high quality scientific programming that translates the latest research into clinically relevant information . The activities have exceptional organization and outstanding educational value , with a proven sustained impact on disease management . Our programs focus on improving patient care around the world . With over 50,000 e-learning experiences annually and more than 100,000 live meeting attendees , since 2001 , Imedex truly educates the global healthcare community . At Imedex , education is the best medicine® . Visit www.imedex.com for more information
Abstract for O-023
Mediterranean diet components are negatively associated with advanced colorectal polyps in a population-based case-control study
Fliss Isakov Naomi1 , Zelver-Sagi Shira2 , Webb Muriel2 , Ivankovsky Dana3 , Margalit Dana4 , Kariv Revital1
1Tel-Aviv Medical Center , Tel Aviv , Israel , 2Tel-Aviv Medical Center , Tel Aviv , Irael , 3Haifa University , Haifa , Israel , 4University of Haifa , Haifa , Israel
Introduction : Colorectal cancer ( CRC ) is common and a leading cause of cancer-related death , which develops gradually from adenomatous and serrated polyps . Established dietary risk factors for CRC include high intake of red and processed meat , alcohol and calorie-dense foods , and low intake of plant-based foods . Adherence to the Mediterranean diet has been associated with lower risk of CRC in observational population studies . Its anti-neoplastic properties are attributed to a high fiber plant-based diet , low in calorie-dense foods , and high in fish over red meat intake . However , the association between the Mediterranean diet individual and combined components , and advanced colorectal polyps is still unclear . In this study , we aimed to evaluate the association between the Mediterranean diet individual and combined components , and advanced colorectal polyps ( advanced adenoma and serrated adenoma ) in a population based case-control study .
Methods : A case-control study among 808 consecutive subjects aged 40-70 years , undergoing screening or diagnostic colonoscopy . Exclusion included : colectomy , high risk for CRC , severe illness , and inability to complete the study questionnaires . All participants underwent anthropometric measurements , a medical and lifestyle interview and filled a detailed semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire ( FFQ ) , adapted to the Israeli population and to the needs of this study . Adherence to the Mediterranean diet components was defined as consumption of vegetables and legumes , fruits , nuts and seeds , whole grains , fish , ratio of monounsaturated ( MUFA ) to saturated fatty acids ( SFA ) and poultry above the sample median , and as consumption of red meat , alcohol , and soft drinks below the sample median .
Cases with advanced polyps were defined as : advanced adenoma ( adenomas > 10mm , with features of high-grade dysplasia or villous histology ) , > 3 non-advanced adenomas or serrated adenomas and SA ≥ 10mm or with HGD . Cases were compared with controls which were free of past or present polyps
Results : The mean number of adhered Mediterranean diet components was significantly lower among cases with advanced polyps compared to controls ( 4.5±1.9 vs. 5.1±1.7 , P=0.03 ) , and was significantly associated with lower odds of advanced polyps in multivariate analysis ( OR=0.81 , 0.73-0.90 ) . Adherence to 1 to 4 , and 5 to 10 Mediterranean diet components were negatively associated with advanced colorectal polyps compared to none ( OR=0.50 , 95 % CI 0.32-0.79 , P=0.003 and OR=0.47 , 95 % CI 0.26-0.83 , P=0.009 , respectively ) . The components of the Mediterranean diet which were negatively associated with advanced polyps , with adjustment for potential confounders and to all other dietary components were : low intake of soft drinks ( OR=0.65 , 0.44-0.97 ) , high intake of fruit ( OR=0.66 , 0.45-0.95 ) and high intake of fish ( OR=0.62 , 0.42-0.91 ) . Combined adherence to all three components was significantly associated with lower odds of advanced colorectal polyps ( OR=0.14 , 0.04-0.41 ) .
Conclusion : Adherence to the Mediterranean diet is negatively associated with advanced colorectal polyps . High intake of fish and fruit and low intake of soft drinks are associated with lower odds of advanced colorectal polyps , separately and even more so when combined . Prospective , large-scale studies may better clarify the relations between dietary pattern and colorectal neoplasia .
Tayfun Korkut takes charge of Bayer 04 Leverkusen for the first time in Friday 's Matchday 24 curtain-raiser , though in-form SV Werder Bremen promise to make it a testing debut ( kick-off 20:30CET/19:30GMT ) .
Click here to make sure your Official Fantasy Bundesliga team is in order for Matchday 24 !
Last weekend 's 6-2 defeat to Borussia Dortmund spelled the end of Roger Schmidt 's near-three-year reign on the banks of the Rhine . In their stead , former Hannover 96 and 1 . FC Kaiserslautern man Korkut has the arduous task of pushing the team up from tenth — 11 points off the top four —and into contention for a finish that guarantees European football next season .
- © gettyimages / Stuart Franklin
Head to the Match Centre for more on this fixture .
Korkut would have been more optimistic had their new team met Bremen a month ago . Alexander Nouri 's men have struck a rich vein of form since , however , and last weekend 's 2-0 win over Darmstadt was their third straight victory , helping ease the Green-Whites two points clear of the relegation play-off and a healthy seven ahead of the bottom two .
The Venue - BayArena
The traditional culture of the Southern United States has been called a `` culture of honor '' , that is , a culture where people avoid intentionally offending others , and maintain a reputation for not accepting improper conduct by others . A theory as to why the American South had or may have this culture is an assumed regional belief in retribution to enforce one 's rights and deter predation against one 's family , home and possessions . The concept was tested by social scientists Richard Nisbett and Dov Cohen in their book Culture of Honor [ 1 ] and repopularized by a discussion in Chapter Six of Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell .
Background [ edit ]
The `` culture of honor '' in the Southern United States is hypothesized by some social scientists [ 1 ] to have its roots in the livelihoods of the early settlers who first inhabited the region . Unlike settlers with an agricultural heritage ( mainly from the densely populated South East England and East Anglia ) who settled in New England , the Southern United States was settled by herders from Scotland , Northern Ireland , Northern England and the West Country . [ citation needed ] Herds , unlike crops , are vulnerable to theft because they are mobile and there is little government wherewithal to enforce property rights of herd animals . The theory is that developing a reputation for violent retribution against those who stole herd animals was one way to discourage theft .
This thesis is limited , however , by modern evidence that a culture of honor in the American South is strongest not in the hill country , where this thesis suggests it has its cultural origins , but in Southern lowlands . [ 2 ] These observers argue that poverty or religion , which has been distinctive in the American South since the Second Great Awakening in the 19th century , may be a more important source of this cultural phenomenon .
Other theories point out that the culture of honor may have its roots in the settlement of the region by members of British aristocratic families . [ 3 ]
Role of women [ edit ]
The Southern culture of honor also includes a notion that ladies should not be insulted by gentlemen . Southern gentlemen are also expected to be chivalrous towards women , in words and deeds .
Although `` culture of honor '' qualities have been generally associated with men in the southern United States , women in this region have also been affected and even shown some of the same qualities . In Culture of Honor , it is stated that women play a part in the culture , both `` through their role in the socialization process , and active participation . '' By passing these ideas along to their children , they are taking part in social conditioning . [ 4 ]
Psychology [ edit ]
Laboratory research has demonstrated that men in honor cultures perceive interpersonal threats more readily than do men in other cultures , including increases in cortisol and testosterone levels following insults . [ 5 ] In culture-of-honor states , high school students were found to be more likely to bring a weapon to school in the past month and over a 20-year period , there were more than twice as many school shootings per capita . [ 6 ] According to Lindsey Osterman and Ryan Brown in Culture of Honor and Violence Against the Self , `` [ i ] ndividuals ( particularly Whites ) living in honor states are at an especially high risk for committing suicide . `` [ 7 ]
Sociology [ edit ]
The historian David Hackett Fischer , a Professor of History at Brandeis University , makes a case for an enduring genetic basis for a `` willingness to resort to violence '' ( citing especially the finding of high blood levels of testosterone as discussed above ) in the four main chapters of their book Albion 's Seed . [ 8 ] They propose that a Southern propensity for violence is inheritable by genetic changes wrought over generations living in traditional herding societies in Northern England , the Scottish Borders , and Irish Border Region . They propose that this propensity has been transferred to other ethnic groups by shared culture , whence it can be traced to different urban populations of the United States . [ 9 ] However , honor cultures were and are widely prevalent in Africa [ 10 ] and many other places .
Randolph Roth , in their American Homicide ( 2009 ) , states that the idea of a culture of honor is oversimplified . [ 11 ] They argue that the violence often committed by Southerners resulted from social tensions . They hypothesize that when people feel that they are denied social success or the means to attain it , they will be more prone to commit violent acts . Their argument is that Southerners were in tension , possibly due to poor Whites being marginalized by rich Whites , free and enslaved Blacks being denied basic rights , and rich and politically empowered Whites having their power threatened by Northern politicians pushing for more federal control of the South , especially over abolition . They argue that issues over honor just triggered the already present hostility , and that people took their frustration out through violent acts often on the surface over issues of honor . They draw historical records of violence across the U.S. and Europe to show that violence largely accompanies perceptions of political weakness and the inability to advance oneself in society . Roth also shows that although the South was `` obsessed with honor '' in the mid-18th century , there was relatively little homicide . Barring under-reported crime against some groups , low homicide may simply have been gentlemanly self-restraint at a time when social order was stable , a trend that reverses in the 19th century and later . [ a ]
War [ edit ]
A 2016 study suggests that honor culture increases the risk of war . The study found that international conflicts under Southern presidents are `` twice as likely to involve uses of force , last on average twice as long , and are three times more likely to end in victory for the United States than disputes under non-Southern presidents . Other characteristics of Southern presidencies do not seem able to account for this pattern of results . `` [ 12 ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ American Homicide , Randolph Roth charts changes in the character and incidence of homicide in the U.S. from colonial times to the present . Roth argues that the United States is distinctive in its level of violence among unrelated adults—friends , acquaintances , and strangers . America was extraordinarily homicidal in the mid-seventeenth century , but it became relatively non-homicidal by the mid-eighteenth century , even in the slave South ; and by the early nineteenth century , rates in the North and the mountain South were extremely low . But the homicide rate rose substantially among unrelated adults in the slave South after the American Revolution ; and it skyrocketed across the United States from the late 1840s through the mid-1870s , while rates in most other Western nations held steady or fell . That surge—and all subsequent increases in the homicide rate—correlated closely with four distinct phenomena : political instability ; a loss of government legitimacy ; a loss of fellow-feeling among members of society caused by racial , religious , or political antagonism ; and a loss of faith in the social hierarchy . Those four factors , Roth argues , best explain why homicide rates have gone up and down in the United States and in other Western nations over the past four centuries , and why the United States is today the most homicidal affluent nation . [ 11 ] In , Randolph Roth charts changes in the character and incidence of homicide in the U.S. from colonial times to the present . Roth argues that the United States is distinctive in its level of violence among unrelated adults—friends , acquaintances , and strangers . America was extraordinarily homicidal in the mid-seventeenth century , but it became relatively non-homicidal by the mid-eighteenth century , even in the slave South ; and by the early nineteenth century , rates in the North and the mountain South were extremely low . But the homicide rate rose substantially among unrelated adults in the slave South after the American Revolution ; and it skyrocketed across the United States from the late 1840s through the mid-1870s , while rates in most other Western nations held steady or fell . That surge—and all subsequent increases in the homicide rate—correlated closely with four distinct phenomena : political instability ; a loss of government legitimacy ; a loss of fellow-feeling among members of society caused by racial , religious , or political antagonism ; and a loss of faith in the social hierarchy . Those four factors , Roth argues , best explain why homicide rates have gone up and down in the United States and in other Western nations over the past four centuries , and why the United States is today the most homicidal affluent nation .
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Image : Motherboard
The future of footwear is n't just about self-tying shoes—it 's also about mimicking nature to make stronger , higher-performance , more sustainable materials . Earlier this month at the synthetic biology and design conference Biofabricate in New York City , Adidas unveiled the Futurecraft Biofabric . The company says this will be the world 's first athletic shoe that 's 100 percent biodegradable .
How is this possible ? Adidas worked with another German company called AMSilk , incorporating its Biosteel fabric , a new type of fiber `` grown '' by bacteria and designed to mimic the properties of natural spider silk—namely , strength and lightness .
At the same time , the shoes can also be quickly broken down and safely returned to the environment , using a specific enzyme ( so you do n't have to worry about them turning to mush while you 're out for a run in the rain ) .
Watch our exclusive interview with Jame Carnes of Adidas and Jens Klein , CEO of AMSilk , to learn more about their new creation . Adidas plans to make the Futurecraft Biofabric available in limited quantities in 2017 , for a yet-undetermined price .
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter .
Trigger warning : racist and sexist slurs
A few days ago , a person named Wayne tried to post this comment on my post Mom , Do n't Read This :
Rebecca , Is n't “ creep ” one those dehumanising words you speak of ?
I laughed , forwarded it to Melanie for their Un-censorship Project , and deleted it .
The next day , we received an email from the same person . I responded . This was our full conversation .
Wayne :
Comment : Hi I tried to make a comment on one of Rebecca Watson 's older posts in which they use the term “ creep ” whilst simultaneously decrying the use of dehumanising labels . I would really like to hear Rebecca 's response to the use of this term but my comment seems to have been not accepted .
Me :
Wayne :
Wow is this the way you treat people who read your pages ? I guess It 's consistent with not wanting to admit to Rebecca 's dehumanising characterisations of men .
Me :
Please do n't read our pages anymore . We find your creepiness dehumanizing .
Wayne :
I have tried to ask a legimate reasonable question . In response I have no idea why you feel the need to be abusive .
Me :
We have tried to send you legimate reasonable gifs . In response we have no idea why you feel the need to be abusive .
Wayne :
Reasonable would be simply answering my question . Being evasive just suggests that you know that “ creep ” is being used by rebecca to be dehumanising . Mocking is not reasonable , it is abusive .
Wayne ( again ) :
There is amazing irony in the fact that Rebecca travels the world and online gives lectures mentioning abusive emails they receive and when I send a polite request for an opinion based on their story I get responded to with abuse . To me it eats at your credibility .
Me :
Wayne :
Hi There is a certain irony that Rebecca travels the world and publishes online lectures where they complain about abusive emails from men whilst skepchick in response to a simple straight forward polite question responds with abuse . Abuse that seems from the follow-up responses seems to be the policy of the organisation .
Me :
Wayne :
Thanks is good to know that you do n't give a fuck about being abusive . Consewquently it is surprising and hypocritical that Rebecca gives a fuck about the abuse they receive .
Amazingly , I got bored of posting gifs before they got bored of saying the same thing over and over again , so our correspondence ended there .
Equally amazingly , Wayne is a full-grown adult ( I checked ) who thinks that it is polite and reasonable to equate the word “ creep ” with comments from my post like “ you 're a cunt ” or that I left a “ vagina-shaped hole ” when I left an organization I founded . And they lump a gif response to their email into the category of “ abuse , ” a category that I have put campaigns to have me arrested or fired from my podcast , and relentless online stalking and rape and death threats .
It 's a testament to men 's place in the world that a man crying “ abuse ” over a few cute gifs wo n't result in anyone saying , “ Men are so sensitive ! Welcome to the Internet ! ” Instead , this persecution complex is taken as evidence that women are hypocrites , because they ca n't complain about rape threats while at the same time calling someone a creep or a jerk or an asshole or an obsessive stalker .
It 's quite interesting , really – most male supremacists have given up trying to argue that women do n't suffer immense abuse at the hands of misogynists online , because the evidence has grown too great to ignore . So now , they 're focussing on jumping onto the oppression train . They have attempted to appropriate the word “ bully , ” for instance – just check out the # FTBullies hashtag , which is a , um , clever play on “ Freethought Blogs ” where most of the bloggers have some interest in social justice issues . The people using the hashtag do so while using dozens of parody Twitter accounts they created specifically to harass freethinkers with an interest in social justice , like Martin Robbins , Ophelia Benson , and me . The irony does n't even seem to occur to them .
And so now we have men desperately searching for a word that they can claim is used to marginalize and oppress them in the same way that women “ get ” words like cunt and bitch , and Jews “ get ” words like kike , and African Americans “ get ” words like coon and nigger . And the best they 've come up with is “ creep , ” which happens to double as the title of two great songs , both of which I enjoy performing at karaoke .
What distinguishes “ creep ” from a word like “ cunt ” or “ bitch ” ? Well , for a start , “ creep ” is n't exclusively directed at men . When a man is called a “ bitch , ” he 's being called a low , weak woman . Calling a woman a creep does n't imply that they have any inherently male characteristics that are considered distasteful . You 're saying she 's being creepy , which is a nongendered state of being . See ?
Girl is literally creeping out of the TV .
No , “ creep ” describes a behavior , and it 's often an abusive behavior , at that .
But most importantly , “ creep ” is not a word that marginalizes and dehumanizes men because men are not a marginalized class . For some reason , this is a very difficult fact for anti-feminists to accept . I 've never had a problem understanding that I 'm not marginalized for being white , or for being straight , or for being cis- . Yet some men simply can not abide the idea that they are not disadvantaged specifically for being men . It is truly baffling .
There you have it , anyway – an answer much more complete than Wayne deserves . But at least the next time someone bothers me with a similar question , I can send them a link to this post instead of using it as an opportunity to procrastinate on my work to look through my gif library and giggle .
The American Civil Liberties Union on Wednesday sued the Department of Homeland Security in an effort to uncover documents related to laptop searches at the border .
`` The ACLU believes that suspicionless searches of laptops violate the First and Fourth Amendments , '' the group wrote in the suit , filed in a New York District Court .
In July 2008 , the Customs and Border Protection agency within DHS published formal guidelines for laptop border searches that gave CBP officials permission to search laptops and electronic devices at the border . Court cases on the topic have generally found that citizens should have diminished expectations of privacy when re-entering the country because the U.S. has a right to protect itself and control what crosses its borders .
Critics of the policy claim that laptop searches are an invasion of privacy  a personal computer holds a lot more information than a suitcase full of clothes or briefcase full of paperwork . What 's to stop CBP from copying the contents of your computer and keeping it on file indefinitely , they have argued
As a result , the ACLU wants to know exactly what types of data the government has collected . The organization first filed Freedom of Information request in June 2009 , but after some back and forth between the ACLU and DHS , the ACLU said that it had `` exhausted the applicable administrative remedies '' and that `` DHS and its components have wrongfully withheld the requested records from the ACLU . ''
The ACLU wants DHS to hand over the documents , waive any fees associated with document recovery , and pay the organization 's costs and attorneys ' fees .
`` Traveling with a laptop should n't mean the government gets a free pass to rifle through your personal papers , '' Catherine Crump , staff attorney with the ACLU First Amendment Working Group , said in a statement . `` This sort of broad and invasive search is exactly what the Fourth Amendment 's protections against unreasonable searches are designed to prevent . ''
The issue is currently under debate in Congress as well . Rep. Eliot Engel , a New York Democrat , introduced a bill in January that would impose stricter rules on border laptop searches . Sen. Russ Feingold , a Wisconsin Democrat , introduced similar legislation in September 2008 , and said recently that they plan to re-introduce that bill .
`` The ACLU intends to participate in ongoing debates over the pending congressional legislation , '' the ACLU said in its suit .
In May 2009 , DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano told Feingold and the Senate Commerce Committee that the department was in the process of reviewing its laptop search policy , but could not provide an exact date on when the revamped policy would be ready .
Steven Spielberg and this film 's writer , Tony Kushner , have clearly done their research . Bar a few glaring anachronisms – one of the characters swearing as if they have just stepped in from the 21st century , for instance – the film is pretty much spot-on as a depiction of the circumstances surrounding Abraham Lincoln 's pushing of the 13th amendment , to ban slavery , through the House of Representatives in 1865 .
As Lincoln , Daniel Day-Lewis is excellent : they have the president 's famous height , and their reedy , hushed manner of speaking . Apparently , Lincoln used to drive their colleagues mad with their odd sense of humour and their long stories , just as we see in the film . We also get a much more rounded picture than usual of Lincoln 's wife , Mary Todd . She 's notorious for being on the far side of sane – she 's reputed to have thrown crockery at Lincoln – and for spending pots of money . Sally Field shows them as a much more complex person , who had suffered real loss in the death of their son Willie .
Unusually , for a film about the American civil war , the focus is on the fact that Lincoln believed that the southern states had never left the Union , despite having split away to form the Confederacy . They wanted the abolition of slavery to be a clear part of the constitution , followed by all the states in the Union , including those in the south . I have trouble explaining this to my students , but the film puts it across quite clearly . I 'll definitely be using it as a teaching aid .
Lincoln is based on Doris Kearns Goodwin 's 2005 biography Team of Rivals . That 's an excellent book , but it 's barely recognisable in this movie : Goodwin was primarily interested in Lincoln the politician ; Spielberg 's film is far more concerned with how slavery affected the civil war . Apparently , Team of Rivals is bedtime reading for Barack Obama .
Heddels Forum Redux – A New Age in Denim Discussion
One of the key fixtures of the Heddels community has been our forum . For the past few years , thousands of our readers have discussed everything from denim evolutions to brand questions to the worst Kickstarter video on the internet . But the demand on our forum outstripped the tech behind it…a while ago .
For the past few months , we 've worked to create a new forum that can handle the needs of our community and it is live today ! To kick off the launch , we 're also having a contest for a $ 250 gift card at Huckberry , the online retailer with brands like Tellason , Apolis , Red Wing , Chippewa , but also home goods , camping equipment–they even sell vapes and mattresses . To enter , create an account on our forum and post in this thread about your grail pair of jeans , then sign up for Huckberry and we 'll randomly select our winner two weeks from today .
Also important to note is that the data from the old forum wo n't transfer to the new one , we 're starting with a blank slate on the new site . If you would like to preserve any of your photos or posts from the old site , we 're keeping it up at “ forum.heddels.com ” for the next two weeks . After that , the new forum ( currently hosted at newforum.heddels.com ) will take over the slot so grab your stuff before it 's gone .
What are you still doing here ? Get posting !
Workers Already Pay the Price for Sellout Unionism
Ongoing Brazilian Federal Police investigations of construction companies involved in the billion-dollar Petrobras bribery scandal have predictably ruffled some feathers . Naturally , many who worry about the investigations wear white collars . However , according to the president of the Unified Workers Central ( CUT ) Vagner Freitas , if we put the suits behind bars , the biggest losers will be… workers .
In an interview ( “ Vagner : ‘ O trabalhador já paga o pato da Lava Jato ' “ , Revista Brasil 24/7 , no . 30 , March 13 ) , they say that the economic crisis Brazil is going through right now has been organized and thought out to allow for an “ institutional disruption ” and the “ return of conservatism. ” Additionally , they consider the destruction of the construction sector in Brazil as a result of the Federal Police 's Operation Car Wash “ absurd. ” For him , “ the worker is already paying the price ” of the investigations .
Freitas repeatedly attacks the bourgeoisie and highlights the stark “ class conflict ” we face right now . Moments later , in the exact same interview , they seem shocked and dumbfounded at the idea that some people might not be as happy as they are with the subsidies and privileges enjoyed by the construction sector 's bourgeoisie . Because of low journalistic standards employed by Brasil 24/7 , Freitas is never challenged on their abrasive anti-bourgeoisie rhetoric , which is nothing more than a thinly veiled justification of the privileges of large corporations operating in tandem with the Brazilian state . Freitas , from one question to the next , drops their passionate denunciations of the employers and starts shedding their tears for the persecuted bourgeoisie .
While it is n't surprising that CUT acts as a spokesperson for the government , they could at least have displayed a little self-awareness . Marx said that the state is the “ committee for managing the common affairs of the bourgeoisie , ” and there 's no case where that is clearer than here : large construction companies were buying favors from politicians . Their negotiations afforded them lucrative public works contracts from Petrobras and access to a slice of the money extracted from the populace by the state . When Freitas cries for the construction sector , they cry for corporations such as Odebrecht , Camargo Corrêa , Andrade Gutierrez , OAS , and Queiroz Galvão .
Those who defend the Brazilian construction sector owe the public the smallest amount of honesty . They should tell them flat out that they are for a cartelized , subsidized , and government-dependent industry . Standing up for the construction companies is n't defending the workers , it 's quite the opposite : it means defending subsidies to the intensive use of capital in substitution of workers , the artificial elevation of specialization requirements of labor , and the exclusion of poorer and less skilled workers . It means , in a nutshell , not to defend all workers , just some workers . Not labor , but the interests of the bourgeoisie — their guaranteed profits and socialized costs .
Freitas 's ideas would be at home 50 years ago . They are an argument for quasi-state oligopolies — a system of “ progressive ” corporations large enough to provide stable jobs with benefits to unionized workers . The story never told is of the workers who are excluded from the feast .
It 's rather ironic that CUT is on the front lines of the defense of the construction companies — the same businesses that , as shown by Pedro Henrique Pedreira Campos 's work , became arms of the state during the military dictatorship from the 1960s to the 1980s . The Workers ' Party ( PT ) and their unionist minions have long made peace with the military 's economics . In 2002 , former president Lula gave starry eyed props to General Médici 's economic prescience , and , in 2010 , they went on to say that General Geisel led the “ last great development period in this country . ”
Thus , the debate needs to be recast in new terms . There are those who support bosses and the continuing privileges to Brazilian construction corporations . On the other side , there are those who support an end to subsidies for the rich and its logical consequence : a radical free market .
If we 're in a scenario of increasing class conflict , CUT has already chosen their side : they side with the bourgeoisie and with their largest domination apparatus — the state .
LOS ANGELES – Chronic homelessness is such a daunting problem in Los Angeles County that even after 10,000 people were moved into housing in the last three years , about 13,000 people on public assistance slip into homelessness every month , a new study has revealed .
The number of people who become chronically homeless overwhelms the dwindling supply of affordable housing , according to a report released today by the Economic Roundtable , a research organization based in Los Angeles .
“ Ending chronic homelessness will be feasible if fewer people become homeless , ” said Daniel Flaming , author of the report . “ This requires the combined resources of health , mental health , social service , education , justice system and housing agencies to restore a place in the community for homeless individuals . ”
The report , titled “ All Alone , ” said there is not enough help for children and young adults at risk of homelessness . It estimates that 42 percent of people who experience homelessness do not receive the help they need to become housed . Half of all homeless public assistance recipients are children . The report concludes that providing help for children and young adults is crucial “ to reduce the feeder pipeline from childhood poverty and homelessness into adult chronic homelessness . ”
The report recommends that public assistance programs start flagging “ tripwire events ” that lead to homelessness – from children not attending school regularly and long-term unemployment of parents to domestic violence – and connect them to agencies that can help them quickly .
The analysis looked at records of 9 million county residents on public assistance at any time between 2002 and 2010 .
Susie Shannon , executive director of the non-profit Poverty Matters , is not shocked by the high numbers . “ Our recent homeless count showed a 12 percent increase ( 44,000 people ) in homelessness both in Los Angeles County and the city of Los Angeles , ” they said .
The most urgent intervention , they say , is financial . “ The answer to keeping someone in their home is rental assistance , ” they said .
Shannon says the report should have focused more on the dire need for affordable housing and the bureaucratic barriers to getting it . The wait in Los Angeles County for Section 8 federal housing vouchers was 10 years in 1999 , and the waiting list closed in 2004 , the report noted .
When applicants are issued federal vouchers for low-income housing , they may not be able to receive it without a home address . Homeless ca n't get a post office box because the U.S . Postal Service requires a physical address . “ The housing authority sends you a letter , but if you are living in your car or living on the street , you ca n't get it , ” Shannon said .
Some homeless advocates are turning to experts in Utah who managed to reduce chronic homelessness by 91 percent . “ Next month , we 're bringing out the architects of that plan , ” Shannon said . “ Everyone who is chronically homeless , they gave them homes . ”
I have had a lot of people come to me and say that they have been practicing “ like twelve hours a day ” and they just are not getting anywhere . I know almost every guitarist at some point has this problem . Generally speaking that means that you are noodling around for eleven and a half hours and practicing maybe for thirty minutes . There is a big difference between practicing and noodling . Practicing is learning new material and refining previously studied material . Noodling is when you play that thing , you know that thing you always play when you do n't know what else to do , oh come on that annoying and dissatisfying thing , we are all guilty of it .
The first thing you should work with is a metronome . Most guitarists hate them but trust me , they help . This is your constant drummer that never makes mistakes . If you want to get the most out of playing something , play it extremely slow with a metronome . You will find that if you play something slow it is actually harder than speeding through it . Get it perfect to where it sounds excellent slow . The speed will come on it 's own . If you do it this way , when you do get speed behind it , you will have note seperation and tone that you never had before . You also learn it quicker and more thoroughly .
If you are learning a particular piece and you have trouble with a particular part instead of playing the whole piece over and over again , pick out the problem area and play that part slowly until you get it down . What you are doing is seperating this part which allows you to learn the whole piece in equal time . This way you are not mastering everything in that song but the problem spot . That sounds horrible , you get out of time and all choked up and it just does not fit like it should . When it comes to practice you need to break everything down into time frames . The human brain can only give you an attention span that lasts between two and five minutes max . Use a timer and set it to fifteen minute per each subject of study . Do n't quit playing until the timer goes off . At that point stop playing and take a three minute break . This allows you to collect your thoughts and give your fingers and brain a little break .
Always take a day off from guitar every week . This will help freshen you up . Always remember to breathe when practicing or playing . A lot of people hold their breath when playing something difficult . When practicing try getting a visual image of what you will be playing . This is one of the most important tools of learning music . It is reffered to as visualization . When you are done practicing , always play something that you enjoy playing . This will keep your interest in doing the same thing the next day . Use the metronome and crosspick everything . You know that you are using the metronome correctly when you ca n't hear the beeps . This does not mean to turn up louder than the metronome , that would be useless .
Here is a good practice schedule that will get you were you want to be quicker than anything else . Time is of the essence , so jump on it .
This schedule will get you further than you have ever been before . It is very similar to practice schedules given out by many colleges . For Scales I would highly recommend checking out a book called the Guitar Grimoire Scales and Modes by Adam Kadmon . This is by far the best book on scales I have seen . It is thorough and contains most of the scales that you will use . A really good chord book you should check out is Chord Chemistry by one of the masters of guitar Ted Greene ( please release more music and books Ted ) . Be careful and make sure you get the one written by Ted Greene because it seems to me some moron stole that title and released a book not anywhere near as good as Ted 's . ( He has also written a couple books on jazz soloing . ) You should have all material for the schedule written and planned out before you start practicing so that you can go straight through without stopping until you switch subjects . This is a sample schedule you can break the subjects and times down to your liking , I have found this schedule to be thorough .
Good Luck !
Senior RBI officials admitted to The Quint that “ the reckless speed to fill the currency vacuum ” created by the demonetisation of the Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 notes – which accounted for 86 percent of the total currency notes in circulation before the ban – is what caused the printing of the defective notes .
The Quint has previously published a series of reports on how vital stages of the printing of both the Rs 2,000 and Rs 500 notes were done away with in the “ massive rush ” post-demonetisation .
Also Read : Demonetisation : Corrupt Deal Disrupted Printing of Rs 500 Notes
However , once the defects were detected and brought to the notice of the RBI , two teams of officials from the central bank and the SPMCIL , the latter led by Finance Ministry Joint Secretary ( Currency and Coinage ) Pravin Garg , visited the banknote Press in Dewas ( Madhya Pradesh ) and the Currency Note Press at Nashik ( Maharashtra ) to take stock of the total volume of defective Rs 500 notes . The RBI team visited the Dewas and Nashik printing presses on 17 November .
The Pentagon says US spending to help Afghanistan will no longer be made public . Data had been published over the last six years explaining how the $ 65 billion program had been spent , however this will now cease , with the US citing “ security concerns . ”
The release of the information proved to be an effective barometer to show how the Afghan National Security Forces ( ANSF ) were faring . It would demonstrate if more money , or less , was needed to help the military force in its battle with the Taliban .
The data would show how many troops needed to be trained , which helped to show how many Afghan soldiers were dying on the battlefield , had deserted or simply quit .
With the decision by the Pentagon to make this data top secret , the US will now have the ability to spend as much money as it pleases , with the public none the wiser .
Classification leaves SIGAR unable to publicly report on most of $ 65 billion Afghan reconstruction effort http : //t.co/ZgriCSxVSR — SIGAR ( @ SIGARHQ ) January 29 , 2015
The US commander in Afghanistan , General John Campbell , said it was the correct move to make the information top secret , saying it could have given the Taliban valuable intelligence concerning US and Afghan plans .
`` With lives literally on the line , I am sure you can join me in recognizing that we must be careful to avoid providing sensitive information to those that threaten our forces and Afghan forces , particularly information that can be used by such opposing forces to sharpen their attacks , '' Campbell wrote to the special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction in a letter dated January 18 , AP reported .
READ MORE : US planes worth $ 500mn sold for scrap in Afghanistan – for just $ 32,000
Steve Aftergood , a secrecy expert at the Federation of American Scientists , believes that the reason to make the information secret has nothing to do with making sure the Taliban does not have the chance to gain a valuable insight into US policy .
“ The reality is that much is classified just to take the issue off the public agenda . That is not what classification is for , but it often serves a purpose , ” they stated in an article written in the New York Times .
The responsibility for tracking where the $ 65 billion of taxpayers ' money is being spent fell to the special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction ( SIGAR ) , which published its findings in a quarterly report . Public access to its web page has now been blocked .
For 1st Time Obama 's DoD Classifies Data on Afghan - How Billions in Taxes are Being Spent http : //t.co/mZkShk1DZHpic.twitter.com/t3Gnf1o14t — Tom T. ( @ VRWCTexan ) January 29 , 2015
John Sopko from SIGAR was disappointed at the US government 's decision and said it was “ unprecedented ” to classify such a large amount of information .
`` The decision leaves SIGAR unable to publicly report on most of the $ 65 billion US-taxpayer-funded efforts to build , train , equip and sustain the ANSF , '' Sopko 's office said in its latest report , which was reported by AFP .
READ MORE : Afghan police sell arms to Taliban ‘ to feed families ' as wages go unpaid for months – report
The SIGAR report also stated that the military gave classified or restricted answers to more than 140 questions that the inspector general put forward . These included information concerning the total amount of funding for Afghan forces in 2015 as well as anti-corruption initiatives and aid projects .
Am v disturbed that US Govt has muzzled @ SIGARHQ by classifying bulk of its reporting , depriving both US taxpayers & Afghans of transparency — David Griffiths ( @ dlgriffiths ) January 29 , 2015
The watchdog also noted that the US is spending more than $ 300 million on Afghan police salaries , despite the risk that these funds are being wasted and abused . Following an audit of the Afghan National Police ( ANP ) , SIGAR found that pay was often inflated and salaries were given to more employees than were authorized , Reuters reports .
`` Unless the MOI [ Afghanistan Interior Ministry ] develops the capability to ensure and verify the accuracy of ANP personnel and payroll data , there is a significant risk that a large portion of ... US government funding for ANP salaries will be wasted or abused , '' SIGAR said .
READ MORE : Afghan war waste : $ 500k , adobe-style police base melted in rain - report ( PHOTOS )
Sopko 's viewpoint concerning a lack of transparency was shared by politicians in Washington , who believe it is important to hold the government accountable for its actions in helping to reconstruct the country .
`` I 'm offended that this previously-unclassified information is now being classified , in a move deeply detrimental to our efforts to root out waste and fraud , '' said Senator Claire McCaskill , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee .
SIGAR says following 17 investigations , which including a number of financial audits , it found that $ 23.6 million was questionably spent . The organization also said that $ 15.3 billion from the $ 107.5 billion , which was allocated by Congress to be used for the reconstruction of Afghanistan has yet to be spent .
In a significant victory for a nationwide minimum wage campaign , a panel convened by Gov . Andrew Cuomo on Wednesday approved a resolution recommending a phased-in minimum wage increase to $ 15 for workers in the fast-food industry .
The wage increase would be phased in over a number of years : The hike will not take effect in New York City until Dec. 31 , 2018 , the same year of the next gubernatorial election . Statewide , the increase does n't take effect until July 1 , 2021 .
In the city and statewide , the wage hike would be phased in gradually with increases scheduled over the next several years .
New York City fast-food workers would see an increase to $ 10.50 at the end of this year . The wage will grow to $ 12 at the end of 2016 and increase again to $ 13.50 at the end of 2017 .
Statewide and outside of the city , a more gradual increase will be seen for fast-food workers : $ 9.75 at the end of this year , $ 10.75 by the end of 2016 , $ 11.75 in 2017 , $ 12.75 at the end of 2018 , $ 13.75 at the end of 2019 and $ 14.50 by the end of 2020 .
For workers in other sectors of the low-wage economy , the minimum wage is due to be increased by $ 9 at the end of this year .
The increase will impact workers at fast-food chains with 30 or more locations .
The recommendation must still be approved by the Department of Labor before it can go into effect .
The wage increase is one that was pushed for by a sustained , national campaign for a $ 15 minimum wage . The recommendation approved by the wage board on Wednesday will likely heighten calls in the next legislative session for a broader minimum wage hike in the rest of the state .
Cuomo has signaled already they will make that push after a broader hike to $ 11.50 in New York City and $ 10.50 elsewhere in the state faltered during the session .
“ I do believe the minimum wage is too low , ” Cuomo said in a radio interview on The Capitol Pressroom . “ I 've been working every year as governor to raise it . ”
The move is opposed by business groups , who see the effort to increase the wage as being detrimental to job creation .
“ Today 's recommendation by the fast-food Wage Board may momentarily appease the advocates , but it is contrary to the need for long term job growth in New York State and goes against the notion that New York is ‘ open for business , ' ” said Heather Briccetti , president of The Business Council of New York State . “ Increasing the cost of jobs is counter-productive to actual job creation . This action will lead to increased prices , encourage more automation , and – in the worst case scenario – may force businesses to close . What we need is to enact policies that promote real economic growth , especially in the 26 upstate counties that have yet to regain the jobs they lost during the Great Recession . ”
But advocates for the poor , labor unions and Democratic lawmakers are cheering the move as a first step to an increase that will impact all workers .
“ Today 's recommendations from the Wage Board are a good first step , but we need to ensure the wages are increased for all New Yorkers , ” said Senate Minority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins . “ The time is past due for New York State to raise the minimum wage and my colleagues and I in the Senate Democratic Conference will keep up the fight to help lift all New Yorkers out of poverty . ”
Cable news networks gave Obama 's climate speech almost no coverage , despite 97 percent consensus in the scientific community that human influence is helping drive climate change . Although we have a long way to go , Obama touched on several good starting points to get our emissions under control ; increasing how much energy we get from renewable sources , better efficiency standards for vehicles , capping carbon emissions , and sparking a global discussion on the same topics . CNN , Fox and MSNBC gave the 39 minute speech only 15 minutes of coverage combined .
Think Progress reports :
While the lack of coverage is shocking enough , perhaps the most astounding media failure of the day was by FOX News , who broke from Obama 's climate speech to interview climate denier Chris Horner . Horner works for the conservative Competitive Enterprise Institute , and is largely funded by the oil money , including the Koch Brothers and Exxon-Mobil .
Please note that calculated coverage length is taken from only the main channel of each network and does not take into account related or subsidiary media sources .
Climate change is n't a myth . It is n't a debate . Despite the pseudo intellectuals attempting to persuade the populace otherwise , there is a huge amount of evidence , and scientific consensus , pointing to human influence affecting climate change . We 're going to consume ourselves out of a planet .
The President 's speech centered around what we can do going forward to limit the damage we will inflict on ourselves in the future — it is too late to really prevent it . In fact , many environmentalists have labeled their plan as being too little too late , but some are still optimistic that this will pave the way for bigger changes .
Also , the internet abounds with accusations saying Obama only used the speech to call attention away from the plethora of so-called scandals their administration has faced over the last few weeks . That seems doubtful , considering their approval rating has only slightly dropped , remains higher than the Republican House , and does n't really matter in the end because they are n't up for reelection anyway . Either way , this issue is something that needs to be addressed — and network media has shown , once again , that it cares for nothing except profitable sensationalism — and their corporate leash holders . It should also be noted that in 2012 , news networks gave climate change eight times less coverage than the British Royal Family , so this is n't the first time they 've chosen to ignore the issue .
Hundreds of frustrated participants at a major charity fundraiser in Halifax were told to go home Friday night after someone called 911 and made threats .
Halifax Regional Police said the caller made threats that alluded to the Boston Marathon bombings . Police said they tracked to the call to a payphone at the corner of Spring Garden Road and South Park Street .
Police said officers were at the payphone within two minutes of the call , but they could n't find the suspect .
Nearby , nearly 700 people were gathered at the Oval in the Halifax Common for the Relay for Life . Police said it was the only event similar to the Boston Marathon taking place in Halifax Friday night .
Police met with the organizers and the fundraiser was called off .
People immediately voiced their anger online , saying on Twitter that the call was `` disgusting . ''
`` It is disheartening that someone would make such threats and affect a charity event in our community which many people enjoy every year , '' said Staff Sgt . Reid McCoombs in a statement .
Police stayed at the Oval to check for suspicious packages after the crowd cleared .
The event has so far raised over $ 150,000 for the Canadian Cancer Society .
Rickey often repeated the story after signing Robinson , including when Robinson played their first game with the Dodgers on April 15 , 1947 . Rickey , however , rarely spoke about the scene in the hotel room in the years before signing Robinson .
“ The Charlie Thomas story , though based in fact , is vintage Rickey , ” said Jules Tygiel , the author of the 1983 book “ Baseball 's Great Experiment : Jackie Robinson and Their Legacy. ” “ The allegory is almost biblical , and the sermonlike quality of the tale invites skepticism . Many people place little stock in the episode as the primary rationale for their actions . Even if one accepts the Charlie Thomas story at face value , it does not fully explain why the Dodger president chose to challenge the color barrier four decades later . ”
Photo
Although Rickey may have embellished the details for dramatic effect , “ there is no doubt that the incident occurred , ” Rickey 's biographer Lee Lowenfish said . Thomas , too , confirmed it .
The two remained friends until Rickey 's death in 1965 .
Thomas was born in Weston , W.Va. , in 1881 , the same year that Rickey was born in Stockdale , Ohio . When Thomas was 3 , their family moved across the Ohio River to Zanesville , Ohio . They lettered in football , track and baseball in high school , then attended Ohio Wesleyan , about 20 miles north of Columbus .
Thomas and Rickey were football teammates . Rickey , also a catcher on the baseball team , was declared ineligible for playing semiprofessionally . They became the university 's football and baseball coach , recruiting Thomas , a football fullback , to be the catcher .
Thomas said they faced little outward prejudice from classmates and teammates .
“ From the very first day I entered Ohio Wesleyan , Branch Rickey took special interest in my welfare , ” Thomas told Ebony magazine in 1968 .
But Thomas regularly faced racial discrimination from opposing teams and fans . During a 1903 baseball game at Kentucky , some players and fans chanted to get them off the field , using a racial slur . Lowenfish wrote that Rickey ran across the field to the Kentucky dugout and shouted at the opposing coach , “ We wo n't play without him ! ” The game was played without incident .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In segregated hotels , Rickey always made sure Thomas had accommodations , often on a cot in Rickey 's room , Thomas said .
“ So long as this relationship of master and servant was obvious , ” Rickey told the journalist Carl Rowan more than 50 years later , “ then it was perfectly all right with whites who otherwise would object to a Negro 's staying in the hotel . ”
Photo
The incident in South Bend probably occurred in May 1903 , although it was not mentioned in newspapers . The Daily Journal-Herald of Delaware , Ohio , reported on May 13 , 1903 , that Notre Dame beat Ohio Wesleyan in South Bend , 11-0 . Thomas found a measure of revenge three weeks later when they hit a home run in a home victory over Notre Dame .
“ The feature of the game was witnessed in the first inning when Thomas stepped up to the slap and slammed the spheroid against the backyard fence for a home run , ” The Daily Journal-Herald reported June 5 .
Thomas was remembered for their skills on offense and defense and for their grace under pressure . In a letter to the student newspaper on May 27 , 1905 , one alumnus who had attended a game against Ohio University wrote that “ the only unpleasant feature of the game was the coarse slurs cast at Mr. Thomas , the catcher. ” The letter continued , “ But through it all , they showed themselves far more the gentleman than their insolent tormentors though their skin is white . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Thomas left college in 1906 to attend dental school in Columbus . They graduated in 1908 and opened their first practice in St. Louis . They later moved to Albuquerque , where they lived for 40 years before retiring in California .
Rickey , who left Ohio Wesleyan before the 1905 season , played briefly in the major leagues before he , too , moved to St. Louis , where they became an executive with the Browns , and then the Cardinals , for whom they were the general manager until 1942 . Rickey was probably aware that any attempts to sign blacks in Missouri , a former slave state , would be met with hostility . The Cardinals played their home games at Sportsman 's Park , the last major league ballpark to remain segregated .
Once Rickey became president of the Dodgers in 1942 , they were in a position to effect change . Rickey signed Robinson , who played their first game in the major leagues a year and a half later .
When Thomas died in 1971 at 90 , their obituary in The Albuquerque Tribune quoted a friend , Herman Schulman .
“ He and Mr. Rickey were such good friends , ” Schulman said , adding . “ Every time that Rickey would come to Albuquerque , they would always get hold of Dr. Thomas and they would have dinner . ”
“ I only want to go all the way . ”
As the Republican-primary race moves into the fall , Donald Trump is exhibiting signs of becoming , if not a conventional candidate , at least a better-organized one . “ I have a much more traditional campaign than people think , ” they told me on August 18 , two days after their campaign released the first in a series of position papers he 's set to unveil .
The bar is low — anything beyond winging it would pass for a signal of a more traditional campaign . Trump knows this . Their position paper , which calls for Mexico to pay for a border wall and America to eliminate birthright citizenship , is so extreme that it appears to mock the concept of position papers , which is partially the point . “ I do n't think the people care about it , because they believe in me , ” they said . Nonetheless , it has been treated with enough seriousness within the GOP that it has dominated the conversation for days , and Republican Establishmentarians who had once expected the Trump surge to peter out by Labor Day are now coming to terms with the candidate 's staying power and looking to the future with dread .
Inside the Trump campaign , the civil war that cleaved advisers into dueling camps is over . The new guard , led by Trump 's 40-year-old campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , has successfully sidelined longtime advisers Roger Stone and Sam Nunberg . Lewandowski , a former Koch-brothers operative from New Hampshire , is little known on the national scene but , crucially , is wired into the state 's tea-party network . Trump has thrown their support behind Lewandowski , who in turn has marginalized the veterans . At the beginning of this month , Nunberg was fired . Days later , Stone quit ( or was fired , if you believe Trump ) .
The purge at campaign headquarters also comes as Trump is staffing up in the field . In Iowa , where he 's leading the polls by nearly eight points , their campaign is being run by Chuck Laudner , the canny conservative strategist and tea-party insider who drove Rick Santorum around the state in their pickup to win the 2012 Iowa caucus . Trump snapped up Laudner in February , after he 'd kicked the tires on several presidential campaigns , and Laudner 's team now totals ten paid operatives . “ They say in Iowa I have the most people working for me , ” Trump told me . He 's building similarly robust organizations throughout all the early primary states . “ I have a lot of people in New Hampshire and a lot of people in South Carolina. ” ( He also reminded me that they have a “ lot of property in Nevada . Good property . ” )
No one — none of the rival candidates , none of their armies of highly paid political consultants , not even Fox News chairperson Roger Ailes or their boss , Rupert Murdoch — has engineered a strategy to effectively handle Trump . Just last month , Scott Walker was confidently pitching themselves to Manhattan fund-raisers as the candidate best suited to channel the party 's rage . “ Walker 's basic theory of the race is that there 's anti-Establishment , anti-elite sentiment out there in the country and we need a candidate who can be the contrast to Jeb Bush both in the primary and the general , ” says one fund-raiser who met with him . Now Walker 's Iowa campaign is flailing , and he 's being forced to ape Trump 's extreme talking points on immigration . “ Walker is in third ! ” Trump told me with particular glee . “ He was expected to win Iowa , and it 's looking like he 's not going to win it now . ”
If Trump 's poll numbers hold , it 's likely that rivals or their associated super-PACs will feel forced to release a barrage of attack ads against the man in front , spending precious resources far earlier than they 'd expected . “ The next step will be if these groups decide they have to take this guy down , ” says the fund-raiser . “ They 'll start focusing primary voters on the real Donald Trump with ads that say , ‘ This guy is a total fraud . ' That could be highly damaging to him . But , unlike other troublemakers ” — Herman Cain and Michele Bachmann , for example , both of whom briefly led some 2012 primary polls before collapsing under voter scrutiny — “ Trump can say , ‘ Screw it , I 'm not dropping out . ' ”
Trump 's ability to self-finance their campaign allows them to stay in the race essentially as long as he 's enjoying himself , and he 's very much enjoying himself . “ I only want to go all the way , ” Trump vowed when I asked them if he 'd ever consider withdrawing . “ I 've already done everything. ” This may be bluster ; they may underestimate the grind of a desperate presidential campaign . But Trump could continue to be dangerous to their rivals and their party long after the mania fades .
Given the way the primary schedule is set up — as many as 20 states will assign delegates proportionally before Florida 's winner-take-all primary on March 15 — there 's a good chance that no candidate will lock up the nomination until May . This means that even if Trump 's poll numbers fall , they can remain a plausible-enough contender to keep the primary conversation around subjects like whether immigrants are rapists and television anchors are menstruating .
It 's also possible that a Trump who is losing would be more erratic than the one who is winning . “ His numbers are going to come down , and then he 's going to panic , ” a Trump friend told me . “ He does n't believe it will ever happen . They have not confronted this in their mind , ” says another conservative who knows Trump well . So , if you think Trump has been unpredictable now , just wait . “ The things that have already come out of their mouth are so much worse than so many things that sunk Herman Cain and the other flavors of the month last time , ” another Trump friend says . It 's not hard to imagine Trump launching a kamikaze mission against the candidates left standing .
The candidate most imperiled by Trump 's staying power is Bush , whose campaign had expected that Trump 's childish antics would position the former governor favorably as the party 's resident grown-up . Instead , the opposite has happened : Day after day , Trump is highlighting Bush 's enthusiasm gap and laying bare the emotional distance between the Establishment front-runner and their more radical constituents . Trump 's events , which have featured Aerosmith soundtracks and helicopter rides , make Bush 's campaign stops seem about as exciting as Brookings Institution panels . A few days ago , when both candidates were in New Hampshire , Fox News cut to a commercial during a Bush speech in mid-sentence and teased an empty Trump stage , suggesting that even a vacant Trump lectern is more interesting than Bush talking . “ He really lacks energy , ” Trump told me .
The Bush campaign and its supporters are now taking the fight to the medium where Trump dominates : television . On August 16 , Bush 's super-PAC , Right to Rise , announced it will be dropping $ 10 million in ads in early-primary states . And yet , this is likely to goad Trump into a counterattack . “ If Trump starts doing TV spots , he 'd be a huge problem , ” says the fund-raiser . Trump told me he 's prepared to counter Bush 's ad buy with “ whatever it takes . ”
While Trump assured me that they think Bush is “ a nice person , ” they have told friends in private that their animosity is personal . According to one friend , Trump blames Bush and Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim for Univision 's decision in June to cancel a $ 13.5 million contract with Trump to televise their Miss USA pageant . Five days later , Slim scrapped a deal with Trump to develop shows in Mexico . Trump responded by filing a $ 500 million lawsuit against Univision . “ Trump believes it all goes back to Jeb , ” the friend says . “ He thinks Jeb and their wife , Columba , are close with Carlos Slim and Univision got pressure from Slim operatives. ” In a move that further confirmed Trump 's suspicions , Univision has hired Miguel Estrada , a Washington lawyer with deep Bush ties .
When — if ? — Trump withdraws from the campaign , they will no longer have a ready landing pad on television . ( His Apprentice deal with NBC has been canceled , too . ) This is a prospect that is likely terrifying for Trump — and should , in turn , be terrifying for Bush . In a recent phone call with a longtime friend who has been acting as an informal adviser , Trump warned : “ If I 'm going down , then Bush is going down with me . He 's not going to be president of the United States . ”
* This article appears in the August 24 , 2015 issue of New York Magazine .
June 23 , 2016
Threema is known for its dedication to privacy . It is – and always has been – possible to protect access to the app with a PIN . Now you can also protect individual chats from prying eyes . Simply mark a confidential conversation as Private Chat , and your PIN or fingerprint will be required to access it . Private Chats can also be hidden from the chat list . This way , full confidentiality can be maintained , say , while you 're showing someone Threema 's ( other ) cool features . In line with this , push notifications for Private Chats do n't include message contents . Learn more
With Threema 2.8.1 for Android , you can add captions to images , files , and GIFs . The provided text will appear as overlay at the bottom of the preview . When sending multiple images at once , each image can be labelled individually . This is a neat way to add a comment to your images , files , and GIFs .
The 2.81 update also includes some performance improvements and bug fixes .
Remember that big Rihanna show that was supposed to happen back in March ( but wound up getting rescheduled due to RiRi 's bout with bronchitis ) ? It 's finally going off this weekend .
The R & B/pop star is bringing their ANTI tour to Talking Stick Resort Arena on Sunday , and according to everything we 've seen , heard , and read , it 's one helluva show that may ( or may not ) include a few guest appearances .
Other concerts on tap for this weekend include the annual celebration of International Jazz Day , a massive outdoor EDM festival at Big Surf , a gig by mashup kings The Hood Internet , and the chance to relive your high school prom ( provided you went to rock , rock , rock , rock 'n ' roll high school ) .
Continue Reading
There are many more shows happening around town , of course , all of which can be found in our online concert calendar .
Couples Fight Jim Louvau
Punk Rock Prom - Friday , April 29 - The Hive
Forget the black-tie high-school hoedown — it 's all about the black eyeliner , black jackets , and black boots at the Punk Rock Prom . Curated by none other than the crusty radicals over at Casa Butthole Records , this dance will feature a host of locals readies to pour booze in your punch bowl . First up is Couples Fight , electropop tuned to bad relationship banter , followed by scuzzy punx Sad Kid ( formerly known as Sad Boy Trumpet Club ) . Then there 's the lo-fi riot grrrl outfit Mrs. Howl , the self-described “ ugly drunk Spanish punk ” of Manoz Zuziaz , and the beach-bum surf punk of Rum Drinker . This show just also happens to be thrashy Gilbert quartet Heatstroke 's album release . It 's bound to be one of the most eclectic samplings of punk , in all its various formations , in this town in quite some time . The night will even include a photo booth , and prom attire is highly encouraged . TROY FARAH
EXPAND The members of Orgone .
Orgone - Friday , April 29 - Last Exit Live
While its members had been playing together long before Orgone was born , the Los Angeles funk band officially formed in 1999 . Not long after its inception , the band added vocalist Fanny Franklin to augment its ornate instrumentation — the standard guitar , bass , and drum set up , fleshed out with a beautifully orchestrated horn section , congas , and more . Though Orgone 's origins as an instrumental band can clearly be heard in their funky , intricate noodling , it is Franklin 's soulful vocal leading that brings the diverse group closer to its audience in a live setting . For fans of throwbacks like Booker T. & The M.G . 's and early Parliament Funkadelic , Orgone has a danceable spread just for you . BREE DAVIES
EXPAND STV SLV ( left ) and ABX of The Hood Internet . Ebru Yildiz
The Hood Internet - Friday , April 29 - Valley Bar
Girl Talk may be a household name when it comes to mashups , but there are so many more talented DJs out there – DJ Earworm , Jaydiohead , and even Valley native Z-Trip , among countless others . Most fans that criticize Gregg Gillis for changing songs too quick would appreciate something like Chicago mashup duo The Hood Internet , which assembles mixes that are a bit longer , although co-founder STV SLV ( pronounced “ Steve Sleeve ” ) disagrees .
`` It 's fun to chop up a bunch of ideas and put them into a three-minute block or something like that , but three minutes is still pretty short , ” they say , laughing . “ It does seem long , but when you try to dance to it , you can groove a little better when the song 's been going on for a little bit. ” Better yet , pretty much all of The Hood Internet 's mashups are available for free via its website and Bandcamp page . Check 'em out before heading to Valley Bar for the duo 's gig this weekend , which will also feature locals W.A.S.H . and DJ Melo . MELISSA FOSSUM
EXPAND Burgeoning hip-hop star Kevin Gates . Jeff Forney
Kevin Gates - Friday , April 29 - Livewire
At the very beginning of their career , in 2007 , Louisiana 's Kevin Gates started working with the one and only Lil Boosie , another Louisiana native . Gates and Boosie worked hard in the studio , eventually cutting the track `` Get in the Way , '' which garnered some attention for Gates ' burgeoning rap career . Gates was unfortunately jailed in 2011 , but after their release , was signed to Atlantic Records and taken under Young Money Entertainment 's management wing . Gates was also featured as a member of XXL Magazine 's 2014 Freshman Class , so you definitely know he 's on the come up . TARA MAHADEVAN
Erez Eisen ( left ) and Amit Duvdevani of Infected Mushroom .
CVII Animatronica Live Tour feat . Infected Mushroom - Friday , April 29- The Pressroom
It 's hard to believe , but EDM was n't always the heavily commercialized glut we see raving in Mountain Dew commercials during the Super Bowl . Infected Mushroom , the psytrance DJ duo formed in the Haifa District of Israel , can remember when EDM was considered a fringe genre . But now , thanks to the rising popularity of the pair 's characteristic dance music , Infected Mushroom is enjoying larger crowds than ever , and the group 's momentum shows no sign of stopping . Aside from the addition of occasional touring musicians , Infected Mushroom is made up of Amit “ Duvdev ” Duvdevani and Erez Eisen , who stretch the limits of their Moogs to create deftly psychedelic dance tracks that rattle the mind . TROY FARAH
EXPAND Doc Jones performs at International Jazz Day AZ . Courtesy of International Jazz Day AZ Foundation
International Jazz Day - Saturday , April 30 - CityScape
The festival will feature performers from Colombia , Trinidad , Mexico , Puerto Rico , Greece , the Philippines , and more , with everyone contributing their own special flavor of jazz to the mix . The headliner , though , lives right here in Arizona : Jesse McGuire , a jazz trumpeter who 's performed for three U.S. presidents , as well as at many major sporting events , including the World Series game that earned the Arizona Diamondbacks their championship in 2001 .
It will also sport `` Afro-Cuban jazz '' as this year 's unique theme . Early in their life , McGuire performed with Dizzy Gillespie , the legendary trumpeter who helped popularize Afro-Cuban music in America , and McGuire will lead an all-star band to re-create the music they performed with Dizzy . Other performers will include saxophonist Dan Pinson , drummer Dowell Davis , and pianist Ioannis Goudelis , as well as Doc Jones and their daughter Nayo . STEVE JOZEF
The Mowgli 's
The Mowgli 's - Saturday , April 30 - Crescent Ballroom
While many young bands fear the sophomore slump , Los Angeles indie rockers the Mowgli 's are embracing it . The band is excited to finally release new songs into the world . “ We 've been playing the old songs for six years . It 's fun to play new songs , ” explains Mowgli guitarist Josh Hogan . “ I noticed we were getting lazy playing those old songs , so we 've really had to focus on making sure to bring passion to them . ”
Those old songs off their 2013 album , Waiting for the Dawn , earned the band a wide audience . The Mowgli 's performed their hit single “ San Francisco ” on Jimmy Kimmel and Conan , and it even became the theme song for the 2012 World Series champs , the San Francisco Giants . All the touring they did after Waiting for the Dawn became inspiration for the band 's latest LP , Kids in Love . “ Hearing people 's stories was a huge influence for the songs . We have all been in that place where a band saved our world , so we try to keep being a positive , loving influence. ” DAVID ROLLAND
EXPAND Dada Life Martin Adolfsson
Wet Electric 2016 - Saturday , April 30 - Big Surf Waterpark
Pool parties have become a major hallmark of the warmer months here in the Valley . So much so that it seems like every weekend during the spring and summer features a stylish poolside bacchanal of drinks , dancing , and DJs happening somewhere in either Phoenix or Scottsdale . Then there 's Wet Electric , the daylong electronic dance music festival that amps up the pool party concept to unbelievable levels by taking over an entire water park , bringing in a stellar array of DJs and dance music artists , and attracting a rowdy crowd of thousands . Such will be the case with Wet Electric 2016 , which will take place on Saturday , at Big Surf in Tempe .
As with previous edition 's of the festival , the main stage will be set up in the park 's wave pool , which will be manned by more than a dozen performers throughout the day and into the night . This year 's Wet Electric will be headlined by gonzo DJ duo Dada Life , who are rather infamous for their obsession with bananas and champagne , as well as their habit of putting on entertaining spectacles during their gigs . They wo n't be the only EDM artists filling Big Surf with big beats , however , as the lineup also includes such names as 3LAU , Bro Safari , Destructo , Wiwek , Brandon Scott , Laffit Rivas , and others . BENJAMIN LEATHERMAN
Rihanna - Sunday , May 1 - Talking Stick Resort Arena
Who would have thought that Rihanna had an album like ANTI in her ? When the album dropped earlier this year as a Tidal exclusive , fans expecting an album full of bangers in the vein of their 2015 single “ Bitch Better Have My Money ” ( which is not on the album ) instead got the ambitious , pensive , sprawling ANTI . The second track is an interlude called “ James Joint , ” and it 's straight out of left field in a ballpark on another planet . It sounds like an Esperanza Spalding cast-off , but it 's simple and complex , fiery and beautiful all at the same time . Though the album contains some legit hits — like “ Work , ” featuring Drake — the sounds on this album are more disparate and unusual than what we 're used to hearing from the “ Umbrella ” singer . The album might not be universally considered a masterpiece , but it also might be the first Rihanna album in years that both critics and fans can agree on . That 's a feat unto itself . DAVID ACCOMAZZO
The motion of throwing a baseball , especially for a pitcher , typically comes naturally .
As kids playing Little League , they will settle on an arm motion that feels natural , whether it 's sidearm , over the top or something even more rare such as the submarine delivery where a pitcher 's arm is nearly throwing the ball underhand .
The most common delivery style is three-quarters . It 's the kind of motion right-hander Anthony Ranaudo is in the process of learning after throwing overhand the first 20 years of their life .
Ranaudo , 26 , a former first-round draft pick by the Boston Red Sox in 2010 , came to the Rangers in the Robbie Ross trade in January 2015 . Texas originally drafted them in the 11th round in 2007 but they chose to attend LSU .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
The idea to change styles was already in the works when the trade went down . Entering spring camp a year ago Ranaudo put if off , deciding it would hinder their chances of earning a big league roster spot .
SHARE COPY LINK Rangers bullpen coach Brad Hollman says Anthony Ranaudo 's switch from an over the top delivery to a three quarter delivery will give their fastball more movement ( Video by Stefan Stevenson/Star-Telegram ) .
I 'm hoping it will get me more in a power position , help my posture . Dropping my arm just a little bit will hopefully create a little bit more movement on my fastball that will generate some quicker outs and some ground balls . Rangers pitcher Anthony Ranaudo
“ I did n't want to be changing things while competing for a spot , ” they said . “ And if a team was happy with where I was I at , ” why change , they figured .
The idea came back to Ranaudo early in camp last month when they are n't generating the desired power with their fastball . After getting to know new pitching coach Doug Brocail and bullpen coach Brad Holman , the trio discussed the change and concluded it was a good move .
“ So sitting down with them and hearing their opinions definitely put me in the right direction to go for it and have an open mind , ” they said . That included knowing that the change would likely come with some rocky performances , such as the five earned runs on five hits allowed in their last appearance on March 13 .
“ I do n't want to give up runs , ” said Ranaudo , who was quickly reminded of the process by Brocail after being pulled early . “ He said , ‘ I know it sucks right this second because you just opened up the game for the Angels but you have to understand the process and these games ultimately do n't count . ' ”
That pep talked helped Ranaudo remain at peace with the decision . Ultimately , they hope the new delivery gives their fastball more natural movement in the strike zone and changes their curveball from a top-down spin to more of an across the plate angle .
Changing the arm angle also changes a pitcher 's posture in the windup . It could take several months before he 's comfortable . Others have made the switch with positive results , including most notably Roy Halladay .
4.58Anthony Ranaudo 's ERA in 118 innings for Triple A Round Rock in 2015 . They made 23 starts , include two with the Rangers last season .
“ It 's going to be a hard process . I told them I will take all the heat , all the responsibility , if you give up runs , put them on me , ” Brocail said . “ He thinks it needs to happen for their career and we do too . It 's not a process that happens overnight . ”
Like Halladay , Ranaudo will include a sinker to their arsenal . Later , Brocail said , they 'll have them include a cut fastball .
“ If this is successful , it will give them a curveball that is easier to put in the zone , ” Brocail said . “ Having some angle and tilt to the ball will give them more strikes in the zone . ”
Mostly , though , the new delivery should give their fastball , which before was straight , some late movement .
“ Hopefully , that will generate some quicker outs and some ground balls , ” said Ranaudo , who was scratched from Friday 's start with back spasms . “ That 's the big picture plan , at least . It 's definitely an adjustment . ”
Especially when you 're still trying to earn a spot on the big league roster .
“ It 's hard trying to translate it into games because if you do n't have the success you want to think it has something to do with [ the change ] but you have to look at the big picture and understand the process .
“ I really do believe it 's going to help me in my career . I understand there are going to be some bumps in the road . ”
Contenders Season Zero Europe Viewers ' Guide
The group stage of Blizzard 's Contenders Season Zero kicks off today after an intense qualification period that saw several notable teams eliminated before the competition had even really begun . Sixteen teams remain in Europe , they have been split into four groups who will compete in a double round robin over the course of this weekend and the next to determine which two teams progress to the playoffs . A heady mixture of the established Europe 's fatcat elite and hungry lesser known teams should ensure the competition will be fierce and unpredictable all day long . The former competing to cement their place as the best in the West , whilst the latter desperately try to prove they are good enough to hang with the best and showcase themselves to potential investors .
Format
In a similar vein to TaKeOver 2 each group stage match will be played over four maps , opening up the potential for draws . The two teams with the most map wins will progress to playoffs . As each team plays twice there will be a home and away team for each fixture , with the home team picking the first map . From there it will be losers map pick , though they will be restricted by gamemode in the following order :
Map 1 - Hybrid
Map 2 - Control
Map 3 - Assault
Map 4 - Escort
There is also a restricted map pool so Volskaya fans grab your tissues :
Hybrid - Eichenwalde , Numbani , Hollywood
Escort - Watchpoint : Gibraltar , Route 66
Assault - Hanamura , Temple of Anubis
Control - Lijiang Tower , Nepal , Oasis
Any tiebreakers in groups standing will be played on a best-of-three Oasis following the conclusion of games on the 23rd June .
Schedule
There will be a mountain of Overwatch being played over this weekend and subsequently only several of the games can be streamed . The coverage does n't start until the third round of matches where Left Guy and co will bring the following games on twitch.tv/overwatchcontenders :
* denotes home team
You can follow all the action on the official tournament site where the standings and schedule have just gone live , as well as our own event page where we will endeavour to bring you all the latest scores and update you on any player streams that are available , which will be permitted with a three minute delay .
Preview
Group A
With eUnited comfortably winning the first day of qualification it would be hard to see them finishing anywhere but first . Their dive has been too well orchestrated for most teams in Europe and , as a firm favourite to win the competition , the next two weekends should be no different . The fight for the second qualification spot is much more open . While Bazooka Puppies qualified higher with an impressive win against Gamers Origin , Team Expert only lost to Movistar Riders and Cyclowns .
Team Expert have been grinding their way up as a team for a while , but Bazooka Puppies have only recently formed from top players from disbanded organisations . I do n't think there is a lot between either of these teams . Their head to head matches over the next two weeks will be crucial in deciding who gets that second qualification spot . This does n't mean that relative unknowns ESPORATI should be discounted . Although they have often made deep runs in ESL 's Go4 weklies , it was their contenders qualification run in which they eliminated LDLC on the second day that has marked their breakthrough . So they should not be taken lightly and could certainly throw a spanner in the qualification plans for the other teams .
Group B
This group is stacked with top tier team names and some pretty good teams too . Misifts will be looking to continue their improvement since TaKeOver 2 by finishing top in this competitive group . The seeding gods have also shone favourably on the extended Alicus vs their previous team story line and we 'll be treated to another instalment on stream . Misfits dispatched Laser Kittenz with ease on the first day of qualification and with that only being a week ago it 's doubtful there has been enough time to improve for the Korean-infused Kittenz . As long as Misfits do not repeat the shaky form of TaKeOver 2 Day 1 they should finish top but they have a lot of talent to get past .
On that note , it should not be forgotten either that NWA has been revived and also find themselves in this group . A roster with huge potential before being poached to death they are now back following the org exodus from Overwatch . Another stacked roster that has looked competitive against every team they have played and should certainly give Laser Kittenz and Misfits a run for their money . Unfortunately , with all this talent in the group , this will most likely be the end of the road for Team eSporters Cyberathletes .
Group C
These four teams could finish in any order . While Team Singularity Ninjas finished with the top seed they did get a fortunate path to qualification on Day 1 . Though they did give eUnited a close game , despite losing 2-0 . So even when considering how cutthroat this group is , Team Singularity Ninjas are still favourites to qualify in some shape or form . All the teams in this group have been playing for a long time . Every map is going to count and end of group tiebreakers could well be on the cards .
The longest serving of all these teams is where the biggest questions lie ; NiP . All throughout qualification they struggled . Despite introducing LiNkzr and this adding a sharper edge to their dive , they only just scraped through . With only a week between then and now it will take a great effort for them to compete with a group full of teams that are based around coordination and teamwork . The stars from NiP will have to shine brightly if they are to stand a chance of qualifying . We 'll get to see a first glimpse of how they are doing on stream in the later part of the day with a rematch of their Day 2 qualifier quartefinal loss against Gamers Origin .
Group D
Cyclowns and Movistar Riders will kick off the day 's action in our final hotly contested group . On the surface the two teams opening today 's games look to be the favourites to go through , but 123 made waves in the qualifiers by eliminating NiP on Day 1 . While the Finns had been struggling that day this should n't take away from 123 .
Alfa Squad have also been impressive and will not be a pushover for the other teams . The next two weekends will determine if 123 's upset was a flash in the pan result or if their Overwatch is truly as good as their counting . Both have their work cut out for them facing up against Movistar Riders and a new-look Cyclowns who will be looking to take reaffirm themselves at the top of Europe following TaKeOver 2 .
So strap in boys , because it 's going to be a long hot weekend of Overwatch . With such a blend of established teams and new talent , mixed in with roster changes , the plethora of European matches this weekend will be fascinating to watch . While we will only get a glimpse of the action across the four streamed matches we 'll bring you all the results on over.gg as we follow the stories across the weekend .
An Introduction to Cabal sandboxes
Tags : haskell , gsoc .
This post describes sandboxes , a new feature of cabal that will be present in the 1.18 release . Sandboxes allow building packages in isolation by creating a private package environment for each package . If you are familiar with Python 's virtualenv or Ruby 's RVM , this is a Haskell analogue . Though 1.18 is still not out yet , you can already experiment with the new features by building cabal from Git . This post is mainly aimed at people new to sandboxes – if you have already used cabal-dev , feel free to skip the introductory sections .
Building Cabal from git
Assuming you already have a previous version of cabal installed :
$ git clone git : //github.com/haskell/cabal.git /path/to/cabal $ cd /path/to/cabal $ cabal install Cabal/ cabal-install/
That 's all ! Now you have the latest version of the cabal tool installed under ~/.cabal/bin .
Alternatively , if you have only GHC ( but not cabal ) installed :
$ git clone git : //github.com/haskell/cabal.git /path/to/cabal $ cd /path/to/cabal/Cabal $ runhaskell Setup.hs configure $ runhaskell Setup.hs build $ runhaskell Setup.hs install $ cd .. /cabal-install $ sh bootstrap.sh
What are sandboxes and why are they needed ?
If you have used Haskell for some time , you 've probably heard the expression “ Cabal hell ” . It refers to the fact that installing a new package with cabal install can break existing packages on your system .
The reason for this behaviour is destructive reinstallations . As of this writing , Cabal does n't support having multiple instances of the same version of a single package installed simultaneously ( but note that installing multiple versions of the same package is completely fine ) . So how does this affect you , the user ?
Imagine that you have installed the library foo , which depends on bar-1.0 , which in turn depends on baz ( any version ) :
After some time you then decide to install quux , which depends on bar-1.0 and baz-2.0 . Since you have only baz-1.0 installed , you need to install baz-2.0 and recompile bar-1.0 against it :
But since Cabal allows you to have only a single instance of bar-1.0 installed , the package foo-1.0 is now broken since it depends on an instance of package bar-1.0 that was removed ! Cue much weeping and gnashing of teeth :
While we know what is the right way to fix this issue ( see the “ future work ” section below ) , getting there will take time , and sandboxes present a relatively low-cost interim solution . The idea is to build each package in an isolated environment ( “ sandbox ” ) with a sandbox-local package database . Because sandboxes are per-project , we can constrain them to be internally consistent and simply prohibit such conflicts as described above .
Besides alleviating the “ Cabal hell ” problem , sandboxes are also useful when your package depends on patched or unreleased libraries .
Usage
Using sandboxes is simple : if you already know how to use the cabal tool to build your packages , you only need to learn a few additional commands . To initialise a fresh sandbox in the current directory , run cabal sandbox init . All subsequent commands ( such as build and install ) from this point will use the sandbox .
$ cd /path/to/my/haskell/library $ cabal sandbox init # Initialise the sandbox $ cabal install -- only-dependencies # Install dependencies into the sandbox $ cabal build # Build your package inside the sandbox
It can be useful to make a source package available for installation in the sandbox - for example , if your package depends on a patched or an unreleased version of a library . This can be done with the cabal sandbox add-source command - think of it as “ local Hackage ” . If an add-source dependency is later modified , it is reinstalled automatically .
$ cabal sandbox add-source /my/patched/library # Add a new add-source dependency $ cabal install -- dependencies-only # Install it into the sandbox $ cabal build # Build the local package $ $ EDITOR /my/patched/library/Source.hs # Modify the add-source dependency $ cabal build # Modified dependency is automatically reinstalled
Normally , the sandbox settings ( such as optimisation level ) are inherited from the main Cabal config file ( $ HOME/.cabal/config ) . Sometimes , though , you need to change some settings specifically for a single sandbox . You can do this by creating a cabal.config file in the same directory with your cabal.sandbox.config ( which was created by sandbox init ) . This file has the same syntax as the main Cabal config file .
$ cat cabal.config documentation : True constraints : foo == 1.0 , bar > = 2.0 , baz $ cabal build # Uses settings from the cabal.config file
When you have decided that you no longer want to build your package inside a sandbox , just delete it :
$ cabal sandbox delete # Built-in command $ rm -rf .cabal-sandbox cabal.sandbox.config # Alternative manual method
Advanced usage
The default behaviour of the add-source command is to track modifications done to the added dependency and reinstall the sandbox copy of the package when needed . Sometimes this is not desirable : in these cases you can use add-source -- snapshot , which disables the change tracking . In addition to add-source , there are also list-sources and delete-source commands .
Sometimes one wants to share a single sandbox between multiple packages . This can be easily done with the -- sandbox option :
$ cd /path/to/shared-sandbox $ cabal sandbox init -- sandbox . $ cd /path/to/package-a $ cabal sandbox init -- sandbox /path/to/shared-sandbox $ cd /path/to/package-b $ cabal sandbox init -- sandbox /path/to/shared-sandbox
Using multiple different versions of GHC simultaneously is also supported , via the -w option :
$ cabal sandbox init $ cabal install -- only-dependencies -w /path/to/ghc-1 # Install dependencies for both compilers $ cabal install -- only-dependencies -w /path/to/ghc-2 $ cabal configure -w /path/to/ghc-1 # Build with the first compiler $ cabal build $ cabal configure -w /path/to/ghc-2 # Build with the second compiler $ cabal build
It can be occasionally useful to run the ghc-pkg tool on the sandbox package DB directly ( for example , you may need to unregister some packages ) . The command cabal sandbox hc-pkg is a convenient wrapper for ghc-pkg that runs it with the appropriate -- package-conf argument :
$ cabal -v sandbox hc-pkg list Using a sandbox located at /path/to/.cabal-sandbox 'ghc-pkg ' ' -- global ' ' -- no-user-package-conf ' ' -- package-conf=/path/to/.cabal-sandbox/i386-linux-ghc-7.4.2-packages.conf.d ' 'list ' [ ... ]
For the users of cabal-dev
The sandbox feature gives you basically the same functionality as cabal-dev , but integrated with the cabal tool itself . Here 's a handy cheatsheet for the users of cabal-dev :
Action cabal-dev cabal sandbox Initialise a sandbox cabal-dev $ ANY_COMMAND cabal sandbox init Delete the sandbox rm -rf ./cabal-dev cabal sandbox delete Link a source directory from the sandbox N/A cabal sandbox add-source Make a package available in the sandbox cabal-dev add-source cabal sandbox add-source -- snapshot Build the current package cabal-dev build cabal build Install a package into the sandbox cabal-dev install $ PKGNAME cabal install $ PKGNAME Any other standard cabal command cabal-dev $ COMMAND cabal $ COMMAND Install dependencies of a package cabal-dev install-deps cabal install -- only-dependencies Run sandbox-local ghci cabal-dev ghci cabal repl Sandbox-restricted ghc-pkg cabal-dev ghc-pkg cabal sandbox hc-pkg Path to the sandbox directory ./cabal-dev ./.cabal-sandbox
One important difference is that add-source adds a link to a source directory instead of making a source snapshot available for install . The add-source packages are reinstalled each time the sandboxed package is built . To get cabal-dev 's behaviour , use cabal add-source -- snapshot .
Another difference is that sandboxes are constrained to be consistent - that is , destructively reinstalling a package ( like in the introduction example ) is not allowed . Installing multiple versions of a package is still fine .
Future work
In the future , we want to make hermetic builds the default - that is , the build system should work as if all build artifacts were rebuilt anew each time . Ideally , this feature would be built on top of a purely functional Nix-like package DB , which would allow sharing build artifacts between different builds without worrying about the destructive update problem outlined in the introduction . Unfortunately , this is a large and a non-trivial project , although some work has already been done in this direction . A possible interim solution is to run each build in its own sandbox .
There is also a number of relatively minor UI issues with sandboxes which were postponed until the next release ( 1.20 ) . For more details on this , see the Cabal bug tracker .
Last but not least , we 're really interested in your feedback on this feature , especially in how well it works on large-scale projects .
Acknowledgements
Fun fact : I live in an apartment where all deliveries have to go to the main office , and I leave before it opens in the morning and get home after it closes . So in order to circumvent the whole `` I would never be able to get packages '' problem , I have everything sent to my sister 's house . Normally I manage to time my delivery pickup for when no one is home , but I guess today they were running late or I was running early , so my nephews were around to `` help '' me open the box that was waiting for me .
So much good stuff ! Blue corn chips , udon noodle soup , spicy ramen , Thai tea , green tea , panettone , Italian wafer cookies , and Spam ! Perfect for making Spam , egg , Spam , Spam , bacon , and Spam . Thank you , snacks Santa ! I 'm going to go eat some of this right now .
I did n't want to throw out the c-word , but a lot of people might say that the Zone Theory resembles a cult . Is that what this is ?
TIM : Cults have gotten a bad rap because of Charles Manson and people like that , but another word for “ cult ” is “ club. ” It 's almost the same word .
ERIC : A part of the process is you do need to evangelize . You need to get at least twenty new friends to come into the club . That is a cult-y kind of thing , because you have to abide by these principles for the rest of your life . So we 're not afraid of the c-word , as long as it 's beneficial . There 's no real violence , except there is a human sacrifice , a little murder that you have to do .
TIM : We have an expression we say about cults . “ 'Cult ' , thanks for all your time , T , but we 're going to bring in B , and now we have 'club . ' Just a little mention to the T , thank you , be on your way , adios . Push them out , bring in that B , move the L , switch the L and the U , and you 're set . ''
The Zone Theory seems to be explicitly written for and designed for men . As we move toward a more equal , inclusive society , how do you guys expect to promote literacy in women if you write a book explicitly made for men ?
ADVERTISEMENT
TIM : We 're not against women reading in general . We 're very equal rights in that regard . We encourage women to buy the book . We think there 's nothing more valuable for them to do than to own the book . They just ca n't read it . Just because it 's not designed for them , it 's designed for men , only . So they should buy the book and give it to their husband , their friends , coworkers , uncles , parents—fathers , nephews .
ERIC : We 're also very close to hitting the New York Times best seller list . Once we do and we receive our bonuses , which are very high , we plan to do Tim & Eric 's Zone Theory for Women .
TIM : Again , not to sound cynical or exploitive , but the idea is to sell two books . Get the male audience to buy the first book and then the female audience will just be ready to go into the Zone Theory for Women . It 's financially more advantageous for us . Between you and me , the Zone Theory does work for women . But for that second book to come , we kind of have to play that it does n't . So that we can make that second book for women , and then change the 's to She 's and then we 're set .
ERIC : It 's a lot of marketing , sales , marketing , sales .
TIM : We 're strategic in that department .
On Tuesday 14th January , in northern Milan , trade unionist Fabio Zerbini was brutally beaten by two men suspected to be connected with Italian organised crime .
Fabio Zerbini is a co-ordinator for the SI Cobas , a base union that is active in the logistics and warehouse sector . A few days before they had found their car 's side-view mirror broken . A note had been left on their windscreen with an apology and a phone number to call to arrange a meeting to refund the damage . It was at this meeting that two men savagely attacked Fabio , with one of them saying “ If the workers continue to strike and break our balls , you will come to a bad end ” .
Last week 's attack has seen a jump in the style of attacks against the union . Fulvio di Giorgio , another SI Cobas co-ordinator , said , “ We were used to slashed tyres and burnt cars but they had never gone as far as a real beating . ”
Before the attack , Fabio had been involved in several industrial disputes , making it difficult to understand exactly which one the men were referring to . For instance , they had been involved in the strike of 80 workers at the Kuehne-Nagel warehouse in Santa Cristina in mid-December , where workers won union recognition and adherence to the conditions laid out in the national contract ( as well as the retraction of four politically-motivated sackings ) . Similarly , in a Carrefour warehouse just outside Milan , the company Serim were forced to recognise the union and begin discussions with the workers .
In this attack , though , many strongly suspect the involvement of the Mafia . A system of exploitation rules in the industrial belt across northern Italy from which contractors profit , contractors who are sometimes in the hands of organised crime . An investigation in 2011 led to six branches of TNT being put into receivership after it was discovered that the services had been contracted out to a section of the ‘ 'Ndrangheta ( a criminal organisation from Calabria , southern Italy ) . And in 2009 , for example , Marcello Paparo , a business person also connected to the 'Ndrangetha , was arrested for , among other offences , beating a worker at one their consortium 's warehouses for being a trade unionist who “ created problems ” .
The attack prevented Fabio from attending a workers ' assembly at Santa Cristina but another meeting on struggles within the logistics and warehouse sector was organised for January 19th . As SI Cobas state in their press release , “ We wo n't let them intimidate us ” .
More information and related articles are here .
The war on cannabis is a complete and utter failure . There is no getting around that . We have lost . Weed is not going anywhere . There is not any less of it then when we began the war on drugs over 40 years ago . There are not fewer people using it , and if there are that is a tragedy in itself because those people are likely using booze instead . We have spent over a trillion dollars imprisoning our neighbors and militarizing local police forces to fight this “ war. ” What the fuck are we doing ?
Yet regardless of the obvious failures , every day we allow for armed gunmen to storm the homes of people , often good family people , to save us from the evils of weed . Somehow the logic is that if we discover a person growing safe , enjoyable , and helpful plants that the best way to protect our community is to drive a tank full of soldiers armed to the teeth to the residence and use militarized war tactics to enter the home , subdue the family , tear apart their home in search of whatever it is we say we want to look for , drag the parents off to jail , and lock their kids up with strangers in foster care centers .
I will never figure out how we believe we are solving a problem by making a dozen more . We create poverty and a black market for cannabis . We use our limited resources to pay for enforcement . We use SWAT teams to cut down gardens . We destroy families , creating further poverty . We force children to be raised without their parents . We lock people in cages for draconian mandatory minimum sentences for weed , and then wonder why our prisons are all overcrowded . And for what ? What problem is ever solved by these actions ?
Who is winning here ? Because it certainly is not our communities , our society , or the people directly affected . We are creating a society of mistrust and anger . We can not keep stealing people 's children in the name of your failed war on cannabis . This must stop now .
I recall when I was raided by the federal government in 2007 . We were lucky enough to not be home at the time armed gunmen swarmed my home and businesses . But I remember returning to my ransacked home to find my kid 's rooms tossed and every drawer opened with my kids belongings strewed all over the room . The look on my wife 's face and the sound of their voice is one I will never forget , as they said “ why would they do this to my babies rooms ? ” We imagined what it would have been like to be home and have these armed thugs awaken our children from their sleep at gunpoint because I made weed brownies for sick people . It made me sick to my stomach .
It is that sickness that sits with me EVERY DAY .
Yeah…I was lucky . But so many others are not . So many good families are torn apart by these unjust and immoral laws . For a long time it was a reality that I could not face . I understood the grave risk that my work in the cannabis industry put my family in . I still understand that and face it every day as an activist and part of the growing cannabis industry . I know that I am still at great risk of being torn from my family and locked in a cage for years for my involvement . It weighs heavy on me at every moment of every day .
My wife is an amazing human , which is probably the only thing that allows me to carry on . After the raid while I was awaiting my fate through the judicial process my wife and I had some very real and pointed conversations about the risk my involvement with cannabis brought to our family . My wife could not imagine having to raise our two young sons with me in prison for a decade . There was certainly a robust discussion of me walking away forever and not looking back . I even prepared a resume and began looking for work in different industries . It had certainly changed our reality .
My decision to press on and follow what I believed in was , and continues to be , one of the hardest decisions I have ever made . If you ever hear me tell my story in public , like clockwork , when I get to the part about my house being raided and my kids rooms being tossed my voice will crack and I will be overcome with emotion . I have to take a breath every time because that wave of anger and sadness overcomes me . I am paralyzed by it . The fear of losing my kids and my freedom for my fight for cannabis freedom is too much for me to comprehend at times . Which is why in all my writings , I touch on the subject very little…It is my biggest fear and my ultimate weakness .
I carry on not because I am selfish and do not care about my kids . I carry on because I love my kids ( and all kids ) enough to fight and make sure this does not keep happening to our community . We have been extremely lucky in our journey for justice ; but most are not . Most people facing these charges for cannabis do not have the support and community that we had fighting for us . Most are very alone and facing a very scary situation with little or no direction or support . These laws target the most vulnerable poor and minority communities and destroy the family foundation in areas so desperately in need . It is something we can no longer ignore . It is very real and we are all lesser people for allowing these practices to continue in our name .
So my continued fight for cannabis freedom has little to do with me , or even my family . It has to do with a moral obligation to right the wrongs of yesterday and make sure we end these injustices once and for all .
I largely overlooked the people losing their kids issue for a long time . Because my kids were not directly affected by my raid , it was easier for me to avoid the subject . That was until I met Daisy Bram .
As a writer , a lot of things come across my desk . The audio in the Youtube video below was sent to me . I opened it and began to listen to this mother scream for their babies , as agents removed their kids because they had a medical cannabis garden in their home . Take a minute to listen to it , and like me , I am sure it will change your life forever .
I heard in Daisy 's screams the voice of my own wife… .. of my friend 's wives….of my mother . I heard a mother desperate to keep their children , while heartless officers separated newborn babies from their loving arms . I could no longer ignore the reality that this was nothing more than complete terrorism of the American family unit .
I wrote a story on the issue and posted the audio for all to hear on my blog . I began feverishly posting it in cannabis circles in hopes of raising awareness . I also got to know Daisy and began working to help them where I could in organizing support for their case . I am saddened to say that Daisy is still fighting this battle and their kids are still removed from them It breaks my heart .
But it also inspires me because Daisy Bram is one of the strongest women I have had the pleasure of meeting . I can not say I could remain as composed and as active as they have throughout this mess . They have endured some of the most unjust treatment from the “ child protective ” agencies and continues to fight for their freedom and the return of their children . They have not wavered in their stance and has become a powerful voice for change . I encourage everyone to get to know Daisy , and learn from their experiences through all of this , and to continue to support them in their ongoing struggle . You can find more about their case at here Facebook page HERE .
Daisy was certainly not the first person to have their family torn apart over weed ; but their sharing of their experience and the undeniable tragedy experienced through listening to their cries for help in real time during the raid gave me an insight that I could no longer ignore . Them story has also given courage to other families to speak out about their situations .
My recent path has led me to begin the development of a new group called Parents 4 Pot . It was not my intention , as like I mentioned , I often try to not think about the kid deal because it scares the living shit out of me . But fate is seldom wrong…so I try not to stand in its way . The stars have aligned and I am honored to be helping create an organization dedicated to being a voice for families who are facing issues regarding cannabis .
In doing so , we are hoping to create a support network for families affected by the tragedy of cannabis prohibition . In just a short couple of weeks , as the word has spread about the organization , we have been made aware of several stories of families being torn apart by cannabis laws . Below are just a few of these stories that have come our way that we are hoping to raise awareness for , provide support for , and to keep from happening ever again to good people who like weed :
JOSHUA E. MASON : TENNESSEE
This is an incredible story worthy of some attention and support . Josh is a father of a three-year-old daughter whose home was raided for a small garden , and some cuttings . They were subjected to a no-knock raid where heavily armed military style tactics were used to subdue them in front of their child . They lost custody of their daughter for a period of time and has been railroaded through the legal system trying to maintain their freedom . Josh has been forced to pay a large fine in a very short period of time , or face 15 years in prison for their garden . They literally have until next Monday to come up with a $ 4k donation to the drug fund , or their case will be sent to the Grand Jury and they could lose their legal counsel . Did I mention they could revoke their bail and remand them to custody ? It is nuts . This is how our legal system works…you pay to play . Unfortunately our prisons are filled with people who have no money to pay . For more information on Josh 's story and how you can help visit their GoFundMe page HERE and kick down some money to keep this family together . Wan na make someone 's Christmas ? Here is your opportunity .
JASON WILSON AND DANIELLE GIESEN : ALABAMA
This young couple was busted growing in Alabama and spent the summer in jail awaiting bond , during which they found out they were pregnant . They are being forced to pay heavy attorneys fees and for expert witnesses in hopes of avoiding prison sentences of up to 15 years each . This is a first offense for both of these kids and they are being told they will both do many years in prison even if they do take a plea bargain . They have worked hard to be upstanding members of their community since their arrest and deserve to be given a second chance . In many places like Alabame cannabis crimes are enforced more vigorously than rape or even murder . It never ceases to amaze me that a District Attorney , another human being , could see a poor struggling family who broke an unjust and immoral law as criminals worthy of spending decades in prison . I can not comprehend it . Where did our society go so wrong ? If you would like to help this young family ensure they have good legal counsel and the evidence they need to be judged accordingly for their actions , please donate to their cause HERE . Nothing is sadder than seeing young parents just starting their life being railroaded by a system gone terribly wrong . Help folks like this find justice .
TODD STIMPSON : NORTH CAROLINA
Todd Simpson is the father of two daughters , one of which is very ill with a large tumor wrapped around their organs . They maintained a small medical cannabis garden and was raided by North Carolina law enforcement at gunpoint , where their daughters were also forced at gunpoint to put their hands on their heads and were detained during the search of the property . Todd has an interesting case because they actually purchased tax stamps from the State and paid the taxes on their cannabis crop . They are now facing charges for their cultivation , while also dealing with their daughter 's health issues . Below is a news piece on their case that is heartbreaking . To find more about Todd and their case check out their awesome website at : http : //www.brmcrc.org/ .
MELANIE TREINEN
Melanie shared their story with me also . While they are not facing years in prison , their case is also very relevant to the larger picture . They are a cannabis patient who used cannabis to relieve severe medical symptoms related to pregnancy ( hyperemisis ) where they would be constantly ill and malnutritioned during pregnancy . After complication due to pharmaceutical options during their first pregnancy they discussed the option of cannabis tincture with their physician who agreed it was a better option for their rare condition . The risks of malnutrition outweighed the risk of cannabis . Since it was recommended by their physician they shared their experience with social workers at the hospital . They were then blindsided by the system and faced with an investigation into their cannabis use . During this time the agency removed their children for 8 months . They were pushed around by the system and encouraged to succumb to their drug treatment programs . They found their voice and demanded to be evaluated , to which there was no evidence of addiction or drug problems found . The judge actually ended up apologizing for the actions of the agency in their case and their kids were returned to them But for eight long month they were without their love , and they with hers . They were worried for their safety and forced to have their life examined by people claiming to have some moral higher ground . The CPS system is severely broken , and it has become profitable for many of these agencies to remove children from parents for cannabis . The system is designed to attack poor families who can not defend themselves and it is stories of mother 's like Melanie that let us know we have a lot of work to do to end these practices . For more information on Melanie 's situation check out their petition on change.org HERE .
SO WHAT CAN WE DO ? I am glad you asked… .
And these are just four cases that have touched me over the past week , or so . there are literally thousands just like them that have yet to be heard , or which may never be heard unless we give them a voice . It is up to us to help change these laws and end the evil practice of destroying families over cannabis .
No one is going to do it for us . The system is rigged and we must demand it be destroyed . These are our friends , our neighbors , and our families . These are not criminals who deserve to be in prison . These are good people .
We are better than this as a society . We must come together and be a voice for real change . It is no longer okay to sit back and hope it does not happen to us . It can happen to you and if you do not speak up and demand change it WILL happen to you . We have the power to create change and we must .
I am proud to be organizing Parents 4 Pot as a group where parents can feel safe to come together to create meaningful change . Through raising awareness , becoming active , and supporting those in our community in need of assistance we can make a difference . Please join us in our mission and help us put an end to the destruction of the American family due to the failed prohibition of a safe , enjoyable and helpful plant .
If Mr. Trump had tried to assert executive privilege and the Senate committee challenged them in court , legal experts said , Mr. Trump had a weak case because they have themselves publicly discussed their private conversations with Mr. Comey .
“ The president 's power to assert executive privilege is well established , ” Sarah Huckabee Sanders , a White House spokesperson , told reporters . “ However , in order to facilitate a swift and thorough examination of the facts sought by the Senate Intelligence Committee , President Trump will not assert executive privilege regarding James Comey 's scheduled testimony . ”
The president fired Mr. Comey on May 9 as the F.B.I . was looking into contacts between Russia and Mr. Trump 's associates . While Mr. Trump and their aides initially said they had acted at the recommendation of the deputy attorney general because of the way Mr. Comey handled last year 's investigation into Hillary Clinton 's emails , Mr. Trump later said that they had already decided to fire the F.B.I . director regardless of any recommendations and that they had the Russia investigation in mind .
In the weeks since , associates of Mr. Comey have said the former director felt uncomfortable about efforts by Mr. Trump to compromise the bureau 's traditional independence . Just days after Mr. Trump 's inauguration , they invited the director to dinner and , according to people familiar with Mr. Comey 's account , asked them repeatedly for their loyalty , which Mr. Comey declined to give . Mr. Trump has denied that they did so , but they said it would not have been wrong if they had .
A few weeks later , the day after Mr. Trump pushed out Michael T. Flynn , their national security adviser , who had provided misleading accounts of a phone call with Russia 's ambassador , the president asked Mr. Comey to drop the investigation into Mr. Flynn , according to notes taken contemporaneously by Mr. Comey and read to a New York Times reporter . Mr. Comey refused .
Some critics of Mr. Trump have said that such a request , especially given that they later fired Mr. Comey , could be interpreted as obstruction of justice .
The chief justice of Alabama 's Supreme Court issued an administrative order on Wednesday barring state judges from issuing same-sex marriage licenses , in contravention of the broadly accepted meaning of a June 2015 U.S. Supreme Court ruling .
Chief Justice Roy Moore directed probate judges in the state not to issue marriage licenses that violate the state 's laws prohibiting same-sex marriage “ until further decision by the Alabama Supreme Court . ”
Moore argued that the U.S. Supreme Court had only explicitly struck down same-sex marriage bans in Michigan , Kentucky , Ohio and Tennessee in its landmark decision Obergefell v. Hodges -- although they acknowledge that based on well-established precedent , the ruling may be interpreted to apply to other states ' bans as well .
Some judges in Alabama had chosen to interpret the ruling as requiring them to issue same-sex marriage licenses , according to Moore , while others had not . Noting numerous developments since Obergefell -- including the jailing of Kim Davis , a Kentucky county clerk who made headlines last year for refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples -- Moore called the present environment one of “ confusion and uncertainty , ” and said they hope to address it with their administrative order .
“ This disparity affects the administration of justice in this State , ” they wrote .
Moore said they were choosing to act now in part because the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 8th Circuit had recently held that since the Supreme Court 's Obergefell ruling did not “ directly invalidate ” same-sex marriage bans in that circuit , there were grounds at least to hear a challenge to its application there . The 8th Circuit , Moore admitted , had nonetheless applied Obergefell on the basis of precedent .
How the Alabama Supreme Court interprets the Obergefell decision is within its legal discretion to decide , according to Moore , and has “ yet to be determined . ”
SAN DIEGO -- No more waiting for players to mature for the San Diego Chargers -- the time is now for the defense to emerge as a top-notch unit .
Inside linebacker Manti Te ' o says 2015 is the year the Chargers develop into one of the dominant defenses in the NFL .
`` We 're cultivating that culture that we 're just going to dominate every single snap , '' Te ' o said . `` We 're not going to win every single snap , but we know that we 're going to win most of them .
`` At first , you 've got to believe that you are going to do it . And I think for the most part we all believe , and our coach has faith in us that they can call whatever he 's going to call , and we 're going to execute it . And we 're going to go out there and dominate . ''
But the Chargers still have to prove it on the field first .
San Diego has not finished in the top five in the NFL in scoring defense since holding teams to 17.8 points a contest in 2007 . The Chargers have not had had a player among the top five league leaders in sacks since Shawne Merriman led the NFL with 17 in 2006 .
San Diego forced just 35 turnovers over the past two seasons , second worst in the NFL . The Chargers finished in the bottom third in sacks the past three years . They had just seven interceptions in 2014 , tied for No . 28 in the league .
You get the picture -- it 's been awhile since the Chargers have regularly imposed their will on opposing offenses . But last week 's six-sack effort against the Arizona Cardinals in Week 2 of the preseason was a glimpse at the potential playmaking ability this defense could blossom into this season .
With inventive defensive coordinator John Pagano at the controls , the Chargers also have shown flashes of brilliance during the regular season . Since 2013 , San Diego has held Denver 's high-powered offense led by Peyton Manning to just 25.8 points a contest , the best in the AFC West . And the Chargers also kept Tom Brady and the New England Patriots in check , holding them to 23 points last season in a loss at home .
Those solid defensive efforts just need to happen on a more consistent basis .
`` I feel like every great defense that 's ever been in the NFL , everybody had held themselves and everyone else accountable , '' Melvin Ingram said . `` And that 's what we try to do . ''
Added defensive lineman Corey Liuget : `` We 're just full of energy . We play for each other . We play the game the right way . And at the end of the day , we know that we 're all competing for the team to get better , and for each and every one of us to get better , too . ''
The Chargers have built this young defense through the draft . Eight of the projected 11 starters were selected in the first three rounds of the draft , dating to 2007 .
They include defensive linemen Liuget ( first round , 2011 draft ) and Kendall Reyes ( second round , 2012 ) ; outside linebackers Ingram ( first round , 2012 ) and Jeremiah Attaochu ( second round , 2014 ) ; inside linebackers Donald Butler ( third round , 2010 ) and Te ' o ( second round , 2013 ) ; and cornerback Jason Verrett ( first round , 2014 ) .
`` If you look at our defense now , we have guys who are young and understand , '' Teo said . `` They are kind of seasoned . Now everybody is on board , and everybody knows what each other is doing , instead of having one or two pieces that really do n't know what they 're doing , or what to expect of themselves . ''
Leading the team defensively is three-time Pro Bowler safety Eric Weddle , selected in the second round of the 2007 draft .
`` We 've got a lot of young guys , so they need to get comfortable , '' Weddle said . `` Understand the defense inside and out , and the more reps we get at certain calls , the better we 'll be . ''
In this episode we look into the Gundams that have no home . Well , those that do n't belong to any specific grade and have become known as No-Grades . Despite not belonging to one of the major product lines the No Grade group of kits has some surprises for builders . Ryan starts on their huge Highend Master Model EZ-015 Iron Kong .
Also , we are proud to offer a sweet deal on the HG AGE-1 Normal and Razor parts set . Click here for details .
– Command Wolf Irvine Custom ( D-Style )
– 1/100 MG Tallgeese I EW
Be sure to check out the Tallgeese release video .
– 1/144 HGUC MSA-003 Nemo ( Zeta Ver . ) by Bandai
– 1/72 Highend Master Model EZ-015 Iron Kong
– 1/100 Providence Gundam
1/144 scale No Grades shown in the video
– 1/144 Wing Gundam Zero ( w/figure )
– 1/144 Gundam Astray Red Frame
– 1/144 HG G-Exes Jack Edge
1/100 scale No Grades shown in the video
– 1/100 Gundam Astray Red Frame
– 1/100 Gundam Astray Gold Frame
– 1/100 Arios Gundam Designer 's Color Ver .
1/60 scale No Grades shown in the video
– 1/60 Gundam Exia
– 1/60 Freedom Gundam
– 1/60 Strike Freedom Gundam ( Lightning Edition )
I thought I 'd never buy an iPhone , until I did . It was a Monday night and I was looking at my cheap Moto E , and realized I really did n't like my phone . I got the E months ago because I had just destroyed a very expensive HTC One , and then a Nexus 5 , and I felt a sense of regret I did n't want to feel again . But it was a pleasant evening , so I took a walk to my neighborhood T-Mobile store , asked for an iPhone , and within 10 minutes I was on my way home . It was an impulsive decision , but it was a great decision , because I 'm not as sad as I used to be .
Working for The Verge has probably accelerated my jaded attitude toward some things , but mostly , honestly , I just do n't care much about the newest version of Android or the latest smartwatch , even though I appreciate the human accomplishment in their creation . Part of that disposition is the passive accumulation of experience I 've had , including being endlessly pitched on inane products that will ultimately fail on Kickstarter , but the other part has been an active effort to create meaningful distance between myself and the objects I use .
Do you get a lot of notifications on your phone ? I do n't . I mostly get the ones I ca n't reasonably turn off , like phone calls and text messages . A while back , I intentionally decided my attention should not be controlled by an object in my pocket . That means I often do n't bring my phone with me at all when I 'm going out to dinner with someone . And emails , tweets , Instagram likes — these are all still things I experience , but they never alert me to their existence . I experience them on my own time . The effect of this decision is that my life feels more deliberate , and the relationships I have often felt richer and more authentic .
The story I 've told myself is only half true
At least , that 's the story I 've told myself for years . That philosophy is great and has served me in some positive ways , but it 's only half of the truth . The other half is that for a long time , I 've been a pretty sad person . I still am ( and I probably will be for the rest of my life ! ) , but I 've learned how to deal with it , the same way you might learn how to deal with a chronic pain in your leg . Treating it like a condition to be overcome seems so obvious now , but it was n't before , because that 's how depression works : you think it 's the real you ( because it is ! ) , and you become skeptical , afraid to even , of being happy , as if being happy is inauthentic . It makes you fearful of love . Depression is a devious partner who you can never leave , and who will co-opt your happiness for more suffering , if you let them . And it was so easy for me to let them .
For a while , I reduced my involvement with technology , and even cut it off completely . But what I was really cutting off was people in my life . I left Facebook because I thought it was making me sad . And parts of it definitely were ! There 's a lot of garbage on Facebook . But the really sad part was feeling inadequate , and never involved enough in the lives of people I cared about . Not seeing their lives play out made it easier to feel comfortable in my sadness .
I bought a cheap phone because it fit the limited world I created
So buying a $ 150 Android phone I did n't have to care about felt like a bold decision — a way to keep technology at arm 's length . I thought it would be one less precious object in my life to fret over , and it was . I could still do everything I wanted to do in the limited world I created for myself — listen to music , call an Uber , check my email , whatever . The fact that it did all of these things adequately but not spectacularly was n't a problem , because I pushed myself in a direction where there was seldom any reason to use my phone in the ways most people probably do . I did n't have lots of ongoing conversations across different apps , and I mostly did n't use apps at all — because most apps worth using connect you to other people , and I just was n't connected to many people . It was okay for my phone to be slow and clunky because I resigned myself to a social death where there is no urgency to be alive .
I bought an iPhone not because it makes me happy , though it is a beautiful object that I appreciate in many ways . I bought it because my family uses iPhones , and I have n't been able to participate in their group iMessage conversations on Android . I can be closer to them now in a way I was n't before , even if that means being locked into Apple 's world for a little while . It 's also not really about the iPhone . I bought it because it 's a more capable device than what I had , and I wanted to start using Facebook again , and other things I 've neglected , and ( so far ) it looks like this product is one of the best ways to experience those things .
I still have most of my notifications turned off , but that 's okay . What matters is that I want to find people again , and be found . And one small way to do that is with a phone owned by the people I care about .
Michelle Brademeyer of Missoula , Montana , offers yet another example of how much better airport screening has become since the federal government took control of it . Brademeyer and their two chldren flew to Wichita , Kansas , the weekend before last for their brother 's wedding . On the way back to Missoula , they shared a flight to Denver with Brademeyer 's mother , who lives in California . Brademeyer and their kids , ages 4 and 6 , passed through the metal detector without incident , but their mother made the machine beep . Unable to determine what had triggered the alarm , a transportation security officer informed them that they would have to wait for a pat-down . At that point , Brademeyer reports on their Facebook page , their 4-year-old daughter , Isabella , noticed their grandmother and excitedly ran back through the checkpoint to hug them `` They made very brief contact , '' Brademeyer says , `` no longer than a few seconds . ''
Brademeyer says the TSOs at the checkpoint reacted to this breach of protocol by screaming at Isabella , telling them they would have to undergo a pat-down as well . They darkly suggested that their grandmother might have passed a gun to them during their brief embrace , even though Isabella was not carrying anything or wearing any clothing with pockets . They refused to let them go back through the metal detector , insisting that they be frisked . Isabella began crying and ran away from the TSOs , enraging them further . They threatened to close down the airport in light of the `` high security threat '' posed by the terrified little girl . Although they at first insisted that Brademeyer keep their distance from Isabella , they eventually let them follow their daughter into a separate room for the pat-down . To the dismay of the TSO doing the groping , Isabella would not stop crying even when commanded to do so :
My sweet four-year-old child was shaking and crying uncontrollably , they did not want to stand still and let strangers touch them My heart was breaking . I will never forget the look of pure terror on their face . A TSO began repeating that in the past they had `` seen a gun in a teddy bear . '' The TSO seemed utterly convinced my child was concealing a weapon , as if there was no question about it . Worse still , they were treating my daughter like they understood how dangerous this was , as if my daughter was not only a tool in a terrorist plot , but actually in on it . The TSO loomed over my daughter , with an angry grimace on their face , and ordered them to stop crying . When my scared child could not do so , two TSOs called for backup saying `` The suspect is not cooperating . '' The suspect , of course , being a frightened child . They treated my daughter no better than if they had been a terrorist . It was an awful sight . A third TSO arrived to the scene , and showed no more respect than the first two had given . All three were barking orders at my daughter , telling them to stand still and cease crying . When they did not stop crying on command , they demanded we leave the airport . They claimed they could not safely check my daughter for dangerous items if they were in tears . I will admit , I lost my temper . Finally , a manager intervened . They determined that my child could , in fact , be cleared through security while crying . I was permitted to hold them while the TSO checked their body . When they found nothing hidden on my daughter , they were forced to let us go , but not until after they had examined my ID and boarding passes for a lengthy amount of time . When we arrived at our gate , I noticed that the TSOs had followed us through the airport . I was told something was wrong with my boarding pass and I would have to show it to them again . Upon seeing the TSO , my daughter was thrown into hysterics . Eventually , we were able to board our flight .
The Daily Mail reports that when the family changed planes in Denver , `` an airport employee , '' apparently alerted to the suspected terrorist in leggings and Mary Janes , `` demanded to know which of the family was Isabella—and 'looked really confused ' when the girl was pointed out to her . '' According to their mother , Isabella `` has been waking up with nightmares '' since the incident . Contacted by The Consumerist for comment , the Transportation Security Adminstration replied :
TSA has recently implemented modified screening procedures of children 12 and under that further reduce— though not eliminate—the need for a physical pat-down for children . In this case , however , the child had completed screening but had contact with another member of their family who had not completed the screening process . TSA has reviewed the incident and determined that our officers followed proper current screening procedures in conducting a modified pat-down on the child .
Current , maybe . Proper , no .
More on the TSA 's standard operating stupidity here .
[ Thanks to Tricky Vic for the tip . ]
Terrorist group of the ISIS claimed Thursday its fighters were able to kill a Russian military adviser in the ancient city of Palmyra in the province of Homs , central Syria .
Terrorist group of the ISIS claimed Thursday its fighters were able to kill a Russian military adviser in the ancient city of Palmyra in the province of Homs , central Syria .
The ISIS-linked Aamaq news agency released a video showing the dead body of a man stained with blood and equipment seized from him . In the footage , the group claimed the corpse belongs to a Russian officer with individual military equipment and medicines that carry Russian writings .
This comes just one day after fierce battles between ISIS and the Syria army forces , according to local activists .
Media activist Fadi al-Amer said that Syrian forces were able to advance in the western districts of Palmyra , seizing control of the ad-Duwwa area subsequent to clashes with ISIS . The regime 's forces also recaptured the hills ‘ 800 ' and ‘ 900 ' in Palmyra suburbs earlier on Wednesday .
In the meantime , ISIS launched several counterattacks on the oilfields of Shaer and Jazel in a bid to compensate its losses in Palmyra suburbs .
Palmyra and its countryside are witnessing fierce military operations waged by the Syrian army forces .
In May 2015 , ISIS took over Palmyra and since then it was able to destroy many ancient treasures , blowing up temples and shrines considering them as blasphemous symbols of ancient religions .
Despite Russia 's relative withdrawal from Syria , President Putin announced that enough forces would remain to fight ISIS , particularly to help Syrian forces retake Palmyra .
Video : https : //vid.me/2Dv9
/257
'You Can not Win Like That ' : Peters Rips 'Apologist-in-Chief ' Obama 's ISIS Strategy
Woman Performs Stunning Rendition of the National Anthem at Lincoln Memorial
Concealed Carrier Shoots at Muggers , Seriously Injuring One of Them
According to a new Fox News poll , an increasing number of voters believe that the U.S. is losing the war on terror .
More than half think profiling would make the country safer , and a significant number support a temporary ban on Muslims entering the U.S .
The poll found that 59 percent of Americans believe that `` using profiling techniques to increase government surveillance on certain types of individuals '' would make the country safer , while only 13 percent said it would make us less safe .
Fifty three percent support a temporary ban on Muslims entering the U.S. , yet only 40 percent think such an action would make the country safer .
See the full poll results here , and watch Dr. Zuhdi Jasser and Rod Wheeler react above .
Concealed Carrier Shuts Down Active Shooter at SC Nightclub
The 'Ghost ' in This Century-Old Photo Is Freaking People Out ...
FL Cop Busts Window to Rescue Incredibly Cute Puppy from Sweltering Car
With the release of Season 11 : New Dawn , players may notice that the prices of many starships available for Dilithium have been reduced . Visit any Shipyard to see the newly-reduced pricing , which is as follows :
Lieutenant : 5,000 ( Normally 8,000 )
Lt . Commander : 10,000 ( Normally 15,000 )
Commander : 20,000 ( Normally 40,000 )
Captain : 40,000 ( Normally 80,000 )
Rear Admiral - Lower Half : 80,000 ( Normally 120,000 )
* * All prices in Dilithium .
* * Ships that did not cost Dilithium previously have not had their prices altered .
In addition to the permanent price reductions listed above , we will also be running a special Discount Event , allowing players to purchase additional starships at a discounted rate , for use in the brand new Admiralty System .
For one week following the release of Season 11 , all of the above prices will be further reduced by 50 % !
Lieutenant : 2,500
Lt . Commander : 5,000
Commander : 10,000
Captain : 20,000
Rear Admiral - Lower Half : 40,000
This special Dilithium Ship Discount Event will begin after maintenance concludes on October 27th , 2015 and run until maintenance on November 3rd , 2015 .
Discuss in the forums
Monday Update ( 10:30am ) The suspect , Aaron Lewis , has been found and arrested , said Lt. Carl Minden with the Pulaski County Sheriff 's office . Click here for live updates . Minden said Lewis was arrested by Little Rock Police after a short foot pursuit near an apartment complex in West Little Rock . Officers said someone spotted them and called 911.Click here to listen to the 911 call . A warrant was issued Monday morning for the arrest of a 33-year-old man in the disappearance of a real estate agent in Scott.Click here for the video where Lewis was seen inside a Subway restaurant and here for images taken from surveillance video.Pulaski County sheriff 's office says Aaron M. Lewis faces a kidnapping charge in the case of Beverly Carter who has not been seen since they went to show a home in Scott on Thursday night.Minden could n't say how authorities linked Lewis to Carter 's disappearance.Carter 's husband reported them missing Thursday night when they failed to contact them after leaving to show the home to an unknown person about 5:30 p.m. Carter works as a realtor for Crye-Leike Realty.Deputies say their purse was found in their vehicle outside the home and that the door to the residence was open.A Centennial Bank account was established for a reward for information in helping locate Beverly Carter . For those details call ( 501 ) 454-3150 .
Monday Update ( 10:30am ) The suspect , Aaron Lewis , has been found and arrested , said Lt. Carl Minden with the Pulaski County Sheriff 's office .
Click here for live updates .
Minden said Lewis was arrested by Little Rock Police after a short foot pursuit near an apartment complex in West Little Rock .
Officers said someone spotted them and called 911 .
Click here to listen to the 911 call .
A warrant was issued Monday morning for the arrest of a 33-year-old man in the disappearance of a real estate agent in Scott .
Click here for the video where Lewis was seen inside a Subway restaurant and here for images taken from surveillance video .
Pulaski County sheriff 's office says Aaron M. Lewis faces a kidnapping charge in the case of Beverly Carter who has not been seen since they went to show a home in Scott on Thursday night .
Minden could n't say how authorities linked Lewis to Carter 's disappearance .
Carter 's husband reported them missing Thursday night when they failed to contact them after leaving to show the home to an unknown person about 5:30 p.m. Carter works as a realtor for Crye-Leike Realty .
Deputies say their purse was found in their vehicle outside the home and that the door to the residence was open .
A Centennial Bank account was established for a reward for information in helping locate Beverly Carter . For those details call ( 501 ) 454-3150 .
AlertMe
This morning , in Ogden , Utah , Aaron Feller McFarland and their husband , Nik McFarland , woke up to find the slurs “ FAGET ” and “ HOMO DIE ” emblazoned across their car in blood-red spray paint .
Yesterday , Nancy Leong experienced a more casual form of harassment . On their morning run in Denver , as a car whooshed by , a man screamed at her , “ Build that wall ! ” Never mind that Nancy , an associate professor at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law , is an Asian American , born and raised in this country . Them brown skin and dark brown hair were all that were required to raise the ire of their harasser .
Stand with us to protect everyone 's rights
Aaron , Nik , and Nancy are not alone . A mere three days after the election , reports of harassment and violence directed at people of color , immigrants , LGBT people , Muslims , and others have been pouring in . Shaun King , the senior justice writer for the New York Daily News , has received dozens and dozens of reports of abuse and is chronicling them on Twitter . The Southern Poverty Law Center is also collecting reports of racist harassment , as are various news outlets .
The harassment and discrimination has been widespread , targeting people based on race , ethnicity , and national origin , as well as religion and sexual orientation . Not surprisingly , in light of promises to ban Muslims from our country and to single out American Muslims for surveillance , many of the victims have been Muslim . A San Diego State University Muslim student was robbed , for example , by two men who made comments about Donald Trump and Muslims . The student was wearing a hijab at the time .
The reaction among affected communities runs the gamut . Some victims of these attacks are speaking out and inspiring others . At the same time , many people are fearful and unsure what to do .
Although there are no easy answers , one thing is clear : We ca n't sit back and watch this become the new normal .
When the government violates constitutional and statutory rights , the path forward is much clearer : We take legal action to stop the violations and restore equal protection for all . Indeed , the ACLU has already made clear to President-elect Trump that we 'll see them in court if they try to implement any of the unconstitutional policies they proposed during the campaign , many of which would harm the very people already suffering harassment days after the election . And , in that vein , we urge everyone to review our Know Your Rights resources , which cover a wide range of civil liberties , such as your rights when questioned by police or when protesting .
But what can we do when private citizens — emboldened by political leaders — travel down the reprehensible path of hurling bigotry at their neighbors ? When the harassment takes place in public schools and the work context , school officials and employers have an obligation to stop it because it is their responsibility to ensure that our schools and workplaces are safe for all . And when the harassment involves violence or threats of violence , law enforcement has a duty to intervene , no matter the race , religion , national origin , sexual orientation , or other identity of the perpetrator or victim . We are all entitled to bias-free , equitable police protection — a right that is more important now than ever .
Yet , even when such harassment does not take place in school or the workplace or does not involve physical violence , it can still exact an extraordinary human cost . Victims often experience the harassment as an attempt to intimidate them and to force them out of public spaces and social and political communities . This we can not allow .
In some situations , when any of us are witnessing harassment as it is happening , we can stand up and help . Earlier this year , French illustrator Marie-Shirine Yener sketched out a four-step plan to help bystanders of anti-Muslim harassment defuse the situation by engaging the victim in conversation and building a safe space for them or them But , as some have pointed out , the intervention Yener proposes might not always work and could end up escalating some situations , so it has to be employed cautiously .
Although there are no easy answers , one thing is clear : We ca n't sit back and watch this become the new normal .
If this is indeed a new dawn for hate , then we must use the sunshine to our advantage . We must embrace the victims of harassment with warmth and love , and we must shine the brightest light possible on these acts of bigotry . We must encourage those targeted to keep documenting the harassment for the public record in any way they can — through Twitter , Facebook , or any other medium — and we must amplify their voices . When they do n't have the strength to document the harassment , we must ( with their permission ) do it for them . And we must find ways to speak out against and condemn such harassment : Every . Single . Time .
Will you join us in pledging to speak out against bigotry and harassment until the sun finally sets on a renewed wave of hate ? Make your commitment known in the comments !
Dr Paul Grimes was sacked over a lack of ‘ strong mutual confidence ' with their minister , Barnaby Joyce , in a move which critics say damages the ability of the public service to give frank and fearless advice
The Abbott government 's sacking of another top bureaucrat will have a “ chilling effect ” on the ability of the public service to give frank and fearless advice , according to a bureaucrat sacked by the Howard government .
The prime minister , Tony Abbott , sacked long serving and respected public servant Dr Paul Grimes from their job as secretary of the department of agriculture on Friday , because there was “ no realistic prospect ” they could have a “ relationship of strong mutual confidence ” with their minister , Barnaby Joyce .
The sacking followed Grimes ' request for a special senate committee meeting because they had information “ highly pertinent ” to a long running saga involving changes in Hansard to an incorrect answer given by their minister , Barnaby Joyce . Labor has alleged that Joyce may have misled the House of Representatives by insisting they had no knowledge of the corrections requested by their staff .
The leader of the opposition in the Senate , Penny Wong , said the sacking was “ outrageous ” and claimed it was part of a pattern of government retaliation against anyone who called them to account .
PM 's department contacted Paul Grimes ' a number of times ' over Barnaby Joyce 's Hansard Read more
“ I think this is absolutely appalling , the sacking of a respected public servant , who appears to have been sacked because they did n't want to join the cover-up that their minister was engaging in , in terms of changes to what was said in parliament , ” Wong told the ABC on Sunday .
“ What this demonstrates yet again is this government is prepared to go after anybody and any measure of accountability that they see as standing in their way . We have seen that when it comes to ( president of the Human Rights Commission ) professor Gillian Triggs , we have seen their trashing of any accountability mechanism that they regard as inconvenient , ” they said .
Paul Barratt was sacked as the secretary of the Department of Defence under the Howard government and challenged the decision in the federal court . The court found that a secretary terminated in that way had a right to a hearing , but that it was sufficient for the minister to say that they had lost confidence in the department head .
“ What it all boils down to is that a departmental secretary is a tenant at will and you can be out of a job in 24 hours . Of course that has a chilling effect on people 's willingness to give frank and fearless advice .
Twist in Barnaby Joyce 's Hansard saga as department head unexpectedly takes leave Read more
“ Everyone now knows the minister does n't have to say why they have lost faith in you , whether it is accurate , whether it is fair , they or they just has to say that they have . ”
Under section 59 of the public service act a departmental secretary can be sacked by the prime minister , on the advice of the relevant minister , after the prime minister receives reports from the secretary of their own department and the public service commissioner .
Both those jobs have recently been filled by the Abbott government . The secretary of the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet is Michael Thawley , a former ambassador to the US and adviser to John Howard , and the new public service commissioner is John Lloyd , a former public servant and former director of the work reform unit at the Institute of Public Affairs .
Despite having received those reports , Abbott said they were not “ privy ” to all the details of the case .
“ I 'm not going to go into all of those details , because I 'm not privy to all of them at this point in time . The secretary of my department believed the best way to handle this was the way it has , in fact , been handled , ” they said .
“ There was a mutual agreement as I understand it reached in discussions between the secretary of the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet and Dr Grimes that it would be in their interest and the government 's interest if they moved on .
Department head expected to leave their post after asking for special hearing Read more
“ It was determined and I think this was made clear in a statement from the minister for agriculture on Friday , that the kind of mutual confidence that should exist between a minister and a departmental secretary did n't exist and therefore it was best for the relationship between of my ministers and their secretaries and the minister for agriculture as a strong relationship with their department , a very strong relationship with their department . But there was an issue that arose as I understand it between them and their office and the secretary and the best way to resolve it was in the way that 's happened . ”
As soon as it came to office the Abbott government sacked three respected public service heads – the secretary of the Department of Resources and former secretary of the Department of Climate Change , Blair Comley , who is now the secretary of the NSW premier 's department , Grimes ' predecessor as secretary of the Department of Agriculture , Andrew Metcalfe , who had previously been secretary of the immigration department and former advisor to Paul Keating , Don Russell , who was head of the department of industry and innovation . The government also effectively removed the secretary of the treasurer 's department , Martin Parkinson , initially without the knowledge of the treasurer , Joe Hockey , although Parkinson eventually stayed on in their job until late last year .
Several House Democrats are calling on Congress to recognize that climate change is hurting women more than men , and could even drive poor women to `` transactional sex '' for survival .
The resolution , from Rep. Barbara Lee ( D-Calif. ) and a dozen other Democrats , says the results of climate change include drought and reduced agricultural output . It says these changes can be particularly harmful for women .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` [ F ] ood insecure women with limited socioeconomic resources may be vulnerable to situations such as sex work , transactional sex , and early marriage that put them at risk for HIV , STIs , unplanned pregnancy , and poor reproductive health , '' it says .
Climate change could also add `` workload and stresses '' on female farmers , which the resolution says produce 60 to 80 percent of the food in developing countries .
The chances for regional conflict also increase with climate change , the resolution says , because changing weather patterns could lead to migration and refugee crises . It said these sorts of potential conflicts over land will have a disproportionate impact on `` the most vulnerable populations including women . ''
More broadly , the resolution says climate change will hurt `` marginalized '' women , such as refugees , sexual minorities , adolescent girls , and women and girls with HIV . It also cites Hurricane Katrina as evidence of how climate change can affect women , noting that the storm displaced `` over 83 percent of low-income , single mothers '' in the region .
More from The Hill :
♦ White House denies Saudis warned about Boston suspect
♦ Botched ObamaCare rollout tops Dem fears for 2014
♦ Tea Party group hopes to draft Palin for Senate run
♦ Lawmakers pitch pet projects for tax reform
♦ Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE supports allowing same-sex couples to adopt
♦ Benghazi whistleblower reports rekindle call for select committee
In a statement to The Hill , Lee said women are critically underrepresented in the development of climate change policy .
`` My resolution will affirm the commitment to include and empower women in economic development planning and international climate change policies and practices , '' they said . `` This will help communities adapt to climate impacts , and embark on a path towards clean and sustainable development . ''
The resolution calls on Congress to recognize the effects on women , and to use `` gender-specific frameworks in developing policies to address climate change . ''
It says Congress recognizes the need for `` balanced participation of men and women '' in climate change adaption efforts , and that Congress will support women who are vulnerable to climate change .
Finally , it encourages the president to `` integrate a gender approach in all policies and programs '' related to climate change , and to ensure these policies `` support women globally to prepare for , build resilience for , and adapt to climate change . ''
President Obama announced Monday that they plan to deliver a farewell address next week as their two terms in the White House come to an end this month .
“ I 'm just beginning to write my remarks . But I 'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey , to celebrate the ways you 've changed this country for the better these past eight years , and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here , ” Mr. Obama said in a blog post on the White House website .
Obama 's final push to save the Affordable Care Act
The president will deliver the address next Tuesday from Chicago , which is where they lived before becoming president .
“ Since 2009 , we 've faced our fair share of challenges , and come through them stronger . That 's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding—our conviction that , together , we can change this country for the better , ” they added .
The announcement comes as the first family returns from their annual two-week holiday vacation in Hawaii .
Mr. Obama is set to deliver the address 10 days before Donald Trump 's inauguration . The Obamas plan to stay in Washington , D.C. until Sasha , their younger daughter , graduates from high school .
It 's unclear if Mr. Obama plans to do a final press conference . The last one they held with the White House press corps was at the end of December , just before they departed for Hawaii .
EA and DICE have finally given up the details for the upcoming Battlefield 3 beta . The open beta will begin on September 29 , and will feature the `` Rush '' game mode on the Operation Metro map . The beta will end on October 10 .
If you 've preordered the game via Origin , or if you own the Tier 1 edition of Medal of Honor , you will be e-mailed with instructions telling you how to access the beta on September 27 , giving you an extra 48 hours of playtime . On the PlayStation 3 , the beta will simply appear for download on September 27 , with no further action needed .
This is how DICE describes the now-familiar Rush game mode :
First introduced in Battlefield : Bad Company , Rush has now made its way to the heart of the Battlefield series in Battlefield 3 . An objective based mode , the attackers have to arm and detonate pairs of M-COM stations in each area of the map to unlock the next area and the next pair of M-COM stations . While defenders have an unlimited amount of spawn tickets , attackers only get new tickets every time they destroy a pair of M-COMs . If all M-COM stations on the entire map are destroyed , the attackers are declared the winning team . If the defenders manage to deplete the attacker 's tickets to zero ( by killing them ) , the defenders are declared the winners . As an all-out warfare mode , Rush features a large variety of vehicle setups tuned specifically to that map 's landscape and features . Players can find all types of vehicles on Rush maps , including transport vehicles , armored vehicles , helicopters , and of course , jets . Rush offers a compelling objective based all-out warfare game mode for Battlefield veterans .
There will also be a few notable changes to the Rush gameplay :
You can not use explosives or shoot at the M-COM to take it out . Only arm and disarm .
If the attacking team arms the M-COM , but runs out of tickets , the match will continue until the M-COM detonates or defenders disarm it
If the defenders start disarming an M-COM just before it 's about to blow , the explosion is prevented until to disarm is accomplished . If the defender gets killed during the disarm process , the M-COM will instantly blow
You ca n't use explosives on the M-COMs anymore ? Hrm . I 'm interested in thoughts from the community on that decision .
EA has also released the minimum and recommended specifications for the PC version of the game :
Minimum system requirements
OS : Windows Vista ( SP 2 ) 32-bit
Process : 2 GHz dual-core ( Core 2 Duo 2.4 GHz or Athlon X2 2.7 GHz )
Memory : 2 GB
Hard drive : 20 GB
Graphics card ( AMD ) : DirectX 10.1 compatible with 512 MB RAM ( ATI Radeon 3000 , 4000 , 5000 or 6000 series , with ATI Radeon 3870 or higher performance )
Graphics card ( NVIDIA ) : DirectX 10.0 compatible with 512 MB RAM ( NVIDIA GeForce 8 , 9 , 200 , 300 , 400 or 500 series with NVIDIA GeForce 8800 GT or higher performance )
Sound card : DirectX compatible
Keyboard and mouse
DVD-ROM drive
Recommended system requirements
OS : Windows 7 64-bit
Processor : quad-core CPU
Memory : 4 GB
Hard drive : 20 GB
Graphics card : DirectX 11 compatible with 1024MB RAM ( NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 or ATI Radeon 6950 )
Sound card : DirectX compatible
Keyboard and mouse
DVD-ROM drive
We 'll see you online !
MONTREAL — Listening to politicians , it can feel as if Quebec is under assault from religious fundamentalists . The opposition Parti Québécois wants an observer to report annually to the National Assembly on “ manifestations of religious fundamentalism. ” The Liberal government has a working group to combat radicalism . The Coalition Avenir Québec proposes banning preaching that runs counter to Quebec values .
But those same legislators have no quarrel with a secular fundamentalism that has taken root in the province at the expense of religious rights . On Thursday , the Supreme Court of Canada sent a message to Quebec that its state-sanctioned secularism can go too far .
In a ruling affirming the right of Montreal 's Loyola High School , a private Catholic boys school , to teach its own version of a provincially mandated course on ethics and religion , the court offered a timely reminder to politicians .
“ The pursuit of secular values means respecting the right to hold and manifest different religious beliefs , ” Justice Rosalie Abella wrote for the majority . “ A secular state respects religious differences , it does not seek to extinguish them . ”
The pursuit of secular values means respecting the right to hold and manifest different religious beliefs
The ruling specifically applies to a small number of private religious schools in Quebec , but it resonates more widely at a time when governments contend with questions involving religious rights . Recently in Quebec , mosques have run up against obstacles over fears of religious extremism , and a Muslim woman was told they could not appear before a Quebec Court wearing their hijab . The federal government has taken a stand against the face-covering niqab , saying women can not wear the garments during citizenship ceremonies .
Interference with a religious group 's beliefs or practices is justified only if they “ conflict with or harm overriding public interests , ” Justice Abella wrote .
In the Loyola case , the court found that there was no such conflict or harm . The dispute stemmed from Quebec 's 2008 introduction of a course called Ethics and Religious Culture ( ERC ) , which begins in primary school and is continued during four of the five years of high school .
The ERC program resulted from the end of denominational school boards in Quebec and reflected a noble goal of inculcating “ in all students openness to diversity and respect for others , ” as the court put it . Students would be taught about world religions and ethical questions from an impartial perspective . That is fine and indeed appropriate for public schools but hugely problematic for Loyola , which has been run by Jesuits since its founding in the 1840s and is attended mostly by children from Catholic families .
The instructions from the Education Department were that Loyola would not be allowed to teach any part of the ERC program — even Catholicism — from a Catholic point of view . All religions would be on an equal footing . “ In an effort to try to be pluralistic , it essentially wo n't take a stand , ” school principal Paul Donovan lamented when the course was introduced .
Thursday 's ruling states that Quebec 's refusal to allow Loyola to teach an equivalent course from a Catholic perspective has a “ serious impact on religious freedom. ” And there is an implication that the Education Department 's hard-nosed approach was born out of a suspicion of religious belief .
“ The Minister 's decision suggests that engagement with an individual 's own religion on their or their own terms can simply be presumed to impair respect for others , ” Justice Abella wrote .
All seven judges who heard the case agreed that Loyola should be allowed to teach a version of the course that reflects its mission as a Catholic school , but there was a difference over how far it could diverge from the official curriculum .
In a partially concurring opinion that argued for less restriction on Loyola , Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin and Justice Michael Moldaver wrote that it is enough for Loyola teachers to treat other religious viewpoints with respect ; it does not have to treat them as equally legitimate .
“ Indeed , presenting fundamentally incompatible religious doctrines as equally legitimate and equally credible could imply that both are equally false , ” they wrote . “ Surely this can not be a perspective that a religious school can be compelled to adopt . ”
John Zucchi , whose son was a student at Loyola when the ERC program was introduced and who was a plaintiff in the initial court case , said Thursday 's ruling provides crucial guidance . “ This is helping the country to come to what I would call a sane form of secularism , ” they said . “ We do n't need to shut down one voice in the name of diversity and pluralism , but rather diversity and pluralism mean that all perspectives can be heard and be out in the public square . ”
National Post
ghamilton @ nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/grayhamilton
Make the jump and read about the mystery that does n't die , no matter how often you think you 've figured it out ...
If you live anywhere near Center City , it 's likely that you have seen one of the more than 20 tiles spread across Philadelphia . A few have even been seen on I-76 , I-676 and I-95 . There is n't much anyone can say about them with any certainty . The first one , as best as anyone can tell , showed up twenty-three years ago and less reliable reports place them as early as the mid-1970s .
This much we know for sure :
The tiles always show up embedded in the asphalt of intersections They all contain , with minimal variation , the following blurb :
TOYNBEE IDEA
IN KUBRICK 'S 2001
RESURRECT DEAD
ON PLANET JUPITER The writing is somehow carved into ( or out of , in some cases ) linoleum , which is then coated on the bottom with asphalt glue and wrapped in tar paper . The tiles become embedded in street by way of repeated runnings-over during the normal flow of traffic .
That 's where the certainty ends . However , there is no shortage of intrigue . Let 's take , for example , the noted and somewhat controversial historian Arnold J. Toynbee . Their name fills the first line of the cryptic message , but what `` idea '' is being referred to ? The message board on Justin Duerr 's website , resurrectdead.com , contains a quote from Toynbee 's own Experiences :
If this is the truth , 'matter ' and 'spirit ' may each be infinite in its own dimension ; and every human being will be a point at which these two perhaps infinite entities intersect each other . We do not understand what the relation between them is . I suspect that their apparent duality may be an illusion produced by some feature in the structure of our minds that diffracts an indivisible reality into fractions which we do not know how to re-combine .
Also from Experiences and , as you 'll see in a moment , just as interesting :
If extra-sensory perception is a proven reality ( and I am convinced by first-hand evidence that it is ) , its existence indicates that a human being may , after all , not be the psychosomatic monolith that they appear to be in the light of present-day medical and psychological research . Human nature is still mysterious , and the mystery extends , beyond human nature , to the whole Universe , in both its spiritual and physical aspect , and to the ultimate reality in and behind and beyond the phenomena .
How does this connect to Stanley Kubrick 's movie 2001 : A Space Odyssey ? Well , the characters journey to Jupiter , encounter a monolith ( the quote above does refer to humankind as a `` psychosomatic monolith '' ) and one of them does end up sort of , well , ghost-like near the end ( echoing Toynbee 's keen belief in the spiritual and physical `` seperateness '' of humanity ) .
Technically , though , no one actually gets raised from the dead in the movie .
If that 's not enough , noted playwright David Mamet wrote a ( very ) short play in 1983 called Four AM , detailing a conversation between a radio host and a seemingly delusional character who mentions raising the dead on Jupiter , as per the movie and Toynbee 's writings . The conversation is brief and ends with the idea being logically destroyed by the host .
Now , in the same year ( which was also graced by the birth of your humble author ) , the Philadelphia Inquirer ran a story by Clark DeLeon outlining the ideas of Philly native James Morasco , which were practically identical to those of Mamet 's character . Morasco , it turns out , was a real person . They claimed that they headed the `` Minority Association '' and was originally the prime suspect for the first wave of tiles ( that 's right , they seem to come in two distinct flavors , one more recent and slightly different in materials and methods ) . They are no longer considered the tiler , as they are dead and still , they appear .
Morasco and their fictional counterpart are both part of a clandestine group of like-minded people and share very similar ideas about the historian and the movie involved . Both did , in fact , surface in the same year . However , Mamet 's play was not published until 1985 . So the answer to the question of who came first , the crank or the character , seems to be the character . And so the plot thickens ...
The tiles , which show up in several seemingly random US cities and a few foreign ones , have been extensively researched by the asupervisorstioned Duerr and their fellow enthusiasts , one of whom wrote this article . In it , the author outlines the stunning finding that the Philadelphia address that appears only in one tile , and in Santiago , Chile , no less , was once the home of a Conrail worker named Railroad Joe . It turns out , they go on to say , that all the tiled cities ( except Kansas City but including Santiago ) lay somewhere along Conrail 's route . Now that 's very eeeen-teresting .
Also , be sure to check out Justin Duerr 's web site , resurrectdead.com , where they outline their own extensive research and the preparations of their documentary on the subject .
In Part II , we 'll clean up the mess a bit , introduce some more juicy tidbits and include an interview with the esteemed Mr. Duerr .
Until then , visit Toynbee.net for a list of tile locations and keep your eyes open .
Image from Flickr user otfrom .
Monday evening on Second Street in Belmont Shore started as a night like any other .
In fact , partners J.H . and J.W . had embarked upon the very same routine a few nights earlier , during the 33rd Annual Belmont Shore Christmas Parade : dinner at St. and Second , followed by a leisurely walk to J.W . 's car , parked on St. Joseph Avenue .
The tenor of the night 's events quickly changed when the couple was attacked by what they say was a trio of hispanic males in their late teens or early 20s , who allegedly shouted homophobic and racial obscenities at the victims throughout the incident . Both men were stabbed , one sustaining a punctured lung .
“ It 's pretty nuts—you would n't think something like that would happen , ” said J.W. , who is black and in their late 30s . “ Belmont Shore , with its restaurants and shops… It 's usually deemed pretty safe . But there are spots throughout Long Beach where people are getting beaten up and robbed . ”
Both J.H . and J.W . requested to be referred to by just their initials .
J.H. , who is white and in their 50s , was stabbed twice in the chest , but is currently out of the hospital , stitched up and on the road to recovery . Meanwhile , J.W . sustained a punctured lung , through a stab wound in the back . They are currently being treated at Long Beach Memorial Hospital .
The couple left St. and Second at closing time , around 10:20PM , said J.W .
“ We just had fun , having dinner and walking along St. Joseph , ” said J.H . They had passed the meters on the street and were just getting close to the residential zone , when they saw two men , described as Hispanic males in their late teens or early 20s , on the opposite side of the street .
Because J.W . 's car was parked on that side , they began to cross .
“ They [ the men ] met us in the middle , ” said J.W . “ They said ‘ Run your pockets , ' ” they said , demanding money from the couple . “ [ J.H . ] and I were taken aback . It 's not every day when someone asks you for your money . ”
The couple stood their ground , loudly talking to the suspects , signaling they would not comply and hand over their wallets . Soon after , a member of the group described as tall and skinny lunged forward and attacked J.H .
“ I was screaming while I was fighting to get on top [ … ] I was grabbing whatever I could : hair , eyes , because we were too close to punch each other , ” said J.H . “ These guys were n't trying to give up. ” J.W . was pushed away from J.H . and engaged by a second young male assailant .
As soon as the physical altercation began , J.H . said certain inflammatory statements were being repeated over and over , including “ F-ck all ni–ers . ”
“ I was like , this is becoming something else , ” said J.W . At some point during the altercation , they fell and experienced a sharp pain .
“ It thinks that must 've been when they stabbed me , ” said J.W . At that point , the suspect continued to kick and punch J.W . in the head , while they were on the ground .
Both men said they saw a group of bystanders down the road who simply stared , despite their screams .
Eventually , a resident on the street came out of their house and injected themselves into the altercation , attempting to push the suspects off of the couple . However , the man 's presence did n't stop the assault .
“ I just do n't feel like it was a common attempted robbery , ” said J.W . “ It was n't the common thief that was n't personally invested in the situation . They would likely turn and run . ”
The couple say a third young hispanic man ran down the street , but four other neighbors quickly exited their homes as well and made their presence known . It was n't until the neighbors outnumbered the young men , five to three , that the suspects ran away .
“ Personally , I feel there 's a strong possibility we were targeted from the get-go , ” said J.W . “ F-words and N-words were thrown around pretty quickly , and they were definitely directed at me . If it was n't the primary motivator behind the attack , it was definitely a secondary one . ”
As previously reported , the police were dispatched around 10:45PM . The two men were at the hospital by 11:30 , where they received treatment for their wounds .
While J.H . is out of the hospital and has returned to work , part-time , J.W . will be out for the next few weeks . Both are still processing the attack , and how it has altered their world view .
“ The officer made a good point—they do n't go to poor sections to rob people , ” said J.H . “ They 're gon na go to nice parts . In retrospect , we could n't have prepared for this . They appeared from out of nowhere . You just have to take stock of the situation and rethink . ”
From their hospital bed , J.W . told the Post the parting words of the three men made them believe the aggressive nature of the attack was likely related to gang activity or gang initiation , which often involves targeting members of the gay or black community .
“ Their last words were ‘ F-ck all ni–ers . ' To me that was very clear. ” J.W . listed some past actions by the East Side Longos as making this incident possibly gang-related , in their opinion .
The police have not mentioned gang activity as a possibility at this point , nor if this incident could be classified as a hate crime .
“ Detectives are actively investigating and attempting to determine if the victims were specifically targeted , ” an LBPD representative said in a statement today .
J.H . said the support from family and friends in the aftermath of the attack has been amazing , and he 's grateful to just be alive . They said they want people to be aware that dangerous situations can occur anywhere , encouraging people to travel in groups and park in well-lit areas .
“ I 'm just glad I 'm sitting here , ” said J.W . “ It was a really bad night , and was really eye-opening . ”
The KDE project has announced the outcome of its participation as a mentoring organisation in the Google Summer of Code ( GSoC ) 2012 . According to the announcement , KDE was the biggest participating organisation in the event and 59 out of the 60 different projects it mentored were successful . Under the project 's flight attendantship , students worked on a diverse range of KDE sub-projects from core libraries to entertainment and multimedia applications .
KDE projects that were improved or will benefit from contributions by GSoC students include the media player Amarok , the Calligra office suite , the Gluon game engine and KDE 's IDE , KDevelop . Projects included implementing OpenStreetMap vector rendering in Marble , adding face recognition features to digiKam , Facebook integration for the microblogging client Choqok , and Spotify integration for Amarok . A full list of all projects and associated progress reports is available on the KDE Community Wiki .
In the announcement , the organisers of KDE 's GSoC participation express the hope that many of the students involved will keep contributing to the various projects and will consider taking part in next year 's Summer of Code as well . They also point out that many of the improvements achieved this year have been under the cover of the various programs and that it might take time until end users notice the changes . Some of the modifications also need to be further integrated into existing code , which is an ongoing effort .
( fab )
A pro-Kremlin political news site says it has developed a computer algorithm to determine which media outlets are the most anti-Russian.The politonline.ru website , part of the Pravda.ru media holding , says it has created a special system that vets media content for suggestive words and phrasing that cast the Russian state and its actions in Ukraine in a negative light.The system , among other things , is programmed to red-flag terms like `` annexation , '' `` Anschluss , '' and `` little green men '' -- a reference to the insignia-free `` self-defense '' troops that suddenly appeared in Crimea during Russia 's militarized takeover.The result is Russia 's first top-20 list of the most `` anti-Russian '' news outlets , based on a qualitative analysis of the politically heated month of March , andon March 31.1.2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9.and10.11.12.13.14.15.16.17.18.19.20.The publications , in addition to favoring so-called `` negative '' rhetoric , may have also contributed to their ranking by doing any of the following : comparing the actions of Russian politicians to those of Nazis ; using the word `` aggression '' to describe Russia 's behavior in Ukraine , appeals for Russia to be isolated or subject to sanctions , or favorable references to Ukraine 's Euromaidan protests or the Right Sector nationalist movement.Positive references to pro-Russian forces as `` polite people '' and `` support for Crimea '' were also found lacking in the top-20 outlets , whose texts were also evaluated for emotional shading and tone.The list , which begins with the Ekho Moskvy radio station , Dozhd TV , and the `` Novaya gazeta '' investigative newspaper , predictably reads like a Who 's Who in Russia 's rapidly dwindling pool of editorially independent media . ( RFE/RL 's Russian Service , Radio Svoboda , ranks 6th on the list . ) More worryingly , the list is also being interpreted by some Kremlin supporters as a ready-made kill list.Aleksandr Dugin , the conservative political adviser described in this week 's `` Foreign Affairs '' asreposted the politonline.ru list on his , saying , `` This is the order in which Russia 's most contemptible media outlets will be closed or blocked ( in the cases of those located outside Russia 's borders ) . `` The list -- and Dugin 's injunction -- is certain to send a chill through Russia 's free-press advocates.The country 's open media has come under punishing scrutiny as Russian President Vladimir Putin has sought to eliminate alternatives to the Kremlin narrative.Popular Dozhd TV -- which provided some of the most gripping live coverage of Russia 's massive election-season protests in 2012 -- was forced to launch alast week after it was dropped by cable operators protesting an online poll deemed unpatriotic.The Lenta.ru news site , widely regarded as one of the most objective and professional information sites in Russia , was dealt a massive blow in mid-March , when its longtime editor and several senior staff members werefor the publication of a Right Sector profile that linked to `` extremist '' content . `` Vedomosti '' newspaper came under fire for publishing anby respected scholar Andrei Zubov comparing Putin 's actions in Crimea to the Nazi Anschluss . Even RIA-Novosti , Russia 's largest state-owned news agency , was abolished as too outspoken and is due to be revamped under the watch of Kremlin spin doctor Dmitry Kiselyov .
Punching Down by kevinbolk
This is a succinct summation of an technique called DARVO ( Deny , Attack , and Reverse Victim and Offender ) , which basically involves people doing bad things attempting to flip things around so that they 're the victim .
For example , when people talk about men 's problems with addressing men 's issues , especially when it comes to feminism , some feminists will go “ that 's a good point , we could do a better job , lets talk about it ” .
Unfortunately , many more will accuse the critic of being a mansplaining misogynist trying to derail feminism and make it all about the menz , or suchlike . And some will say that feminism is already helping men , but most people do n't know about it because of the media/lack of research/anyone but feminists themselves .
Strangely , these people almost never bother to provide actual examples of major feminist efforts to help men .
Epic Games has released a new version of its popular Epic Citadel tech demo that runs entirely using open HTML5 and JavaScript standards in order to show off the potential for plugin-free game development inside a Web browser .
To convert the Unreal Engine 3 tech demo to standards-compliant HTML5 , Epic made use of Emscripten , a tool that allows users to compile programs written in C and C++ into asm.js , a stricter subset of JavaScript that adds additional low-level functions and optimization . This allows the demo to run `` within 2x of native speeds , '' according to Epic , while still supporting features like global illumination and dynamic specular lighting .
Indeed , in our tests , the HTML5 version was benchmarked at just under 28fps at a 1920×1200 resolution on a three-year-old Windows desktop rig , compared to about 48 frames per second for the native version running through UDK on the desktop . The HTML5 performance appeared comparable to the Flash version of Epic Citadel that was released last year , but that version lacks the native benchmarking capabilities that would allow for a like-for-like comparison to other versions . Still , I was able to get a smooth 60fps on the Flash version running in Chrome ( though , oddly , only 30fps in Firefox ) .
While the new version of Epic Citadel could theoretically work in any browser that supports HTML5 , the demo is only currently fully supported in the latest versions of Firefox Nightly , which fully supports WebGL and asm.js . The Chrome development team is reportedly working on fixing a problem that currently crashes the demo , while Internet Explorer users are left out in the cold with no WebGL support at all . Opera and Safari are not supported , even in their WebGL-equipped incarnations .
While apps running in the browser will likely never be able to match the kind of performance you can get with native code , it 's nice to see more developers working to narrow the gap without needing to resort to proprietary plugins or coding environments . After all , releasing a single HTML5-compliant game that works across browsers and platforms is a lot more straightforward than crafting dozens of different ports for different systems .
In English and English-derived legal systems , an Anton Piller order ( frequently misspelled Anton Pillar order ) is a court order that provides the right to search premises and seize evidence without prior warning . This is intended to prevent the destruction of relevant evidence , particularly in cases of alleged trademark , copyright or patent infringements .
Overview [ edit ]
The order is named after the 1975 English case of Anton Piller KG v Manufacturing Processes Limited , dealing with the theft of trade secrets , [ 1 ] although the first reported such order was granted by Templeman J earlier that year . [ 2 ] They are now known as search orders in England and Wales , [ 3 ] New Zealand , [ 4 ] Australia , [ 5 ] and India . [ 6 ]
In Anton Piller , Lord Denning described the nature of the relief :
“ Let me say at once that no court in this land has any power to issue a search warrant to enter a man 's house so as to see if there are papers or documents there which are of an incriminating nature , whether libels or infringements of copyright or anything else of the kind . No constable or bailiff can knock at the door and demand entry so as to inspect papers or documents . The householder can shut the door in their face and say , 'Get out . ' That was established in the leading case of Entick v . Carrington . [ 7 ] None of us would wish to whittle down that principle in the slightest . But the Order sought in this case is not a search warrant . It does not authorise the Plaintiffs ' Solicitors or anyone else to enter the Defendant 's premises against theirs will . It does not authorise the breaking down of any doors , nor the slipping in by a back door , nor getting in by an open door or window . It only authorises entry and inspection by the permission of the Defendants . The Plaintiff must get the Defendant 's permission . But it does do this : It brings pressure on the Defendants to give permission . It does more . It actually orders them to give permission—with , I suppose , the result that if they do not give permission , they are guilty of contempt of Court . ”
Because such an order does not give the accused party the ability to defend themselves , Anton Piller orders are only issued exceptionally and according to the three-step test set out by Ormrod LJ in Anton Piller :
There is an extremely strong prima facie case against the respondent , The damage , potential or actual , must be very serious for the applicant , and There must be clear evidence that the respondents have in their possession relevant documents or things and that there is a real possibility that they may destroy such material before an inter partes application can be made . [ 8 ]
In England , it has been reported that approximately 500 Anton Piller orders were granted per year between 1975 and 1980 . During the 1990s , this rate had dropped tenfold . Although the name persists in normal usage , the common law application of this order has been largely superseded by a statutory search order under the Civil Procedure Act 1997 . A search order under this act `` does not affect any right of a person to refuse to do anything on the ground that to do so might tend to expose them or their spouse to proceedings for an offence or for the recovery of a penalty '' . [ 9 ]
Hugh Laddie is generally credited with the `` invention '' of the Anton Piller order . [ 10 ] An obituary in The Daily Telegraph stated that they later described the Anton Piller order `` as a Frankenstein 's monster that went far beyond their original design brief . `` [ 11 ]
In some jurisdictions ( for example , Hong Kong and South Africa ) where there is no statutory search order , the Anton Piller order is still often used . In South Africa , for example , in Mathias International Ltd v Baillache , [ 12 ] the applicants instituted motion proceedings in which they claimed ( i ) an Anton Piller order and ( ii ) interdictory relief directed at prohibiting unlawful competition by the first and second respondents using the applicants ' 'confidential information . '
In Lock International plc v Beswick , [ 13 ] Anton Piller orders were mentioned as `` inherently oppressive . `` [ need quotation to verify ]
Outside England [ edit ]
Anton Piller orders also constitute a common ex parte procedure in intellectual property related cases in some other countries , such as Canada , France , and Italy .
France and Belgium [ edit ]
Anton Piller orders are known in France and Belgium as `` saisie-contrefaçon '' orders , translated literally `` infringement seizure '' orders , ( or in Belgium also as `` saisie-description '' orders , translated literally descriptive seizure orders ) . The court order may only allow the description of the alleged counterfeited goods and processes , with the aim of obtaining evidence of infringement , or may additionally allow real seizure to take place in addition to the description measures . [ 14 ] Such a seizure is enforced by a bailiff , usually accompanied by at least one expert . It can take place on the premises of the alleged infringer , but also at a trade fair for instance . Art . L. 615-5. of the French IP code reads as follows ( excerpt only ) :
The owner of a patent application or the owner of a utility certificate application or the owner of a patent or of a utility certificate shall have the possibility of furnishing proof by any means whatsoever of the infringement of which they claim to be a victim .
They shall further be entitled , on an order given by the President of the First Instance Court of the place of the presumed infringement , to direct any bailiffs , accompanied by experts of their own choice , to proceed with a detailed description , with or without effective seizure , of the allegedly infringing articles or processes . Such order shall be provisionally enforced . It may be subjected to a security on the part of the plaintiff . In that same order , the President of the Court may authorise the bailiff to carry out any enquiry required to ascertain the origin , nature and scope of the infringement . ... `` ( emphasis added ) [ 15 ]
European Union [ edit ]
Similar provisions are now required in the rest of Europe , under Article 7 of the European Union Directive on the enforcement of intellectual property rights , approved in April 2004 .
Australia [ edit ]
Anton Piller orders are also used in Australia and are available on grounds similar to that of England . Each superior court jurisdiction provides rules and forms for the manner in which Anton Piller orders are available .
In technical modern terminology , Anton Piller orders are referred to as `` search orders '' , [ citation needed ] but `` Anton Piller order '' remains dominant in everyday use , including in universities .
Of the greatest importance is the onus upon an applicant to establish proper grounds for obtaining such an order . This is due to the largely ex parte nature of the application . As such , an applicant must demonstrate not only that it has reasonable grounds for success in its case but must put the likely counterarguments of a respondent if that respondent were present to oppose the order being granted . This is a heavy burden faced by an applicant : its avoidance is not taken lightly by the courts and can result in penalties for its breach ( see Columbia Picture Industries v Robinson [ 1987 ] Ch 38 ) .
Canada [ edit ]
Common-law jurisdictions [ edit ]
The Supreme Court of Canada , in Celanese Canada Inc. v. Murray Demolition Corp. [ 16 ] established guidelines for Anton Piller Orders . The orders are meant to protect evidence from being destroyed , not to gain litigious advantage , and should only be issued if :
The plaintiff has demonstrated a strong prima facie case
case The damage to the plaintiff of the respondent 's alleged misconduct , potential or actual , must be very serious .
There must be convincing evidence that the defendant has in its possession incriminating documents or things
It must be shown that there is a real possibility that the defendant may destroy such material before the discovery process can do its work . [ 17 ]
The Court laid out basic protection for the rights of parties involved . [ 18 ] The protections in place are meant to protect solicitor-client privilege by preventing privileged documents from being disclosed . [ 19 ] The search must be conducted according to the following guidelines :
During normal business hours
Defendant or responsible employee of the defendant should be present
The persons who may conduct the search should be specified and limited in number
A copy of the claim should be served on the defendant
The defendants have a right to contact their lawyer within a reasonable amount of time
A detailed list of evidence should be made
Where possible , documents seized should be placed in custody of the supervising lawyer and defence should have the opportunity to review them .
Contested evidence should be kept in the supervising lawyer 's custody
The supervising lawyer , referred to as an Independent Supervising Solicitor ( ISS ) , should :
act as a neutral officer of the court explain the court 's order to the defendant supervise the search for and seizure of evidence from the defendant objectively report to the Court aid the Court and counsel for all parties in technical matters .
In addition , following the search :
The Order should make clear the responsibilities of the supervising solicitor continue beyond the search itself .
Supervising lawyer should file a report of the search within a time limit describing the execution including who was present and what was seized .
The plaintiff may be required to file and serve a motion for review within a set time in case the defendant does not request such a review .
If counsel gains access to privileged documents as a result of an Anton Piller Order , the court must ensure precautionary steps are taken to prevent any potential prejudice – including removal of counsel if no alternative is available . [ 20 ]
Quebec ( civil law jurisdiction ) [ edit ]
The Quebec Court of Appeal has recognized Anton Piller orders as being valid in that province under its civil law . [ 21 ]
Ireland [ edit ]
Anton Piller orders have been granted by the High Court in William A. Grogan ( copyright owner of RAMDIS ) v. Monaghan Electrical Ltd & Michael Traynor ( 1998 ) related to an unlicensed copy of the RAMDIS software system , Joblin-Purser v. Jackman [ 22 ] and Microsoft v. Brightpoint , [ 23 ] but the issue has not come before the Supreme Court and , owing to the civil nature of the order and the strong protection given to the family home in the constitution , it currently exists in something of a grey area . [ citation needed ]
New Zealand [ edit ]
The Anton Piller case is the basis for rule 33.3 of the High Court rules .
This rule states that :
( a ) an applicant seeking the order has a strong prima facie case on an accrued case of action . ( b ) the potential or actual loss or damage to the applicant will be serious if the search order is not made ( c ) there is sufficient evidence in relation to a respondent that – the respondent possesses relevant evidentiary material ; and there is a real possibility that the respondent might destroy such material or cause it to be unavailable for use in evidence in a proceeding or anticipated proceeding before the court . [ 24 ]
Impoundment orders in the United States [ edit ]
Orders comparable to Anton Piller orders have long been available in the United States under section 503 ( a ) of the Copyright Act ( 17 USC , § 503 ( a ) ) , which provides for the impounding of allegedly infringing copies of works and equipment for making them . [ 25 ]
In recent years , questions have been raised about the abusive use of these orders , [ 26 ] and the doubtful constitutionality of the procedures used . [ 27 ] More recent decisions in the field have tended to require that that impoundment must be necessary , reasonable , and comport with the requirements of due process . [ 28 ]
Combination with Mareva injunction [ edit ]
An Anton Piller order is often combined with a Mareva injunction , enabling an applicant to have the respondent 's assets frozen so they can not be dissipated to frustrate the judgment . This can , however , be disastrous for a defendant as the cumulative effect of these orders can be to destroy the whole of a business ' custom , by freezing most of its assets and revealing important information to its competitors .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
This article is over 3 years old
Jeb Bush , they 're looking at you . After the Republican debate 's mention of the ‘ French work week ' to denote a slacker , the French are setting the record straight
French people are tired of US politicians bashing France on the campaign trail
Sacré bleu , Jeb Bush is having a bad week ! Not only did the presidential candidate have a disappointing showing in Wednesday 's Republican debate , they have also managed to upset people who can not even vote for them – the French .
While taking a jab at Florida senator Marco Rubio for missing Senate votes due to being on the campaign trail , Bush made a reference to the “ French work week ” .
Jeb Bush gives Marco Rubio their moment to shine after debate attack fizzles out Read more
“ You should be showing up to work . I mean , literally , the Senate , what is it , like a French work week ? You get like three days where you have to show up ? You can campaign . Or just resign . Let someone else take the job , ” they said .
Bush said Rubio knew this was a six-year term when they ran for senator and that their constituents , including Bush , are looking for someone who will fight for them .
The campaign also promoted the soundbite on Twitter , sharing a short video footage of the exchange and tweeting : “ French Work Week vs Real Accomplishments ” .
Jeb Bush ( @ JebBush ) French Work Week vs. Real Accomplishments . # GOPDebate https : //t.co/24yQ2bMGmF
The French were not impressed .
Gérard Araud , French ambassador to the US , pushed back on Twitter . “ The French work an average of 39.6 hours a week compared to 39.2 for the Germans , ” they said .
“ A French work week of 3 days ? No , but a pregnancy paid leave of 16 weeks yes ! And proud of it , ” they tweeted later .
Gérard Araud ( @ GerardAraud ) A French work week of 3 days ? No but a pregnancy paid leave of 16 weeks yes ! And proud of it .
Hours after the debate , a French newspaper the Local ran a piece with the headline , “ White House race stoops to French bashing , again ” .
“ The reality is the most French people work more than 35 hours each week but the cliché has stubbornly remained on the other side of the Atlantic , ” asserted the paper before pointing out that this is not the first time that linking a candidate to France was used as an attack or an insult . In 2012 , an ad called The French Connection produced by the Newt Gingrich campaign attacked Mitt Romney for speaking French .
Another paper , Libération , pointed out that Eurostat figures show full-time workers in France putting in an average of 40.7 hours per week .
The confusion about the French work week stems from the country 's overtime policies . The 35-hour mark is “ simply a threshold above which overtime or rest days start to kick in , ” French economist Jean-Marie Perbost told BBC last year . They also pointed out that more than half the population work overtime .
“ Not too concerned about attacks from the French media , ” Bush 's communications director , Tim Miller , told CNNMoney when asked about the response . “ Jeb 's working far more than 40 hours a week . ”
Miller also retweeted the following tweet and vine from Independent Journal reporter Kelsey Rupp .
Kelsey Rupp ( @ KelseyRupp ) A look inside the `` French work week '' of the U.S. Senate # news https : //t.co/C60YzrLuWS
The campaign was not the only one to dismiss the remark .
When Laura Haim , reporter for French TV channel Canal+ , asked the White House press secretary , Josh Earnest , what the president thought of the comment , Earnest joked : “ I hope you did n't take that personally , Laura . I can vouch for the fact that you certainly work more than most members of Congress . ”
Haim pressed on , pointing to Ambassador Araud 's comments and asking what Obama thought of the French quality of life .
“ Oh , you guys are so sensitive . I 'll bet you that Governor Bush is just jealous , ” said Earnest . Later , they added : “ It certainly seems to be a quality of life that many French people have warmly embraced , as they should . ”
`` This one matters , '' said the SANS Institute in its briefing on the Heartbleed OpenSSL security flaw last week .
As far as security incidents go , this one was a doozy : Not only did it impact on the majority of secure web sites across the internet , clients were later found to be just as vulnerable .
The encouraging aspect to this issue is that the patching and re-issuing of SSL certificates was swift from many sites , and a good thing too , as any server that used any of the affected versions of OpenSSL should be assumed to have had its memory dumped for the two years that this bug avoided detection .
On the flip side though , it is absolutely damning that an almost two-year , three-releases old Jelly Bean version of Android has been found to be vulnerable to Heartbleed .
Of all the mobile operating systems that could have been impacted , fate decided to choose the one that upgrades between major versions at a pace that makes glacial an overstatement .
Despite the fragmentation between differing versions of Android , it just happens that the impacted 4.1.x series of Jelly Bean is the version with the largest userbase by some stretch .
In statistics published by Google at the start of the month , of Android devices that are accessing Google 's Play Store , 5.3 percent of users are on the most recent KitKat release , 8.9 percent are on Jelly Bean 4.3 , 18.1 percent use Jelly Bean 4.2 , and 34.4 percent use the impacted Jelly Bean 4.1 series that was first released in mid-2012 .
Given that 4.1 has been superseded for well over a year , and many flagship devices have been upgraded beyond that point , any devices left on Jelly Bean 4.1.1 or 4.1.0 are likely to remain stuck on it for quite some time .
With Google not releasing breakdown stats on the percentage of Android devices using 4.1.1 and 4.1.0 , the best to hope for at this point is that most of the 34.4 percent are marooned on the unaffected 4.1.2 version .
The Heartbleed scenario does raise the question of the speed of patching and upgrading on Android . Take for instance , the example of the Samsung Galaxy S4 , released this time last year , it has taken nine months from the July 2013 release of Jelly Bean 4.3 for devices on Australia 's Vodafone network to receive the update , it took a week for Nexus devices to receive the update .
Google 's patch for 4.1.1 is now making its way through the handset makers and telco companies that act as gatekeepers to Android updates , it will be a test for how rapid the architecture of the Android ecosystem can respond .
As someone that has suffered , and continues to do so , from a lack of expediency on Android updates , I 'm far from confident that patching Heartbleed will be a swift and painless process .
Should this issue has impacted any of Android 's competitors — iOS , Windows Phone , Firefox OS , BlackBerry — the companies behind those operating systems would have been able to unilaterally push out that update for millions of users .
Google has taken steps to improve its ability to update and abstract additional user functionality into a core suite of Google apps , rather than adding it into Android itself , but it can only do so much .
When an issue arises with a core library built into an operating system , the only way to resolve it is to push out a core update .
Once again , the reason for Android 's popularity with telcos and handset makers , the ability to deploy customised versions of the operating system to promote one 's services and offerings , becomes it 's Achilles heel .
Heartbleed is asking plenty of questions of developers . Regulation has been proposed for cryptographic code , the low level of funding for struggling projects that are core to many open source operating systems has been highlighted , and why crucial security libraries continue to be written in ways and languages where issues like Heartbleed can occur .
Here we are , with the rest of the computing world patching OpenSSL and re-issuing secure certificates , and Android 's fix is caught somewhere in the abyss between OS maker , handset manufacturer , and telco .
From an Android perspective , it was lucky that Heartbleed did not impact the version of Android used by any Samsung flagship phones , or even Android 4.1.2 . Stakeholders in Android need to inform consumers on what would happen if a major security issue in the kernel were to impact a widely-used Android release .
As it stands , the experience with the 4.1.1 patch has been less than great . Google is up to speed , it 's everyone else involved that is dragging the chain . Should handset manufacturers and telcos continue to be less than expedient , Google needs to develop a way to unilaterally protect its users — and while it may seem drastic , it would merely put Google on par with its competitors .
A bullet was dodged by Android this time , the next time a similar incident happens , it might not be so lucky .
ZDNet 's Monday Morning Opener is our opening salvo for the week in tech . As a global site , this editorial publishes on Monday at 8am AEST in Sydney , Australia , which is 6pm Eastern Time on Sunday in the US . It is written by a member of ZDNet 's global editorial board , which is comprised of our lead editors across Asia , Australia , Europe , and the US .
Previously on Monday Morning Opener
deidre williams.png
Deidra Williams
( Shelby County Jail )
A 23-year-old Birmingham woman was arrested over the weekend after police say they left their infant in a hot , locked car while they shopped .
Deidra Nicole Williams was arrested Saturday in Alabaster on a charge of willful abuse of a child under the age of 18 . They were booked in to the Shelby County Jail and released the following day after posting $ 5,000 bond , according to court and jail records . A bond requirement is that they have no contact with the victim .
Alabaster police Chief Curtis Rigney said police received a call about 1:30 p.m. Saturday to assist firefighters on a 5-month-old found inside a vehicle on First Street North . Initially investigators believed the baby had been in the vehicle for only a short amount of time , but Rigney said they later determined it was an extended period of time . They did n't have an exact amount of time .
The windows were rolled up , the car was locked and it was not running , Rigney said . At the time the infant was found , the National Weather Service estimated the heat index outside of the car to be 102 degrees . Rigney said they are n't sure what the temperature inside the car was at the time the baby was discovered .
Studies show that temperatures inside locked , hot cars rise quickly . For example , if it is 95 degrees outside , the temperature inside a car rises to 114 within 10 minutes , 124 in 20 minutes , 129 in 30 minutes , 133 in 40 minutes , 136 in 50 minutes and 140 by the one-hour mark .
Williams left the baby in the vehicle while they shopped in Dollar General , Rigney said . The baby was conscious when rescued , and was taken to Shelby Baptist Medical Center . Williams was taken to jail , and the Department of Human Resources was notified .
So far this year , at least 16 children have died nationwide after being left in hot cars . Last year , 24 children died across the U.S .
Rigney said he 's thankful the baby was found alive . `` I would say within five or 10 more minutes , that baby would have been dead , '' the chief said . `` I just want to remind people that in this kind of weather , remind yourself of whom all is in the vehicle . ''
Bob Johnstone tells the story of how Germans and Californians transformed solar energy into a zero-carbon power source that is collected on rooftops .
Who could be more different than Germans and Californians ? The Teutons are supposedly uptight and bureaucracy-obsessed , while the American West Coasters are infamously laid-back and libertine . Yet it was these two that transformed solar energy into a zero-carbon power source that today decorates rooftops the world over .
Solar energy 's coming out is a thrilling tale , which the American science journalist Bob Johnstone tells with verve and authority in Switching to Solar , now available on Kindle .
Johnstone 's story flits back and forth across the Atlantic , but begins in the 1970s America where some of the key breakthroughs were made in photovoltaics .
In their initial tilt at solar , the Americans made a series of mistakes . Firstly , the common wisdom was that solar power would one day be produced by huge power stations .
Secondly , it was the utility companies , not the giant oil companies , who were solar 's real enemies . “ They understood , ” they write , “ what remains the case today : every kilowatt produced outside their gates is a kilowatt they 'll never sell . ”
Lastly , the Americans were clueless about getting around the exorbitant price of the earliest solar panels .
Meanwhile , in West Germany a powerful environmental movement had risen up , although the Germans were slower than the Americans in picking up on the potential of the sun and wind .
It was innovations in policy , Johnstone argues , that kick-started Germany 's energy revolution and , principally , the feed-in tariff .
Johnstone calls the tariff an “ ecological masterpiece ” , a law that requires utilities to buy clean energy from individual producers , for example , from farmers in the Black Forest with a wind turbine in a field . Importantly , the utilities must buy it – all of it , at all times – at a rate above the going market price .
Johnstone chronicles the evolution of the tariff . One concerned citizen was Wolf von Fabeck , who , in the 1990s , launched a drive to force local utilities to connect private people experimenting with solar energy to the grid and to buy electricity from them .
This was the first step towards decentralising Germany 's power supply . “ The idea was that private owners of solar systems should be treated as if they were utilities , ” explains von Fabeck .
The feed-in tariff catapulted Germany to the forefront of global production in alternative energies . By last year , a thriving renewable energy sector in Germany employed 450,000 people .
Back in California , an Austrian called Arnold Schwarzenegger had been elected governor . They had an eye on what was happening in Germany and even brought over European experts to advise them with the result that in 2008 and 2009 California , too , endorsed feed-in tariffs and the state 's residents now generate over half the total solar power in the entire US .
Still , this boom has to be put in perspective . Solar power accounts for just 0.25 per cent of California 's total energy capacity . In Germany the figure is closer to three per cent .
But the road is wide open . In just three or four years ' time , say experts , the price of solar-generated electricity will have dropped so much that the feed-in tariff will be abolished , a victim of its own success .
Contents Interesting Facts
The largest of the U.S. states east of the Mississippi River and the youngest of the 13 former English colonies , Georgia was founded in 1732 , at which time its boundaries were even larger—including much of the present-day states of Alabama and Mississippi . By the mid-19th century , Georgia had the greatest number of plantations of any state in the South , and in many respects epitomized plantation culture and economic dependence on slavery . In 1864 , Union General William Tecumseh Sherman invaded Georgia , captured Atlanta and began their infamous March to the Sea , cutting a 200-mile-wide swath of fire and destruction reaching all the way to Savannah . Georgia 's landscapevaries greatly as it sweeps from the Appalachian Mountains in the northto the marshes of the Atlantic coast on the southeast tothe Okefenokee Swamp on the south .
Date of Statehood : January 2 , 1788
Did you know ? Georgia is named after George II , who was king of Britain when Europeans first settled there in 1733 .
Capital : Atlanta
Population : 9,687,653 ( 2010 )
Size : 59,425 square miles
Nickname ( s ) : Peach State ; Empire State of the South
Motto : Wisdom , Justice and Moderation
Tree : Live Oak
Flower : Cherokee Rose
Bird : Brown Thrasher
Interesting Facts
Although initially conceived of by James Oglethorpe as a refuge for London 's indebted prisoners , Georgia was ultimately established in 1732 to protect South Carolina and other southern colonies from Spanish invasion through Florida .
The 13th and last of the British colonies , Georgia was the only one to be governed remotely by a Board of Trustees in London for the first 20 years . It was also the only colony to prohibit slavery from its inception—along with lawyers and Roman Catholics .
In September of 1906 , a race riot broke out in Atlanta after newspaper reports of black men allegedly assaulting white women . Although the attacks were never confirmed , thousands of angry white men gathered downtown , killing dozens of blacks and causing extensive damage to many black-owned businesses . The riot made both national and international headlines and influenced the subsequent statewide passage of prohibition in 1908 .
Georgia was the first of 10 states to vote against ratification of the 19th Amendment , giving women the right to vote . Even after it became federal law on August 26 , 1920 , Georgia women were prevented from voting until 1922 . The state legislature did not officially ratify the amendment until 1970 .
In 1957 , Martin Luther King , Jr. and other civil rights advocates formed the Southern Christian Leadership Conference ( SCLC ) in Atlanta . Dedicating themselves to the nonviolent attainment of equal rights for African Americans , the group was a significant contributor to the civil rights movement and continues to be active on social justice issues .
Georgia is the country 's number-one producer of peanuts , pecans and peaches , and vidalia onions , known as the sweetest onions in the world , can only been grown in the fields around Vidalia and Glennville . Another sweet treat from the Peach State is Coca-Cola , which was invented in Atlanta in 1886 .
PHOTO GALLERIES
Georgia 7 Gallery 7 Images
President Obama in an interview late Monday stressed the importance of daily intelligence briefings after President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE pushed back against criticism that they receive the briefings only once a week .
`` It does n't matter how smart you are , '' Obama said on `` The Daily Show '' with Trevor Noah . `` You have to have the best information possible to make the best decisions possible . ''
Obama acknowledged the country 's intelligence agencies are `` not perfect . ''
ADVERTISEMENT
`` But they are full of extraordinarily hardworking , patriotic and knowledgeable experts , '' they said .
`` And if you 're not getting their perspective , their detailed perspective , then you are flying blind . ''
A report published last week said the president-elect averages only one presidential intelligence briefing a week — a number far lower than their predecessors .
In an interview that on `` Fox News Sunday , '' Trump pushed back against criticism , saying , `` I get it when I need it . ''
`` First of all , these are very good people that are giving me the briefings . And I say , 'If something should change from this point , immediately call me . I 'm available on one minute 's notice . ' ''
During the interview , the president-elect also suggested it is n't necessary for them to receive the briefings daily .
`` I 'm , like , a smart person , '' Trump said .
`` I do n't have to be told the same thing in the same words every single day for the next eight years — could be eight years — but eight years . I do n't need that . ''
North Carolina Republican Greg Brannon , who is running against Democrat US Sen. Kay Hagan , claimed that food stamps were a form of slavery in an unearthed interview from October 2013 with the North Carolina Tea Party .
If elected , Brannon promised to abolish the $ 76 billion Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) , also known as food stamps , reports Mother Jones ( video below ) .
Brannon also suggested that people on food stamps were not working , but most food stamp recipients have jobs , are children or are elderly , noted MediaMatters.org .
“ We 're taking our plunder , that 's taken from us as individuals , [ giving ] it to the government , and the government is now keeping itself in power by giving these goodies away , ” said Brannon . “ The answer is the Department of Agriculture should go away at the federal level . And now 80 percent of the farm bill was food stamps . That enslaves people . ”
Brannon did say specifically how people who use food stamps are physically enslaved .
“ What you want to do , it 's crazy but it 's true , teach people to fish instead of giving them fish , ” added Brannon . “ When you 're at the behest of somebody else , you are actually a slavery to them [ sic ] . You do n't need to have the government come in . That kind of charity does not make people freer . ”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
According to the Huffington Post , Brannon also opposes public education and has claimed that “ all ten of Marx 's planks of communism are law in our land today . ”
A December 2013 poll from Public Policy Polling showed that Brannon leading Sen. Hagan by 45-43 .
Sources : Huffington Post , Mother Jones , Public Policy Polling , MediaMatters.org
undefined
( Reuters ) - Michigan 's Attorney General Bill Schuette , a Republican , said on Saturday they would defend retirees who risk losing public pensions because of Detroit 's bankruptcy , putting them at odds with the city 's emergency manager appointed by fellow Republican Governor Rick Snyder .
Schuette , an elected official , said the Michigan state constitution is “ crystal clear ” in stating that pension plans are a contractual obligation that may not be diminished or impaired .
“ Retirees may face a potential financial crisis not of their own making , possibly a result of pension fund mismanagement , ” Schuette said in a statement .
The attorney general said they would file in federal bankruptcy court on Monday on behalf of the pensioners affected by the biggest municipal bankruptcy filing in U.S. history .
A U.S. bankruptcy court judge on Wednesday dealt a blow to Detroit 's public employee unions and pension funds opposed to the filing by suspending legal challenges in Michigan state courts while they review the city 's petition for protection from creditors .
The city 's unions and pension funds had hoped to keep the fight in state court , where they felt Michigan 's constitutional protections of retiree benefits would prevail against any efforts by state-appointed Detroit Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr to scale them back .
Judge Steven Rhodes ordered three lawsuits filed by city workers , retirees and pension funds halted and said that applied also to suits against Orr as well as Michigan 's governor and treasurer .
In a June 14 proposal to creditors , Orr called for “ significant cuts in accrued , vested pension amounts for both active and currently retired persons . ”
A spokesperson for Orr said on Saturday the bankruptcy court would have the final say on the pension issue .
“ The emergency manager plans to establish the city 's eligibility to file for Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection and then move as swiftly as possible to propose a plan of adjustment that will help create a strong and viable Detroit and will enable the city to provide essential public services to its 700,000 residents , ” Orr spokesperson Bill Nowling said in an emailed statement .
Detroit , a former manufacturing powerhouse and cradle of the U.S. automotive industry , filed for bankruptcy protection on July 18 .
The city has struggled for decades with companies moving or closing , rampant crime , shrinking population and political corruption . The city 's revenue failed to keep pace with spending , leading to years of budget deficits and a dependence on borrowing to stay afloat .
Detroit has more than $ 18 billion of debt and unfunded liabilities . That includes $ 5.7 billion in liabilities for healthcare and other retiree benefits and a $ 3.5 billion pension liability .
The word 'Bankruptcy ' is seen painted on the side of a vacant building by street artists as a statement on the financial affairs of the city on Grand River Avenue in Detroit , Michigan July 26 , 2013 . REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
Schuette said they would continue to represent governor Snyder and state agencies in legal proceedings related to the bankruptcy , even though they are taking a different view on the pension issue .
In an emailed statement , Snyder 's press secretary Sara Wurfel said the governor 's office expects that Schuette will “ vigorously defend ” its efforts as well .
“ Our response is that this is an important issue , and we appreciate and support efforts to get clarity and help determine the best path moving forward that respects and is fair to pensioners and all parties , ” Wurfel said .
Rapper 50 Cent has been charged with attacking their ex-girlfriend and trashing their home in Los Angeles .
The 37-year-old musician and actor , whose real name is Curtis Jackson , was charged with domestic violence and four counts of vandalism in papers filed on Monday .
A representative for Jackson has yet to respond with a comment .
If convicted they could spend up to five years in jail and face $ 46,000 ( £30,000 ) in fines .
Police say they were called to an home in Los Angeles on 23 June , where they found a woman and baby . Curtis Jackson had already left by the time they arrived .
The woman told police the rapper began destroying their property during an argument before locking themselves in the bedroom .
They said Jackson kicked open the bedroom door and kicked them
Police estimate there was about $ 7,100 ( £4,700 ) in damage to the woman 's home .
They said the rooms were ransacked and that they found clothes strewn about and items including chandeliers , furniture and a television broken .
The woman told police they had been in a relationship with Curtis Jackson for three years .
Many of 50 Cent 's songs talk about their experiences of drug dealing and violence .
They are also famous for having survived nine gunshots in an attempted killing .
In addition to their music career , 50 Cent has appeared in films including the autobiographical Get Rich or Die Tryin ' .
They also have a role in Escape Plan alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger , Sylvester Stallone and Vinnie Jones , which is out later this year .
Jackson is due in court on 22 July .
Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter
Steve
Offline
Activity : 868
Merit : 1000
Hero MemberActivity : 868Merit : 1000 [ ANN ] Bit-Pay introduces OpenCart payment extension September 01 , 2011 , 09:02:35 AM # 1
1 . Create an invoice based on an order total in USD or BTC
2 . Create a unique payment address for each sale
3 . Auto-forward the bitcoins to the merchants wallet , or sell them and transfer USD by ACH
4 . Track your sales summary and trends
Opencart is a powerful open-source shopping cart platform for online merchants . Many merchants in the bitcoin community use OpenCart , and many of them have been unable to process payments for several weeks now .
We moved the OpenCart module to the top of our list , ahead of other planned developments , so that we can meet the immediate needs of the bitcoin community !
If you are using OpenCart and you would like to accept bitcoins , apply for a merchant account with Bit-pay to get started .
https : //bit-pay.com
The opencart extension can be directly downloaded here :
https : //bit-pay.com/downloads/bitpayOpenCartExtension-0.1.zip
It is also available via the opencart extension marketplace :
http : //www.opencart.com/index.php ? route=extension/extension/info & extension_id=3119 & filter_search=bitcoin & sort=e.date_modified & order=DESC
Bit-pay has developed an easy-to-use plugin payment module for opencart . The bit-pay module can:1 . Create an invoice based on an order total in USD or BTC2 . Create a unique payment address for each sale3 . Auto-forward the bitcoins to the merchants wallet , or sell them and transfer USD by ACH4 . Track your sales summary and trendsOpencart is a powerful open-source shopping cart platform for online merchants . Many merchants in the bitcoin community use OpenCart , and many of them have been unable to process payments for several weeks now.We moved the OpenCart module to the top of our list , ahead of other planned developments , so that we can meet the immediate needs of the bitcoin community ! If you are using OpenCart and you would like to accept bitcoins , apply for a merchant account with Bit-pay to get started.The opencart extension can be directly downloaded here : It is also available via the opencart extension marketplace : ( gasteve on IRC ) Does your website accept cash ? https : //bitpay.com
Steve
Offline
Activity : 868
Merit : 1000
Hero MemberActivity : 868Merit : 1000 Re : [ ANN ] Bit-Pay introduces OpenCart payment extension September 01 , 2011 , 01:35:02 PM # 4 Quote from : Piper67 on September 01 , 2011 , 12:06:57 PM You guys are awesome . Not a week goes by without you coming up with yet another solution . Nicely done !
Thanks , we certainly appreciate the compliment .
By the way , we are in need of a skilled PHP/JavaScript developer with some knowledge of various shopping carts . I am looking for someone that might want to take on a few integration projects ( i.e . creating plugins for other shopping cart software and helping merchants integrate their store fronts ) . It 's something that someone could do in their spare time . I 'm hoping to find an individual that is reliable and that I could confidently refer merchants to and that would become an expert in the bit-pay platform . Over time if the relationship works well and as we grow , this could lead to a formal role overseeing our professional services . Thanks , we certainly appreciate the compliment.By the way , we are in need of a skilled PHP/JavaScript developer with some knowledge of various shopping carts . I am looking for someone that might want to take on a few integration projects ( i.e . creating plugins for other shopping cart software and helping merchants integrate their store fronts ) . It 's something that someone could do in their spare time . I 'm hoping to find an individual that is reliable and that I could confidently refer merchants to and that would become an expert in the bit-pay platform . Over time if the relationship works well and as we grow , this could lead to a formal role overseeing our professional services . ( gasteve on IRC ) Does your website accept cash ? https : //bitpay.com
wumpus
Offline
Activity : 812
Merit : 1000
No Maps for These Territories
Hero MemberActivity : 812Merit : 1000No Maps for These Territories Re : [ ANN ] Bit-Pay introduces OpenCart payment extension September 01 , 2011 , 01:36:36 PM # 5 This almost gets lost between all the crap and the trolling , but this is great !
Easy integration into shopping cards is what Bitcoin needs for wider adoption ...
Warning : For most , coin loss is a larger risk than coin theft . A disk can die any time . Regularly back up your wallet through File → Backup Wallet to an external storage or the ( encrypted ! ) cloud . Use a separate offline wallet for storing larger amounts . Bitcoin Core developer [ PGP ] For most , coin loss is a larger risk than coin theft . A disk can die any time . Regularly back up your wallet throughto an external storage or the ( encrypted ! ) cloud . Use a separate offline wallet for storing larger amounts .
HELSINKI/PARIS ( Reuters ) - Nokia is to buy Alcatel-Lucent in an all-share deal that values its smaller French rival at 15.6 billion euros ( 11 billion pounds ) , building up its telecom equipment business to compete with market leader Ericsson .
The deal will redefine a sector suffering weak growth prospects and pressure from low-cost Chinese players Huawei [ HWT.UL ] and ZTE .
With about 114,000 employees and sales of around 26 billion euros , the combined company will rank a strong second in mobile equipment , with global market share of 35 percent , behind Ericsson at 40 percent and ahead of Huawei 's 20 percent , according to Bernstein Research .
The new Nokia will have stronger exposure to the important North American market , with major AT & T and Verizon contracts .
It will also fill gaps in its product portfolio with Alcatel-Lucent 's technology in optical transmission and Internet routers , which help telecom operators handle the ever-increasing volume of data brought on by users surfing the web on their smartphones and watching Netflix at home .
While Huawei does have a complete product line across both fixed and mobile , Ericsson does not and may have to react with deal-making or partnerships , executives said .
Nokia will give Alcatel-Lucent shareholders 0.55 shares in the combined company for each of their old shares , putting 33.5 percent of the entity in Alcatel shareholders ' hands if the tender offer is fully taken up .
The deal will be finalised in the first half of 2016 and is expected to result in 900 million euros of operating cost savings by the end of 2019 , the companies said on Wednesday .
Nokia shares fell 1.5 percent , adding to Tuesday 's 3.6 percent fall , while Alcatel-Lucent fell 15.5 percent , giving up most of the gains it made on Tuesday when the talks were first acknowledged by the companies .
Nokia initially approached Alcatel-Lucent about buying only the wireless business but was rebuffed , leading to the broader deal , Alcatel boss Michel Combes told Reuters in an interview .
The deal carries significant risks , however . The track record of mergers in the sector - including the two that gave birth to Nokia and Alcatel-Lucent a decade ago - has been poor . Prior deals were plagued by the difficulty of cutting costs in an R & D intensive business , rivals stealing contracts while the companies were distracted by their integrations , and struggles over power within the married firms .
Nokia CEO Rajeev Suri sought to reassure .
“ This is not a joint venture , so there will be no governance issues , ” they said on a call with investors . “ We will take a no politics , no nonsense approach to running the business , and have learned from past mistakes . ”
FRENCH JOBS PLEDGE
Nokia pledged to keep France as “ a vibrant centre of the combined company ” and not to cut jobs beyond what Alcatel had already planned , especially protecting research and development sites at Villarceaux and Lannion .
Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron said in a statement late on Wednesday that the overall jobs pledge would hold for two years after the deal closes . They and Alcatel 's Combes also announced an extra 500 research jobs in France , adding to the existing 2,000 .
From L : Nokia 's chairperson Risto Siilasmaa , Nokia 's President and Chief Executive Rajeev Suri , Telecom equipment maker Alcatel-Lucent 's Chief Executive Officer Michel Combes and Alcatel-Lucent 's chairperson of the supervisory board Philippe Camus pose before a news conference in Paris April 15 , 2015 . REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Alcatel has 6,000 employees in France .
France made maintaining jobs a condition for its backing the deal , raising concerns over job cuts in Finland where Nokia employs about 6,900 .
“ At first the deal sounded like very good news . But given that there will likely be job cuts , and the fact that it is much more expensive to lay off people in France than in Finland , the outlook is not that bright anymore , ” the head of the Finnish engineers ' union , Pertti Porokari , said .
“ I truly hope that Finnish politicians would also show some patriotism here . ”
The Finnish government did not demand that jobs be protected but underlined the Nordic country 's know-how in technology .
Nokia sold its once-dominant mobile handset business to Microsoft last year after struggling to compete with smartphones by Apple and Samsung . That deal left it with the network unit , a smaller map unit and a portfolio of technology patents .
Nokia said its growth profile would be improved by the deal and predicted a sales growth rate of about 3.5 percent for 2014 to 2019 . Nevertheless some investors remained concerned .
“ The integration will be a difficult task , it will easily take a year or two , and the management group must focus on it heavily . For an investor seeking returns this year , it is clear that Nokia looks less interesting after this move , ” said Juha Varis , a fund manager at Danske Capital whose fund owned 0.06 percent of Nokia shares as of end-March .
They also said that leaving France out of the cost-cutting programme must have a negative impact on the corporate culture .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
Other analysts , however , said that Nokia and CEO Suri had a good record on restructuring .
“ There is no reason to doubt that this deal too would n't increase shareholder value ... We know that there are risks related to France and the cost cuts , but I believe that Nokia has calculated a margin of safety to the deal price , ” Nordnet brokerage strategist , Jukka Oksaharju , said .
Separately , Nokia confirmed it was exploring the sale of its HERE mapping unit , which some analysts value at up to 6.9 billion euros . It also said further asset sales could be undertaken once the deal was completed .
JPMorgan advised Nokia on the takeover , and boutique investment bank Zaoui & Co. advised Alcatel-Lucent .
We 've seen quadrocopters galore over the past few years . We 've never seen one big enough to lift a person until now .
[ Thomas ] , [ Stephan ] , and [ Alexander ] of e-volo have been working on a gigantic , human-lifting multicopter for a few years now . A few days ago , their prototype took to the air carrying a fully human pilot . There are n't a whole lot of details on their build , but from what we can tell the flight was powered entirely by batteries .
The test vehicle looks to be a study in minimalism . The landing gear looks to be a repurposed yoga ball , and the chassis is just four pieces of aluminum tube welded into a cross . The the power plant for the prototype is four brushless motors in each quadrant of the vehicle . That 's right – there are 16 motors spinning around the pilot .
This is n't the first time we 've seen a build based on Doctor Robotniks designs . Earlier this year , some guy in China built a very nice deathtrap an octocopter . The e-volo team definitely has the leg up in safety considerations – they have actual design and engineering studies
The good news is the e-volo team wants to improve their prototype and sell it to the masses . The bad news for Americans is the FAA has n't taken too kindly to electric flying machines . The team is working on a hybrid drive version , and as long as the weight is kept down , we can always get an ultralight cert .
Check out the video of some 16-blade hovering action after the break .
What a difference six months — and a health-care overhaul proposal — can make ! Just six months ago , the U.S Preventive Services Task Force , which works within the Department of Health and Human Services as a “ best practice ” panel on prevention , sounded a warning signal over a slight decline in annual mammograms among women in their 40s . In fact , they warned women of this age bracket that they could be risking their lives if they did n't get the annual preventive exam ( via HA reader Devil 's Advocate ) :
The downward trend , however slight , has breast cancer experts worried . Mammograms can enable physicians to diagnose the disease at early stages , often before a lump can be felt . “ When breast cancer is detected early , it often can be treated before it has a chance to spread in the body and increase the risk of dying from the disease , ” says Katherine Alley , medical director of the breast health program at Suburban Hospital in Bethesda . The U.S Preventive Services Task Force , an independent panel of experts working under the Department of Health and Human Services , recommends that women older than 40 get a mammogram every one to two years . The task force finds the test most helpful for women between ages 50 and 69 , for whom it says the evidence is strongest that screening lowers death rates from breast cancer . Other groups , including the American Medical Association , suggest a more rigorous schedule , saying the test should be done every year ; insurers often pay for annual tests . But experts say they are seeing gaps beyond two years in many cases . Carol Lee , chair of the American College of Radiology 's Breast Imaging Commission and a radiologist at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York , says many women understand that they need to have a mammogram but do n't go back for repeat tests after the first one . In Bethesda , Alley said they have even heard anecdotal reports of breast cancer survivors forgoing recommended mammograms .
But today , that same panel says … never mind :
“ We 're not saying women should n't get screened . Screening does save lives , ” said Diana B. Petitti , vice chairperson of the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , which released the recommendations Monday in a paper being published in Tuesday 's Annals of Internal Medicine . “ But we are recommending against routine screening . There are important and serious negatives or harms that need to be considered carefully. ” Several patient advocacy groups and many breast cancer experts welcomed the new guidelines , saying they represent a growing recognition that more testing , exams and treatment are not always beneficial and , in fact , can harm patients . Mammograms produce false-positive results in about 10 percent of cases , causing anxiety and often prompting women to undergo unnecessary follow-up tests , sometimes-disfiguring biopsies and unneeded treatment , including surgery , radiation and chemotherapy . But the American Cancer Society , the American College of Radiology and other experts condemned the change , saying the benefits of routine mammography have been clearly demonstrated and play a key role in reducing the number of mastectomies and the death toll from one of the most common cancers . “ Tens of thousands of lives are being saved by mammography screening , and these idiots want to do away with it , ” said Daniel B. Kopans , a radiology professor at Harvard Medical School . “ It 's crazy — unethical , really . ”
What changed in six months to change the USPSTF from a sky-is-falling hysteric on a 1 % decline in testing to Emily Litella ? If the administration gets its way , the government will be paying for a lot more of these exams when ObamaCare passes . That will put a serious strain on resources , especially since many of the providers will look to avoid dealing with government-managed care and its poor compensation rates .
The motivation for HHS will be to cut costs , not to save lives . The sudden reversal in six months of the USPSTF , especially after it made such a stink over a relatively minor decline in screening , certainly makes it appear that they have other priorities than life-saving in mind here .
One final thought . Barack Obama predicated their ObamaCare vision on the notion that increased prevention would save costs . Suddenly , their administration is for decreased screening and prevention . Could that have anything to do with the CBO scoring on screening ? And what does that say about how government will make decisions once they control the compensation and care in the US ?
Update : Courtesy of an anonymous reader , here are the members of the US Preventive Services Task Force . See if you can figure out the one thing they all have in common :
What do they have in common ? There is n't a single oncologist among them , at least not as a listed specialty by the USPSTF published roster .
This guest post was a winning entry in our “ For the Love of Mom ” contest . I feel as though Andrew hit the nail on the head with this one and captures what our own family thinks is so important too – saying YES ! It also happens to be our only winning entry from a man . Way to go , Andrew !
I have no doubt that my wife is superwoman . How they do it all is truly beyond me . She 's raising four kids , they home school , and they are an amazing cook . However , the thing that sets them apart the most from other women is that they say “ yes ” .
You see , I am constantly surrounded by men who when told of the things that our family does together say “ wow , that 's amazing…but my wife would never do that ” . I usually just smile and throw out a short reply because honestly , I ca n't relate . While these friends are out golfing while their wife is out to brunch with the girls , my wife and I are hitting the trail with our posse of kids behind us .
When I suggest that we head out camping for the weekend they say “ yes ” , and then whips together some great food for all of us while we 're there . They support and shares my love of the outdoors and values the time we get to spend there as a family .
When our kids want to go skiing , they say “ yes ” because they know that it 's important to support them and to encourage them in their passions ( and hopes just as much as I do that these kids develop a deep love of the outdoors ) .
When it 's time to plan our next vacation , they say “ yes ” to whatever random spot I throw out because they know the value in showing and experiencing the world together . In the last year , we 've visited 13 countries , explored some of the world 's most beautiful mountains and seas , and braved endless deserts . They say yes , because they know we 're setting the stage for the rest of our family 's life together .
When I need some time for myself , they give me a break and says “ yes ” because they know that both of us need our exercise in order to be happy . They get their time and I get mine and we are both better people for working together .
When the kids want to play in the mud ( again ) and all the neighbor kids are spotlessly clean , they say “ yes ” because they know that childhood is short and that dirt is n't a real problem . By allowing our kids the freedom and opportunity to live a rich outdoor centered life , they are giving them one of the greatest gifts of all – the wonder of the world .
When I told them that I was thinking about accepting a job position in one of the most restrictive countries in the world , they said “ yes ” , knowing that it would be one of the hardest things they had ever done . They recognize that just because something is hard does n't mean it is bad and that by doing impossibly hard things , we can become our best ever . Through it , they have become their best , and my best . The best for all of us and the glue that keeps our family together .
Backcountry river , mountains of snow , this gal is up for it , and their ability to say “ yes ” continues to make all the difference in our family each day ! Love you , Jess .
Disclaimer : My wife also says “ no ” a lot too…at least that 's what the kids tell me 🙂
Andrew Averett is a finance professional by day , and an adventure seeker and dreamer the rest of the time . They and their wife travel the world with their four kids in search of amazing experiences that will shape their family 's lives and live each day to the fullest . They and their family currently reside in the Middle East . You can find Andrew ( and their wife ) via their blog , Bring the Kids on Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram .
This post was written exclusively for Tales of a Mountain Mama in response to the For the Love of Mom writing contest .
© 2015 , Tales of a Mountain Mama . All rights reserved . Republication , in part or entirety , requires a link back to this original post and permission from the author .
“ What are you going to # PassTheBall for ? ”
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
That 's the question Julia Roberts asks in a fun PSA supporting the National Women 's Soccer League . Lifetime has teamed up with an all-star celebrity lineup including the mother of three , Ellen DeGeneres , Reese Witherspoon , James Corden , Zendaya and David Beckham for the special campaign .
“ By passing the ball , you will help get the word out about these amazing athletes and the game they love , ” Roberts says in the video .
For the Oscar winner , soccer is close to their heart : their daughter and two sons all play the sport . “ On weekends we usually hit about four games on Saturday and sometimes one on Sunday , ” they shares exclusively with PEOPLE . “ It 's thrilling to see a whole group of kids grows up . ”
RELATED : Tom Holland and Zendaya Want Your Help to STOMP Out Bullying
As for life as a soccer mom , Roberts calls it “ a total commitment. ” “ It has to be a family commitment for sure , ” they add . “ It 's wonderful to be outside watching kids play the game they love — watching them grow from little kids playing on half a field to young men and women playing their hearts out . ”
Asked why it 's especially empowering see girls kick the ball alongside their daughter , Roberts says , “ I remember growing up my brother played soccer in high school and we had a had soccer team , but I did n't know any girls who played soccer back in ye olden days .
“ So it 's great to see everybody have an opportunity to participate in what is in our house our favorite sport . ”
The 2017 NSWL Championship and semifinal matches air on Lifetime beginning October 7 .
At least two formal events have popped up on Facebook that are encouraging Colorado gun owners to engage in civil disobedience and break the recent law that prohibits the sale or transfer of gun magazines capable of holding more than 15 rounds .
The events encourage participants from Colorado and other surrounding states to buy , sell and swap magazines that can hold more than 15 rounds in disobedience of the law .
The first event is scheduled for July 1st and is actually supposed to be on the Colorado Capitol building 's steps in Denver . See the Facebook page here .
The second event is scheduled for July 2nd and encourages people to disobey the law wherever they are in the state and upload images and videos to various social media outlets . See the Facebook page here .
It is unclear if law enforcement will try to make arrests during either event . Most Colorado sheriffs have signed on to a lawsuit to try and overturn the law . Violation of the new law is a misdemeanor .
We 're No . 33 !
That 's the bottom line in a new Gallup poll measuring the extent of freedom in 135 countries . Only 79 % of Americans say they 're satisfied with their freedom to choose what to do with their lives , down from 87 % in 2008 . The top five nations where people feel most satisfied with their freedoms are New Zealand , Australia , Cambodia , Sweden and the United Arab Emirates . At No . 33 , the United States is sandwiched between Bahrain and Cameroon .
Gallup does n't define “ freedom ” in this poll , so citizens of different countries are likely to interpret the word differently . That 's why Cambodians — enjoying peaceful elections as they recover from years of war — rank among the top five . Still , changes over time show whether people in a given nation feel their freedoms are improving or deteriorating .
The United States is one of the few places where freedoms appear to be on the wane . Of the 100 countries where Gallup measured changes in freedom during the past five years , 75 of them registered an improvement , while 21 registered a decline . Four stayed the same . Of the decliners , only five nations report sharper drops than the United States . Two of them — Syria and Afghanistan — are dominated by armed uprisings . Two others — Tajikistan and Thailand — are racked with political turmoil . Luxembourg , the most prosperous of the decliners , has become a target of U.S. and European authorities going after tax evaders with foreign accounts .
A newfound humility
Such unruly company seems to have knocked some of the swagger out of the typical American . In a separate set of polls by Pew Research , the percentage of Americans who believe the United States “ stands above all other countries ” dropped from 38 % in 2011 to 28 % in 2014 . Young Americans are least impressed with their home country , with only 15 % of 18-29-year-olds saying the United States is the world 's No . 1 nation . Among seniors , 40 % feel that way — but still , that 's down from 50 % just three years ago .
That newfound humility corresponds with an economic comedown that is looking permanent for an uncomfortably large portion of Americans . The recession that ended in 2009 ravaged the economic fortunes of many American families , with median household wealth still about 40 % lower than it was before the recession . Jobs have finally started to return , but for many workers , pay is lower than it used to be . People feel they 're falling behind , and the data show they 're not imagining things . That 's a loss of economic freedom , which impacts other choices .
Many Americans seem to question the basic premise that everybody can get ahead in the so-called land of the free . A recent analysis by USA Today found living the American Dream , loosely defined , costs a typical family of four roughly $ 130,000 per year . That 's in a country where the median household income is only about $ 53,000 , or less than half of what 's needed for a middle-class lifestyle .
One can quibble with USA Today 's methodology , which includes nearly $ 5,000 for an annual one-week vacation , $ 3,700 for dining out every year and thousands more for college and retirement funds . Many people live comfortably without such extras . Yet part of the American Dream ( which itself has never been clearly defined ) is the financial stability that comes from knowing you 've got enough money to continually improve your living standards and handle any surprises that may pop up .
Such tangible declines in middle-class living standards represent the most important economic trend in a generation . The recovery that followed the recession and began in 2009 has been the weakest since the 1930s . A gridlocked Washington may deserve some of the blame , yet digital technology and globalization have allowed companies to locate work wherever it 's cheapest and replace employees with computers , robots and other gizmos . Americans are rightly fed up with their government but there may not be all that much Washington can do to reinvigorate an economy that still has too much debt clogging its veins .
A fresh dose of humility , ironically , may help get America back on track . Americans love to chant “ We 're No . 1 ! ” but , when asked their own opinions , they clearly believe we 're not anymore . As people complain about tough times , though , they 're also recalibrating their priorities and plotting comeback strategies . Developing an underdog mentality is a good start .
Rick Newman 's latest book is Rebounders : How Winners Pivot From Setback To Success . Follow them on Twitter : @ rickjnewman .
Americans who want to celebrate their First Amendment rights and thumb their noses at political correctness have a few upcoming opportunities to don an Obama mask while fleeing from bulls .
One company offering Pamplona-style `` Running of the Bulls '' events in the U.S. says the masks , which prompted nationwide condemnation for one Missouri rodeo clow , are allowed at its events .
`` We have no problem with that , '' Phil Immordino , an organizer for Running With the Bulls USA , told U.S. News .
Immordino helped coordinate a 1998 event in Mesquite , Nev. , that featured runners wearing masks of former presidents Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan , George H.W . Bush and Bill Clinton , the Associated Press reported .
The man behind this Obama mask lost their career after an Aug.10 , 2013 , performance at the Missouri State Fair . ( Jameson Hsieh/AP )
`` I would n't say political masks are common , '' Immordino told U.S. News . `` What is common are costumes . ''
Running With the Bulls USA is currently promoting an Oct. 25-27 event in Phoenix , Ariz. , and an April 11-13 run in Las Vegas .
Another organization , The Great Bull Run , which Immordino calls `` the new kids on the block , '' does n't allow masks or anything else that may block runners ' vision , its spokesperson , Rob Dickens , told U.S. News .
The Great Bull Run has events three 2013 events scheduled . Its Aug. 24 debut in Richmond , Va. , has 5,000 registrants so far . Other bull runs are scheduled Oct. 19 in Atlanta , Ga. , and Dec. 7 in Houston , Texas . Seven events are scheduled for 2014 .
Although bull-running is a relatively new phenomenon in the U.S. , political impersonations are somewhat of a tradition at bull-bucking rodeos , according to news reports .
At southern New Jersey 's Cowtown Rodeo , the Philadelphia Inquirer reported in 1994 , a dummy meant to look like President George H.W . Bush dummy was gored – `` sending the rubber mask flying halfway across the sand '' – in front of a cheering crowd .
A Saturday performance featuring an Obama mask at the Missouri State Fair , however , angered and embarrassed Perry and Lily Beam , locals who brought a Taiwanese student along with them . Perry Beam wrote a Facebook post describing the performance , which was reposted to the blog Show Me Progress . The story exploded into the national newscycle during a slow August .
Videos of the performance went viral . `` We 're gon na smoke Obama , man , '' the announcer says before a bull is unleashed on a masked rodeo clown . `` Obama , they 're coming for you this time . ... Soon as this bull comes out , Obama , do n't you move he 's gon na getcha , getcha , getcha , getcha , you big goober . '' The clown whirled around and was not `` smoked '' by the bull .
Amid feverish news coverage , Republican and Democratic officials in Missouri condemned the performance and on Monday the Missouri State Fair Commission apologized for `` the unconscionable stunt '' and banned the rodeo clown wearing the mask , who was not named , for life .
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest weighed in to the rodeo skit Wednesday , saying `` [ i ] t was certainly not one of the finer moments in our state , '' CBS News reported . The state NAACP chapter 's president , Mary Ratliff , issued a statement calling on the U.S. Secret Service to investigate the performance for `` targeting and inciting violence against our President , '' KOZL-TV reported .
More News :
( Note : This experiment was inspired by a Reddit user who posted a graph showing their heart rate while watching the movie Interstellar ) .
I went to see Interstellar ( in IMAX , for full sensory effect ! ) and captured some biometric data to see how I reacted during the course of this nearly 3-hour movie . I wore a Polar heart rate monitor paired with the SweetBeat HRV app on my iPhone , along with my wrist-worn Basis B1 . I exported the raw data from SweetBeat using their built-in export tool , and my Basis data using my Basis data export script .
Whereas the original experimenter only tracked heart rate , I wanted to analyze :
Heart Rate
Heart Rate Variability ( HRV )
Galvanic Skin Response ( GSR )
Heart Rate
Interestingly , my heart rate trend ( on the left , below ) looks very similar to the original Reddit user ( on the right ) ! Both of us are using data from our wrist-worn Basis devices – in my case , the older B1 model , and for the Reddit user the newer Basis Peak . Although the Peak is capable of capturing more samples , the data returned from Basis is always an average value for each minute .
However , SweetBeatLife is recording data at a resolution of 1 sample per second via the Polar H7 . The per-second pulse data is a little bit jumpy and hard to follow ( in gray ) , so I 'll also include a 60-second moving average as well ( in blue ) :
It looks very similar to the data recorded by my Basis . Good !
Heart Rate Variability ( HRV )
Heart Rate Variability uses a technique in which the spaces between heart beats are measured , and is a good way to measure stress via an individual 's “ flight or fight ” response ( the higher one 's HRV , the better ) . There are a number of ways HRV can be calculated , and in this case we are using what 's known as rMSSD ( root mean square of successive differences ) . You can check out Wikipedia for a pretty good overview of HRV .
Galvanic Skin Response ( GSR )
Galvanic skin response ( also known as skin conductance ) can be used as an indication of psychological or physiological arousal :
My GSR started out rather elevated , which I guess was due to a combination of anticipation for the movie to begin as well as my eyes getting adjusted to the huge IMAX screen ( and my body adjusting to the temperature in the theater ) . I was clearly into whatever was happening on-screen between 1:50 and 2:20 !
Putting It All Together…
Now , if we look at all of the visualizations together , we can easily spot key moments in the movie ( no spoiler alerts here , but if you 've seen the movie you should be able to figure out what was happening in each area ! ) , or when I might be internalizing some deep analysis of gravity and multidimensional spacetime , or simply bored ( the movie takes some time to really get going ! ) . We can also see when my stress response kicks in or relaxes ( phew ! ) .
Looking back at the data , you 'll see there is often an inverse relationship between heart rate and HRV , which makes sense – if your heart starts beating faster , you are most likely encountering more stress , which increases your sympathetic response and thus lowers HRV . Galvanic skin response typically is reflective of one 's sympathetic autonomic nervous system response ( will increase as HRV decreases ) .
I think a great experiment idea would be for a bunch of self-quantifiers to all go see the same movie so we can all share and compare our data !
The plan cooked up by Dell , EMC and VMware to combine cloud assets from VMware with those of EMC 's Virtustream unit , now may be on the rocks , according to two reports .
EMC ( EMC ) , which already owns about 80 % of VMware ( VMW ) , will retain a majority stake in Virtustream but not combine that cloud business into a joint venture with VMware , according reports from Re/Code and Reuters .
That corporate rejiggering was part of EMC 's deal to merge with Dell , in a $ 67 billion merger plan announced on October 12 .
The issue was that under the original terms , VMware would assume much of the cost of Virtustream 's growing-but-expensive enterprise cloud business and that would hurt the price of VMware 's tracking stock set up as part of the EMC-deal . Now , EMC would assume those costs .
But since VMware share price had dropped 33 % since Dell and EMC made the plans public , something was off . On Tuesday , after this news surfaced , VMware shares rose nearly 4 % closing at $ 60.35 .
EMC bought Virtustream for $ 1.2 billion in May .
Fortune reached out to EMC , Dell , and VMware for comment and will update this story as needed .
For more from Barb , follow them on Twitter @ gigabarb . Read their Fortune coverage at fortune.com/barb-darrow or subscribe via RSS feed .
Oh ! And make sure to subscribe to Data Sheet , Fortune'sdaily newsletter on the business of technology .
Nov 27 , 2014 ; Arlington , TX , USA ; Philadelphia Eagles running back LeSean McCoy ( 25 ) after the game against the Dallas Cowboys at AT & T Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Matthew Emmons-USA TODAY Sports
Oh , LeSean . You spent your Philadelphia Eagles ' career ducking and dodging and juking and evading head-on collisions only to come out clean on the other side .
Your post-Eagles ' career ? A massive wreck from which no one can look away .
You were traded for obvious reasons .
It made sense to us when it happened . Heck , we even talked about how it might happen before it did…
“ Would Chip really part ways with LeSean McCoy ? Yes . I do not mean to compare LeSean McCoy to DeSean Jackson ( they are remarkably different men ) but Kelly has already shown willingness to say goodbye to a supreme talent if they believe it will help the team long-term . And with McCoy 's $ 11.95M 2015 salary cap number it 's easy to see how their departure could help the team in other areas. ” – Me . From before you were dealt .
And , since ? Well… since : You 've just made it clearer and clearer that it not only made sense to let you go ; It was the only possible outcome .
It all made so much sense to us . You were too expensive . Your 2014 , frankly , was n't very good . You 're a loose cannon playing for a coach that likes their cannons… decommissioned .
But that eluded you .
You could n't imagine how anyone could want to take the field without Shady McCoy on their side . It was beyond your grasp that any coach could prefer to field an offense without you . It boggled your mind that a team might want a young player and about $ 11 million in their pockets more than they wanted you… a superstar .
Unable to see the rationale behind the Eagles ' move , what did you do ?
You grasped at straws .
Chip does n't like stars . That 's what you told The Inquirer .
But no one really seemed to buy it .
That story faded and you found yourself still a Buffalo Bill : A big name in a tiny market destined to play out your serviceable years on an offense that is n't likely to move quite like the one you got kicked off of in Philly .
And you were angry . So you lashed out again .
And this time it was n't just stars Chip did n't like . It was the black ones .
Let 's evaluate that claim together , LeSean , shall we ?
Chip cut DeSean Jackson last year , yes . Jackson was an even poorer fit than you were .
And they traded you away . We 've covered that .
But what else ?
Jeremy Maclin ? You mean the receiver that Chip Kelly tried to sign to a long term deal in 2013 . Or the one that Kelly made the focal point of their passing game in 2014 ? Or the one that Kelly and the Eagles tried to lock up , again , after the 2014 season going as far as offering them a reported $ 9 million a season to stay with the team ?
The Chiefs offered Maclin $ 11 million a year . That might make Andy Reid a little irresponsible . But it certainly does n't make Chip Kelly racist .
How about the fact that the Eagles cut ties with Todd Herremans ? An Eagle long before you arrived . You 're aware , I 'm sure , that Herremans is white . The Eagles showed them the door .
They brought in Brad Jones to kick off free agency . They tendered Cedric Thornton to make sure he 'd stay . They signed Brandon Graham long-term to start at outside linebacker . They brought in Byron Maxwell . Walter Thurmond . Your replacement , DeMarco Murray . All black .
They traded away a cheap , young starting quarterback in Nick Foles ( white : ) Something much harder to explain than trading away an expensive running back who 's nearing 27 .
Kelly led the draft this year . Five black players out of six choices .
Are you prepared , Shady , to defend yourself ? Because the evidence seems damning to your claim . As does the fact that you told the world that you thought you 'd be back in Philly . After being traded and seeming upset at the idea of no longer being an Eagle , you told us that you thought you 'd restructure your deal and stay with the Eagles . Why would you ever have considered that , Shady ? If , as you say , Chip Kelly is a racist ?
Is he ?
Herremans does n't think so .
@ James_Fayleez I feel they are equally racist to all races… which I guess would make him… not racist — Mr. Herremans ( @ toddherremans ) May 6 , 2015
Neither does leader-of-the-defense , Malcolm Jenkins . Who happens to be black . And also happened to be Chip Kelly 's primary target in free agency last year .
Jenkins told NJ Advance Media that they did n't find Chip Kelly to be racist at all . They even called you crazy .
It 's getting tougher and tougher to disagree with that assessment the more you open your mouth .
But , in this case , LeSean , it is n't simply that you 're wrong ( You are and that must n't be forgotten . ) The issue here is that what you 've done is dangerous .
Racism exists . It 's alive and well in America today .
Open up a newspaper . Turn on a television . Racism in politics . In big business . In how we police our streets and how we discuss all of these things in our media .
Racism is even a thing in football . When it comes to hiring practices and the perception of minority players and coaches .
The biggest problem might be that racism is so ingrained in us as a people that we often let it go without even noticing that it 's there . Many of us are even complicit in it while never having any idea that we 're perpetuating fundamental inequality among races simply by thinking the thoughts we 've always thunk and doing the things we 've always done .
It 's called institutionalized racism . And it 's one of society 's greatest ills .
There are moments when racism is called to our attention as a people . When we 're forced to look up from our routines and actually notice the inequality around us .
See : Trayvon Martin
See : Baltimore .
And then you come along .
And you claim racism where there is none . You call a man a racist when the world can plainly see he 's not . You use your platform as a superstar to lie .
And , in doing so , you weaken the argument for the next person who falls victim to real discrimination .
“ You sound just like Shady McCoy… ” someone might say , “ …the back who cried racism . ”
The cost of jumping onboard light rail or a bus will be going up for most riders in Santa Clara County , and this promises to be just the first hike in an attempt to stem the financial bleeding at the Valley Transportation Authority as ridership continues its steep decline .
Related Articles transportation
VTA expected to approve transit overhaul The VTA approved raising a one-way ticket from $ 2 to $ 2.25 as of Jan. 1 , and to $ 2.50 by the start of 2019 . However it lowered the cost for youths and held ticket prices for seniors and the disabled at current levels at Thursday 's board meeting .
The agency approved its first fare hike in eight years as it faces a $ 20.5 million operating deficit , which it will cover with cash reserves . It hopes the more costly tickets will bring in more than $ 17 million over the next three years without a significant drop in passengers .
But there are unknowns looming . A major change in bus and trolley service will kick in over the next year . And the opening of the BART extension to San Jose later this year could mean thousands of more riders — and higher costs to move them from the Berryessa station to job sites in Silicon Valley .
“ There are a lot of challenges coming in the next year , ” said VTA board member Glenn Hendricks at Thursday 's meeting , adding that the 12-member board needed to show “ discipline , discipline , discipline ” to keep costs under control and boost sources of revenue .
The last significant change to VTA fares took effect in 2009 , when it increased the base fare from $ 1.75 to $ 2 . But most Bay Area transit agencies have hiked fares , and this summer Caltrain will vote on an increase despite record ridership .
Agencies have seen sales tax income plummet , people opting to drive as gas prices remain stable while others needing a ride are opting for Uber and Lyft .
“ Amid this storm of conflicting and uncertain winds , we retain concerns about the sustainability of the proposed service levels , ” said chair Jeanne Bruins in a VTA report , adding that there could be an “ immediate course correction should these projections prove overly optimistic , to dampen the boom-and-bust cycles of hiring , layoffs , and service cuts of past years . ”
Eugene Bradley , the founder of the Silicon Valley transit riders group , said in a memo that a big part of the current problems “ is due to loss of ridership from prior VTA service cuts and fare hikes , since 2001 .
“ When has any VTA fare hike or service reduction ever increased transit ridership ? ” Bradley asked .
Bus ridership has fallen 10.7 percent over the last year while light rail use slipped 14.5 percent compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year .
Even college students will feel the pinch , seeing their costs for the Eco Pass more than double from $ 9 to $ 20 .
“ It would be very dissatisfying to revoke a resource that thousands on campus utilize , ” said Sandeep Chandok , a San Jose State University student , noting that driving and parking on campus costs — $ 200 a semester — and parking is not guaranteed as garages fill up by 9 a.m .
“ For all the money we pay for tuition , ” Chandok said , “ taking away a consistently used tool that benefits many would be extremely unfair . ”
In California — where Donald Trump made their now famous 2005 comments to Billy Bush on Access Hollywood — anyone who “ touches an intimate part of another person ” is committing a misdemeanor , punishable by up to six months in jail . In New York — where Kristin Anderson recently accused Trump of reaching under their mini-skirt in the early 1990s — lawmakers last year bumped the potential penalty for “ any touching of the sexual or other intimate parts of a person for the purpose of gratifying sexual desire ” to a year behind bars .
The laws surrounding unwanted groping , including how it 's defined and punished , can vary from state to state . In Mississippi , for example , there is no law on the books against groping unless the victim is a child , “ mentally defective , ” or “ incapacitated. ” In February , a bill in the state 's legislature to criminalize “ indecent assault ” — punishable by up to six months in jail for touching “ for the purpose of gratifying that person 's lust , or indulging that person 's depraved licentious sexual desires ” — floundered over concerns that it did not address the perpetrator 's intent .
Advocates in some states , however , are gearing up to push lawmakers to bolster punishment for alleged gropers . This spring , the Texas Association Against Sexual Assault will push the state 's legislature to consider a new law allowing courts to classify “ forced sexual touching ” as a “ Class A misdemeanor , ” bumping up the potential penalty to a year in jail and a $ 4,000 fine . Currently , it 's “ Class C , ” with a fine of “ no more than $ 500 , ” and no jail time . The Vermont Network Against Domestic and Sexual Violence also plans to propose a similar misdemeanor in the state 's legislature .
Case in Point An examination of a single case that sheds light on the criminal justice system
It is too soon to tell whether the allegations against Trump will help these groups in their lobbying efforts . Watching news coverage of the current Trump scandal , “ one of the first things that comes to mind is the presumption that what he 's talking about is n't a serious offense , and in Texas it is n't , ” says Chris Kaiser , general counsel for the state 's anti-sexual assault group . “ I think people assume police can do something . They can issue a ticket , but the person often does n't even have to go to court . ”
Kaiser hopes a harsher penalty will be more of a deterrent for a crime widely acknowledged to be under-reported . But amid a nationwide push-and-pull over whether sentences are too long and punitive , their group does n't want to make groping a felony that will put new people on the state 's sex offender registry . “ We recognize this conduct encompasses a broad range , ” they said , “ and not every offender is the same . ”
Support us ! GearJunkie may earn a small commission from affiliate links in this article . Learn more
Pack designer Andy Larson had to break the tradition of naming their made-in-Minneapolis bags after waste management containers . At 8,000+ cubic inches of main compartment space , “ Monster ” is a name that came easily .
This mega backpack is one of the biggest ever commercially built . Larson , a former bike courier who 's been making bags full time for seven years , touts it 's the largest messenger bag on the market .
Since 2008 , when they launched Trash Bags , Larson has strived to bring the lessons they learned as a courier to the construction of high-quality , custom bags .
In recent years , bicycle delivery has transitioned from documents to dinner , and a need has emerged for bags to match . Engineered for food-delivery loads , the Monster bag holds flat , bulky containers that ca n't be smashed .
It 's a backpack for 16 pizzas . Or nine catering trays . Or two small humans .
It 's not a coincidence that this mega-pack is still just narrow enough , at about 23 inches wide , to fit through apartment doors . It sits perfectly on the deck of a Bullitt cargo bike .
Hard , insulated walls keep the waterproof behemoth upright and protect the contents . An adjustable-height shelf provides structure and can separate hot and cold sections or multiple orders .
Additional loads can be managed using the external bungee loops and other attachment points . External pockets and a vertical pouch leave room for courier essentials at easy reach .
A clear vinyl pouch on the back lets the rider fly their company 's flag .
The custom bag pictured in this article is destined for Forward Courier in Milwaukee , Wis. , but it is modeled by Collin from Minneapolis ' Rock-It Delivery .
The Monster is not cheap , at $ 475 , but for delivery services the mega-bag can vastly expand capabilities to tote almost anything you may want to move by a bike .
–Bjorn Christianson writes “ The Low Five , ” a weekly column examining the world of biking through the lens of the Minneapolis cycling scene . All photos ( c ) Bjorn Christianson ; see more on Flickr.com .
Delivering on the European Agenda on Migration from May , the European Commission is today putting forward a comprehensive package of proposals which will help address the refugee crisis .
Delivering on the European Agenda on Migration from May , the European Commission is today putting forward a comprehensive package of proposals which will help address the refugee crisis that EU Member States and neighbouring countries are facing , including by tackling the root causes making people seek refuge in Europe . The new set of measures will alleviate pressure from Member States most affected – notably Greece , Italy and Hungary – by proposing to relocate 120,000 people in clear need of international protection to other EU Member States . This number will be on top of the 40,000 that the Commission proposed in May to relocate from Greece and Italy and for which the decision by the Council is still to be adopted . Today 's measures will also help those Member States faced with a growing number of asylum applications by enabling a swifter processing of asylum applications though a common European list of safe countries of origin . The Commission has today outlined the main actions for making return policy more effective and has proposed a €1.8 billion Trust Fund to help tackle the root causes for migration in Africa . Finally , the Commission and the EU external action service are also addressing the 'external dimension ' of the refugee crisis .
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said : `` We Europeans should know and should never forget why giving refuge and complying with the fundamental right to asylum is so important . It is time we started putting in place the building blocks of a truly European migration policy , as we called for back in May . The measures we are proposing today will ensure that people in clear need of international protection are relocated swiftly after arriving – not just now but also for any crisis in the future . If ever European solidarity needed to manifest itself , it is on the question of the refugee crisis . It is time to show collective courage and deliver this European response now . ”
Today , the European Commission has presented the following concrete measures to respond to the current refugee crisis and to prepare for future challenges :
An emergency relocation proposal for 120,000 refugees from Greece , Hungary and Italy : following the sharp increase in illegal border crossings in the Central and Eastern Mediterranean , but also on the Western Balkans route , over the last few months , urgent action is needed . The Commission proposes to relocate 120,000 people in clear need of international protection from Italy ( 15,600 ) , Greece ( 50,400 ) and Hungary ( 54,000 ) . The relocation would be done according to a mandatory distribution key using objective and quantifiable criteria ( 40 % of the size of the population , 40 % of the GDP , 10 % of the average number of past asylum applications , 10 % of the unemployment rate ) . It applies to nationalities of applicants with an EU-wide average recognition rate of 75 % or higher [ 1 ] . This comes in addition to the Commission 's proposal from May to relocate 40.000 people in clear need of international protection from Italy and Greece to other EU Member States , thus bringing the total proposed number up to 160,000 . The relocation will be accompanied by €780 million EU budget support for participating Member States , including a 50 % pre-financing rate to ensure that governments on national , regional and local level have the means to act very swiftly .
A temporary solidarity clause : If – for justified and objective reasons such as a natural disaster – a Member State can not temporarily participate totally or in part in a relocation decision , it will have to make a financial contribution to the EU budget of an amount of 0.002 % of its GDP . The European Commission will analyse the reasons notified by the country and take a decision on whether or not they justify the non-participation of a country in the scheme for a maximum of up to 12 months . In case of partial participation in the relocation , the amount will be reduced in proportion . A Permanent Relocation Mechanism for all Member States : As announced in the European Agenda on Migration , the Commission is proposing a structured solidarity mechanism which can be triggered any time by the Commission to help any EU-Member State experiencing a crisis situation and extreme pressure on its asylum system as a result of a large and disproportionate inflow of third country nationals . Such future emergency situations would be defined by the Commission based on the number of asylum applications in the last 6 months , per capita as well as the number of irregular border crossings in the last 6 months . The same objective and verifiable distribution criteria will apply as in the emergency relocation proposals . The permanent mechanism will also take into account asylum seekers ' needs , family situation and skills . The temporary solidarity clause will also apply here . A common European list of Safe Countries of Origin : following up on the European Agenda on Migration and the European Council Conclusions of 25-26 June , the European Commission is proposing a Regulation to establish an EU common list of safe countries of origin . Such a European list will allow for swifter processing of individual asylum applications from candidates originating from countries considered to be safe across the EU , and for faster returns if the individual assessments of the applications confirm no right of asylum . Following discussions with and current practices by Member States , the Commission proposes to add Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , Kosovo , Montenegro , Serbia and Turkey to the EU list of safe countries of origin . These countries fulfil the common criteria of the Asylum Procedures Directive 2013/32 for a country to be considered safe ; they are members to major international human rights Treaties ; and the majority have been designated as a candidate country by the European Council , fulfilling the so-called “ Copenhagen criteria “ ( guaranteeing democracy , the rule of law , human rights and respect for and protection of minorities ) . Other countries can be added in future following a thorough assessment by the European Commission . Making return policy more effective : to improve the return policies of Member States , the Commission has issued a common Return Handbook and an EU Action Plan on Return . The Commission has presented an EU Action Plan on Return which defines the immediate and mid-term measures to be taken by Member States to enhance voluntary return , to strengthen the implementation of the Return Directive , to improve information sharing , to strengthen the role and mandate of Frontex in return operations , and to create an integrated system of return management . In parallel , the Commission has adopted a Return Handbook which offers national competent authorities practical instructions when carrying out returns of those migrants who do not have the right to stay in the European Union . It will serve as the main training tool in standards and procedures for experts applying the Return Directive 2008/115 . Communication on Public Procurement rules for Refugee Support Measures : Member States have to satisfy adequately and speedily the most immediate needs of asylum seekers for housing , supplies and services . Today 's Communication provides guidance for national , regional and local authorities on how to ensure compliance with EU law while procuring these services in a simple , speedy and non-bureaucratic manner . Addressing the external dimension of the refugee crisis : The external dimension is a key component in the efforts of solving this crisis . Renewed efforts are being devoted to support diplomatic initiatives and find political solutions to the conflicts in Syria , Iraq , and Libya . The EU is providing assistance to the population in Syria – in particularly to internally displaced person - and financial support to neighbouring countries hosting the highest number of refugees from Syria , such as Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey . So far , €3.9 billion have been mobilised to this end . Fight against organised crime responsible for human smuggling is another priority , notably with the launch of the naval operation EUNAVFOR MED . Some 17 readmission agreements and 7 mobility partnership agreements have also been signed as part of our cooperation with third countries . The EU will also deepen the existing high-level dialogues on migration with key partners – such as the Rabat and Khartoum processes with African countries and the Budapest process with East and Central Asia , as well as the upcoming Conference in early October and Summit in Valetta on 11-12 November . A Trust Fund for Africa : Today , the European Commission has allocated €1.8 billion from the EU 's financial means to set up an 'Emergency Trust Fund for stability and addressing root causes of irregular migration in Africa ' . The aim is to improve stability and address root causes of irregular migration flows in the regions of the Sahel , Lake Chad , the Horn of Africa , and the North of Africa . It will support these regions to develop better socio-economic opportunities and migration management policies . The European Commission is expecting Member States to pitch in too and match our ambition . Spain , for example , has already confirmed its participation .
The flip side to showing solidarity with frontline Member States is also that everyone must show responsibility in applying the common EU rules . To this end , the Commission is also this week stepping up infringement procedures where necessary to enforce the rules and is implementing a 'HotSpot ' approach in frontline Member States to assist them in applying common EU asylum rules ( See MEMO/15/5597 ) .
Next Steps :
The extraordinary Home Affairs Council on migration on 14 September will be the next opportunity for Member States to discuss and adopt the Commission 's legislative proposals . The emergency relocation mechanisms presented by the Commission in May and September need to be adopted by the Council ( by qualified majority voting ) , in consultation with the European Parliament , while the permanent solidarity mechanism and the European list of safe countries of origin have to be adopted jointly by the European Parliament and the Council ( using the ordinary legislative procedure ) . The Trust Fund proposal is submitted to Member States with the objective of completing the necessary procedures in time for the Valletta Summit in November , where the EU will meet with key African countries to discuss migration and the refugee crisis .
Background
The European Commission has been consistently and continuously working for a coordinated European response on the refugees and migration front :
On 23 April 2014 , in Malta , Jean-Claude Juncker presented a five point plan on immigration , calling for more solidarity in the EU 's migration policy as part of their campaign to become European Commission President .
Upon taking office , European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker entrusted a Commissioner with special responsibility for Migration to work , in coordination with First Vice-President Timmermans , on a new policy on migration as one of the 10 priorities of the Political Guidelines , the political programme based on which the European Parliament elected the Commission .
Based on a proposal by the European Commission , in a European Council statement of 23 April 2015 , Member States committed to taking rapid action to save lives and to step up EU action in the field of migration . A European Parliament Resolution followed a few days later .
On 13 May 2015 , the European Commission presented its European Agenda on Migration , setting out a comprehensive approach for improving the management of migration in all its aspects .
On 27 May 2015 , the European Commission already came forward with a first package of implementing measures of the European Agenda on Migration , including relocation and resettlement proposals , and an EU Action plan against migrant smugglers .
On 25-26 June , the European Council agreed to move forward on the proposals made by the European Commission in the European Agenda on Migration , focusing on relocation and resettlement , returns and cooperation with countries of origin and transit .
On 20 July , the Justice and Home Affairs Council agreed to implement the measures as proposed in the European Agenda on Migration , notably to relocate people in clear need of international protection from Italy and Greece over the next two years , starting with 32,256 in a first step , and to resettle 22,504 displaced persons in clear need of international protection from outside the EU .
For More Information
Detailed Questions & Answers on today 's proposals
Factsheets – Relocation and Safe Countries of Origin explained
Full Legislative Texts of today 's proposals
Full press pack European Agenda on Migration
Directorate General for Migration and Home Affairs Website
Annex : Emergency Relocation for Italy , Greece and Hungary
Italy Greece Hungary TOTAL Austria 473 1529 1638 3640 Belgium 593 1917 2054 4564 Bulgaria 208 672 720 1600 Croatia 138 447 479 1064 Cyprus 36 115 123 274 Czech Republic 387 1251 1340 2978 Estonia 48 157 168 373 Finland 312 1007 1079 2398 France 3124 10093 10814 24031 Germany 4088 13206 14149 31443 Latvia 68 221 237 526 Lithuania 101 328 351 780 Luxembourg 57 185 198 440 Malta 17 56 60 133 Netherlands 938 3030 3246 7214 Poland 1207 3901 4179 9287 Portugal 400 1291 1383 3074 Romania 604 1951 2091 4646 Slovakia 195 631 676 1502 Slovenia 82 265 284 631 Spain 1941 6271 6719 14931 Sweden 581 1877 2011 4469 TOTAL 15600 50400 54000 120000
[ 1 ] On the basis of current data , this would thus apply to applicants from Syria , Iraq and Eritrea .
Brad Ausmus is on their way out as manager of the Detroit Tigers - and he 's going to make sure their team has some fun before they leaf .
Ausmus announced to Jason Beck of MLB.com on Wednesday that `` barring something strange , '' utility man Andrew Romine will become only the fifth player in MLB history to play all nine positions in one game in Detroit 's season finale at Minnesota this coming Sunday .
The possibility of Romine playing every position was first brought up by Ausmus earlier this month . The manager said at the time they wanted it to happen against a fellow non-contender rather than versus the Twins , but with Minnesota expected to clinch the second AL wild-card spot as early as Wednesday , it 's likely the finale wo n't mean anything for either side .
Romine , a shortstop by trade , has appeared in 119 games for the Tigers this season , with at least one appearance at every position but catcher - the only position he 's never played during their professional career . He 's made over 20 appearances at second base ( 25 ) , center field ( 22 ) , first base ( 21 ) , and third base ( 21 ) this year , and made their fourth career mound appearance in July when they tossed two-thirds of an inning and did n't allow a run .
Andrew Romine just walked by wearing catcher 's equipment heading to the bullpen . The dream of playing 9 positions in 1 game lives on . — Johnny Kane ( @ JohnnyKaneFSD ) September 27 , 2017
Assuming Ausmus follows through on Sunday , the 31-year-old Romine will join Bert Campaneris ( 1965 ) , Cesar Tovar ( 1968 ) , Scott Sheldon ( 2000 ) , and Shane Halter ( 2000 ) as the only five men to have played every position in the same nine-inning game .
In some incredible twists of coincidence , Romine is now scheduled to play all nine positions exactly 17 years to the day that Halter played every position for the Tigers on Oct. 1 , 2000 , also against the Twins . And the Tigers ' starting catcher for Halter 's multi-positional performance 17 years ago was none other than Ausmus , who went 1-for-4 in that game and ended up playing four positions ( catcher , third , second , first ) themselves as part of the defensive maneuvering that moved Halter around the diamond .
After its first launch attempt was delayed and eventually aborted last Thursday , NASA 's Orion spacecraft finally left Earth on Friday for Exploration Flight Test 1 ( EFT-1 ) before successfully splashing down in the Pacific Ocean . Despite the initial troubles , the capsule — which could eventually take humans to both an asteroid or the surface of Mars — passed this first major test with flying colors . Now the United States Navy , which was in charge of recovering the craft , has released this photo of Orion 's journey back to land . It shows the capsule inside a flooded well deck of the USS Anchorage after it was towed in by four smaller boats on Friday afternoon some 600 miles off the coast of San Diego .
Naval crew during the initial recovery . Photo courtesy of NASA
The spacecraft was recovered by a team of Navy amphibious specialists and a mix of engineers and technicians from NASA 's Ground Systems Development and Operations program . Like the rest of EFT-1 , this stage was a dry run for eventual crewed missions . Unlike the Apollo missions — which Orion has often been compared to — beleaguered astronauts wo n't be pulled onto rescue boats from the capsule at sea . Instead , Orion crew members will wait until they are in the well deck aboard the Anchorage before they are allowed out of the capsule . It 's a process the Navy has been working on since 2013 , one that is meant to take advantage of the breadth of medical facilities , helicopters , radar equipment , and boats that these landing platform-dock ships are equipped with .
Once Orion is back on US soil ( the Anchorage is expected to make landfall with the high tide later this evening ) , it will begin a return journey on the back of a truck to Kennedy Space Center in Florida . There , NASA will begin preparing it for its next ( unmanned ) space-bound test , currently scheduled for 2017 .
Since its release , the buzz around Samsung 's Galaxy Note has been when it would receive its update to Ice Cream Sandwich . Samsung 's dessert kitchen sent another delightful treat our way and we 're passing it on to you . Another yummy leak , courtesy of Samsung and Rootzwiki !
ro.build.fingerprint=samsung/SGH-I717/SGH-I717:4.0.3/IML74K/144 : user/release-keys
Before releasing this link , we 've spent quite a bit of time doing some testing and quality control to make sure you 're going to end up with a satisfactory experience rather than a very attractive paperweight . RootzWiki 's internal build tester has provided us with the following rundown of working features :
Face Unlock is fully functional
LTE connections are solid and up to speed
Phone calls work great both ways
Audio quality is up to par
Stereo Bluetooth is fully functional
MMS is fully functional
GPS is fully functional
Google Talk and Video Chat work
Google Voice is fully functional
Task Manager is smooth and transitions are quick
Downloaded Flash video and in-browser video works flawlessly
Chrome autosync is fully functional
AT & T Hotspot functionality works , external devices connect fine
For those of you who are used to using the Samsung tools in the Gingerbread Galaxy Note , here are a few changes that out tester has noticed :
Samsung Planner is now Calendar
New Calendar widgets include Month , Mini Task , Three Day Task , Mini Today , Agenda , Task , and Mini Agenda
There is a new Samsung Memo widget
There are a few small issues and design decisions that you 'll have to contend with , but they 're by no means showstoppers :
Premium Suite is not included in this build .
in this build . The TouchWiz launcher crashes on first boot , but not on subsequent boots
The TouchWiz launcher crashes upon adding a Google Play account
This build will increase your flash counter
This build will not wipe your external SDCard on install , but the internal SDCard will be formatted while installing this build .
This file is an Odin One-click installation file , so until we 've got the goods separated out you 'll need to use Windows to flash this leak to your phone
Reboot Phone in DOWNLOAD Mode
Connect your phone to a Windows PC via USB
Run the Odin OneClick file
Enjoy your new Ice Cream Sandwich !
Download ( Odin Oneclick , Windows required ! ) : RootzWiki Official Download List
RootzWiki would like to thank our unnamed source for coming thru again with this leak ; Samsung owners everywhere love you !
] ] >
Britain should not be punished for 'escaping the EU prison ' , and France should carve out a new cross-channel relationship after Brexit , according to far-right candidate Marine Le Pen .
The National Front leader is expected to win the first round of Presidential elections in April , picking up 26 per cent of the vote , according to a poll released yesterday .
And they have said that if they are elected President , they will reverse incumbent Francois Hollande 's belief that Britain should 'pay the price ' for Brexit .
Le Pen has called for the euro to be scrapped , tighter controls of borders for EU members , and the right to impose trade barriers .
They also plan a clampdown on migrant workers if they become President , but says a French referendum to leave the European Union should be a last resort if reform efforts fail .
Scroll down for video
France should carve out a new relationship with post-Brexit Britain , French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has said
French President Francois Hollande , who is not standing for re-election , said Britain would have to 'pay the price ' for Brexit
A poll by Itop Fiducial yesterday predicted that Le Pen will win the first round of the election , with rivals Emmanuel Macron winning 19.5 per cent of the vote and Francois Fillon getting 18.5 per cent .
But in the runoff election , Macron is tipped to pick up 62 per cent of the vote against their 38 per cent . Nevertheless , some bookmakers have reduced the odds of a National Front victory to 3/1 .
Fillon had been favourite to win the presidency until allegations emerged three weeks ago that their wife did very little work for the hundreds of thousands of euros in taxpayers ' money that they received as their aide .
Francois Fillon had been favourite to win the presidency until allegations in a newspaper three weeks ago that their wife did very little work for the hundreds of thousands of euros in taxpayers ' money that they received as their aide
Fillon has faced a huge backlash from voters , and is now expected to be eliminated in the first round of votes
Speaking to The Telegraph , Le Pen said their government would carve out a new bilateral relationship with post-Brexit Britain .
The 48-year-old said : 'What is the point in punishing a country ? It is senseless , unless you think the EU is a prison , and you are condemned if you escape .
' I want to rebuild our damaged relations with the United Kingdom .
' A people decide its own destiny . You can not force a country to do something that is against its own interest , or against the democratic process . '
They told the newspaper that Brexit was a 'powerful weapon ' for their campaign .
A poll by Itop Fiducial yesterday predicted that Emmanuel Macron ( right ) would emerge victorious in the presidential race
And Le Pen warned that their desire to leave the euro would send shockwaves across member states .
The candidate said : 'France is the political heart of Europe , and the moment we leave the euro the whole project collapses . '
After Britain 's vote to leave the EU last year , Le Pen had been expected to push for a French exit vote , but this year they have struck a more conciliatory tone , saying they favour reform .
They said after last year 's Brexit vote that Britain had 'broken a taboo ' .
They said in a radio interview with RMC last month : ' I think we need to renegotiate with the EU to bring back sovereignty to France , backed by a referendum . '
A poll has previously found that just 33 per cent of French voters would back Frexit .
Addressing a crowd in Lyon last week , they said : ‘ The European Union has placed us under guardianship , we will have to find a compromise with Europe to regain sovereignty . '
But they said that if no compromise is reached , they will organise a Frexit referendum to 'resign from this nightmare and become free again ' .
Le Pen also wants to leave Nato , and devote two per cent of gross domestic product to building up the French army .
Attacking globalisation , they said their 'made in France ' economic policies would be based on jobs for French workers and a clampdown on foreign firms creating 'unfair competition ' .
REBEL : 'VOTERS ARE DESERTING CONSERVATIVE FILLON ' Fillon with wife Penelope , who allegedly received thousands of euros of taxpayers ' money to do very little work Scandal-hit French conservative candidate Francois Fillon has come under renewed attack from within their own camp , amid warning that voters were deserting the party . Rebel lawmaker Georges Fenech said The Republicans face defeat in the April-May election unless it ditched Fillon . Fenech has been one of the strongest anti-Fillon voices since the former prime minister 's campaign was knocked off track by a scandal over their use of public funds to employ their wife as a parliamentary assistant . With 10 weeks to go until the election , their place as favourite has been taken by centrist Emmanuel Macron , while far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen has also gained ground . ' I 'd love to be wrong , but I ca n't believe any more because I can see on the ground the reaction of the voters . They do n't want to vote for us any more , ' Fenech told Radio Classique . They were speaking a day after leading a failed bid to force a meeting of the party 's executive that could have challenged Fillon 's decision to continue their presidential bid . Fillon returned to the campaign trail with a rally in northern France yesterday . In a speech they made no mention of the family scandal dogging their bid for the Elysee , but scorned the programmes of their rivals .
Le Pen 's plans to scrap the euro has caused anxiety among investors .
If they get their way , experts fear a plunge in European bank securities , a selloff of US stocks and corporate bonds , as well as a dramatic fall in Treasury yields , The Street reports .
France could also default its AA credit rating from Standard & Poor 's if the French franc is reintroduced .
Scoot MacDonald , chief global economist for Smith 's Research and Gradings in White Plains , said : 'People are concerned that what should happen according to script might not happen according to script . '
7 May 2007 | move_on_reakshun
10 | one of the best shows in TV today .
this show is freaking brilliant . based on how Sara 's boyfriend Adam see 's their dog Wilfred , as a person in a dog suit . the writers Jason Gann and Adam Zwar obviously know dogs really well , because they have conveyed a dog 's behavior perfectly into a human actor , and it is brilliant .
ever walked up to a dog tied up outside a shop and gone to say hello or pat it , and it shows it teeth and gives you the look that says 'stay away ' ? in one episode , wilfred is tied up outside a milk bar while adam and sara are inside . he 's playing with something , head down . a man walks up towards the shop and heads to wilfred with their hand out .
wilfred looks up , tilts back and says ' f * ck off ' . spot on .
ADVERTISEMENT
A report from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety claims that raising the driving age to 17 or 18 would “ reduce the carnage on America 's roadways , ” said Matt Helms in the Detroit Free Press , and they have might a point : “ Drivers age 15 to 20 are the deadliest age group on the roads. ” Maybe it is “ time to make kids grow up a bit more before '' we let them get behind the wheel .
“ It is undisputed that driving safety is an issue for teenage drivers , ” said Brooks Schuelke in InjuryBoard.com . But “ not everyone agrees ” that raising the driving age is the answer . “ Even safety experts ” are concerned that this might take the “ focus off other driving dangers , such as drunk driving . ”
“ In my family , I 'm afraid , ” said Sue Shellenbarger in The Wall Street Journal , “ the convenience of allowing teens to drive earlier has trumped the issue of safety ” —serving as “ an on-call shuttle driver ” was really “ getting old. ” I even let my daughter get “ a provisional license at age 15 to drive themselves to and from their school , which provided no bus service . ”
Welcome to WordBrewery ! WordBrewery teaches languages one sentence at a time and helps you master high-frequency words in context with real sentences from the news . We need your support . If you think WordBrewery and The WordBrewery Blog are important resources for language learners and teachers , please join us and mention us to other language lovers .
Introducing WordBrewery 's Course Mode : Personalized digital language courses
By the end of WordBrewery 's Intermediate Spanish course , you will have mastered the 1,000 most common word families in Spanish and will understand about 90 % of the words you encounter in daily life .
To become fluent or even competent in another language , learners must master a core set of high-frequency words . All four language skills—reading , writing , speaking , and listening—require this basic vocabulary . Meaningful communication is impossible without it .
WordBrewery founder Ryan McCarl and others on the WordBrewery team have spent the past year and a half asking : What is the most efficient possible way to learn and teach the core vocabulary needed for fluency ? And more ambitiously : can we build customized language courses to implement that method while adapting to each learner 's level of vocabulary knowledge ?
There was one constraint : we wanted to make sure that our courses remained true to WordBrewery 's principles , the basic commitments that make us different from every other language-learning app :
The first automatically generated and individualized language courses
Our search for the most efficient path to fluency led us to build Course Mode : automatically generated and invidualized language courses that teach high-frequency words in the context of real sentences from the news . The courses measure and adapt to each learner 's exact level of current vocabulary knowledge and teach a set of sentences that is customized for each learner .
By the time a learner finishes the Intermediate Spanish course , they will have read thousands of real Spanish sentences and mastered the 1,000 most common word families in Spanish . Along the way , they will have encountered hundreds of Spanish idioms and every common grammatical pattern while getting a glimpse into different parts of the Spanish-speaking world by reading sentences from the same news websites that native speakers read .
Getting started with WordBrewery 's language courses
Once you have registered for WordBrewery and logged in , you will be taken to Explore Mode by default . Click “ Courses ” in the navbar , choose the language and course you want to study .
( Note : if we have not yet released courses for your language , you can still use WordBrewery 's Explore Mode to learn any of our nineteen languages one sentence at a time . )
The course dashboard screen
The Course Dashboard for WordBrewery 's Intermediate English course
When you start or resume a course , you will see your course dashboard . The statistics meters at the bottom of the Course Dashboard tell you ( 1 ) how many of the course 's target words you have mastered ; ( 2 ) how many of the course 's target words you have “ studied , ” i.e . how many of these words have appeared in sentences you have seen in Course Mode or Explore Mode ; and ( 3 ) how many total words you have mastered in your target language .
What happens inside a course lesson ?
There is no limit to the number of lessons in a course . A course continues until you have mastered each of the target words in the course . This is a long process , but it reflects the fact that there no shortcuts to fluency—just more efficient ways of pursuing it .
A . The eight sentence screens
The first eight screens in a course lesson are “ sentence screens ” that display real sentences from the news . These sentences have been specifically selected for you based on your current word knowledge statistics and learning needs .
Teach the course algorithm which words you need to practice by clicking them to reveal their definitions . You can also add them to lists for further study , printing , and exporting .
Getting the most out of the sentence screens
To get the most out of a WordBrewery course , you should take your time and study each sentence until you understand every word in it . Use the following procedure :
Read the sentence through once without stopping and listen to its audio . Repeat the sentence aloud after listening to the audio , and try to mimic the pronunciation of the speaker . Identify and click any words that you do not know or need to review . Review the meanings of those words in the Word Information box . Consider adding those words to a study list by clicking the star icon at the bottom of the Word Information box . Now that you have the meaning of every word in your short-term memory , read the sentence again . Without looking at the sentence , replay the sentence 's audio by clicking the speaker button . Repeat it without looking at the screen . Press “ Continue ” when you are ready to move on to the next screen . If necessary , click the full-sentence translation icon and use the Google and Microsoft translations to check your understanding . If you do this , only do it after you have done your best to understand the sentence without looking at a translation . Then , think of the translations as rough guidelines , not as “ correct answers , ” and be aware that translations are often imperfect . Optional : If you want more context about a sentence , click the newspaper icon to see the sentence in its original context . Optional : If you want to review this sentence again in the future , click the star icon beneath the sentence . Optional : If you think a sentence has an error or does not make sense , click the thumbs-down icon to report it so we can delete it from the database and improve our sentence filters .
B . The six quiz screens
The remaining screens in a course lesson are quiz screens based on sentences you have studied . None of the question types test your knowledge of an isolated word . Several use variations of the cloze ( fill-in-the-blank ) method . These screenshots and their captions illustrate some examples :
A multiple choice cloze question in the Intermediate English course
A cloze typing question in the Intermediate Spanish course
A listening comprehension and typing question in the Accelerated Beginning Spanish course
Because our quiz questions are automatically generated , different for every learner , and based on real sentences from the news , some questions may have several possible answers or other problems . You can skip these questions by pressing the “ Skip ” button below the answer section .
Some questions include hints that you can use to prompt your memory . Using a hint slightly penalizes your knowledge score for the words tested in the question .
When you finish a course lesson , you will see a completion screen that shows you your progress :
A screen showing your statistics after a completed lesson in the Intermediate Spanish course
Q : What does it mean to “ master ” a word ?
The purpose of a course is to master all of the target words of the course by studying them in the context of many different sentences selected specifically for you based on your current word knowledge . I will explain the concept of “ mastery ” and how we measure word knowledge in greater detail in a separate post on The WordBrewery Blog . For now , here is the basic information you need to know :
Here is an example from our administrator panel of how WordBrewery automatically tracks your mastery of high-frequency words as you use WordBrewery .
You have a Knowledge Score of 0-100 for each word . A word is Mastered if your knowledge score for the word is 90-100 . You should be able to recognize and recall a Mastered word fluently , as though it were a word in your native language .
Every time you interact with a sentence in either Course Mode or Explore Mode , the knowledge score for each word in the sentence changes . For example , clicking a word to see its meaning slightly lowers your score for the word ; continuing to another sentence without clicking the word slightly increases your score for that word .
Answering quiz questions in Course Mode also affects your knowledge score for each word in the sentence serving as the quiz prompt and , in multiple choice questions , for each word presented as an answer choice .
Q : How are different Course Mode sentences selected for each learner ?
Every sentence consists of target words and review words .
The sentences displayed in a language course are chosen by our algorithm according to the following guidelines :
Note : the actual order of these screens is randomized .
Sentences Guidelines Sentences 1 and 2 One completely new word per sentence that you have never seen on WordBrewery ; the remaining words are review words . Sentences 3 and 4 Two nearly-new words per sentence ; the remaining words are review words . Sentences 5 and 6 Two familiar words per sentence ; the remaining words are review words . Sentences 7 and 8 One nearly-learned word ; the remaining words are review words .
Q : Which courses are available so far ?
This week , WordBrewery released its first four courses :
Spanish
Accelerated Beginning Spanish ( master the 500 most common word families in Spanish )
( master the 500 most common word families in Spanish ) Intermediate Spanish ( master the 1000 most common word families in Spanish )
English
Accelerated Beginning English ( master the 500 most common word families in English )
( master the 500 most common word families in English ) Intermediate English ( master the 1000 most common word families in English )
In the next two weeks , we will add similar courses for German and French . Which languages should we add after that ? Let us know , and note that we prioritize languages based on the number of members we have studying each . To help us improve and build new courses faster , please support us by joining WordBrewery , making a donation , or sharing this post with your network .
Bob Dylan
Wembley Stadium
London
England
July 7th 1984
Download : FLAC/MP3
Very Good Audience Recording
This is the First Transfer to Digital from ‘ MY ' copy of this Tape
Source : Master > 2 x TDK SA90 > Akai GX-95 MK11 > Soundforge PRO 10c >
FLAC Level 8 Align on Sector Bounderies
Mastered & Artwork by JTT , May 2013
Disc One : 80.22
01 . HIGHWAY 61 REVISITED – Not included , officially released
02 . JOKERMAN
03 . ALL ALONG THE WATCHTOWER
04 . JUST LIKE A WOMAN
05 . MAGGIE 'S FARM – Not included , officially released
06 . I AND I
07 . LICENSE TO KILL
08 . A HARD RAIN 'S A- GON NA FALL
09 . TANGLED UP IN BLUE – Not included , officially released
10 . IT 'S ALRIGHT MA ( I 'M ONLY BLEEDING )
11 . SIMPLE TWIST OF FATE
12 . MASTERS OF WAR – Not included , officially released
13 . BALLAD OF A THIN MAN – Not included , officially released
14 . ENOUGH IS ENOUGH
Disc Two : 69.19
01 . EVERY GRAIN OF SAND
02 . LIKE A ROLLING STONE
03 . MR. TAMBOURINE MAN
04 . GIRL FROM THE NORTH COUNTRY
05 . IT AI N'T ME BABE – Not included , officially released
06 . LEOPARD-SKIN PILL-BOX HAT
07 . IT 'S ALL OVER NOW BABY BLUE
08 . TOMBSTONE BLUES
09 . SENOR ( TALES OF YANKEE POWER )
10 . THE TIMES THEY ARE A-CHANGIN '
11 . BLOWIN ' IN THE WIND
12 . KNOCKIN ' ON HEAVEN 'S DOOR
The 30th anniversary of the Nike Air Max 1 this year brings forth more colorways of the silhouette and up next is an OG colorway of aqua with purple . The sneaker 's mesh upper is colored in white while grey and aqua accents are used for its suede overlays . Hits of grape are also seen on the tongue , branding on the tongue , heel and insoles , as a white midsole and black accents on the outsole complete the style altogether .
Retailing for a price of $ 140 , look for the Nike Air Max 1 Anniversary Aqua at select Nike stores and online on November 15th . Click and bookmark our Air Jordan 12 Dark Grey hub page now for the shoe 's latest release info and up-to-the-minute updates and images . Always keep it locked to KicksOnFire for the latest in sneaker news and release dates .
Images : atmos
Available Now on Kixify & eBay
If you create a “ pro ” or premium version of your free WordPress plugin , you might run into annoying support issues like :
Users do n't keep their free and pro versions up to date at the same time Pro/premium purchasers get confused needing to install a free version too ( they might not have known there was a free version at all ! ) If your pro and free versions conflict , your users get a fatal error ( either a message , or a a white screen of death if the plugin is installed and activated outside the WordPress admin )
Here are some ways I 've used to eliminate these issues in the free and pro versions of Event Calendar Newsletter and The Events Calendar Shortcode PRO .
Detect if Free Version is Activated
Regardless of whether you 'll be including the free version inside your pro version or not , you 'll want to know if your free version is loaded . If you want to show a notice that your free version should be deactivated ( ie . you 're bundling it inside the pro version ) , add this inside the pro version :
function ecn_pro_deactivate_free_version_notice ( ) { ? > < div class= '' notice notice-error is-dismissible '' > < p > < ? php echo sprintf ( __ ( 'You need to deactivate and delete the old Event Calendar Newsletter plugin on the % splugins page % s ' , 'event-calendar-newsletter ' ) , ' < a href= '' ' . wp_nonce_url ( 'plugins.php ? action=deactivate & plugin=event-calendar-newsletter % 2Fevent-calendar-newsletter.php & plugin_status=all & paged=1 & s= ' , 'deactivate-plugin_event-calendar-newsletter/event-calendar-newsletter.php ' ) . ' '' > ' , ' < /a > ' ) ; ? > < /p > < /div > < ? php } function ecn_pro_add_core ( ) { if ( class_exists ( 'ECNAdmin ' ) ) { add_action ( 'admin_notices ' , 'ecn_pro_deactivate_free_version_notice ' ) ; return ; } } add_action ( 'plugins_loaded ' , 'ecn_pro_add_core ' ) ;
Replacing the class_exists ( ) call with whatever would detect that your free version is loaded .
The link in the admin notice automatically deactivates the plugin when clicked , just change to the slug and file of your plugin . Then activate your pro and free versions and make sure the link works as expected .
If you want to ensure the free version is activated , you can change the check to something like ! class_exists ( ‘ ECNAdmin ' ) and change the error message to have a link to your free version .
Include your Free version in the Pro plugin
This is if your pro version depends on the free version . You can include them inside one zip file for ease of installation and maintenance .
If you have not hard-coded any URLs or paths and used WordPress functions like plugins_url ( ) or relative paths to include files , you should be able to :
Copy your free plugin into a sub-folder , say core/ Delete the plugin header from your free version , otherwise you may hit issues trying to activate your pro plugin Include the free version inside the pro version with something like this in your main plugin file :
function ecn_pro_add_core ( ) { if ( class_exists ( 'ECNAdmin ' ) ) { return ; } require_once ( 'core/event-calendar-newsletter.php ' ) ; } add_action ( 'plugins_loaded ' , 'ecn_pro_add_core ' ) ;
Replace the check for class_exists ( ‘ ECNAdmin ' ) with whatever makes sense for your plugin . You can include the admin notice and deactivation link as we did in “ Detect if Free Version is Activated ” above .
Grunt Task to Automatically Include Free Version Changes
Copying changes in your “ core ” or free version would be annoying to do manually . Instead , you can create a grunt task to watch for changes and do it automatically .
Install grunt and put this in your package.json file ( I put mine inside wp-content/plugins/ folder on my development server ) :
{ `` name '' : `` event-calendar-newsletter '' , `` version '' : `` 0.1.0 '' , `` devDependencies '' : { `` grunt '' : `` ~0.4.5 '' , `` grunt-sync '' : `` ~0.2 '' , `` grunt-contrib-watch '' : `` ~0.5.3 '' , `` grunt-contrib-copy '' : `` ~1.0.0 '' } }
Then install the dependencies by running :
npm install
You may need to run as sudo depending . Then pop this in your Gruntfile.js modifying event-calendar-newsletter for your plugin and the “ 12 ” in the slice ( ) function call to the number of lines your plugin header contains :
module.exports = function ( grunt ) { // Project configuration . grunt.initConfig ( { watch : { files : [ 'event-calendar-newsletter/ * * ' ] , tasks : [ 'sync ' , 'copy ' ] } , sync : { main : { files : [ { cwd : 'event-calendar-newsletter ' , src : [ ' * * ' , ' ! event-calendar-newsletter.php ' ] , dest : 'event-calendar-newsletter-pro/core ' } ] , pretend : false , verbose : true } } , copy : { main : { src : 'event-calendar-newsletter/event-calendar-newsletter.php ' , dest : 'event-calendar-newsletter-pro/core/event-calendar-newsletter.php ' , options : { process : function ( content , srcpath ) { // remove the plugin header file which will mess things up in the pro version return `` < ? php
`` + content.split ( ``
`` ) .slice ( 12 ) .join ( ``
`` ) ; } , } , } , } , } ) ; grunt.loadNpmTasks ( 'grunt-sync ' ) ; grunt.loadNpmTasks ( 'grunt-contrib-watch ' ) ; grunt.loadNpmTasks ( 'grunt-contrib-copy ' ) ; // Default task ( s ) . grunt.registerTask ( 'default ' , [ 'watch ' ] ) ; } ;
Then just run grunt and make a change to your files . This will copy any changes to your plugin files , and strip out the plugin header so it does n't mess up the free version .
Conclusion
There 's no one way to handle having a pro and free version , but you 'll want to automate any routine tasks and provide a good experience users will thank you for .
Have any other pro vs. free plugin issues ? Drop a comment below and I 'll do my best to help ! You might also be interested in my Making Pro Plugins course to launch and grow your own WordPress plugin business .
Bathe in Luxury and Comfort
At Melbourne Bathroom Shop our goal is to transform our customer 's bathrooms into luxurious and stylish spaces where they can relax and cleanse themselves . Our passionate bathroom specialists have gained a strong reputation for turning dreams into reality with our fully-functional and modern bathroom supplies . Whether you are after fittings and fixtures that seamlessly merge with your tiling , vanity mirrors that match your existing decor , or a complete refit and rejuvenation of your bathroom space , we are your first , and best , choice .
Premium Products at Affordable Prices
With a plethora of expertly designed products available from our showroom the team at Melbourne Bathroom Shop believe that form should not be sacrificed for functionality . Our hand-selected products have been chosen based on their innovative design and contemporary design . Once installed in your bathroom our freestanding baths evoke the highest standards of class , style and prestige . Available in different styles and shapes to suit all personal tastes our freestanding baths enhance the design of Melbourne bathrooms across the city .
No matter the size or dimensions of your bathroom space , our freestanding baths will make your bathroom the envy of guests to your home . To learn more about our easy-to-clean and comfortable freestanding baths Melbourne homeowners can call our team today .
What separates those with a criminal record from the rest of the population ? According to lawyer Emily Baxter , not a whole lot . Baxter 's new project “ We Are All Criminals ” examines the illegal activities committed by people without a criminal record . In Minnesota , 1 out of 4 residents has a criminal record , but Baxter 's project , they say on their website , is about the 75 % that “ got away , and how very different their lives may have been had they been caught . ”
By emphasizing the crimes of the unconvicted , Baxter blurs the lines between criminal and noncriminal and draws attention to the detrimental effects that a criminal record has on the lives of those who are convicted . Many of the undocumented and unpunished transgressions confessed through their project were committed when the perpetrators were juveniles , many of whom are now lawyers , doctors , and professionals .
Executive director of the Legal Rights Center in Minneapolis Michael Friedman is intrigued by the project , saying :
“ I do n't think I 've come across anybody who has not committed crimes as a juvenile , ” Friedman said . “ Allowing society to use juvenile criminal records as a marker for someone 's potential success , or risk for employment or opportunity , is not scientific . It 's dangerous and discriminatory . ”
The most intriguing part of their project lies in its look at society as a whole . Imagine if we had all been prosecuted for every crime we committed , even as a juvenile . What would the crime rate look like then ?
The author , Kat Albrecht , is an editorial assistant for The Society Pages . They are currently an undergraduate student in the department of sociology at the University of Minnesota . The artist , Emily Baxter , is the Director of Public Policy and Advocacy at the Council on Crime and Justice . Cross-posted at Citings and Sightings .
Apple 's third-quarter earnings are out and the company was quick to highlight its solid iPhone sales and burgeoning services segment . The big surprise , however , was the 15 percent year-over-year increase in iPad unit sales , which seems to contradict the dominating narrative that the company 's iPad segment was losing steam due to lengthier upgrade cycles .
The 15 percent increase brings unit sales for Q3 to 11.4 million on revenue of $ 4.96 billion . Interestingly , while iPhone unit sales declined 19 percent quarter over quarter , iPad sales shot up 28 percent thanks to new product introductions .
Apple has been increasingly directing attention to the high-end with its iPad Pro line , which now features three different sizes following the reveal of a 10.5-inch model at WWDC this year . While unit sales are up 15 percent , the fact that revenue sales are just up 2 percent suggest that people are still favoring the cheaper tablet offerings . In March , Apple introduced a $ 329 budget model to replace the more costly iPad Air 2 .
In an earnings call , Cook detailed that sales in the education market were up 32 percent year-over-year at nearly 1 million units .
Apple 's stock is up 5 percent after hours .
Iraqi constitutional referendum , 2005 Results Votes % Yes 7,742,916 7001785900000000000♠ 78.59 % No 2,109,374 7001214100000000000♠ 21.41 % Valid votes 9,852,290 7002100000000000000♠ 100.00 % Invalid or blank votes 1 5000000000000000000♠ 0.00 % Total votes 9,852,291 100.00 % Results by governorate Yes No Referendum held : 15 October 2005
The electorate of Iraq went to the polls on 15 October 2005 to vote in a referendum on whether or not to ratify the proposed constitution of Iraq . After 10 days of counting votes , the country 's electoral commission announced that the constitution had been approved by a wide margin nationwide . A number of critics allege massive irregularities , especially in the crucial province of Ninawa , which was widely expected to provide the third ( and deciding ) `` no '' vote .
Background and campaign [ edit ]
Article 61 of Iraq 's Interim Constitution , in effect since 28 June 2004 , laid down the rules for the approval of the proposed permanent constitution . The proposed constitution would have been approved in the referendum if both a majority of voters nationwide voted `` yes '' and there were no more than 2 of the country 's 18 governorates where two-thirds of the voters voted `` no . '' On 2 October 2005 , the National Assembly weakened the second requirement such that it would only fail to be fulfilled if two-thirds of registered voters — rather than actual voters — in three governorates voted `` no . '' Opponents of the Draft Constitution reacted angrily to this reinterpretation of Article 61 of the Interim Constitution . Critics had also pointed out that such an interpretation reads the term `` voter '' differently in both requirements ; the first requirement is still simply fulfilled if a majority of actual voters nationwide votes yes . After much international criticism , the decision was reversed on 5 October .
The possibility of veto by supermajorities of three or more governorates was originally written into the interim constitution to ensure that the permanent constitution would be acceptable to Iraq 's Kurdish minority . However , support for the constitution was weakest among Iraq 's Sunni Arab community , and some observers thought that the Sunni vote would result in the constitution 's rejection . While the exact ethnic distribution of the Iraqi population by governorate is unknown , because the country has not had an official census for 15 years , governorates that include substantial Sunni populations include Baghdad , Al Anbar , Salah ad Din , Ninawa and Diyala . In the event , Al Anbar , Salah ad Din , and Ninawa all saw majorities vote against ratification , though the vote in Ninawa did not result in the two-thirds `` no '' supermajority required to scuttle the constitution .
The Ballot [ edit ]
Voting took place as planned on 15 October , amidst heavy security . Initially , Iraqi election officials had hoped that results of the balloting would be made public by October 19 . On 17 October , however , election officials announced that questions concerning the turnout in some provinces required that the vote be audited , which delayed release of the final figures . A sandstorm in central Iraq has also contributed to the delay . Although Sunni politician Saleh al-Mutlaq has alleged fraud , election monitors from the United Nations said that the vote `` went well . ''
On 25 October , Electoral Commission officials released the final results , which indicated that the constitution had been approved . Overall , 79 % of voters backed the charter and 21 % opposed it . Of 18 governorates , only two recorded `` No '' votes greater than two thirds – one province short of a veto . Turnout in the referendum was 63 % , commission officials had said previously .
With the approval of the constitution , elections for a permanent government must be held no later than 15 December 2005 , with the new government assuming office no later than 31 December 2005 . If the constitution had been rejected , the National Assembly would have been dissolved , and a new transitional government would have been elected to attempt to write another permanent constitution .
During this election , security detainees held by coalition forces and the Ministry of Interior were given the opportunity to vote . This is the first time in the modern history of the Middle East that detainees of this nature were allowed to vote in any election .
Results table [ edit ]
Real Madrid Money to go to children 's charity Make-A-Wish
Cristiano Ronaldo 's Ballon d'Or raised 600,000 euros at a recent auction to raise money for the Make-A-Wish charity that gives seriously ill children the chance to realise their dreams and focus on something positive .
Idan Ofer , Israel 's richest person , paid 600,000 for the single replica of the Ballon d'Or trophy , an item that Ronaldo themselves had donated .
This figure will go straight to the foundation and help them make even more memories for children battling illness .
Usually when a player wins the prestigious award , they ask for the replica to be given to the club , or they prefer to keep it in a trophy cabinet .
Ronaldo specifically asked for the replica of their 2013 award , to be donated to the charity auction .
Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho too contributed to the event with 30,000 euros being paid to watch a boxing match in Manchester , this included a meet and greet with the two coaches .
The Make-A-Wish Foundation auction is the most exclusive charitable events in London . There is an online art auction where fortunes are paid for sculptures and paintings and it is all in aid of an organisation that has helped children for over 35 years .
Mozilla and the Tor Project have issued software updates to block attackers using a zero-day Firefox vulnerability to identify users of the Tor anonymous web browsing services .
The Tor browser is based on the open-source Firefox browser developed by the Mozilla Foundation .
The latest version of the Firefox browser is 50.0.2 , the Tor Browser was updated to 6.0.7 , and the Tails OS ( operating system ) , which uses the Tor network , has also been updated to version 2.7.1 .
Although the Firefox vulnerability is believed to have been used only against Windows users , it could theoretically be used against Mac OS X and Linux users , according to Neowin .
Mozilla said existing copies of Firefox should update automatically , but that users may also download the updated version manually .
The update was released after Mozilla was provided with code for an exploit using a previously unknown vulnerability in Firefox on 29 November 2016 .
The code was also posted in a Tor discussion group , which meant that a highly reliable exploit quickly became available to millions of people .
The exploit takes advantage of a bug in Firefox to allow the attacker to execute arbitrary code on the targeted system by having the victim load a web page containing malicious JavaScript and SVG ( scalable vector graphics ) code .
It uses this capability to collect the IP address and MAC address of the targeted system and report them back to a central server , Mozilla security lead Daniel Veditz wrote in a blog post .
“ The exploit in this case works in essentially the same way as the ‘ network investigative technique ' used by FBI to deanonymize Tor users ( as the FBI described it in an affidavit ) .
“ This similarity has led to speculation that this exploit was created by the FBI or another law enforcement agency , ” they said .
Read more about the Tor browser A leading developer of the open source Tor browser for anonymous web surfing claims some UK and US spies are helping fix flaws exploited by state intelligence agencies .
New threats add to the Tor anonymity debate , as a new browser aims to take anonymous browsing to the next level .
A court filing is asking the FBI for responsible disclosure of the Tor vulnerability used to exploit the Tor browser and de-anonymise users during a criminal investigation .
If this was in fact developed and deployed by a government agency , Veditz said the fact that it has been published and can now be used by anyone to attack Firefox users is a clear demonstration of how supposedly limited government hacking can become a threat to the broader web .
Users of the Tor browser are encouraged to update all their browsing software to the latest versions and to restart their Tor browser after updating .
According to the release notes for latest version of Firefox , the underlying vulnerability is identified as CVE-2016-9079 and is rated as critical .
A separate Mozilla security advisory shows the flaw also affects Mozilla 's Thunderbird e-mail application , as well as the Firefox Extended Support release version used by the Tor browser , reports Ars Technica .
A thread on an online forum for discussing Firefox bugs indicated the critical flaw has existed in the browser code base for five years .
News of the exploit has raised concerns that it may have been used to unmask political dissidents or innocent users of the Tor anonymity services .
In this article you can read about habbits that will surely help you in getting better win rate and going up in Tiers . These tips helped me in getting into Diamond and I am sure that it will help you too if you follow these points . This article is not for you if you do n't want to change anything at all to get better in League of Legends . If your current Tier is enough for you , you can leave but if not , please read thoroughly .
Play less champions in ranked games :
Yup , it 's that easy . If you constantly try out new champs of course you ca n't get out of Elo Hell . Pick a few champions and stick to them . If you really want to , you can pick your main most of the time . Anyone can check your stats these days , so if you have a proof that you are good with that champ , picking it becomes even easier . Even when I had only 50 games and had around 75 % win rate in Season 4 at the time as Fiora , a simple link to my win rate was enough to convince them . Check your current win rates , if you have a champion , which has 60-65 % + win rate over 20+ games , stick to it . Most of the time you can pick your main . If ca n't , then make sure to have a second main on another role or even a third one .
DO NOT go for full hp bursts in your laning phase :
Lots and lots of deaths are because of this simple habit , because players tend to be impatient and try to kill the laning opponent from max or almost max hp . Be patient and know your limits . The lower the elo , the easier it gets to harass the enemy , so why would you risk ? Go for a kill when the enemy is around 30-50 % . As soon as the advantage becomes huge , you can forget this rule .
I 've said it before , and I 'll say it again : I believe that God gave us Trump because I do not believe that a pro politician could pull off dismantling so many leftist sacred cow strongholds at the lighting speed at which Trump is moving .
I 've heard that making sausage is a pretty messy , ugly , and unpleasant process to witness . Well , so is implementing real change in Washington , D.C .
I remember Bahamian actor Sidney Poitier saying when they came to America that they simply pursued their dream , undeterred by supposed limits for blacks . Consequently , in 1964 , Poitier became the first black to win an Academy Award for best actor .
Political outsider Trump is cleaning up the mess , undeterred by corrupt D.C. establishment procedures designed to continue the status quo . Consequently , we have Scott Pruitt fixing the overreaching anti-business tyranny of the EPA . We have Jeff Sessions , who will implement equal justice for all Americans , unlike Obama 's attorneys general . One said they would not prosecute fellow blacks ; the other supports Black Lives Matter 's infamous lie that cops are racist . Leftists ' heads are exploding because new education secretary Betsy DeVos vows to ensure that every child receives a quality education .
While some of the rude , crude , and violent illegal actions of leftist anti-Trump protesters is organic , the vast majority of it is paid for by America-hating billionaire George Soros . From the airport protests to the Women 's March to Black Lives Matter murdering cops and numerous other incidents of chaos in our streets , Soros is the money man . Soros is also tied to the left 's campaign to impeach Trump .
Even before Trump took their oath of office , the left launched their immoral , unethical , and lawless 1,460-day ( four-year ) plan to destroy Trump . The left intends to block Trump from implementing everything we elected them to do .
Despite leftists cautioning their side to tone down their over-the-top hysteria , the left 's rabid opposition to Trump continues to escalate to absurd levels . It 's a bright , sunny day . If Trump comments about it , the left will try to convince the public that it is raining , and Trump lied about the sun .
I submit that the Left can not tone down their brain-dead , emotion-driven , foot-stomping temper tantrums because it is who they are . It is like the old joke : `` I helped you because you promised not to bite me . Why did you bite me ? '' The snake replied , `` I 'm a snake . It 's what I do . ''
When Education Secretary Betsy DeVos showed up for work , they were attacked by protesters . One jerk even stood in front of DeVos 's car when they tried to leave .
Folks , the left is going to pull this crap every day for the next four years . When leftists push free speech to breaking the law and destroying public and private property , I say lock their derrières up ! Thank God : finally , a Republican administration that is doing just that .
The left 's goal is to cement their lie that a majority of Americans regret voting for Trump and hate their agenda . In other words , they hope to `` Bush '' Trump . Relentless unchallenged distortions and lies about President George W. Bush caused their approval to plummet to 33 % when they left office . Clearly , the left have begun their triple-the-intensity campaign to do even worse damage to Trump 's approval .
All seeking to see America made great again ( patriots ) must pull out all the stops , using their creativity and every tool at their disposal to counter the left 's tsunami of anti-Trump and anti-Trump agenda lies .
The left relentlessly and creatively sold us their far-left-radical Trojan Horse disguised as an articulate black man . From Greek columns in the background when they spoke to extra reverb on their microphone to kindergarteners mandated to sing of their greatness , the left practically branded Obama a deity . As part of Black History Month indoctrination , kindergarteners were taught to sing , `` Barack Obama is the man '' and `` he 's our man , yes we can ! ''
In celebration of capitalism and the entrepreneur spirit , it would be fun to see kids start Trump lemonade stands .
Folks , the left still do not get it . They do not understand the Trump Revolution .
I realized that something was amiss during the campaign . I witnessed thousands of Americans of all stripes , from well dressed white seniors to black bikers covered in tattoos , waiting in line , enduring 85-degree Florida heat and sun , hoping to get into the Trump rally at the Daytona Beach Convention Center .
If we are relentless in expressing our support for Trump implementing their 100-day plan , the left 's efforts to `` Bush '' Trump via chaos in our streets , fake news , and violence will fail .
Oh , one last point . I 've heard concerns that the left will react violently if we resume Trump rallies . Well , I am sorry , folks , but freedom ai n't free . As a matter of fact , God has designed life in such a way that anything worth having requires backbone and risks .
Are you guys ready ? Great ! Let 's roll !
Leon Neal/Getty Images
Angela Ahrendts might not , at first glance , fit in with Apple 's jeans-and-button-down dress code . But the former CEO of British luxury retailer Burberry Group could be just what the consumer electronics maker needs to spruce up its retail operations .
In October , Apple named the 53-year-old as senior vice president of retail and online stores , saying at the time that they would join the company in `` the spring . '' Apple CEO Tim Cook , while reporting the company 's fiscal second-quarter earnings on April 23 , said they would arrive at Apple this week .
`` She shares our values and our focus on innovation , '' Cook said in an October email to employees announcing Ahrendts ' appointment . `` She believes in enriching the lives of others , and they are wicked smart . ''
Ahrendts ' arrival comes at a critical time for the Cupertino , Calif. , company . Its March quarter saw strong profits aided by surprisingly strong iPhone sales , but its iPad sales and revenue forecast were disappointing . While millions are still eagerly awaiting the next iPhone , the company is facing an assault on its main moneymaker , with rivals such as Samsung and HTC pressuring it in the premium phone segment and upstarts such as Huawei and Xiaomi scooping up the next billion mobile customers .
And Apple continues to face concerns about whether its best days are behind it , with many still waiting for the next new thing that will wow customers . Its last entry into a new category -- the iPad tablet -- came four years ago . While Apple has updated its existing products with incremental improvements , Apple investors want more -- now . For some , patience is wearing thin .
Enter Ahrendts . They join after Apple 's recent struggles with its retail operations . In addition to their day job as CEO , Cook has led the retail business since they fired retail chief John Browett in October 2012 after just six months on the job . Browett , former chief of British electronics retailer Dixons , admitted they did n't fit in with Apple 's culture . They replaced Ron Johnson , the executive credited with much of Apple 's retail success , after Johnson left in 2011 to become J.C. Penney 's CEO . ( Johnson was ousted as Penney 's chief in April 2013 for what some deemed a misguided makeover of the budget-minded retailer . )
Meanwhile , sales growth at Apple 's stores has slowed . In Apple 's fiscal 2013 , which ended Sept. 28 , retail sales rose only 7 percent to $ 20.23 billion , a much lower growth rate than the 33 percent increase seen in 2012 , 44 percent in 2011 , and 47 percent in 2010 . Some say the novelty has worn off , with Samsung and Microsoft successfully mimicking part of Apple 's retail feel . Apple 's online sales experience also differs greatly from in store .
Ahrendts will be the first Apple executive to oversee both Apple 's more than 400 physical stores and its online retail efforts . The hope is that they can pull off the same trick they achieved at Burberry . After Ahrendts took over at the London-based clothing and accessories retailer in 2006 , Burberry 's revenue nearly tripled to about $ 3.9 billion in the year ended March 31 , and today it 's widely regarded as one of the most technologically savvy fashion brands in the world .
`` [ Ahrendts ] helped Burberry to become a leader in the use of emerging technologies to connect and engage with the customer base , '' Macquarie analyst Ben Schachter said in a recent note .
And even though Ahrendts is just about to start in their role at Apple , she 's already being mentioned as a possible successor to Cook , who took over as CEO from co-founder Steve Jobs in 2011 . Shortly after they were named to the Apple job , Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff was among those crowning them the next Apple chief and describing them as `` the biggest hire @ tim_cook has made since Steve left us . ''
Screenshot by Shara Tibken/CNET
Ahrendts is the only person on Apple 's management team who has run a large , global company before . And while they may not have the technical chops of senior Apple leaders like iTunes chief Eddy Cue or design leader Jony Ive , they do have something perhaps even more important -- a proven talent for transforming a company from a brand on the decline to a seemingly unstoppable powerhouse .
`` We 'll see what happens , but it might be interesting if they start to change the [ retail ] look , '' said Brian White , an analyst with Cantor Fitzgerald . `` Apple stores are phenomenal today , but just think about all the capital and what they could really do to the stores to jazz them up . ''
Another plus in their column : Ahrendts has been an Apple observer and admirer for years : `` If I look to any company as a model , it 's Apple , '' Ahrendts told The Wall Street Journal in 2010 . `` They 're a brilliant design company working to create a lifestyle . ''
Unlike most Apple senior execs , Ahrendts has n't been press-shy over their 30-year career . They have participated in several profiles during their time as Burberry 's CEO -- including with The Wall Street Journal , Fast Company , and Charlie Rose . She 's written articles for publications such as the Harvard Business Review and given talks at their alma mater , TEDx , and other events .
Apple declined to make Ahrendts available for an interview . Burberry did n't respond to CNET 's inquiries .
From modest roots to fashion powerhouse
Ahrendts was born in 1960 in New Palestine , Indiana , a small town with about 2,000 residents . One of six children , they say they `` lived vicariously through fashion magazines , '' dreaming from the time they were young about working in that industry , Ahrendts said during a 2010 commencement address at their alma mater , Ball State University . After graduating in 1981 with a degree in merchandising and marketing , they moved to New York to pursue their dream of working in fashion .
`` I was scared , trust me , but knew I was not alone and kept repeating to myself ' I will not live my life saying I wish I would have ' , '' Ahrendts told Ball State graduates
As for their personal life , Ahrendts met their husband , Gregg , in elementary school . They dated long-distance for 17 years before getting married in their 30s . The couple has three teenaged children , and Ahrendts told the WSJ she 's a devout Christian who reads the Bible every day .
In New York , Ahrendts worked at bra maker Warnaco before landing their first major fashion job in 1989 at Donna Karan , where they were promoted to president . Ahrendts also worked a short stint at Henri Bendel from 1996 to 1998 , where they were tasked with expanding the high-end New York retailer into 50 new markets . Bendel parent company Limited Brands scrapped the idea a couple years after hiring Ahrendts , and they left to become vice president of merchandising and design at Liz Claiborne .
Ahrendts , who eventually took on the role of executive vice president , oversaw nearly two dozen Liz Claiborne brands , including Juicy Couture .
In 2005 , Rose Marie Bravo , then-CEO of Burberry , asked Ahrendts to join the company as their successor . Ahrendts has said they initially turned the offer down , refusing to even have coffee to discuss the role with anyone at Burberry . They later agreed to talk with Bravo and to meet with Christopher Bailey , the Burberry creative director who Ahrendts had worked with at Donna Karan . After a long lunch , Ahrendts decided to take the job at Burberry .
`` We had lunch that day , [ Bailey ] and I , for , 3-and-a-half hours and on the back of a napkin , put our dreams on paper , '' Ahrendts said in a 2010 interview with Charlie Rose . `` I said , 'if I do this , what are we going to do ... in the next five years ? ' ''
What Ahrendts did was re-energize both Burberry 's sales and its image . One key step was buying out companies in Spain and other countries that had licensed the Burberry name to label their own lower-end products . That practice was hurting Burberry 's image as a luxury brand . They also limited the number of products that could use Burberry 's iconic pattern in a bid to make it exclusive once again .
Them work in the fashion world gained attention . Forbes ranked their No . 53 on its list of the most powerful women in the world in 2013 for their accomplishments at the British company . Last year , they were named an honorary Dame Commander of the British Empire for their contributions to British business .
Business style
Ahrendts credits `` Midwestern core values '' instilled by their parents for much of their success . She 's said publicly that their father taught their compassion and humility , while their mother taught them to have faith and be the best they could be . Ahrendts also said during the Ball State commencement speech that it 's important to follow your heart and not get sidetracked by technology .
`` Technology has given us access to the world and its sea of content , allowing us to never speak to another person if we do n't want to , '' they said . `` Computers and smart devices are among the greatest intellectual gifts ever created for man , but if not balanced with human contact , may offer little to develop ones heart . Do n't get me wrong , I am mesmerized by this Digital Tsunami , but Google does n't have all the answers , and are all those people on Facebook truly your friends ? ''
Sarah Tew/CNET
Following one 's feelings or intuition has been a common message from Ahrendts in recent years . In a TEDx Hollywood presentation they gave in March of 2013 , Ahrendts delved into the power of `` human energy . ''
`` Think of energy almost like emotional electricity . It has a powerful way of uniting ordinary people , their connected spirit , to do extraordinary things , '' they said .
As for their role in helping to fuel the Digital Tsunami , Ahrendts took Burberry digital , allowing customers to buy certain apparel online before the items hit stores . They also started broadcasting Burberry runway shows online , and launched the Art of the Trench selfie site that lets Burberry owners flaunt their trench coats . They also built up the company 's social media presence . Burberry currently has 2.85 million Twitter followers and 17 million likes on Facebook .
In September , models carried a prerelease iPhone 5S during a Burberry runway show in London to showcase the device 's camera features -- a move that brought a lot of attention to both Apple and Burberry .
Former colleagues praise Ahrendts ' management style , noting they put in long hours , is fair to underlings , and is n't afraid of differing opinions . In a February 2014 profile , Fast Company noted that Ahrendts is `` adamant that significant news be shared first with staff '' so they 're not surprised . They also `` communicates constantly '' with employees by sending them emails to thank them and by traveling to stores around the globe .
Ahrendts has already shown they have the right mentality when dealing with the Apple brand , as they shared in the interview with Fast Company : `` I do n't want to be sold to when I walk into a store , '' they said . `` The job is to be a brilliant brand ambassador . Do n't sell ! No ! Because that 's a turn-off . Build an amazing brand experience , and then it will just naturally happen . ''
Steve Jobs could n't have said it better himself .
Well , since I remade the DOPPELHUND mech I wanted to make a new AWARE scene for it . So .. here 's AWARE 2008 . Featuring the new 420-A-DPH DOPPELHUND Mech . The old scene [ link ] in case anyone is interested.Modeled in Wings3D . Textures made in Photoshop . The render makes use of a stock photo as the environment . I want to extend my gratitude to indeed-stock for the great photo . The photo was taken by Original here -- > [ link ] -- I 'd like to say think you to all of those that commented and faved last deviation . I do not have a lot of time to be online right now so I 'll be quiet for a while . Do not take that as I 'm ignoring comments or anything . I just have to choose between taking my time to make art or tkaing time hanging out online .
The Yes vote in the Marriage Equality Referendum , three months ago , brought with it a healing that was felt deeply in every county in Ireland . The healing travelled far beyond our island : it has been life-altering , has affected countless numbers and is still unfolding .
The healing was experienced by LGBT people at a profound level , but has also touched grandparents and parents , siblings and extended families , canvassers , neighbours , old school friends , teachers and every person who voted Yes .
I felt the healing personally , but the magnitude and magnificence of the healing shone through with the personal stories that friends and strangers shared with me . I 've been overwhelmed many times when people stop to thank me , or just simply to talk , and end up in tears or lost for words with a lump in their throat .
The healing occurred because campaigners and supporters literally put their hearts into the outcome – they put their hearts on the line .
It was the experiences on the journey we travelled during the referendum campaign that led to the healing . Ultimately the experiences unified us , strengthened connections , forgave the past and uncloaked a loving nation .
There were many who felt wronged at having to ask for equality and some became intensely angry because of it . Every door knocked on , every request for a Yes vote was a forced coming out . We lay our lives , loves , hopes , dreams and aspirations at the mercy of others reminiscent of Yeats 's tender words , “ I have spread my dreams under your feet/Tread softly because you tread on my dreams . ”
On a number of occasions , friends shared their experience of feeling shame during the course of the referendum . It was a throwback to their youth , before they came out , the sense of being different and somehow wrong , not fitting with the expectation of society that had been shaped by the Church and its teachings of homosexuality as sin . The referendum brought these long forgotten but not distant feelings to the surface . The positive result on May 23rd cleansed the shame and set people free .
Many parents who became involved in the referendum understood the implications of homophobia on their children 's lives for the first time . They witnessed and felt the devastation homophobia inflicted – the violence and the oppression . Some parents expressed guilt at never really connecting with this side of their children 's lives .
Unsung heroes
My referendum hero is my mum Eithna who publicly linked their faith in God and their love for me as the reason they were voting Yes . They changed a lot of hearts and minds . Mum and Tom gave permission for people to vote Yes as a link to their faith . They and other parents created a space for healing due to their commitment to their children , their “ womb love ” as mum says .
Lisa , my sister , dedicated themselves to the campaign , working long hours without pay in HQ . My brother John wrote me a beautiful note reflecting their recognition of the LGBT struggle . The entire family fed me , watched after me , did my laundry and ironing – whatever was needed they did it because they love me and felt a deep conviction the referendum needed to pass .
Many families supported their children with these acts of love . Families voted together , travelling a great distance to be reunited in their hometown to ensure this hurdle was overcome . It is all part of the healing energy abounding in Ireland , forgiving the past and forging a new narrative .
Friends did the job of families for some . My own dropped in dinners , drove me around the country when the campaign became all-encompassing , sent daily motivational texts . It all adds up to feeling totally held , to being part of something bigger .
The Boat to Vote campaign was mesmerising – watching people travel home in colossal waves of support became overwhelming . I spoke to people whose friends had gone as far as raising the funds for them to travel home to be part of this great break with the past . Ireland had never witnessed these acts in such a mass scale .
A number of months ago , I received a letter from an elderly man living in rural Ireland that moved me to tears . They explained that as a gay man , invisible for most of their long life , while marriage equality was probably too late for him , a Yes would mean they could die knowing their country men and women finally accepted him .
The letter captures the essence of what the referendum was really about . The Yes carried a message in the winds of change that whispered to this man and others : you 're accepted , cherished , and most definitely loved . I hope they especially know this .
New dawn
Without knowing or understanding , we in Yes Equality HQ and other groups began a political campaign that transformed into a campaign that brought healing to a great many people in Ireland and abroad . For that we should be deeply proud . Every campaigner , every person who voted Yes is party to a seismic shift in Ireland 's social fabric . Nothing could be more beautiful . The healing , the possibility contained in its potential and its impact has only started to bloom and I 've no doubt will continue to flourish .
Andrew Hyland was co-director of Marriage Equality and a founding member and director of communications for Yes Equality . They are a mentor and yoga teacher
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
March 3 , 2015 , 10:48 PM GMT / Source : Reuters
Apple and Google said on Tuesday that they have developed fixes for the newly uncovered `` Freak '' security flaw affecting mobile devices and Mac computers . The vulnerability in Web encryption technology could enable attackers to spy on communications of users of Apple 's Safari browser and Google 's Android browser , according to researchers who uncovered the flaw . Apple spokesperson Ryan James said the computer had developed a software update to remediate the vulnerability , which would be pushed out next week . Google spokesperson Liz Markman said the company had also developed a patch , which it has provided to partners . They declined to say when users could expect to receive those upgrades . Google typically does not directly push out Android software updates . Instead they are handled by device makers and mobile carriers .
The Washington Post reported that the bug left users of Apple and Google devices vulnerable to cyberattack when visiting hundreds of thousands of websites . A group of nine researchers discovered that they could force Web browsers to use a form of encryption that was intentionally weakened to comply with U.S. government regulations that ban American companies from exporting the strongest encryption standards , according to the paper . Once they caused the site to use the weaker export encryption standard , they were then able to break the encryption within a few hours . That could allow hackers to steal data and potentially launch attacks on the sites themselves by taking over elements on a page , the newspaper reported . The group of researchers dubbed the flaw Freak , for `` Factoring RSA-EXPORT Keys , '' according to a website where they described the vulnerability .
IN-DEPTH
SOCIAL
— Reuters
https : //highdrag.files.wordpress.com/2015/07/hd-54-be-brave-capsuleer.mp3
Be Brave Capsuleer
Well , it 's finally happened . After two months , we 've continued with another episode . Be kind to us , we 've had two of the staff pack up and move to the ends of the country , one experiencing a heaping helping of extra work and even we like to go outside and look up at that big shiny thing once in a while . 😉
Episode 54 returns with Random and Ash welcoming Brave FC 's and Gill Reymerus from Podside to sit and talk about all the fun changes since we LAST recorded ( with some particular passion about the fleet warp changes ) and the upcoming Alliance Tournement . Mike Azariah hot drops us for a bit to give a little CSM perspective . No Yin of Fin this time around . Be sure to contact them in game and remind them that we value them as a member of the panel ! !
Panel Members :
Random McNally
Asterothi
Avaren Dias
Callduron
Gill Reymerus
Music this time around :
Heart 's On Fire by John Cafferty ( yes , it 's the Rocky IV theme )
Back In The Saddle by Aerosmith
Take a few minutes to lobotomize yourself on iTunes ( if you use it ) and drop us a review ! Otherwise , you can contact us at HighDragPodcast @ gmail.com or join us in game at HighDragChat
By JAMILA RIZVI
I had my very own Derek Zoolander moment yesterday .
Having travelled down to Canberra the previous evening , I was prepped and ready for one of the biggest interviews Mamamia has scored to date ; richest ( or second richest , depending on which list you consult ) man in the world , Microsoft founder , global philanthropist and arguably , the most influential figure of the last century , Bill Gates .
A few minutes before my allotted interview time , I decided to take out my notes for one final scan . I prefer not to be looking down at a page of questions during an interview because as I learned from Kim Kardashian – eye contact is critical .
Instead , I just have my MacBook or iPad sitting on the table next to me ; it 's for comfort purposes more than anything else . I do n't need it , but I 'd be anxious if it was n't there . So , I pulled my laptop out of my bag and propped it up on the coffee table in the waiting room , hitting the ‘ power ' button while I rehearsed a friendly-but I-mean-business delivery of ‘ it 's a thrill to meet you Mr Gates ' in my head .
And then it hit me : My questions are IN the computer .
As in , IN the computer . My APPLE MACINTOSH computer . Shit .
Desperate not to ruin my interview before it even starts by revealing my preference for Gates ' competitor 's product , I bolt from the room . Thankfully my sister works in Parliament House ( where the interview was taking place ) and I was able to print out a few pages on the Assistant Treasurer 's computer . Well . That 's at least a few of my tax dollars well spent for the 2012-13 financial year .
Rushing back to the interview room , I sit down at the table and get my papers in order . I rearrange the angle of my chair and the one next to it . I take a sip of coffee . I pull out my iPhone and open up the Voice Memo application , so that I can record the interview in full .
Rust Sydney had its first event last Monday ! The first Rust gathering I know of in Sydney , in Australia , or in the whole southern hemisphere .
I had fun meeting all sorts of people interested in Rust : some who 'd dived in deep already , some who 'd only recently started playing with it , and some who 'd been following for a while but had unfortunately not got time to actually use it ( hopefully soon ! ) .
Thanks to everyone who came and , to Envoy Advanced Technologies for providing the space and drinks , free of charge .
I started off with a brief talk , covering where Rust is now ( and will be soon ) , built around the classic haiku :
a systems language
pursuing the trifecta
safe , concurrent , fast
My slides are online , although there 's no recording so they may not be so interesting . But you can get the human part of the experience by imagining this picture of me is moving .
( I was fortunate enough to schedule the meetup when Servo developer Simon Sapin happened to be in Sydney ; they took all three photos in this article . )
I wrapped up and handed over to Steve Klabnik : they were in town for a conference and was the reason I was prompted into organising something , so Rust Sydney could start with a bang . We got a reprisal of their FOSDEM talk “ The story of Rust ” which was a really interesting overview of Rust since beginning as Graydon Hoare 's personal project around 2007 , up until the impending 1.0 release . Their slides ( use left/right arrow keys to navigate ) are also online , and hopefully the recording from FOSDEM will appear in the near future .
It was pleasantly surprising to see how many people were interested enough in Rust to come to a meetup , at least 30 . More than I had expected and I did n't even do much advertising . It was awesome !
I 'll be trying to organise more events , so be sure sign up to Rust Sydney to keep track ( although I will post to users.r-l.o and /r/rust too ) . I hope to see you there .
( I have a rust-sydney repository for collecting related things . )
Image copyright Other
In the US more and more parents are pressing schools to withdraw books with bad language or sexual content . But should children 's books be restricted in this way ?
There is a battle being fought in America overbooks .
The skirmishes see concerned parents `` challenge '' books which are being used in schools .
Other parents are fighting for the right of their children to go into their school library and pick up those very same books .
The issue is being highlighted by the American Library Association during its Banned Books Week .
The ALA recorded 460 attempts in 2009 to have a book withdrawn from a library or classroom .
Part of the problem lies in the rise of young adult fiction . Nearly 60 years after the publication of The Catcher in the Rye , teenager readers are now a lucrative market around the world .
The Twilight series has brought author Stephanie Meyer millions , but they have also found their work in the top 10 most challenged , with parents objecting to sexual explicitness and unsuitability for younger readers .
10 most challenged of 2009 • ttyl , ttfn , l8r , g8r ( series ) by Lauren Myracle : Drugs , nudity , offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group
, , , ( series ) by Lauren Myracle : Drugs , nudity , offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group And Tango Makes Three by Peter Parnell and Justin Richardson : Homosexuality
by Peter Parnell and Justin Richardson : Homosexuality The Perks of Being A Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky : Anti-family , drugs , homosexuality , offensive language , religious viewpoint , sexually explicit , suicide , unsuited to age group
by Stephen Chbosky : Anti-family , drugs , homosexuality , offensive language , religious viewpoint , sexually explicit , suicide , unsuited to age group To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee : Offensive language , racism , unsuited to age group
by Harper Lee : Offensive language , racism , unsuited to age group Twilight ( series ) by Stephenie Meyer : Religious viewpoint , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group
( series ) by Stephenie Meyer : Religious viewpoint , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group Catcher in the Rye by JD Salinger : Offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group
by JD Salinger : Offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group My Sister 's Keeper by Jodi Picoult : Drugs , homosexuality , offensive language , religious viewpoint , sexism , sexually explicit , suicide , unsuited to age group , violence
by Jodi Picoult : Drugs , homosexuality , offensive language , religious viewpoint , sexism , sexually explicit , suicide , unsuited to age group , violence The Earth , My Butt , and Other Big , Round Things by Carolyn Mackler : Offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group
by Carolyn Mackler : Offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group The Color Purple by Alice Walker : Offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group
by Alice Walker : Offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group The Chocolate War by Robert Cormier : Nudity , offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group
by Robert Cormier : Nudity , offensive language , sexually explicit , unsuited to age group Source : ALA
More surprising to many people would be the three established literary classics on the list . The 10 most challenged include The Catcher in the Rye , The Color Purple and even To Kill A Mockingbird .
`` I was shocked that anybody would find this book offensive , '' says Barbara Jones , director of the office for intellectual freedom at the ALA .
Harper Lee 's book has been challenged by black parents who object to the use of the word `` nigger '' . It appears 58 times in the book , notes Ms Jones .
But for most challenged books , the issue is usually sex or sexuality .
Lauren Myracle has endured a stream of angry e-mails from parents who are outraged by their bestselling series about a group of teenage girls . They are all written in the style of instant messaging , and the three books are called ttyl , ttfn and l8r , g8r .
`` It is so revealing to me the vituperativeness they address me with . They are angry , '' they say .
A typical e-mail reads : `` What gives you the right to take away my child 's innocence ? ''
`` I 've got one teenager who has got a potty mouth , '' says Myracle . `` These are high school girls , one is trying to decide whether to have sex with their boyfriend . ''
Many of the challenges recorded by the ALA are aimed at high-schools , restricting the reading material of children aged 14-18 .
But even books for younger readers , like Myracle 's work Twelve , can generate floods of complaints . The book describes a girl figuring out how to put in a tampon , which prompted angry e-mails .
Image copyright Other
Myracle argues that to engage with teenagers you need to write honestly about them .
`` Kids need to see their world reflected back to them . I 've had many girls say thank you for writing this . ''
There 's a disparity between the US and UK . While in the US , formal challenges to books in school libraries are routine , they are very unusual in the UK .
Part of the difference is in the level of local control over schools . Typically in the US , locally-elected school boards can have books withdrawn when parents petition them .
In the UK , control lies almost exclusively in the hands of headteachers , says Sally Duncan , of the School Library Association . They can recall one primary school that refused to have any Harry Potter books because of the supernatural content , but such moves are rare .
A question of values It 's an exaggeration to refer to this as book banning . There is nothing preventing books from being written or sold , nothing to prevent parents from buying it or children from reading it . The question is not book banning , the question is a school district or a school board exercising discretion in terms of their curriculum . I do n't think it 's unreasonable for them to consider the community 's values in making those decisions , in deciding not to include a book in some way offensive to the community 's values .
`` Parents are perhaps less likely to complain about the content of books in the UK as , by and large , we are a less 'religious ' society , '' says Ms Duncan .
Across the Atlantic , one struggle has been played out in the small town of Stockton , Missouri , over Sherman Alexie 's book The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian .
The work has won a National Book Award , but the story of a 14-year-old Native American on a poverty-stricken reservation , touched by tragedy , upset many parents in Stockton after they learned it was being used in lessons in the school .
The opposition to the book was led by lawyer and parent Mike Holzknecht .
`` The book is just chock full of vulgarity , profanity , obscenity and sexual explicitness involving minors , '' they say . `` People around here , where it 's pretty rural and conservative , they will go a long way , but this book was so far over the edge . It does n't belong in a school . ''
After a number of meetings spread over several months , the book 's opponents succeeded . The school board voted to withdraw the book from the school curriculum and the school library .
Cheryl Marcum was among those who were defending the book .
Reactions to Lauren Myracle Image copyright Other `` I do n't know what in your life influenced you to write such trash with no redeeming qualities , but what you are feeding kids today is so awful '' - Carolyn , Round Rock , Texas
`` I find it absolutely amazing that you as a mother find it appropriate to inform young innocent minds of such things as thongs , French kissing , tampons and erections . '' - Denise , New Jersey
`` Just because you were apparently a girl with loose morals early in life , does n't give you the right to influence young girls to follow in your horrible footsteps . '' - Chuck
`` Are you a pedophile ? Do you enjoy making money off of misguiding the youth ? '' - Concerned dad
`` Satan is on the rampage and their name is Lauren Myracle . '' - Anonymous
`` It was one of the best books I 've ever read in my life . The themes are pervasive poverty , alcoholism , bullying , racism and absolutely no hope . All of that applies to Cedar County [ where Stockton is ] .
`` We believe parents have every right and responsibility to monitor what their children read . But they do n't have the right to prevent other children from reading books , particularly national award-winning books . ''
Mr Holzknecht accepts the book is a `` nice story '' but ca n't accept the language or the sexual explicitness . They moved their family to Stockton because they felt it was a place with good , shared values .
`` This is a community with the type of values that are consistent with the way we like to raise our children . '' Why are parents banning school books ?
The fundamental split is between those who think teachers should be able to challenge and engage children with edgy books , and those who think only the parents should be allowed to do that .
`` We are overprotecting our children , '' suggests Ms Jones . `` They have heard this language . They have probably said it themselves . It is n't dangerous for children to be able to confront unpleasant ideas . What better place to engage with ideas than in a school or in a library ? ''
And of course the net result of a battle over a book , like Stockton 's , is that more children end up reading the suddenly controversial work and the author sells more books . Even Mr Holzknecht has to admit he 's purchased three copies .
`` These boards are fooling themselves that if they ban the book the kids are n't going to get hold of them , '' says Ms Jones .
To kids , contraband is cool .
Benjamin J. Heckendorn seems unusually enthused by their latest hack'n mod , calling the Commodore 64 laptop `` probably one of , if not my favorite project I have done . '' That 's saying something from the man who brought the `` Benheck '' finesse hammer down upon just about every modern and classic PC / game console and accessory you can think of . The C64 lappie features a C64C motherboard , a Gamecube power supply , and special 1541-III DTV device that emulates a floppy drive using a FAT-32 formatted SD card -- all while keeping true to the beige 8-bit spirit of the original . And if we 're not mistaken , he 's controlling it with an Atari joystick seen in the video posted after the break . Then again , there could be an Xbox 360 controller hiding in that joystick knowing Ben . [ Via Nowhereelse
'Dumbass ' Or Not , Rand Paul 's Live Stream May Be The Future Of Campaigning
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carlos Osorio/AP Carlos Osorio/AP
It was probably only a matter of time before we got the live-streamed campaign .
With Periscope , Vine and Snapchat , candidates have seized on new apps this cycle to produce behind-the-scenes , unfiltered moments and deliver them to voters .
On Tuesday , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul took the trend to its inevitable conclusion and broadcast the bulk of their day on the Iowa campaign trail on the Internet .
Toward the end of the day , Paul answered hostile questions from Twitter users that campaign staffers put in front of them as a gag . They delivered the type of language you do n't usually hear from a presidential candidate . `` Is Rand Paul still running for president ? I dunno , '' they answered . `` I would n't be doing this dumbass live streaming if I were n't . ''
But as far as digital revolutions go , `` Randlive '' offered all the excitement of a long car trip .
Viewers who tuned in saw Paul in the back of an SUV , checking their email , talking to reporters on the phone and playing DJ .
`` Did n't we play this at CPAC one year ? '' they asked as Metallica 's `` Enter Sandman '' blared . `` Remember when MTV had music on ? ''
There were speeches and events , too . But a large chunk of what the Paul campaign broadcast via UStream was just the nuts and bolts of life on the campaign trail : tired small talk over coffee and orange juice in a generic hotel lobby ; walking into an empty conference room ; a visit to the windy baseball diamond where Field of Dreams was filmed .
`` Was it all just the White Sox playing during the movie , or .... was Honus Wagner in the game ? '' they asked , after sitting in the bleachers where Kevin Costner watched Shoeless Joe Jackson and their teammates play ball . ( Note to Paul : Wagner does n't play , but the Sox do invite some players from other teams toward the end . )
Paul spokesperson Sergio Gor said the campaign viewed the live stream as an extension of what they 're already doing : aggressively embracing new platforms like Vine , Periscope and Snapchat , which all come with the promise of behind-the-scenes access . `` This was a way for us to take people along for the ride with us . To see what a typical day on the campaign trail entails , '' Gor said
Digital strategist Vincent Harris conceded that part of the goal was to generate some attention , too . But , they said via email , `` Modern voters , especially younger voters , expect to engage directly with politicians in an almost voyeuristic way . This stream certainly satisfied that approach . ''
Documentary filmmaker AJ Schnack knows something about campaign life . They made a movie , Caucus , about the 2012 Iowa campaign . He 's a little hesitant about the current `` you are there '' trend in both politics and technology .
As raw as Periscope feeds and Vine clips claim to be , Schnack pointed out there 's still a lot of production going on . `` It 's the appearance of giving more access , but the reality is they [ the campaigns ] also control the on and off switch . And it 's still being seen through the filter of what the campaign wants you to see , '' they said .
But Schnack acknowledged Paul 's stream was a bit different . Even though there were some gaps in the Paul live stream , the whole thing did come across pretty unfiltered . `` I mean , I was seeing how exhausted Rand Paul looked , '' said Schnack .
The campaign said their reference to `` dumbass '' live streaming was a joke — that you have to think about Paul 's sarcastic sense of humor — but Schnack said `` Randlive '' showed the risk that campaigns take when they really do go for the true unfiltered approach . `` You know , I think there 's a fine line between looking like you 're really tired and looking like you 're not interested in campaigning at all , '' they said .
Still , the Paul campaign is claiming victory . `` It was a success for us in terms of generating traffic , '' emailed Harris . `` The most to their site since the Fox News debate ... so far the content has had more than 400,000 views and [ is ] growing by the minute . ''
As crotchety as Paul was about the live stream , the campaign says they may do it again .
And , in the true spirit of the web , the campaign has already turned Paul 's `` dumbass '' comment into a T-shirt you can buy on Rand Paul 's website .
A military veteran suffering from a painful kidney stone had their surgery at an Ottawa hospital abruptly cancelled last month when a doctor discovered they did n't have a ride home .
Viktor Velichkin , 54 , told hospital staff before they were admitted on Sept. 22 that they planned to take a taxi home after the day surgery .
'After they discharge me , it 's my business where I 'm going . ' - Viktor Velichkin
`` Logically , after they discharge me , it 's my business where I 'm going , '' the former Canadian Forces member said .
But a surgeon at the General campus of the Ottawa Hospital took a different view .
Velichkin , who lives alone , said they were given a hospital gown and an ID bracelet . When a nurse asked how they were planning to get home after the operation , they explained that they had n't been able to arrange a return ride and planned to take a taxi .
In considerable discomfort
When the surgeon learned that , Velichkin 's surgery was abruptly cancelled and they returned home with a 10-millimetre stone still lodged in their ureter , the duct that carries urine from the kidney to the bladder .
Velichkin said he 's in considerable discomfort , especially since painkillers prescribed by their own doctor ran out before their scheduled surgery date .
A spokesperson for the Ottawa Hospital said its policy does n't permit patients who are recovering from the effects of anesthesia to return home unassisted , even if the surgery does n't require post-operative care .
Sometimes patients are admitted overnight , but only if they make arrangements prior to the date of their surgery , the spokesperson said .
'It 's like an ultimatum '
There are volunteer groups who will transport cancer patients , but there are no comparable services for people needing transportation following day surgeries such as kidney stone removal .
Velichkin , who was born and raised in the former Soviet Union , said the inflexibility of the hospital staff reminded them of attitudes they encountered as a young man .
`` It 's like an ultimatum , like in the Soviet Union . You do what we tell you , or it 's Siberia ! '' they said .
Velichkin said the hospital should provide transportation home for patients who rely on taxis to get around . They said they hope to reschedule their surgery for this week , but still faces the problem of how to get home afterward .
[ TRANSLATION ] Djibouti Welcomes China to Build a Military Base
Djibouti welcomes China to build a military base
吉布提欢迎中国来建基地
Published 2013-03-11 on the Global Times ' Chinese-language website
By Global Times Special Correspondents to Djibouti Jiang Anquan and Zhang Jianbo
Looking out the window as the plane descends into Djibouti International Airport you can see military planes from Western countries at a short distance away . Some are parked while some are preparing to take off or have just landed . This was the first time that we , the Global Times ' special correspondents to Djibouti , had heard the roar of fighter planes and the sound irritated our ears .
We came face-to-face with some German soldiers as soon as we arrived at the Sheraton Hotel where we were to stay . We later also saw some of Japan 's self-defense forces .
Vendors on the streets and taxi drivers yelled out “ Ni hao , ” “ Sayonara ” and “ Hwan-yeong ” in succession as soon as they saw us or other Asians . A local driver Abbas told us that this was part of Djibouti 's policy of balanced diplomacy — everyone who visits is treated as a guest and care is taken not to offend anyone .
Djibouti is located in the Horn of Africa , and is a country with an area of only 23,000 square kilometers and a population of about 820,000 — about the same as the average Chinese county . Besides being small , Djibouti is also poor and is one of the least developed countries in the world . It is lacking in natural resources and its agricultural industries are backward . Deserts and volcanoes take up 90 percent of Djibouti 's total surface area . In addition , there are less than 4000 farmers in the country and it is not self-sufficient in grain production .
As soon as you travel a short distance away from Djibouti 's capital city , all you see is a vast gravel desert with volcanic rocks scattered across it . No noticeable plants are visible besides thorn-filled acacia trees . Therefore , even the small number of Djiboutians who want to chew khat ( a plant similar to marijuana that has a stimulant effect ) have to import it from Ethiopia .
Fortunately for Djibouti , even though it is small and poor , it occupies a strategically important position . Djibouti is located in a key area on the west coast of the Gulf of Aden , with its northern part facing the Mandab Strait where the Red Sea enters the Indian Ocean . Djibouti is also a good natural harbor with calm and deep water . Most importantly , unlike Somali , Djibouti has a secure and stable government that has had only two presidents since it gained independence from France in 1977 . The Somali and the Afar , the two largest ethnic groups in Djibouti , together make up almost 90 percent of the country 's population , and they get along in harmony .
Many countries have been attracted to build military bases in Djibouti because of its strategically important position and its stable and secure government . First was France , its former colonizer . France and Djibouti have signed a defense agreement and France continues to operate several military bases in the country . A Djiboutian scholar told us that France recognizes the importance of its bases in Djibouti now more than ever following its deployment of troops to Mali , and is now preparing to increase its troops and investment in Djibouti .
Second was America . The US set its eyes on Djibouti as part of its War on Terror following the events of 9-11 , and established the only US military base in Africa there . When the US was in the process of setting up its Africa Command [ which is now in Germany ] , Djibouti actively invited the US to consider setting up the headquarters of its Command in Djibouti . The military base in Djibouti not only allowed the US to have a foothold in East Africa and the hinterlands of Africa , but also played an important role in the US attack on Somalia 's Al-Shabaab militants and the US ' toppling of Gaddafi 's regime . Several years ago , Japan also established its first overseas naval military base in Djibouti using the pretext of trying to curb the increasingly rampant piracy in the Gulf of Aden .
Besides hosting the military bases of these countries , Djibouti is also important as a maintenance and resupply base for many countries ' escort ships . The berths in the country 's harbor are full of ships , and arrangements for ships that want to dock in them must be made well in advance . In the past four years , the ships in China 's escort fleet have docked in Djibouti more than 50 times .
The port of Djibouti is the country 's economic lifeline , and the fees that it collects from military bases are another important source of income . Djiboutian scholars revealed to the Global Times that France pays about 30 million euros ( ~ $ 39.06 million ) per year in fees for the right to maintain military bases in the country , while the US pays $ 30 million and Japan pays a sum that is no less than what is paid by France and the US . These funds can accomplish a lot in a country that only has a population of 820,000 . As a result , Djibouti pursues a policy of balanced diplomacy in which “ everyone who visits is treated as a guest and care is taken not to offend anyone . ”
While interviewing the commander of the Djibouti navy Colonel Abdourahman Aden Cher , we mentioned that in the 15th century , the Chinese admiral Zheng They had sailed to the West [ of China ] and came to Africa and to Djibouti with friendly intentions and no intentions of invading it . When they heard this , Colonel Abdourahman Aden Cher first seemed deep in thought , perhaps thinking that we were casting aspersions on Western countries because of their historical invasion of Djibouti . They then suddenly said , “ The US and France are also guests of Djibouti . They have their own role to play and we cooperate well . ”
On the day before we visited the Colonel , Japan and Djibouti signed an agreement in which Japan donated two patrol boats to Djibouti . However , when we asked the Colonel about the collaboration between the Djiboutian navy and foreign navies , they did not mention this .
Djibouti also has close relations with China . In our interviews with Djiboutians , many of them mentioned that the former president of Djibouti Hassan Gouled Aptidon gave property in the country to China before they retired . Colonel Abdourahman Aden Cher told us that they knew that the Chinese Communist Party 's 18th Party Congress Work Report mentioned China 's goal to become a maritime power and said that they welcome China to build its own base in Djibouti .
A Chinese person in Djibouti sighed and said to us : “ The ability of a small country like Djibouti to walk the tightrope of balancing the interests of the world 's major powers while achieving its own interests and developing deserves recognition . ”
2013-03-11 07:28 环球时报
【环球时报赴吉布提特派记者 蒋安全 张建波】飞机降落在吉布提国际机场，目光转向窗外，便可看到不远处西方国家军队的飞机，有停着的，也有正准备起飞或刚降落的。专门赴吉采访的《环球时报》记者第一次如此近距离听到战斗机起飞时的轰鸣，耳朵颇有点受刺激。记者来到下榻的喜来登酒店，迎面便碰到一群德国士兵。后来还见到一些来自日本的自卫队员。街头的商贩或出租车司机见到东方面孔的人，会用中文 “ 你好 ” 、日语 “ 再见 ” 、韩语 “ 你来啦 ” 一起乱叫一通。当地司机阿巴斯告诉记者，这就是吉布提，来的都是客，谁也不得罪，因为吉奉行平衡外交。
吉布提位于非洲之角，是一个只有2.3万多平方公里的小国，人口近82万，相当于中国的一个县。除了小，吉布提还穷，它是世界上最不发达国家之一，自然资源贫乏，农牧渔业也很落后。吉布提境内沙漠和火山约占全国面积的90 % ，全国农民不到4000人，粮食完全不能自给。走出首都吉布提市不远，视线内能看到的就只有戈壁、火山岩，除了带着利刺的合欢树，很难找出再有什么让你印象深刻的植物。所以，连不少吉布提人每天要嚼上一小把的卡特草（类似大麻的有兴奋作用的草）也要从埃塞俄比亚进口。
好在天无绝人之路，又小又穷的吉布提有着极为重要的战略位置，它位于亚丁湾西岸，扼红海进入印度洋的咽喉要冲曼德海峡，并且有风平浪静的深水天然良港。更重要的是，与同在非洲之角的索马里不同，吉布提是一个安全稳定的国度，1977年独立以来只经历过两位总统。吉布提两大民族伊萨族与阿法尔族人口加起来接近全国总人口的90 % ，两个民族和睦相处。
因为有重要战略位置和安全稳定的政局，吉布提吸引了不少国家在这里建立军事基地。首先是它曾经的宗主国法国，法吉两国间签有防务协定，法国在吉保留了多处军事基地。当地一名学者对记者称，法国对马里用兵之后，越发感到吉布提基地的重要性，正准备加大在这里的投入和部署。其次是美国， “ 9·11 ” 事件之后，美国在反恐战争中相中了吉布提，这里成了唯一建有美军基地的非洲国家。美国在建立非洲司令部时，吉方曾主动欢迎美方考虑将其设在吉布提。吉布提基地不仅让美有了向东非和非洲腹地辐射的落脚点，还在打击索马里 “ 青年党 ” 武装，推翻卡扎菲政权方面起到重要作用。几年前，借口打击亚丁湾海域日益猖獗的海盗活动，日本在吉布提建立首个海外军事基地，除了这些国家外，吉布提更成为多国护航舰艇休整补给的重要地点，港口相关泊位排满了预约。4年来，中国护航编队的舰只也在该港停靠过50多次。
港口是吉布提的经济命脉，而出租军事基地更是一笔重要的收入。当地学者向《环球时报》记者透露，法国每年支付给吉约3000万欧元，美国是3000万美元，而日本的费用不会少于法美。这些钱对只有82万人口的国家来说能做很多事。所以，吉奉行平衡外交政策， “ 来的都是客，谁也不得罪 ” 。
在采访吉海军司令阿卜杜拉曼时，当记者说起历史上郑和当年下西洋来到非洲、来到吉布提，没有带来侵略，只有带来友好时，他似乎想多了，可能担心记者在影射西方国家当年对吉的侵略，便马上说， “ 美法也是吉布提的客人，他们扮演着自己的角色，我们合作得很好 ” 。此外，就在我们拜访海军司令的前一天，日本方面同吉海军签订了赠送两艘巡逻艇的合同。但当记者问起吉海军与外军的合作情况时，阿卜杜拉曼对我们介绍有关巡逻艇的情况时却讳莫如深。
吉方对中国也非常友好，在采访中，许多吉方朋友提到老总统古莱德退休前把一部分房产赠送给中国的故事。阿卜杜拉曼司令对记者表示，他知道中共十八大报告提出了建设海洋强国的目标，也欢迎中国到吉建立自己的基地。一个当地华人对记者感慨： “ 像吉布提这样一个小国，能在世界大国之间走钢丝、玩平衡，得到实际的利益，获得了发展，很值得玩味。 ”
I own an old American apparel tri blend shirt and finally decided to get some new ones . I got several ( I think 6-8 ) around Christmas 2015 and 6 months later here is my review . These shirts fit like my old one but they are nothing like it . These began to pill almost instantly , while my old shirt has no pilling whatsoever . Some of them look so bad now that I am embarrassed to wear them out in public . This after moderate use over the last six months ( maybe worn once every two- three weeks . )
I have worn the old shirt once a week for probably 5 years . It is still in perfect condition . I even wore it through my entire pregnancy ( up to the day my son was born . ) it never stretched out of shape or anything . I am upset that they have hanged their formula so drastically . The fabric feels thicker than the old shirt and is obviously not the same quality . I am very sad because I thought I would be able to have more of my favorite shirt , but I will just have to keep looking .
To clarify , by “ federation ” , I mean federation in contrast to a client-server or P2P models . Specifically , a collection of independent servers , each serving a number of users , all using a standardized , federated protocol .
Let 's go over the basics real quick . At first , there was the client-server model .
There is a server that communicates directly with a bunch of clients . For instance , when you open up Facebook , you 're using the client-server model ( yes , Facebook has multiple servers , but they 're all owned and controlled by Facebook , so in this context , it 's essentially a single server ) .
Then , around the time of Napster , we realized that it might be a good idea to take servers out of the equation . This introduced the peer-to-peer model .
This distributed model offered us decentralization — a network that ca n't be destroyed by removing a single server out of the middle . It 's a network that 's a collection of peers with no central authority . Protocols like BitTorrent use the P2P model . However , there is a downside to the P2P model : each of the peers have a fairly high processing cost , and are usually expected to be constantly connected to the network .
So what 's the in-between ? Federation : a collection of independent servers , each serving a number of clients .
“ Independent ” is the important word here : the idea is that anyone can host their own server , and can join it to the network of servers by using an agreed-upon , or “ federated ” , protocol . This allows us to have an open network ( unlike , say , Facebook 's servers ) while not burdening the clients with all the processing . An excellent example of the federation model is email : an email server can be run by your ISP , your company , an online ad-supported service , or you can run one yourself . Multiple clients connect to each server ( ie all of your ISP 's customers ) , and the servers can talk to each other via an established protocol ( SMTP ) . There is no central authority in the email system : your little home server has , by design , the same “ say ” in the network as Gmail 's servers .
The federated model , while being old tech , is still the best compromise between client-server and P2P models . It enforces an open network , gives us the option to completely own our data , while still leaving room for our corporate peers . However , there 's been an increasing trend away from federated models by several large service providers .
XMPP is an instant messaging protocol ( it 's actually a lot more than just an IM protocol , but that 's not important here ) which uses the federated model . Users connect to the server for their domain , and they can chat with users on different domains via server-to-server communication . Google Talk ( aka Hangouts ) implemented XMPP support in 2006 . The idea was that a user on Google Talk , say , “ user1 @ gmail.com ” could chat with a remote user , like “ user2 @ jabber.com ” without user2 having to create a Gmail account . This was a Good Thing , because it let users have choice of IM providers , while still letting users on different networks chat with each other . In 2010 , Facebook Chat added XMPP support . This was also a good thing , for an additional 400 million accounts could be reached via XMPP . It looked like XMPP was going to get as popular as email .
But then… it all fell apart . Both Google and Facebook dropped XMPP support in late 2014 / early 2015 . There was never much of an explanation from either corporation , just something along the lines of “ We 're switching to X new API and we did n't bother adding XMPP support ” and “ We promise we might eventually one day look at maybe adding something resembling XMPP support . Maybe . ”
So what actually happened ? They realized the business value of vendor lock-in . Effectively , “ we know that user1 wants to chat with user2 . Why make it easy for user2 to chat externally ? We can just force them to join to chat with user1 , giving us more product a new client ! ” You want to chat with grandma over Facebook Chat ? Too bad , you 'll have to make an FB account now… even though perfectly good tech exists to let you chat with them from wherever .
But that 's just XMPP . We have slightly bigger issues to worry about .
It 's becoming increasingly more difficult to run your own email server . If you set up a new email server on a dedi/VPS somewhere , and follow all the usual recommended practices ( PTR , SPF records , DKIM ) , your emails will be put in the Spam bin on both Gmail and Microsoft inboxes . Gmail will direct you to read their Bulk Sender Guidelines ( even if you only sent a single email ) , and Microsoft will give you a place to “ register ” your server for a chance to avoid the spam bin . In order to avoid the spam bin on Gmail , however , you 'll need to build up a “ reputation ” , by having conversations with numerous Gmail accounts , and having them mark you as “ Not Spam ” . Here are some HN threads griping about this issue . To make matters worse , having some reputation with Gmail does n't guarantee that your email will get delivered : the Gmail servers will accept your email , but they may still end up in the user 's spam bin or disappear completely , especially if this is the first time you 've emailed this particular user .
This is a ridiculous amount of effort for a user who just wants to run their own email server because , oh I dunno , maybe they want to actually own their emails ? This is also extremely concerning , because email is the original example of an open and decentralized system . I suspect that , within the next few years , it 'll gradually become impossible for anyone to run a small email server . Eventually , you 'll use your work email to talk to your work colleageues , your Gmail to talk to your friends on Gmail , and your Outlook to talk to your friends on Outlook . Here 's vendor lock-in again — why let you run your own server when you can maintain three accounts ( and , of course , see ads from all three providers ) .
“ The entire population of the region of the Gerasenes asked Jesus to leave them because they were seized with great fear . So they got into a boat and returned. ” ( Luke 8:37 )
It is amazing . Our Lord has just freed a man from a legion of demons , a man that presumably these folks had , at one time , counted as one of their own and had been living among tombs in such a state that not even chains could hold him . This man is now free , free to return to their family and friends ; and their family and friends ask Jesus to leave .
Why ? It 's more than just ingratitude ; these people were afraid . Of what ? Of what the cure had cost—in this case , on the surface , a herd of swine , so some of it may have had to do with losing food and money . Maybe , though , it was more than that . It might have been what our Lord was alluding to when they said in another instance , “ But if it is by the Spirit of God that I cast out demons , then the kingdom of God has come among you ” ( Matt : 12:28 ) . In other words , I think it is very true that some people just do n't want God in their lives . Again , why ? Because that means repentance . These Gerasenes may very well have been afraid that , since our Lord had changed the life of one man , they would call them to change their lives too .
We all have places we ask our Lord to leave ; certain faults and sins we want left alone . Not only individuals have these places , though ; nations and cultures can have them .
I think of those in the abortion industry ; those to whom the only solution to an unplanned pregnancy seems to be abortion . It is odd . Here is a woman facing a crisis . We can , on the one hand , provide them with what they need—medical care , emotional and psychological support , food , housing , etc. , and bring a new life into the world ; or , on the other hand , we can snuff out that life and psychologically scar and perhaps physically cripple the woman .
Why is abortion the first “ solution , ” the only “ solution , ” for so many ? Why ca n't they admit that allowing that life to be born might possibly be a better solution for all ? Why are they so afraid to allow the mother to have all the information regarding alternatives to abortion ? Why would they ask the Lord , the gentle healer , to leave ?
You would think that those who claim to be “ pro-woman ” would be the most vocal , the most demanding of insuring that a woman receive all the information , all the help possible . You would think that they would be the most strident in protecting the female , both in and out of the womb . But they 're not . Why ? Because they are afraid , afraid of the cost , not only in dollars ( although for the multi-million-dollar abortion industry that would be enough ) , but more so of the cost of repentance , of admitting they were wrong .
For at least two generation now , politicians , doctors , corporations , universities , churches ( yes , churches ) and ordinary men and women have based their lives and careers and staked their souls on the belief that killing a child is the right thing to do .
I can not imagine the courage and humility it takes for a woman to go to confession for the sin of abortion . I can not imagine the pain they feel , nor the healing they must need , to go on living and endure with that on their mind . I can not imagine their suffering , for all healing involves suffering . The same is true for all those who , like Dr. Bernard Nathanson , have left the killing fields .
Imagine for a moment if World War II had ended differently . If , having conquered Europe , Nazi Germany had remained the prosperous and well-ordered country it seemed to so many before the war . And Dachau and Auschwitz and Bergen-Belsen and the “ final solution ” had remained . Who would have dared raise their voice to stop such madness ? What politician , doctor , professor , church leader , ordinary man or woman dependent on the status quo would have said , “ Stop . We are killing human beings ” ? Would they not have asked , as we have asked , our Lord to leave ?
As I said , healing involves suffering , sometimes great suffering . It involves saying , “ I was wrong. ” It can mean saying , “ I did a terrible thing ; I was bad . I succumbed to the smooth , easy voice of evil , and I did not want to admit it , because of what that means. ” It can be excruciating ; but the pain and harm if it is not done is worse . I suspect this is what our Lord meant when they said it was better to enter Heaven without an eye or a limb than to be thrown into Hell . Our Lord can heal the eye or the limb , but only if you 're with him .
With abortion , that could mean parents admitting to children , “ We killed your sister ” ; or for others , “ We coerced our daughter into killing our grandchild. ” Doctors would have to admit , “ I preferred to kill , and to teach and promote killing , rather than to heal ; I wanted the money , the prestige. ” Politicians would be forced to admit they preferred votes and popularity to life . Church leaders would be forced to confess they valued large congregations and full collection plates more than children . The office workers , technicians and others would have to admit they wanted a paycheck more than a clean soul . Instead , we ask our Lord to leave .
I wonder if the same dynamic is not now being played out with regards to the LGBT phenomenon ; the rush to “ support ” and “ understand ” and “ accept ” which comes down to a command of “ Approve , celebrate , and do n't ask questions. ” I know I shall be accused of ignorance , intolerance , and bigotry ( at best ) , but I wonder if as parents we do n't ever ask ourselves , “ Could this not have been , at least partly , my doing ? Did I raise my children properly ? Did I talk to them , at all , about the sacredness of life and the relationship between a man and a woman ? What movies and shows did I allow them to watch ? Books to read ? Did I supervise their education in this regard and know what they were being taught at school ? ( Most public school education in this regard is thinly veiled indoctrination into sexual perversion . ) Was I careful with their choice of friends ? Was I home when I should have been ? Did I provide a good example as a man and as a father ? As a woman and as a mother ? Was I , in short , a good parent ? ” And rather than admit the possibility that we may have failed in these respects , and coupled with the natural—and laudable—instinct to side with our child , we “ embrace ” and “ accept . ”
Let me be clear . We all fail as parents ; but some failures are more severe . It is one thing if we do n't vet a particular movie our son or daughter is going to see . It is another to allow repeated and unmonitored access to Netflix . Also , I am not saying that parents are at fault for all the frailties of their children ; there is free will and a culture set against them . Nor am I saying we tell our son or daughter to go to hell . I am saying we look in the mirror and ask ourselves whether we may be going there .
There is no sin that hurts only oneself .
For more than half a century our nation has seen the family unravel ; from easy divorce , to unlimited contraception , to ubiquitous pornography , to abortion , and now to free-lance , celebrated perversion . And just as we have enacted laws to prevent women from getting all the information regarding their crisis pregnancy , there are now laws that prevent anyone—including a parent—from seeking help for a child who may be sexually confused . That is wrong .
I do n't know if we , as a nation , can ever come to the national repentance necessary to admit how we have let the family fail . History provides few hopeful examples . Individual repentance is hard enough . But it has to start there . A legion of demons has infested us . Once we ask our Lord to leave , anything can happen . And it has .
Editor 's note : Pictured above is a detail from “ Swine Driven into the Sea ” painted by James Tissot .
If you can , it 's a good idea to set up your .vimrc file using conditionals so that it 's compatible on all of the systems with which you need to work . Using one .vimrc file enables you to include it as part of a centralised set of dotfiles that you can keep under version control .
However , if on a particular machine there 's a special case which means you need to load some Vim directives for that machine , you can achieve this by way of a local Vim file kept in .vimrc.local , only on one particular machine , and detecting its existence before attempting to load it in your master .vimrc file with the following stanza :
if filereadable ( glob ( `` ~/.vimrc.local '' ) ) source ~/.vimrc.local endif
As an example , on one of the nameservers that I manage , I wanted to make sure that the correct filetype was loaded when editing zone files ending in .nz or .au for New Zealand and Australian domains . The following line in .vimrc.local did the trick :
autocmd BufNewFile , BufRead * .au , * .nz set filetype=bindzone
If the .vimrc.local file does n't exist on any particular machine , Vim will simply not attempt to load it on startup .
After some serious quality problems in the last year , my company has recently introduced code reviews . The code review process was quickly introduced , without guidelines or any kind of checklist .
Another developer and I where chosen to review all changes made to the systems , before they are merged into the trunk .
We were also chosen as `` Technical Lead '' . This means we are responsible for code quality , but we do n't have any authority to implement changes in the process , reassign developers , or hold back projects .
Technically we can deny the merge , giving it back to development . In reality this ends almost always with our boss demanding that it be shipped on time .
Our manager is an MBA who is mostly concerned with creating a schedule of upcoming projects . While they are trying , they have almost no idea what our software does from a business point of view , and is struggling to understand even the most basic customer demands without explanation from a developer .
Currently development is done in development branches in SVN , after the developer thinks they are ready , they reassign the ticket in our ticketing system to our manager . The manager then assigns it to us .
The code reviews have lead to some tensions within our team . Especially some of the older members question the changes ( I.e . `` We always did it like this '' or `` Why should the method have a sensible name , I know what it does ? `` ) .
After the first few weeks my colleague started to let things slide , to not cause trouble with the co-workers ( she told me herself , that after a bug report was filed by a customer , that they knew of the bug , but feared that the developer would be mad at them for pointing it out ) .
I , on the other hand , am now known for being an ass for pointing out problems with the committed code .
I do n't think that my standards are too high .
My checklist at the moment is :
The code will compile .
There is at least one way the code will work .
The code will work with most normal cases .
The code will work with most edge cases .
The code will throw reasonable exception if inserted data is not valid .
But I fully accept the responsibility of the way I give feedback . I 'm already giving actionable points explaining why something should be changed , sometimes even just asking why something was implemented in a specific way . When I think it is bad , I point out that I would have developed it in another way .
What I 'm lacking is the ability to find something to point out as `` good '' . I read that one should try to sandwich bad news in good news .
But I 'm having a hard time to find something that is good . `` Hey this time you actually committed everything you did '' is more condescending than nice or helpful .
Example Code Review
A high-powered group of senior Republicans and Democrats led two missions to China in the final months of the Bush administration for secret backchannel negotiations aimed at securing a deal on joint US-Chinese action on climate change , the Guardian has learned .
The initiative , involving John Holdren , now the White House science adviser , and others who went on to positions in Barack Obama 's administration , produced a draft agreement in March , barely two months after the Democrat assumed the presidency .
The memorandum of understanding was not signed , but those involved in opening up the channel of communications believes it could provide the foundation for a US-Chinese accord to battle climate change , which could be reached as early as this autumn .
`` My sense is that we are now working towards something in the fall , '' said Bill Chandler , director of the energy and climate programme at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , and the driving force behind the talks . `` It will be serious . It will be substantive , and it will happen . ''
The secret missions suggest that advisers to Obama came to power firmly focused on getting a US-China understanding in the run-up to the crucial UN meeting in Copenhagen this December , which is aimed at sealing a global deal to slash greenhouse gas emissions . In their first policy address the secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , said they wanted to recast the broad US-China relationship around the central issue of climate change . They also stopped in Beijing on their first foreign tour .
The dialogue also challenges the conventional wisdom that George Bush 's decision to pull America out of the Kyoto climate change treaty had led to paralysis in the administration on global warming , and that China was unwilling to contemplate emissions cuts at a time of rapid economic growth .
`` There are these two countries that the world blames for doing nothing , and they have a better story to tell , '' said Terry Tamminen , who took part in the talks and is an environmental adviser to the governor of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger . The nations are the top two polluters on Earth .
The first communications , in the autumn of 2007 , were initiated by the Chinese . Xie Zhenhua , the vice-chairperson of the National Development and Reform Commission , the country 's central economic planning body , made the first move by expressing interest in a co-operative effort on carbon capture and storage and other technologies with the US .
The first face-to-face meeting , held over two days at a luxury hotel at the Great Wall of China in July 2008 , got off to a tentative start with Xie falling back on China 's stated policy positions . `` It was sort of like pushing a tape recorder , '' said Chandler , `` [ but after a short while ] they just cut it off and said we need to get beyond this . ''
The two sides began discussing ways to break through the impasse , including the possibility that China would agree to voluntary – but verifiable – reductions of greenhouse gas emissions . China has rejected the possibility of cuts as it sees that as a risk to its continued economic growth , deemed essential to lift millions out of poverty and advance national status .
Taiya Smith , an adviser on China to Bush 's treasury secretary , Hank Paulson , who was at the first of the two sessions , said : `` The thing that came out of it that was priceless was the recognition on both sides that what China was doing to [ reduce ] the effects of climate change were not very well known , '' they said . `` After these discussions was a real public campaign by the Chinese government to try to make people aware of what they were doing . We started to see the Chinese take a different tone which was that 'we are active and engaged in trying to solve the problem ' . ''
During the second trip to China by the Americans , Xie suggested a memorandum of understanding between the two countries on joint action on climate change .
Chandler said they and Holdren drew up a three-point memo which envisaged :
•Using existing technologies to produce a 20 % cut in carbon emissions by 2010 .
• Co-operating on new technology including carbon capture and storage and fuel efficiency for cars .
• The US and China signing up to a global climate change deal in Copenhagen .
`` We sent it to Xie and they said they agreed , '' said Chandler .
The ties were further cemented when Gao Guangsheng , the leading climate official , attended Schwarzenegger 's global meeting on climate in November last year . Obama , who had been elected president two weeks earlier , addressed the gathering by video .
By the time Xie visited the US in March , the state department 's new climate change envoy , Todd Stern , and their deputy , Jonathan Pershing , were also involved in the dialogue . But the trip by Xie did not produce the hoped-for agreement . Both Stern and Holdren declined to comment when asked by the Guardian .
Those involved agree it was premature to expect the Obama administration to enter into a formal agreement so soon in its tenure . Additional members of the US team included Terry Tamminen ; Jim Green , adviser to Joe Biden , now the vice-president who then headed the Senate foreign relations committee ; Mark Helmke , adviser to Richard Lugar , the ranking Republican on the committee ; and Frank Loy , a former state department negotiator on climate . Both Green and Loy have been nominated to jobs in the Obama administration .
Chandler and Smith believe the effort will pay off in a more comprehensive deal between the two governments . `` Xie came to visit the US when the administration was still trying to figure out its standing on climate issues and it was without very much staff , '' said Smith . `` I do n't see this as a dead issue at all . I think it 's something you would consider still in process . ''
Everyone wants a movie star body , but few want to audition for their own starring roles .
A celebrity fitness trainer and nutritionist based in Holladay , Angela Martindale has trained stars such as Tom Hanks and Annette Bening . Martindale set up their own business in 2005 , Meals That Transform , preparing nutritious meals in their own home . Them business has expanded to a staff of 10 and reaches across various states .
Meals That Transform twice-weekly delivers fresh , customized meals made from Utah products . And the sugar , dairy , gluten and preservative-free meals are created specifically for each client . They offer 16-week programs that coincide with the seasonal changes .
Martindale 's company also offers organic protein shakes and power bars with no added sugars . “ Processed sugar is the worst thing you can put into your body . It leaches calcium out of bones and causes aging . ”
Visit www.mealsthattransform.com or www.iamangelamartindale.com to view more nutritional tips and workouts .
There are tough pills to swallow and then there is what happened to the Florida State baseball team in its opening game of the College World Series .
FSU , which led nearly the entire game against LSU from the second at-bat through to the bottom of the eighth inning , squandered multiple chances at the plate to pad its lead while showing its true colors in the end , blowing a golden opportunity to advance into the winner 's bracket of the College World Series after a 5-4 loss to the Tigers .
What allowed FSU to lead nearly the entire game and what ended up costing them in the end ? Let 's take a look :
Three up
1 . The top of the Florida State order led the Seminoles ' production at the plate .
That started from the very beginning as FSU shortstop Taylor Walls led off the game with a walk before third baseman Dylan Busby destroyed a ball to straightaway center for a two-run home run .
The next time around , Walls led off the third with a double to right . They were promptly knocked in , again by Busby , who had FSU 's first three RBI .
Combined , Walls and Busby were 3-7 with a homer , a double , three walks , three RBIs and all four of FSU 's runs , leading by example while showing why they were both top 100 draft picks in this week 's MLB Draft .
2 . Part of FSU 's success at the plate can be attributed to the Seminoles knack for getting leadoff batters on base .
In all , FSU got its first batter of the inning on base in eight of its nine innings at the plate . That runner , who was Walls in each of these situations , came around to score in each of the three innings in which the Seminoles scored a run .
Still , many of these prime chances went wanting and came back to hurt FSU in the end .
3 . FSU ace Tyler Holton hardly had their best stuff in FSU 's CWS opener . LSU had them gameplanned about as well as any team I have seen prepare for them this season and it showed as they were hit hard throughout their outing .
As aces do , though , they stayed in and battled .
They worked into the eighth inning having allowed three runs on six hits to a very talented LSU lineup . Then , due to a mix of poor fielding ( which will be discussed below , believe me ) and maybe staying in the game a smidge too long , Holton 's outing ended with them in line for the loss .
Although not up to their best , Holton hardly deserved to be tagged with the loss . They countered common pitching logic , getting better as the game progressed while
Three down
1 . FSU 's team fielding percentage of .971 was the lowest of the eight-team field heading into the College World Series .
This does n't tell the whole story of the Seminoles ' defense this season , though .
Of late , FSU 's defense had been much improved , with the Seminoles even putting together a stretch of 56 error-free innings near the end of the regular season .
That being said , with the nation watching FSU 's CWS opener in primetime , an all-too-familiar sight occurred as the Seminoles ' defense collapsed .
Of LSU 's five runs , two were scored inexplicably from first base .
In the first inning , just after Busby staked FSU to a 2-0 lead , catcher Cal Raleigh let a third strike bounce away from him , allowing the batter to take first on a dropped third strike .
But that only tells the beginning of this story . Raleigh bobbled the ball so drastically that the runner who started the play at first and was running on the play rounded third and came around to score thanks to Holton not covering home plate .
The second and more egregious mistake came in the eighth inning . With a runner on first again and the Seminoles leading 4-3 , a single to right was fumbled by right fielder Steven Wells Jr. , allowing both runners to move up to second and third . Then , Wells ' throw in was off target and the runner on third took off for home . Busby fielded the ball and threw home in plenty of time to get the out at home , preserving FSU 's lead , but the throw was dropped again by Raleigh , allowing the tying run to score .
It 's one of the most ridiculous baseball sequences I have ever seen and it perfectly summarizes FSU baseball in Omaha .
Death by a thousand self-inflicted cuts .
2 . For as strong as FSU 's offensive showing was in some ways , the Seminoles squandered a number of prime opportunities to pad their lead and really put the pressure on LSU .
The Seminoles ended the fifth , sixth , and seventh innings at the plate with a double play .
Across the nine innings , FSU was 4-21 with runners on base ( .190 ) and 2-8 ( .250 ) with runners in scoring position . This led to the Seminoles stranding seven runners on base .
3 . It 's hard not to view the FSU ninth inning as Mike Martin hitting the panic button .
After a leadoff single by Matt Henderson , Martin elected to pinch hit Nick Derr for Wells . Now , Wells is hardly a power bat at the plate , but Derr had struggled mightily since the beginning of the ACC schedule , hitting .140 in conference play ( 8-57 ) .
Perhaps the move was to bunt , but it was n't and Derr watched strike three . One out .
Then , Martin brought in another pinch hitter , Kyle Cavanaugh for center fielder JC Flowers . Flowers has been a massive slump of late , sure , but it was Cavanaugh 's 21st at-bat of the season . To decide to pinch hit someone who was a non-factor through most of the season facing a one-run deficit in the top of the ninth inning of the College World Series is an highly questionable decision .
Cavanaugh struck out and , just like that , FSU had racked up two outs behind batters who were not prepared for the stage they were thrust onto .
With the loss , FSU now has the tall task of playing out of the loser 's bracket of an extremely talented field .
It begins Monday at 2 PM with an elimination game against Cal State Fullerton . Should FSU win that one , it will have to take down the loser of Monday 's LSU/Oregon State game on Wednesday , and then would have to beat the winner of that winner 's bracket game twice in a row .
Yes , this team has done well with its back against the wall this year , but this test will be the toughest the Seminoles have faced all season .
You 've been counting down until the launch of Halo 4 for quite some time now . While you have it down to the weeks , days , and hours until the release , you 're still craving more information on the game to hold you over .
That 's where we come in , as we have the official achievements for Halo 4 . While you have to wait until November to get your hands on the game , you can salivate over the achievements to figure out how you 'll unlock them . We do warn you , however , that you may encounter a few spoilers if you do continue to view them .
Continue viewing below for the official achievements for Halo 4 .
Dawn
Complete Mission 1 on any difficulty . ( 10 points )
Requiem
Complete Mission 2 on any difficulty . ( 10 points )
Forerunner
Complete Mission 3 on any difficulty . ( 10 points )
Infinity
Complete Mission 4 on any difficulty . ( 10 points )
Reclaimer
Complete Mission 5 on any difficulty . ( 10 points )
Shutdown
Complete Mission 6 on any difficulty . ( 10 points )
Composer
Complete Mission 7 on any difficulty . ( 10 points )
Midnight
Complete Mission 8 on any difficulty . ( 10 points )
Wake up John
Complete the Campaign on Normal or harder . ( 20 points )
I Need a Hero
Complete the Campaign on Heroic or harder . ( 40 points )
The Legend of 117
Complete the Campaign on Legendary difficulty . ( 70 points )
Lone Wolf Legend
Complete the Campaign solo on Legendary difficulty . ( 90 points )
Skullduggery
Complete any Campaign mission with 3 or more Skulls on Heroic or harder . ( 15 points )
Bropocalypse
Complete any Campaign mission co-operatively on Heroic or harder . ( 10 points )
Bromageddon
Complete the Campaign co-operatively on Heroic or harder . ( 40 points )
Contact the Domain
Find a Terminal in the Campaign . ( 10 points )
Terminus
Find all of the Terminals in the Campaign . ( 50 points )
Digging up the Past
In Mission 1 , find and access Chief 's record . ( 20 points )
Midnight Launch
In Mission 2 , get significant air in the Warthog at midnight . ( 20 points )
This is my Rifle , this is my Gun
In Mission 3 , carry a UNSC weapon all the way through on Heroic or harder . ( 20 points )
Bros to the Close
Make it through Mission 4 without one preventable Marine death on Heroic or harder . ( 20 points )
Mortardom
In Mission 5 , hijack a Wraith and use it to kill at least four enemy Wraiths on Heroic or harder . ( 20 points )
Explore the Floor
In Mission 6 , trick or force a Hunter to fall to their demise . ( 20 points )
Give Him the Stick
In Mission 7 in solo Campaign , take out both Hunters using only the Sticky Detonator . ( 20 points )
Chief , Smash !
In Mission 8 , kill 3 Crawlers in one hit with the Gravity Hammer . ( 20 points )
Not Some Recruit Anymore
Rank up your Spartan-IV to SR-5 . ( 15 points )
Movin ' on Up
Rank up your Spartan-IV to SR-20 . ( 30 points )
I < 3 Red vs Blue
Win 5 War Games matchmaking matches . ( 10 points )
The Dongblainer
Win 20 War Games matchmaking matches . ( 30 points )
Operation Completion
Complete a Spartan Ops Mission on any difficulty . ( 15 points )
A Legendary Episode
Complete all chapters in Spartan Ops Episode 1 on Legendary difficulty . ( 40 points )
Dedicated to Crimson
Complete all chapters in the first 5 episodes of Spartan Ops on any difficulty . ( 80 points )
Crimson Alone
Complete a Spartan Ops chapter solo on Legendary . ( 20 points )
Roses vs Violets
Find one of the RvB Easter Eggs in Spartan Ops . ( 20 points )
Rescue Ranger
Save at least one Marine in Chapter 3 of Episode 2 of Spartan Ops on Heroic or harder . ( 20 points )
Knight in White Assassination
Assassinate a Knight in any Spartan Ops mission . ( 20 points )
What Power Outage ?
Complete Chapter 4 , Episode 5 of Spartan Ops without losing a generator on Heroic or harder . ( 20 points )
No Easy Way Out
In Ch 1 , Ep 5 of Spartan Ops survive all enemy waves during the defense on Normal or harder . ( 20 points )
The Challenged
Complete a Challenge . ( 10 points )
The Challenger
Complete 25 Challenges . ( 20 points )
Armorer
Change your Spartan 's armor in the Spartan Armor card . ( 5 points )
Badge
Change your Emblem in the Spartan ID card . ( 5 points )
PWND
Change your Service Tag in the Spartan ID card . ( 5 points )
What a Poser !
Change your Spartan 's pose in the Spartan ID card . ( 5 points )
The Cartographer
Create and save a Custom Map in Forge . ( 5 points )
Game Changer
Create and save a Custom Game type in War Games . ( 5 points )
Snapshot !
Save a Screenshot from the Theater . ( 5 points )
The Director
Save a Film Clip from the Theater . ( 5 points )
Sharing is Caring
Upload a File to your File Share . ( 5 points )
What do you think about the official achievements for Halo 4 ? Do n't forget to secure your pre-order for the Xbox 360 exclusive ! Be sure to let us know what you think by leaving us a comment below , or discuss Halo 4 in our forums .
Original text by : Marina Belova
Trapunto embroidery technique , which produces an embossed effect , caught my attention long ago . Of course , I do n't mean the traditional trapunto , but its machine embroidery counterpart . There are numerous materials on the subject ; I 've studied them , as I usually do , and came to the conclusion that doing something like that was within my powers . Therefore , several days ago I decided to bring a small project to life .
The most encouraging thing for me were the numerous affirmations that for imitating the trapunto technique any simple redwork design will do .
So I chose an image , which seemed interesting for my purpose . I created a design ( 7421 stitches ) , expecting for the batting to produce a raised surface in places with no filling .
Then I proceeded with my project according to the instruction I 've found on the internet .
I chose ordinary calico for the right side , a piece of polyester batting 0,5 cm thick ( not the one used for quilting , I do n't have any , as do n't yet have the compelling reason to buy it ) and a tearaway stabilizer .
I hooped the following 'sandwich ' : a stabilizer , 2 layers of polyester batting , and calico :
I started the embroidery and the first thing I stitched was the outline , according to which I will then cut the batting on the wrong side . I chose the threads that contrasted the background , in order to see everything well .
Then I took the hoop off the machine and , having overturned it , began to cut the batting as close to the stitching as possible :
Having trimmed all the extra pieces I sprayed another layer of batting with a temporary spray adhesive and secured it on the wrong side of the hoop .
Then I inserted this hoop together with the batting into the machine and put a piece of stabilizer under it .
Then I embroidered the rest of the design :
The result turned out to be disappointing :
The upper thread was all in loops and the tension was difficult to adjust with such a thick basis ( fabric+polyester batting+stabilizer ) .
The design had shifted because of the insufficient stabilization .
There was no puffiness .
I had a sneaking suspicion that the chosen batting was a bit unsuitable for a design of this kind , which involved using the ordinary fabric , too . To be more precise it was entirely unsuitable . Plus , the design should be digitized in the other way .
After that , I decided to read some more on the subject . Therefore , my second attempt to seize the trapunto fortress began with :
Making the design simpler
Checking if the type of the fabric was suitable for my purpose in case I did n't have a proper quilting batting .
This time , I decided to make a simple design with a number of motif fills around the assumed puffy areas ( the stitch count here is higher than in the previous design , i.e . 13365 ) .
First , I decided to test this design on the same fabric , i.e . calico .
I hooped my 'sandwich ' : stabilizer , 1 layer of batting polyester ( the same as the last time ) , and calico .
Embroidered the design :
Trimmed the stabilizer on the wrong side .
The petals became a bit raised , but not sufficiently so :
At that point , I decided to check if my suspicions about my batting being unsuitable for this type of fabric were true and to embroider the same design on knitwear with other components — namely , the stabilizer , 1 layer of polyester batting ( the same as the last time ) , knitwear — remaining the same .
During the embroidery I begin to see the long-desired puffiness — the surface of the petals became raised :
This is how the ready embroidery looks when still in the hoop :
And this is the look from the side — the puffiness in petals has been achieved :
Hence the conclusion : all ordinary fabrics require special batting , as for the knitwear and other stretchy textiles any one would do .
You should choose the design with care . Judging by the machine embroidery design collections in the Western shops , they prefer simple designs for this particular technique . I think , there is a grain of truth in it .
But it is not always possible , and you have to experiment . But it is even intriguing .
CARSON , Calif. — The LA Galaxy 's weary warriors received some welcome news when they gathered Monday for a championship celebration with their fans : Their expected postseason tour of the Middle East was kaput .
Officially , the Galaxy did not identify a proposed itinerary for the trek , but they said there were several possibilities . MLS Cup MVP Omar Gonzalez revealed that a stop in Qatar was in the works . Another game in the United Arab Emirates also was expected .
WATCH : LA 's MLS Cup celebration
“ After careful consideration of multiple opportunities , we 've decided to forgo any potential postseason tour , ” vice president Chris Klein , a former Galaxy midfielder , said in a statement . “ Our players and coaches have gone above and beyond for our team , and we feel that capturing our second straight MLS Cup title is a fitting end to an historic year . ”
The Galaxy made postseason trips in four of David Beckham 's first five seasons with the team , skipping one only in 2009 . LA went to Australia and New Zealand in 2007 , New Zealand in 2008 , Australia in 2010 , and Indonesia , the Philippines and Australia last year .
The players learned the trek was off when they arrived at the Home Depot Center for a Monday fan celebration that drew about 3,000 to the facility 's tennis stadium .
“ There were n't too many tears shed over that announcement , ” defender Todd Dunivant said . “ It 's nice to go to these exotic places and spread the brand and play teams and play in places you 've never played before , but at the same time , it 's the end of the season and everyone 's ready for a break . I think that trip last season contributed to part of that haze [ over the first half of this year ] that we had so much trouble getting out of . ”
WATCH : MLS Cup postgame
The Galaxy won last year 's MLS Cup title on Nov. 20 and left a week later for three games in Asia and Australia , returning home after a Dec. 6 match in Melbourne . They opened camp on Jan. 22 this year .
Gonzalez said he 'd have to find something to do over the next couple of weeks , that they were “ planning on going to Qatar . ”
The news means Beckham 's last game with the Galaxy really was Saturday 's MLS Cup title game victory over the Houston Dynamo .
“ It 's always nice to go on a trip like that , ” captain Landon Donovan said , “ but the other side of the coin is it can wear you out a little bit more . I think we 're all glad that we can just relax a little bit and enjoy the victory a little more . ”
Scott French covers the LA Galaxy for MLSsoccer.com
Alzheimer 's disease is a progressive brain disease that eventually strips sufferers of their ability to remember , communicate and live independently . By 2050 , it is projected to affect nearly 14 million Americans and their families , with an economic cost of one trillion dollars – more than the estimated combined total for treating heart disease and cancer .
Of the leading causes of death in America , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that we currently can not prevent , cure or even stall . Our latest research seeks to change this situation by providing a better understanding of the environmental causes and mechanisms behind the disease .
Our findings lead us to conclude that outdoor air pollution , in the form of tiny particles released from power plants and automobiles that seep into our lungs and blood , could nearly double the dementia risk in older women . If our results are applicable to the general population , fine particulate pollution in the ambient air may be responsible for about one out of every five cases of dementia .
This study , the first to combine human epidemiologic investigation with animal experiments , adds to a growing body of research from around the world that links air pollution to dementia . It also provides the first scientific evidence that a critical Alzheimer 's risk gene , APOE4 , interacts with air particles to accelerate brain aging .
Where there 's smoke
Previous research at the University of Southern California has already established that air pollution accelerates the risk of having a heart attack . Based on this work , we established the AirPollBrain Group to examine whether and how exposure to fine particulate matter – known as PM2.5 because the particles measure 2.5 micrometers or fewer in diameter – impacts the aging brain .
We designed this study to answer three broad questions . First , we wanted to know whether older people living in locations with higher levels of outdoor PM2.5 have an increased risk for cognitive impairment , especially dementia . We also wanted to know whether people who carry the high-risk gene for Alzheimer 's disease , APOE4 , are more sensitive to the damage potentially caused by long-term exposure to PM2.5 in the air .
Our third question was whether similar findings could be observed with controlled exposures to particles in mice modified to carry human Alzheimer 's disease genes . If we found similar effects in mice , it could shed light on possible mechanisms underlying what is happening in human brains .
We focused on older women and female mice because APOE4 confers a greater Alzheimer 's disease risk in women than in men .
Human subjects
For the human epidemiologic study component , we collaborated with investigators from the Women 's Health Initiative Memory Study , or WHIMS , which followed a large group of older women nationwide , starting in the late 1990s when these women were 65 to 79 years old but did not have dementia or any significant cognitive impairment .
We combined EPA monitoring data and air quality simulations to build a mathematical model that allowed us to estimate the everyday outdoor PM2.5 level in various locations where these women lived from 1999 through 2010 . Because the WHIMS followed its study participants very closely , we were able to gather detailed information on other factors that may affect an individual 's risk for dementia , such as smoking , exercise , body mass index , hormone therapy and other clinical risk factors like diabetes and heart disease . This allowed us to account for these other factors and better isolate the effects of air pollution exposure .
We found that women exposed to higher levels of PM2.5 had faster rates of cognitive decline and a higher risk of developing dementia . Older women living in places where PM2.5 levels exceeded the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's standard had an 81 percent greater risk of global cognitive decline and were 92 percent more likely to develop dementia , including Alzheimer 's . This environmental risk raised by long-term PM2.5 exposure was two to three times higher among older women with two copies of the APOE4 gene , compared with women who had only the background genetic risk with no APOE4 gene .
Mouse models
For the laboratory studies , we exposed female mice with Alzheimer genes to nano-sized air pollution for 15 weeks . The air particle collection technology , invented by our colleague Constantinos Sioutas from USC 's Viterbi School of Engineering , collects air particles from the edge of USC 's campus as a representative air sample from urban areas .
The experimental data showed that mice systematically exposed to this particulate matter accumulated larger deposits of proteins called beta-amyloid in their brains . In humans , beta-amyloid is considered as a pathological driver of neurodegeneration and is a major target of therapeutic interventions to prevent the onset of Alzheimer 's or slow its progress . Similar to our epidemiologic observation in older women , these effects were stronger for APOE4 female mice , which are predisposed to Alzheimer 's disease .
Future studies
Our future studies will look at whether these findings also apply to men , and whether any drugs under development may provide protection against air pollution exposure . More work is also needed to confirm a causal relationship and to understand how air pollution enters and harms the brain .
Brain aging from exposure to air pollution may start at development , so we also want to look at early life exposure to air pollution in relation to Alzheimer 's disease . We already know that obesity and diabetes are Alzheimer 's risk factors . We also know that children who live closer to freeways tend to be more obese , an effect that is compounded if adults in the household are smokers .
Based on existing mouse models , one would predict that developmental exposure to air pollution could increase risk for Alzheimer 's disease . This is an important piece of the scientific puzzle that we 'd like to better understand .
Air pollution , public health and policies
Air pollution knows no borders . This gives our study global implications that should be taken seriously by policymakers and public health officials .
The Clean Air Act requires the Environmental Protection Agency to develop National Ambient Air Quality Standards that provide an adequate margin of safety to protect sensitive populations , such as children and the elderly . In 2012 the EPA tightened the U.S. standard for PM2.5 . Nonetheless , in 2015 nearly 24 million people lived in counties that still had unhealthful year-round levels of particle pollution , and over 41 million lived in counties that experienced short-term pollution spikes .
Recent studies have shown that the prevalence of dementia in the United States declined between 2000 and 2012 . However , we do n't know whether this trend is connected to air pollution regulations , or if exposures to lower levels of PM2.5 in recent years still pose some degree of long-term threat to older Americans , especially those at risk for dementia .
If long-term PM2.5 exposure indeed increases the risk for dementia , this would imply that public health organizations are underestimating the already large disease burden and health care costs associated with air pollution . For instance , the World Health Organization 's latest assessment of the global burden of disease caused by PM2.5 does not include dementia . Air pollution levels are much higher in India , China and many other developing nations than U.S. levels .
Similarly , EPA has estimated that the Clean Air Act will provide almost US $ 2 trillion in benefits between 1990 and 2020 , much of it from reduced deaths and illnesses . If there is a connection between particulate pollution and dementia , the Clean Air Act may be providing even larger benefits than EPA 's estimate .
The U.S. National Plan to Address Alzheimer 's Disease , which was mandated by legislation enacted in 2011 , aims to prevent or effectively treat Alzheimer 's disease by 2025 . We believe any measures that undermine EPA 's operation or loosen clear air regulations will have unintended consequences that will make it challenging to meet this goal .
Not a chnace .
Soros/Schwartz is protected by the DC Swamp and its goon squads -- FBI , CIA , NWO , Fed , etc .
They are only good for spying on us and protecting warmongers .
They ca n't even manage Hellish 's emails .
They are even better at sending out their wet workers to kill Americans who get too close to their false flags .
Soros/Schwarz is smart enough to cut them in on the goods .
After all , they got their start working for the Nazis by selling stolen Jewish property , and they have still managed to placate all the Jewish groups ever on the seach for a wayward Nazi , even though they know very well what they did .
The whole victim racket is a mental illness .
If they can not function without being possessed with thoughts of events long ago , they should be viewed as ill .
If they want to remain trapped in the past in a time machine of their own making , fair enough .
There is no reason the rest of us should heed their psychosis and try to live by it .
But that means that they are mentally unfit for managing people in small groups , controlling people in large groups , and justifying the destruction of property .
All they are good for is warping information and making trouble , like many people who suffer from mental illness .
The victim groups should be referred to by their rightful name -- Bolsheviks .
Doctors treating a woman for stomach pain were shocked to find a very unlikely cause for it - a potato inside their vagina .
The 22-year-old woman , from Colombia , was advised by their mother to use the technique to avoid becoming pregnant .
But by the time doctors discovered the potato , it had apparently germinated and grown roots inside them
Scroll down for video
The woman , from Colombia , was advised by their mother to use the potato to avoid becoming pregnant
The story was covered by Colombia Reports , a large news website in the country .
It claims the unnamed woman told doctors : 'My mum told me that if I did n't want to get pregnant , I should put a potato up there , and I believed her . '
The discovery was made when the woman , from the central Colombian town of Honda , went to hospital complaining of abdominal pains .
When a nurse examined her , they found roots from the potato that had grown .
However after removing it , doctors confirmed there would be no lasting damage to the woman 's health .
Medical staff at the hospital have criticised the woman 's mother for the terrible contraceptive advice .
The bizarre case sheds light on a lack of sex education , despite it being mandatory in the South American country .
Research conducted by the Colombian Institute of Family Welfare - to try and reduce high levels of teenage pregnancy - found a startling lack of awareness about contraception in young people .
Girls are often pressured into having unsafe sex , the campaign found .
Maria Eugenia Rosselli , the Colombian Ministry of Education sociologist was reported said the lack of 'sex talk ' between young people and their parents had created a void of information .
This , in turn , had created high levels of sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies .
Foam created by the agitation of seawater
Sea foam washed up or blown onto a beach
Sea foam , ocean foam , beach foam , or spume is a type of foam created by the agitation of seawater , particularly when it contains higher concentrations of dissolved organic matter ( including proteins , lignins , and lipids ) derived from sources such as the offshore breakdown of algal blooms . [ 1 ] These compounds can act as surfactants or foaming agents . As the seawater is churned by breaking waves in the surf zone adjacent to the shore , the surfactants under these turbulent conditions trap air , forming persistent bubbles that stick to each other through surface tension . Sea foam is a global phenomenon [ 1 ] and it varies depending on location and the potential influence of the surrounding marine , freshwater , and/or terrestrial environments . [ 2 ] Due to its low density and persistence , foam can be blown by strong on-shore winds from the beach face inland .
Formation [ edit ]
Connection between sea foam and sea spray formation . The dark orange line indicates processes common to the formation of both sea spray and sea foam .
Sea foam is formed under conditions that are similar to the formation of sea spray . One of the main distinctions from sea spray formation is the presence of higher concentrations of dissolved organic matter from macrophytes and phytoplankton . The dissolved organic matter in the surface water , which can be derived from the natural environment or human-made sources , provides stability to the resulting sea foam . [ 3 ] The physical processes that contribute to sea foam formation are breaking surface waves , bubble entrainment , and whitecap formation . Breaking of surface waves injects air from the atmosphere into the water column , leading to bubble creation . These bubbles get transported around the top few meters of the surface ocean due to their buoyancy . The smallest bubbles entrained in the water column dissolve entirely leading to higher ratios of dissolved gases in the surface ocean . The bubbles that do not dissolve eventually make it back to the surface . As they rise , these bubbles accumulate hydrophobic substances . Presence of dissolved organic matter stabilizes the bubbles , aggregating together as sea foam . [ 1 ] Some studies on sea foam report that breaking of algal cells in times of heavy swells makes sea foam production more likely . [ 3 ]
Falling rain drops on the sea surface can also contribute to sea foam formation and destruction . [ 4 ] There have been some non-mechanistic studies demonstrating increased sea foam formation due to high rainfall events . [ 2 ] Turbulence in the surface mixed layer can affect the concentration of dissolved organic matter and aids in the formation of nutrient-dense foam . [ 5 ]
Composition [ edit ]
Sea foam usually contains a mixture of decomposed organic materials
The composition of sea foam is generally a mixture of decomposed organic materials , including zooplankton , phytoplankton , algae ( including diatoms [ 6 ] ) , bacteria , fungi , protozoans , and vascular plant detritus , [ 5 ] though each occurrence of sea foam varies in its specific contents . In some areas , sea foam is found to be made up of primarily protein , dominant in both fresh and old foam , as well as lipids and carbohydrates . The high protein and low carbohydrate concentration suggest that sugars originally present in the surrounding mucilage created by algae or plant matter has been quickly consumed by bacteria . [ 3 ] Additional research has shown that a small fraction of the dry weight in sea foam is organic carbon , which contains phenolics , sugars , amino sugars , and amino acids . In the Bay of Fundy , high mortality rates of an abundant tube-dwelling amphipod ( Corophium volutator ) by natural die-offs as well as predation by migrating seabirds contributed to amino sugars released in the surrounding environment and thus , in sea foam . [ 5 ]
The organic matter in sea foam has been found to increase dramatically during phytoplankton blooms in the area . [ 7 ] Some research has shown very high concentrations of microplankton in sea foam , with significantly higher numbers of autotrophic phytoplankton than heterotrophs [ 6 ] Some foams are particularly rich in their diatom population which can make up the majority of the microalgal biomass in some cases . [ 6 ] A diversity of bacteria is also present in sea foam ; old foam tends to have a higher density of bacteria . One study found that 95 % of sea foam bacteria was rod-shaped , while the surrounding surface water contained mostly coccoid-form bacteria and only 5 % - 10 % rod-shaped bacteria . [ 3 ] There is also seasonal variability of sea foam composition ; [ 5 ] in some regions there is a seasonal occurrence of pollen in sea foam which can alter its chemistry . [ 2 ] Though foam is not inherently toxic , it may contain high concentrations of contaminants . [ 1 ] Foam bubbles can be coated with or contain these materials which can include petroleum compounds , pesticides , and herbicides . [ 1 ]
Longevity and stability [ edit ]
Structurally , sea foam is thermodynamically unstable , though some sea foam can persist in the environment for several days at most . There are two types of sea foam categorized based on their stability : 1 ) Unstable or transient foams have very short lifetimes of only seconds . The bubbles formed in sea foam may burst releasing aerosols into the air , contributing to sea spray . 2 ) Metastable foams can have a lifetime of several hours to several days ; their duration is sometimes attributed to small particles of silica , calcium , or iron which contribute to foam stability and longevity . [ 1 ] Additionally , seawater that contains released dissolved organic material from phytoplankton and macrophytic algae that is then agitated in its environment is most likely to produce stable , longer-lasting foam when compared with seawater lacking one of those components . For example , filtered seawater with added with the fronds of the kelp , Ecklonia maxima , produced foam but it lacked the stability that unfiltered seawater provided . Additionally , kelp fronds that were maintained in flowing water therefore reducing their mucus coating , were unable to help foam form . [ 3 ] Different types of salt are also found to have varying effects on bubble proximity within sea foam , therefore contributing to its stability . [ 1 ]
Ecological role [ edit ]
Food source [ edit ]
The presence of sea foam in the marine environment plays a number of ecological roles including providing sources of food and creating habitat . As a food source , sea foam with a stable composition is more important ecologically , as it is able to persist longer and can transport nutrients within the marine environment . [ 3 ] Longer decay times result in a higher chance that energy contained in sea foam will move up the food web into higher trophic levels . [ 3 ] In the Bay of Fundy for example , a tube-dwelling amphipod , Corophium volutator , can potentially attain 70 % of its nutritional requirements from the sugars and amino acids derived from sea foam in its environment . At times however , the sea foam was found to be toxic to this species . It is thought that high concentrations of phenolics and/or the occasional presence of heavy metals or pesticides incorporated into the sea foam from the sea surface contributed to its toxicity . [ 5 ] On the west coast of Cape Peninsula , South Africa , sea foam often occurs in nearshore marine areas with large kelp beds during periods of strong westerly winds . It is thought that the foam generated in these conditions is an important food source for local organisms due to the presence of organic detritus in the sea foam . [ 3 ]
Material transport [ edit ]
Sea foam also acts as a mode of transport for both organisms and nutrients within the marine environment and , at times , into the intertidal or terrestrial environments . Wave action can deposit foam into intertidal areas where it can remain when the tide recedes , bringing nutrients to the intertidal zone . [ 5 ] Additionally , sea foam can become airborne in windy conditions , transporting materials between marine and terrestrial environments . [ 2 ] The ability of sea foam to transport materials is also thought to benefit macroalgal organisms , as macroalgae propagules can be carried to different microenvironments , thus influencing the tidal landscape and contributing to new possible ecological interactions . [ 8 ] As sea foam is a wet environment , it is conducive habitat to algal spores where propagules can attach to the substrate and avoid risk of dissemination . [ 8 ] When sea foam contains fungi , it can also aid in the decomposition of plant and animal remains in coastal ecosystems . [ 2 ]
Habitat [ edit ]
Additionally , sea foam is a habitat for a number of marine microorganisms . Some research has shown the presence of various microphytoplanktonic , nanophytoplanktonic , and diatom groups in seafoam ; the phytoplankton groups appeared in significantly higher abundance than in sea surface film and the top pelagic zone [ 6 ]
Hazards [ edit ]
Toxicity [ edit ]
Naturally occurring sea foam is not inherently toxic ; however , it can be exposed to high concentrations of contaminants in the surface microlayer derived from the breakdown of algal blooms , fossil fuel production and transport , and stormwater runoff . [ 1 ] These contaminants contribute to the formation of noxious sea foam through adsorption onto bubbles . Bubbles may burst and release toxins into the atmosphere in the form of sea spray or aerosol , or they may persist in foams . Toxins released through aerosols and breaking bubbles can be inhaled by humans . The microorganisms that occupy sea foams as habitat have increased susceptibility for contaminant exposure . [ 9 ] Consequently , these toxic substances can be integrated into the trophic food web . [ 1 ]
Harmful algal blooms [ edit ]
Foams can form following the degradation of harmful algal blooms ( HABs ) . These are primarily composed of algal species , but can also consist of dinoflagellates and cyanobacteria . [ 10 ] Biomass from algae in the bloom is integrated into sea foam in the sea surface microlayer . [ 8 ] When the impacted sea foam breaks down , toxins from the algae are released into the air causing respiratory issues and occasionally initiating asthma attacks . [ 11 ] Phaeocystis globosa is one algal species that is considered problematic , as observed in a study in the Netherlands . [ 10 ] Its high biomass accumulation allows it to create large quantities of toxic foam that often wash onto beaches . P. globosa blooms are initiated in areas of high nutrient availability , often affiliated with coastal locations with a lot of stormwater runoff and eutrophication . Studies suggest that the development of foam is directly correlated to blooms caused by P. globosa , despite that foam formation typically occurs approximately two weeks after the appearance of an algal bloom offshore . Organic material from P. globosa was observed decomposing while suspended at the sea surface , but was not observed lower in the water column . P. globosa is also considered a nuisance species because its large foam formations impair the public 's ability to enjoy the beach . [ 10 ]
Human activities [ edit ]
While sea foam is a common result of the agitation of seawater mixing with organic material in the surface ocean , human activities can contribute to the production of excess and often toxic foam . [ 1 ] In addition to the organic oils , acids , and proteins that amass in the sea surface microlayer , compounds derived from petroleum production and transport , synthetic surfactants , and pesticide use can enter the sea surface and be incorporated into foam . The pollutants present can also affect the persistence of the foam produced . Crude oil discharged from tankers , motor oil , sewage , and detergents from polluted runoff can create longer-lasting foams . [ 1 ] In one study , polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) , a persistent organic pollutant , were found to amass in sea foams . [ 9 ]
Natural gas terminals have been cited as contributors to the production of modified foams due to the process of using seawater to convert natural gas to liquified natural gas . [ 12 ] One study showed a much greater abundance of heterotrophic prokaryotes ( archaea and bacteria ) and cyanobacteria in foam that was generated near a liquified natural gas terminal . These prokaryotes were able to recycle chemical materials discharged from the terminal , which enhanced microbial growth . Additionally , higher levels of total organic carbon ( TOC ) and plankton biomass were recorded in foam generated in close proximity to the terminal . Organic carbon was transferred readily into the pelagic food web after uptake by prokaryotes and ingestion by grazers . [ 12 ]
Notable occurrences [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Mars One , a nonprofit organization based in the Netherlands , intends to establish a human settlement on Mars in 2023 .
They need astronauts .
Anyone on planet Earth can apply if they meet the basic requirements . But obviously , the job is n't for just anyone .
Today , Mars One released its application criteria . Among other virtues , astronaut candidates must have `` a deep sense of purpose , willingness to build and maintain healthy relationships , the capacity for self-reflection and ability to trust . They must be resilient , adaptable , curious , creative and resourceful . '' And be at least 18 years old ( no maximum age has been set ) .
The selection process will begin during the first half of 2013 . Mars One experts and viewers of a `` global , televised program '' – think reality TV where the prize could be a trip to a dry , dusty world – will choose from among the applications . Those ultimately selected will be assembled into teams of four . At least six teams are supposed to be ready to launch in September 2022 . But only one team will make the first trip to the Red Planet , and that team will be decided democratically .
`` The people of Earth will have a vote which group of four will be the first Earth ambassadors on Mars , '' the Mars One website says . Subsequent teams will be sent in two-year intervals .
At least eight years of training will be provided before launch , including simulated missions , practice in a restricted mobility environment , and lessons in electronics , equipment repair , basic and critical medical care . In 2016 , the company plans to begin rocketing supplies to Mars , including spare parts , two rovers , and living units that can be assembled into a base once humans arrive .
But it 's a one-way trip for all involved : Once on Mars , there 's no coming back .
Video : Mars One
You 're in a public place — say a restaurant or a doctor 's waiting room — and it 's taking longer to get your food or have your name called than you expected . Your toddler is starting to get restless . And cranky . Real cranky . She 's whining and teetering on the edge of a crying fit , and the other folks around you are glancing over with irritated , disapproving looks .
You do n't have any toys or books on you , making it extremely tempting to just shove your smartphone into your tyke 's pudgy little hands to instantly shut off the waterworks .
But , the idea that you should turn to your phone whenever you feel unhappy or bored is not exactly the kind of lesson you want to teach her ; you want them to grow up to be able to entertain herself , absent a technological device . So you think about busting out some pen and paper games like hangman or tic-tac-toe , but she 's preliterate and only understands strategy in terms of figuring out how to poop so no one sees them
What to do ?
Well , with a few completely accoutrement-free games in your metaphorical back pocket , you can easily improvise some games that 'll keep your little one happy and engaged before their chicken nuggets finally arrive . Here are 9 fun , brain-boosting ideas to keep on deck ; some work better depending on age and ability , many can be modified to meet your toddler 's level of cognition ( which is right around that of a golden retriever ) , and some will be equally enjoyed by the preschooler set on up . Experiment and see what captures your kiddos ' attention .
1 . Name That Tune
Hum a familiar song ( “ Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star , ” “ Old McDonald , ” etc . ) , and see if your child can identity and name it .
2 . What 's Missing ?
This is a great one to do at the table at a restaurant . Take a few objects — a fork , spoon , and sugar packet , for example — and tell your kid to take a careful look at the collection . Then cover the items with a napkin , and remove one of the items without them being able to see which one ( lift the end of the napkin nearest you for cover as you withdraw the item ) . Now remove the napkin altogether , and ask your child to name which item is missing .
3. Who Am I ?
Pick an animal , and then let your kid ask questions to try to get at your identity . E.g. , “ Do you roar ? ” “ Do you live somewhere cold or hot ? ” “ Are you furry ? ”
4 . Touch Something That Is… .
Ask your child if they can touch something that is X color . “ Can you touch something that is red ? ” “ Can you touch something blue ? ” They can touch anything within their reach — the table , them clothes , your clothes , etc . If it 's someplace where they can walk around without bothering other people , you can make the game mobile .
5 . Shape Hunt
Ask your children if they can see anything in their environment with a certain shape . “ What do you see that 's a circle ? ” “ What do you see that 's a triangle ? ”
6 . I Spy
Classic entertainment that 's good for the slightly older kid who 's able to process the idea behind this guessing game . Pick an object both you and your kid can see , and then say , “ I spy something , and it 's ____. ” If your child has a basic understanding of the alphabet and a modest vocabulary , fill in the blank with a letter . “ I spy something , and it begins with the letter C. ” It can help to sound it out : “ Ca-Ca-Ca. ” For the preliterate set who knows only their colors or shapes , substitute those categories instead . You can also describe the objects ' properties : “ I spy something , and it 's rough and scaly/smooth and shiny . ”
7 . What Is Different ?
You do need a pencil and paper for this , but that should n't be a problem since like all great men in history , you 've adopted the habit of carrying a pocket notebook with you . Divide a piece of paper into a quadrant . In three squares , draw the same shapes/pictures/pattern . In the fourth square , draw something different . So for example , you could draw dogs in three of the squares and a cat in the fourth , or a triangle in three of the squares , and a square in another . Have your kid point to the panel that differs from the rest . The more advanced your child , the harder you can make it ; try doing 5 circles in three of the squares , and 6 in the fourth , or different patterns like XXOOXX in three squares , and XXOXX in the fourth .
8 . Simple Riddles
Come up with easy riddles for your child to solve . For example : “ I have four legs and am covered in fluffy white wool . What I am ? ” or “ I 'm shaped like a circle , I have two hands , and numbers all around me . What am I ? ”
9 . Hidden in the Hand
Let your kid see your open , empty hands . Then put an object like a coin in one of your hands and close both of them . Put you hands behind your back and switch the object back and forth between them . Bring your closed hands back in front of you , and ask your child to guess in which one the object is .
Ideas found in The Toddler Activities Book
The Problem
I recently encountered a problem which , while easy to define , was deceptively hard to solve
The problem went as follows . Given an integer N , and a substring S. How many binary strings of length N are there , that contain S ?
So , for example , if asked How many binary strings of length 3 are there , that contain 11 ? , the answer would be 3 .
011 110 and 111 .
The 5 strings excluded being .
000 , 001 010 , 100 and 101
Why not just run through all the strings ?
A first thought might be to try all the strings of length N , and then check which strings contain S. It would n't take long for a computer to generate all the strings if N is < = ~20 , but after that you 'll find that every time N increases , the time required more than doubles .
This comes from the fact that there are 2^n binary strings of length N , so if asked to generate all the strings of length 100 , you would need to generate over 1 billion billion billion strings . Or more visibly , over 1000000000000000000000000000000 strings
And then for each of those strings you would need to check if they contained S , which is another multiplier on how long it will take
In general this approach has complexity O ( 2^N N )
How to check if a string contains S
If we take a step back from this problem , we might find something we can use . Lets consider , if we were given a string , how would we decide if it contains S .
You might try each position in the string , and check if there is a copy of S starting from that position , which for most strings is a simple and effective method
Someone who 's looking for a little more efficiency could employ an industry standard algorithm , such as KMP , which would work much faster
However there is a more interesting approach , Theoretical computer scientists will be familiar with concepts known as DFA 's . Often studied but seldom used in day to day problems . They are an important backbone to many useful things , such as regex .
The DFA ( Deterministic Finite Automaton )
For those unfamiliar with DFA 's , do n't let the name scare you off , they 're relatively simple machines that take in a string at one end and output YES or NO at the other end .
They 're constructed from a system of states and transitions , where each state has a transition saying where you should go next if you read a certain character . These are often represented as a system of circles and arrows , the circles represent the states , and the arrows the transitions .
The machine begins in the start state , and for each subsequent character it moves to the state indicated by the transition arrow . Whenever you reach the end of the string , you 'll finish in some state . Each state has a flag saying whether it is a YES ( accept ) state or a NO ( reject ) state . I 'll not go into depth on their structure here as only the basic idea is required for this problem .
For example here is a DFA to tell you if a binary string contains an even number of 0s
You start in the left hand state , if you read a 1 you stay where you are , and if you read a 0 you swap to the other state , this continues until the end of your string , If you are in the “ accept ” state , ( the left state ) the DFA accepts the string and you know the string has an even number of 0s , otherwise it rejects and your string has an odd number of 0s
A particularly interesting property of DFAs for us is that you can construct a DFA that can tell you if a string contains a certain substring S. And importantly , if the substring S has length M , then the DFA only needs M+1 states .
Here is the DFA to detect if a string contains “ 11 ” , as given by the above example
If you put in a string , and it ends in the last state , the string contains “ 11 ” As you can see the DFA has 3 states , which is 1 more than the length of “ 11 ”
I wo n't cover the algorithm for constructing these DFA 's here , but it is included in the source code and is order O ( M )
Re-framing the question
Now that we have a directed graph representing the computation of whether a string contains a substring S , the question of “ How many strings contain S ” becomes “ How many ways can we get from the start state of the graph to the end ” .
Unfortunately the graph is directed , but it is not acyclic , so there are infinite ways to get the end node from the start node . But of course we 're not interested in every possible way to get from the start to the end , we 're only interested in how we can get there in exactly N steps .
We can reformulate our approach as a recursive function . If f ( s , x ) is the number of ways to get to the end state from the state s , in exactly x steps then intuitively you can formulate f ( s , x ) as
f ( s , x ) = f ( d ( s,0 ) , x-1 ) + f ( d ( s,1 ) , x-1 )
where d ( s , A ) is the state you get by following the arrow for A from state s .
This follows from the fact that the number of ways to get to the end from a given state is the sum of the number of ways of getting to the end if you go down each edge , in our case each state has an edge for a 0 and an edge for a 1
The base case of our recursive function is
f ( s,0 ) = 1 if we are at the end state and 0 otherwise
Our function now looks like this
int count ( int u , int n ) { if ( n==0 ) // Base case , M is our final state return u==M ; return count ( dfa [ u ] [ 0 ] , n-1 ) + count ( dfa [ u ] [ 1 ] , n-1 ) ; }
How fast is this approach ?
Now that we have a formula to calculate , we can analyse it 's efficiency . If we take our formula at face value , each function evaluation results in 2 more calls , which results in a recursive tree of depth N. Therefore if we just try to evaluate the function written above we get an approach that is O ( 2^N ) , not much better than the brute force approach given above .
So have we gained anything be re-framing the question at all ? Lets look closer at the function .
Achieving polynomial time
The function takes 2 inputs , the state , and the number of remaining characters . If we have M states and N characters , there can be MxN possible different function calls , this is much less than 2^N for all inputs with more than 4 characters , so this means we must be recalculating the same functions multiple times .
For example , if our question is “ How many strings of length 10 contain 10101 as a substring ” , M = 6 and N = 10 . Therefore we can have at most 60 different functions that need to be evaluated , but 2^10 = 1024 , much more than 60 , therefore we are recalculating functions we 've already calculated at least 964 times . Can we eliminate these wasteful calls ?
Notice that these functions are mathematically pure , i.e f ( s , x ) is always the same for the same s and x . So if we have already calculated the function , is there any reason to recalculate it again ? Ca n't we just save the answer and re-use it ? Since we know it will be the same every time .
This is exactly what we can do , by employing an approach known as memoization or top-down dynamic programming we can avoid recalculating those functions every time by saving the result of the function into an array of answers , and before evaluating a function call we check the array to see if we 've already calculated it . If we have we just re-use the answer we know is correct .
Here is our new improved function
int count ( int u , int n ) { if ( memo [ u ] [ n ] ! = -1 ) // Check if answer already calculated return memo [ u ] [ n ] ; if ( n==0 ) // Base case return u==M ; return memo [ u ] [ n ] = count ( dfa [ u ] [ 0 ] , n-1 ) + count ( dfa [ u ] [ 1 ] , n-1 ) ; // Calculate and store answer }
So how fast is this algorithm now ? Well you can now imagine it as a procedure that 's just filling in an N by M array , with each step taking constant time . So clearly it now only requires at most O ( NM ) steps , which importantly , is polynomial in time and memory
Conclusion
By taking our question about strings and looking at it through a more abstract lens , we were able to apply methods from theory of computation , graph theory and algorithm optimisation to construct a polynomial time algorithm that is short , easily defined , and requires nothing more complex than arrays
This approach can of course be extended to strings of any alphabet , not just binary strings , the complexities gain an extra multiplicative factor of the size of the alphabet
I 've attached the full program below , including algorithm for building the DFA
Code here
The San Antonio Spurs , despite not usually considered among the three teams to win the NBA title this season ( Bulls , Heat , Thunder ) , despite not having any MVP caliber players , might just finish on top of the Western Conference with home advantage chances heading into the postseason .
It 's hard to point on one reason for the Spurs being this good for so long . Gregg Popovich and Tim Duncan should be the main reason . Ever since Duncan 's arrival in the 1997 NBA draft , the Spurs have never missed the postseason , won four NBA titles and even more impressively to some , have simply won more than anyone else in the big four of north American sport leagues .
Even more impressive ? The Spurs ' current 15 year-run is better than any other team in NBA history . Greater than the great Lakers teams and great Celtics teams of the past . The Chicago Bulls did win six NBA titles in the span of eight years , but not even the Michael Jordan era was able to beat the Spurs ' impressive record .
The Duncan-Ginobili-Parker train keeps on pushing , defying age and opinions . More likely than not , San Antonio will stumble early in the post season . They should n't be worried against both the Rockets or the Nuggets , but later on they wo n't have enough , in my opinion , to beat the Lakers , Thunder and the Grizzlies in the series . I think they 're better than the Mavs and the Clippers .
But although this may be a testament to Tim Duncan 's influence and dominance as a player , showcased more rarely these days than in the previous decade , I think it 's Popovich that stands as the biggest and most important figure in the whole Spurs dynasty , still looking for its first title since 2007 .
It 's not easy keeping a team running so well for this long . Especially in a small market like San Antonio . The NFL , NBA and NHL , unlke Baseball , are built so there will be parity . Caps on salary and such . Draft based on results . The Spurs lucked out in that dimension . David Robinson missing most of the 1996-1997 season translated into the first pick in the draft , and Tim Duncan came along .
But Popvich has n't had a lottery pick ever since , but they have n't missed the post season ever since . Teamwork and role players . It has n't been enough since Duncan has dropped down from an All-NBA level , not enough to win the titles . Not enough for long playoff runs usually . But the Spurs are probably the best proof that the most important thing in sports is having smart people calling the shots – The GM , Head coaches and all that . Great talent is easy to spot . Making the most of it ? That 's an art form .
without any threat to people
Since no one will live in the town , researchers can test their
They plan to open up the town , named CITE , to researchers experimenting in the fields of transport ,
Advertisement
The American west is littered with ghost towns - frontier villages that were abandoned with the end of the Gold Rush .
A town in New Mexico is about to join the ranks of these ghost towns , as the builders of the futuristic city have no intention of letting anyone live there .
Telecommunications and tech firm Pegasus Global Holdings is planning to build a full-scale American town in the New Mexico desert , a place which they hope to open to researchers developing technologies for modern living .
Pegasus plans to spend $ 1billion creating the 15-square-mile town , called CITE , with construction to begin sometime next year and opening as early as 2018 .
CITE will include a town big enough for 35,000 people , with a business district downtown surrounded by terraced housing suburbs - but no one will ever live there .
Instead , companies will have the opportunity to test such innovations as driverless vehicles and natural disaster-proof homes in a human-free , practically risk-free , environment .
Scroll down for video
Pegasus Global Holdings , a telecommunications and tech firm , is planning on building a full-scale American town where researchers can test experiments like a driverless car in a human-free environment
The city , called CITE , will be large enough to fit a population of 35,000 but no one will live there . It 's expected to cost $ 1billion to build
Instead , companies will have the opportunity to test such innovations as driverless vehicles and natural disaster-proof homes in a human-free , practically risk-free , environment .
'The vision is an environment where new products , services and technologies can be demonstrated and tested without disrupting everyday life , ' Pegasus Managing Director Robert Brumley told CNN .
Nataly Gattegno , a designer at Future Cities Lab in San Francisco , says the city would help speed up experiments to finalizing a product .
'It sounds like rapid simulations and evaluations would be possible with CITE , which would allow us to cycle through tests much faster , ' Gattegno said .
However , some researchers are more wary about what a person-less city can really say about any invention .
'Technologies are not merely artifacts , they are social systems intermediated by materials and devices , ' says Professor Steve Rayner , co-director of the Oxford Programme for the Future of Cities . 'The idea of `` testing '' complex socio-technical systems without the people is bound to yield misleading results because real people frequently interact with materials and devices in ways that are not anticipated by the designer . '
For example , Rayner said : 'There are many reports of people defeating energy-saving devices in buildings because they want fresh air and prop doors open . '
Brumley hopes that CITE will become a place not unlike Silicon Valley , where companies in the private and public sector merge to innovate .
According to Pegasus Global Holdings ' website , the company has been working in technology development for the past 10 years and is a 'recognized leader in telecommunications in North America And Europe ' .
'Pegasus is also a U.S. Government authorized prime vendor and manufacturer of defense equipment and technologies , ' according to the website .
'The vision is an environment where new products , services and technologies can be demonstrated and tested without disrupting everyday life , ' Pegasus Managing Director Robert Brumley told CNN .
The city will have all of the conveniences of a modern middle-sized American town such as a fake mall , church and parks
Twelve employees fired for participating in a national protest have a job opportunity .
Dusty Oakley , the owner of Brownie 's Hamburgers , heard about the former employees of I Do n't Care Bar and Grill , who were fired after participating in the `` Day Without Immigrants '' protest Thursday . All 12 employees were Hispanic .
Oakley offered all of them jobs .
`` They needed something , '' Oakley said . `` They were in need obviously because they were just let go out of the blue . ''
This 60-year-old business is known for its burgers and pies . The joint only holds 49 people , but the crowds are plenty and keep this close-knit group of employees always hustling .
`` We are like family , '' Oakley said .
The 12 Hispanic men fired said they felt it was important to participate in the national protest .
`` I am not into politics much , but I am not going to shame anybody for standing up for what they believe in , '' Oakley said .
Bill McNally , the owner of I Do n't Care , said they have a zero tolerance policy for no show , no call employees .
`` I know they said that was their policy and that 's what they are sticking behind , but that is not my policy , '' Oakley said .
If you are n't going to show up for work , a call to the manager is the courteous thing to do . But communication is key on both ends .
`` We communicate enough that I think they would have said something to me , '' Oakley said .
Oakley has several employees of all nationalities . They said they are not concerned with what they look like , but how they work .
`` They are a very integral part with what we do here , and I am very thankful for them and would hate to lose them , '' Oakley said . `` We look for people that are good people , that want to work , willing to show up and are hard workers . ''
Oakley has met with a few of the workers who were fired . They say they are weighing their options .
China 's President Xi Jinping , center , with Australia 's Prime Minister Tony Abbott , right , and members of parliament after they spoke in the House of Representatives at Parliament House in Canberra on Monday . REUTERS/David Gray China and Australia on Monday sealed a landmark free trade agreement more than a decade in the making , significantly expanding ties between the world 's second-largest economy and one of Washington 's closest allies in Asia .
The deal , which Australia called the best ever between Beijing and a Western country , will open up Chinese markets to Australian farm exporters and the services sector while easing curbs on Chinese investment in resource-rich Australia .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Chinese President Xi Jinping signed a memorandum of understanding clinching the agreement during a ceremony in parliament in Canberra .
`` This has been a 10-year journey , but we have finally made it , '' Abbott said .
Xi praised the deal in an address to parliament , pledging to deepen cooperation with Australia while reaffirming China 's willingness to resolve territorial disputes with its neighbors through diplomatic means .
`` As long as we have our long-term and the larger interests in mind , increase positive factors and remove obstacles we will certainly forge a closer and more comprehensive strategic partnership between us , '' they said .
China is already Australia 's top trading partner , with two-way trade of around A $ 150 billion ( $ 130 billion ) in 2013 . On Monday they witnessed 14 commercial agreements between companies worth potentially more than A $ 20 billion ( $ 17.56 billion ) .
The leaders also pledged to work jointly to combat climate change by sharing technology aimed at improving the efficiency of coal usage .
Australia needs China 's help to transition from a reliance on exports of minerals such as coal and iron ore to expanding its food and agricultural exports to a growing Asian middle class , moving from a `` mining boom '' to a `` dining boom '' .
`` [ The agreement ] should help to support Australia 's great rebalancing act , from mining investment led growth towards the non-mining sectors of the economy , '' HSBC economist Paul Bloxham said in a note .
Once the agreement is fully implemented , 95 percent of all its exports will enjoy duty-free entry into China , Australia said .
The agreement comes a day after U.S. President Barack Obama wrapped up a week-long tour through Asia , during which they sought to reassure Asia-Pacific allies wary over Washington 's commitment towards its strategic realignment to the region .
Washington and Beijing have competing visions for free trade in the Asia-Pacific region , with the U.S. pushing its 12-country Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) deal , which excludes China , and China mooting a Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific ( FTAAP ) framework .
Washington was unable to secure a breakthrough on TPP during the trip .
Reuters
Dairy , Wine , Minerals
The agreement gives Australian dairy farmers tariff-free access within four years to China 's lucrative infant formula market , minus any of the `` safeguard '' caps that currently restrict competitors from New Zealand .
`` Australia has been marginalized from being a major exporter to China in the last few years , one of the reasons being that milk production ( there ) has been going down over the last decade , '' said Sandy Chen , dairy analyst at Rabobank in China .
winemakers , currently selling more than A $ 200 million worth of goods to China each year , will see tariffs eliminated over four years , while a 3 percent coking coal tariff will be removed immediately and a 6 percent tariff on thermal coal within two years .
Dairy companies , including Canada 's Saputo Inc , which owns Warrnambool Cheese and Butter Factory Company Holdings Ltd , and Bega Cheese Ltd is among likely leading beneficiaries of the deal .
Health and aged care providers , such as Japara Healthcare and private hospital operator Healthscope will get a jump on providers from Japan , the U.S. and Europe , while financial services companies ANZ Bank and IAG will get a boost from preferential access .
Fortescue Metals Chairman Andrew Forrest said the agreement would become the most significant trade dealAustralia has ever done . `` We can offer Chinese consumers the highest quality produce and Chinese consumers can be confident in the reliability of supply and food safety , '' they said .
The agreement caps a string of breakthrough deals for Xi . Last week they jointly announced with Obama a groundbreaking plan to cap and eventually roll back carbon emissions , as well as reaching a `` substantial conclusion '' of a free trade deal with South Korea .
The deal also caps a year of trade achievements for Abbott , following free trade agreements with Japan and South Korea .
( Additional reporting by Sonali Paul in MELBOURNE , Jane Wardell and Lincoln Feast in SYDNEY and Fayen Wong in BEIJING ; Editing by Nick Macfie and Jeremy Laurence )
Lennon Feature Name Lennon Clean Name Lennon Feature ID 15192 Target Mercury Feature Type Crater , craters Coordinate System Planetographic , +West , 0 - 360 Control Network MESSENGER Team Northernmost Latitude -35.34 ° Southernmost Latitude -37.49 ° Easternmost Longitude 317.43 ° Westernmost Longitude 320.21 ° Diameter 95 km Center Latitude -36.41 ° Center Longitude 318.82 ° kml download Lennon.kml Continent Europe Ethnic/Cultural
Group or Country England Quad H-14 [ pdf ] Reference [ 75 ] - Webster 's Biographical Dictionary : G. and C. Merriam Company , Springfield , Mass. , 1974 ( and other editions ) . Approval Status Adopted by IAU Approval Date 2013-12-16 00:00:00.0 Origin John Winston ; English singer and songwriter ( 1940-1980 ) . Last Updated 2016-10-11 15:36:21.381
PDF Maps of Mercury 1:5 million-scale The boundaries shown on the maps above are approximate and are intended only to portray the locations of named features and their rough extents .
Get help using the map above . Changes in the control network drop down are not reflected in the feature boundaries in the map above . Only the primary control network feature boundaries ( in green ) are displayed on the map .
Cellular senescence is a limiting factor in the proliferative expansion and quality of adult mesenchymal stem cells , often making them unviable in regenerative clinical practice . In vitro supplementation by antioxidant food extract of senescent mesenchymal stem cells could reverse these undesirable characteristics . To evaluate this hypothesis , senescent adipocyte-mesenchymal cells ( ASCs ) obtained from human lipoaspirates were exposed at different concentrations of hydro-alcoholic guaraná ( Paullinia cupana ) extract for 72 h. After the incubation , we performed a proliferative assay . Oxidative stress indicators and antioxidant enzymes ( biochemical activity and gene expression by qRT-PCR analysis ) in these senescent cells were also evaluated . In senescent cells exposed to guaraná at 5 mg/g concentration increased cellular proliferation occurred compared to untreated senescent cells ( 79.1 ± 15.7 % ) . Concomitantly , a decrease in several oxidative stress indicators was observed in senescent cells treated with guaraná . A genomic effect of guaraná exposure was observed when the modulation of antioxidant enzymes genes was analyzed . The results described here suggest that the food extract supplementation could reverse the initial senescence processes in ASCs . These results have potential application in regenerative medicine .
In an interview with AP , President Obama 's half-brother , Mark Obama Ndesandjo , described their relationship with their brother as “ cold ” and stated that when the two first met in Kenya in 1988 , “ Barack thought I was too white , and I thought they were too black . ”
AP conducted the interview as a lead up to Ndesandjo 's autobiography that , in part , highlights the alcohol-fueled domestic abuse they experienced under Barack Obama Sr .
As in their first book , Ndesandjo wanted to raise awareness of domestic abuse by using their family 's story , although they said in an interview with The Associated Press on Tuesday that the president 's relatives have not universally welcomed their airing of private matters in public . Ndesandjo spoke ahead of a news conference to launch the book in Guangzhou on Thursday .
The book also touches on the “ sporadic but intense encounters ” with their half-brother , Barack , a relationship Ndesandjo describes as currently “ cold ” :
Right now it 's cold , and I think part of the reason is because of my writing . My writing has alienated some people in my family .
Ndesandjo told AP that this tension with Barack started immediately . When they first met their half-brother in Kenya in 1988 , the two did not see to eye , particularly in regard to their racial identities :
Barack thought I was too white , and I thought they were too black . They were an American searching for their African roots , I was a Kenyan , I 'm an American but I was living in Kenya , searching for my white roots .
However , despite the current tensions , Ndesandjo hopes to eventually reconcile the distant relationship with their half-brother , saying ,
It 's a world away from arrests and investigations but Winnipeg 's former police chief , Devon Clunis , has found a new calling as a children 's author .
This month , Clunis launched their new kids ' book , which they co-created with their wife Pearlene , called The Little Boy From Jamaica .
`` I would say it 's all of our story . It 's told from the perspective of a little boy from Jamaica who was able to achieve great things , '' Clunis said on CBC 's Up To Speed on Tuesday .
`` But I think it really wants to tell the story of the potential that is inherent of every child in every community when a community rallies around a child . ''
Devon and Pearlene Clunis launched the book in January . ( Submitted ) When Clunis retired children 's author was n't their first goal . They said they actually started writing the semi-autobiographical story for adults but it was their wife and sister who said it would work best for children .
The new book shows the former top cop 's humble beginnings growing up in rural Jamaica .
`` They will see that the life I am living today did n't just happen by chance , there was certainly some effort on my part , but really the thrust of the story is that I had a great deal of helpers in my life , '' they said .
`` I want kids to realize that there are many helpers in communities . ''
The story particularly focuses on a teacher who helped Clunis when they first moved to Canada and was struggling in school . It also shows other people who helped shape Clunis ' life , a lesson they hope will be understood by the parents and adults who read with the kids .
`` I never thought I could be a police officer until one day I met a police officer who said , 'Devon why do n't you consider becoming a police officer ? ' '' Clunis said . `` We can really influence lives and put it on a real productive path . ''
' I really wanted to set an example for kids '
During their time in uniform , Clunis not only became the first black police chief in Winnipeg , they were the first in Canada .
However , Clunis said their racial identity was n't always easy , particularly in their youth , and that 's something they also hope to help kids tackle .
`` This will be the first in a series of books that teachers and parents and adults can utilize to help engage kids in meaningful conversations , '' they said .
`` [ In the books ] there are a lot of questions that are posed to the children and adults to create the right environment to have these real , meaningful discussions around race , around socio-economic status , really about the future . ''
That 's not the only way their legacy of building community will live on . Part of the book 's proceeds are going towards furthering education in Jamaica and Winnipeg 's Bear Clan Patrol .
`` I went into policing because I really wanted to set an example for kids . And I thought it was great that now , post-policing , the first real meaningful project I was involved in was something that was for kids , '' Clunis said .
PushBullet version 12.2 has just hit the Play Store , and it brings with it a healthy selection of incremental updates that round out an already pleasant user experience . One new such feature is the ability to set how long mirrored notifications stick around on your computer before fading away .
The app also now shows upload progress when pushing a file and gives users the ability to tap a download to cancel it .
Perhaps more interesting than these new features are the changes in store for the Firefox add-on . The extension has fallen behind its Chrome peer as of late , but an upcoming update will give it the boost it needs . Once Mozilla finishes reviewing the software , Firefox fans should be able to take advantage of most of the same functionality their PushBullet-loving , Chrome-using friends have taken for granted .
With the new add-on , Firefox users will finally get access to mirrored notifications , so whatever alerts sound off on their phones will pop up on their computers as well . In addition , the PushBullet button has also been moved from the lowly Firefox add-on bar to a place of prominence on the toolbar .
But unlike Chrome , Firefox will open all pushes in a new tab , instead of a pop-up ( though mirrored notifications should appear as normal ) . This difference is due to Firefox dismissing all notifications after four seconds . This time ca n't be disabled or altered .
Anyone who is n't already a PushBullet user can get the app by visiting the Play Store below , and if you ca n't wait to get your hands on the updated Firefox extension , here 's a direct download .
The Miami Heat have announced the official signing of undrafted rookie Khem Birch on Sunday .
Initial reports earlier this month had indicated that the Heat would be signing the former UNLV player in time for training camp . Birch has been on their radar for some time , having worked out for the team before the NBA Draft .
The 6-foot-9 power forward played six games for the Washington Wizards in the 2014 Summer League averaging 5.0 points , 5.7 rebounds , 1.17 blocks and 19.3 minutes .
In their final season at UNLV , they averaged a double-double in 32 games with 11.5 points , 10.2 rebounds , 3.76 blocks , 1.2 assists and 31.4 minutes per game as a junior . They won the Mountain West Defensive Player of the Year award while earning All-Defensive Team and All-Mountain West Second Team honors .
Birch faces long odds of making the final roster , with the team having recently signed veteran journeyman Shawne Williams and undrafted rookie Shawn Jones . Former Heat draft pick James Ennis is also expected to retain a spot on the regular season roster .
With Birch 's signing , the Heat have 17 players under contract .
You can follow Surya Fernandez on Twitter @ SuryaHeatNBA or email them at SuryaFoxSports @ gmail.com .
I found this photo a few weeks ago . It 's me in 1992 , shortly after moving to San Francisco . I 'm 25 and that is my first car , a 1978 Volvo 245DL . Great vehicle . I could fit a 4-by-8 sheet of plywood in the back . I painted those clouds on it because I thought it would look awesome — and also because I had bought a crap-ton of lacquer spray paint before a California ban went into effect , and it was going bad .
I was living pretty hand to mouth in those days , and Volvos can be expensive to maintain . So in addition to being a canvas , this car taught me about auto repair . More important , it taught me how to parse complex systems , a skill that 's been essential in every professional environment I 've found myself in since .
In theory , cars are fairly simple . If they do n't start , it 's either the fuel system or the electrical system . Teach yourself about the path of each in your engine and tracing it is fairly straightforward . But at the beginning , mastering each new system seems like an unreachable shore . The car is effectively a black box .
I bought not only the simplified consumer repair manual for my Volvo but also the shop repair manual . I 'd compare the two until the system in question made sense . That 's the method I used to learn how to replace the wiper blades ( do n't laugh — it 's everyone 's first repair ) , spark plugs , and oil , and eventually how to fix things like the window motors and driveshaft . I was terrified of the brakes . But when the shoes wore down , I replaced them . I swore I 'd never attempt to bleed the hydraulic system . But when I found out that a new master cylinder for the brakes was going to cost hundreds of dollars , I learned how to do it .
Every repair followed the same progression : ( 1 ) I do n't know how , ( 2 ) I ca n't afford to pay someone else to do it , ( 3 ) I have to do it , ( 4 ) hey , that was n't so hard !
Whether it 's the experiments on MythBusters or my earlier work in special effects for movies , I 've regularly had to do things that were never done before , from designing complex motion-control rigs to figuring out how to animate chocolate . That car was a vital step in developing the courage to tackle these sorts of projects . Knowing that even dauntingly complex challenges can be broken down — that there 's a huge difference between not understanding something and not understanding it yet — is powerful mojo .
Adam Savage ( adamsavage.com ) is a sculptor , special-effects fabricator , and co-host of Discovery Channel 's MythBusters .
I just came from a meeting today in the Situation Room in which I have people who know we have been on ISIL websites , living here in the United States , US citizens , and we 're allowed to put them on the no fly list when it comes to airlines , but because of the National Rifle Association I can not prohibit these people from buying a gun . This is somebody who is a known ISIL sympathizer and if they want to walk into a gun store or a gun show and buy as much , as many weapons and ammo as they can , nothing is prohibiting them from doing that even though the FBI knows who that person is . So sir , I just have to say respectfully that there is a way to have common sense gun laws , there is a way to make sure that lawful , responsible gun owners , like yourself , are able to use it for sporting , hunting , protecting yourself . But the only way we 're going to be able to do that is if we do n't have a situation where anything that is proposed is viewed as some tyrannical destruction of the second amendment . And that is how the issue too often gets framed -- - President Obama , June 2 , 2016
We 've had yet another horrific mass shooting . In fact , it 's the worst mass shooting in American history . More than fifty people were killed and many more wounded in a nightclub that catered to gay people in Orlando Florida . At the moment I 'm writing this , what we know is that these murders were carried out by an American Muslim by the name of Omar Mateen , the son of Afghan immigrants who was born in New York 29 years ago . We know that they called 911 during the killing and reportedly pledged allegiance to ISIS and mentioned the Tsarnaev brothers ( who were not ISIS , for what it 's worth ) . We know the FBI had been aware of some radical connections and jihadist `` leanings '' and had interviewed them in the past . Their father reported that they were an angry homophobe . Their ex-wife said they were a violent domestic abuser who was mentally unstable . They were a hate-filled , violent piece of work .
And we also know that they had earlier been given a firearms license and a concealed carry permit in Florida . Earlier last week they walked into a gun store and walked out with a hand gun and an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle with the capability of mowing down a hundred people in a matter of minutes . And that is what they proceeded to do .
Advertisement :
President Obama 's statement above is a partial answer to a question put to them in a town hall ten days ago in which a gun store owner asked why they and Hillary want to control and restrict gun ownership from `` good guys '' . The president explained that they and Hillary are n't trying to confiscate anyone 's guns but rather that they are trying to mitigate the carnage much the same way that we mitigated the carnage of auto crashes . ( I would argue we need cars a lot more than we need guns . ) And then they made that statement about the NRA 's adamant insistence that government can not prevent even suspected terrorists from buying as many guns as they want .
I 've always been surprised that this has n't caused more controversy about this since 9/11 but perhaps the fact that most of our distressingly regular terrorist mass shootings since then were not carried out by Muslim extremists . The normal reaction among gun proliferation advocates is to treat these events as if they are a natural disaster like a tornado or an earthquake . A mentally ill man armed to the teeth goes into a movie theater and kills 12 people and injures seventy more . A troubled young man whose mother bought them a cache of weapons kills them and then brutally murders 20 first graders and 6 of their teachers for no apparent reason . A frustrated young man goes on a killing spree to punish women for rejecting them and to punish sexually active men for living a more enjoyable life than his . Here on the other side of the country from Orlando , the Santa Monica police today caught a man just half a mile from my house , armed with three semi-automatic rifles and some explosives who said they were headed to the LA gay pride parade to kill people .
All of them use guns to kill but the gun rights zealots shrug and say the only thing we can do is arm the `` good guys '' so they can shoot the `` bad guys . ''
But now what appears to be a `` lone wolf '' terrorist , who was even a licensed `` good guy '' by the state of Florida , just perpetrated the worst mass shooting in American history . And we do n't see the gun advocates shrugging this off as if this was an unpreventable act of God . In fact , we can look to the man the NRA just endorsed to see the reaction :
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning . Our leadership is weak and ineffective . I called it and asked for the ban . Must be tough — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 12 , 2016
They also put out a statement , which included this :
Because our leaders are weak , I said this was going to happen – and it is only going to get worse . I am trying to save lives and prevent the next terrorist attack . We ca n't afford to be politically correct anymore . The terrorist , Omar Mir Saddique Mateen , is the son of an immigrant from Afghanistan who openly published their support for the Afghanistani Taliban and even tried to run for President of Afghanistan . According to Pew , 99 % of people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia Law . We admit more than 100,000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year . Since 9/11 , hundreds of migrants and their children have been implicated in terrorism in the United States . Hillary Clinton wants to dramatically increase admissions from the Middle East , bringing in many hundreds of thousands during a first term – and we will have no way to screen them , pay for them , or prevent the second generation from radicalizing .
( Yes , they actually wrote `` Afghanistani Taliban '' in an official statement . ) But as you can see , they still plan to ban Muslims from entering the country . The question is what they plan to do about the Muslims who are here already -- - Americans like Omar Mateen or their father , who is a legal immigrant . It 's a fair question to ask because they insist that any mass shooting by a Muslim must be met with a draconian solution like a ban or stepped up surveillance , torture and a policy to `` take out their families to find out what they know '' . Since San Bernardino they have consistently asserted that Sayed Farook 's family was implicated in the attacks :
Advertisement :
`` I believe that the sister of the killer , I watched their interview , I think they knew what was going on.I think their mother knew what was going on . Anybody that went in to that house or that apartment knew what was going on . They did n't tell authorities . They knew what was going on . The mother knew ... We better get a little tough , and a little smart , or we 're in trouble . ''
( His lurid imagination also led them to indict other people in the neighborhood based on some sketchy early reporting . It did n't stop them from spreading this rumor around for months . ) Considering Trump 's accusation in their official statement that Mateen 's father is Taliban and the implication that they believe in Sharia law , it 's fair to say this family would be in a very precarious position right now if Trump were in the White House . Presumably , whatever they did would be met with little resistance from Trump 's followers . But do n't ask them to allow the FBI to require a background check before someone like Mateen can buy a semi-automatic rifle capable of killing hundreds at a clip . That would be an abdication of fundamental American principles . The idea that we might want to think about the common sense policy of banning the sale of these semi-automatic human killing machines to anyone might as well be messaged from Mars . In fact , for half the country it makes more sense to ban 1.4 million people from entering the country on the basis of their religion . Would a ban on semi-automatic rifles end Islamic extremism ? No . But it wo n't make it worse , the way that religious bans and calls for torture and killing of suspects family members will . And it would sure make it a lot harder for any of these twisted souls , Muslim or otherwise , to spray bullets at a room full of first graders or movie goers or gay guys dancing the night away . You ca n't fix what 's in these people 's hearts . That is beyond anyone 's ken . But you can make it harder for them to act on their hate . Nobody needs an AR-15 .
It 's time for Congress to finally act on gun violence & ban military-style weapons , limit clip size & require background checks on all sales — Senator Bob Casey ( @ SenBobCasey ) June 12 , 2016
The Interview : 'SpongeBob ' Creator Stephen Hillenburg
By Michael Cavna
Stephen Hillenburg ( Reuters/Luis Enrique Ascui )
Tom Kenny , who voices the character of `` SpongeBob SquarePants , '' says the show 's creator , STEVE HILLENBURG , is a prime lesson in the importance of following your passions . Hillenburg was working as a marine biologist , but they returned to school to study experimental animation after they realized they did n't want to leave art behind . Now , Hillenburg , is surely the most famous marine cartoonist on land or sea .
As their smash Nickelodeon show celebrates its 10th anniversary , Comic Riffs caught up with Hillenburg to discuss innocence ( SpongeBob ) , avarice ( Mr. Krabs ) and the glories of making a cartoon that 's part Laurel and Hardy , part Jacques Cousteau .
MICHAEL CAVNA : So 10 years in , how does it feel to hit that milestone ?
STEPHEN HILLENBURG : Ten years . I never imagined working on the show to this date and this long . It never was possible to conceive that . ... I really figured we might get a season and a cult following , and that might be it .
Left to right : SpongeBob SquarePants , Patrick Starfish and Squidward ( Courtesy of Nickelodeon )
MC : When did you become convinced that the show was beyond short-term cult status ?
SH : By the third season , it felt like [ we had ] a solid fan base , and the show was kind of clicking on all levels .
MC : With an underwater sponge for a star , perhaps no show is more acutely aware of -- creatively -- not wanting to `` jump the shark . '' It that something you 've been conscious of ?
SH : Well , there was concern when we did the movie [ in 2004 ] that the show had peaked . There were concerns among executives at Nickelodeon .
MC : Rewatching the pilot , `` Help Wanted , '' so much of the style and polish are already in place . But do you see flaws and rough edges when you watch it now ?
SH : The first season , it definitely looks a little loose and the characters are drawn without the same construction . By the third season , everyone had new kinds of tricks -- three-quarter-views of the characters , and nuances in cross-pollination between different storyboards . Everybody influenced each other as the show evolved and became more complicated and nuanced .
MC : You studied marine biology before going to CalArts for animation , of course . Had you always been interested in animation , though ?
SH : Hugely . I definitely was interested and became real interested [ when I started going ] to animation festivals . I went to the Tournee festival and the Spike & Mike festival in the '80s right before . I was working at Ocean Institute -- I was a marine biologist , but I was trying to figure out [ how to get to ] art school . It was at those festivals ... that I thought : This is what i want to do . When I was at one of those shows , I saw several films ... made at Cal Arts ... and thought : That 's were should I go .
In the '70s , as a kid , someone took me to a Tournee of Animation festival at the L.A. County Museum of Art . There , the foreign films -- I was knocked out by that , especially [ Dutch animator ] Paul Driessen . Their [ `` The Killing of An Egg '' ] . ... That was the film that I thought was uniquely strange and that lodged itself in my head early on . I was interested in drawing my whole life . I dunno -- it did n't help me till later , when I rediscovered Driessen .
MC : So you become a marine biologist . How do you move into studying experimental animation at CalArts and considering it as a career ?
SH : Honestly , I had n't looked into the logistics and income . I just knew that 's what I wanted to do . I thought , at least , I could get a job cleaning up somebody 's drawings . ... Then , there was `` The Simpsons '' and `` Ren & Stimpy '' -- everyone was excited about the rebirth of the form . My timing was perfect . I did n't look at the career aspect -- it was what I was interested in doing . I was planning on being a starving artist . ... [ I spent ] several thousand dollars to make a film and [ realized ] I may not make it back -- I had loans out . Fortunately , Joe Murray [ creator of Nickelodeon 's `` Rocko 's Modern Life '' ] saw my film at Ottawa and a couple of my shorts and they took a huge chance . I did n't know how to storyboard -- I still do n't . It was like perfect timing .
MC : So during `` Rocko 's , '' you meet [ `` SpongeBob '' voice ] Tom Kenny . Did you already know how you wanted your `` SpongeBob '' voices to sound ?
SH : When I went in to cast the show , I got all these horrible impersonators of what I wanted . I knew I wanted Tom from the beginning , from working with him . [ Beyond him ] I had in mind kind of crude imitations of what I wanted .
MC : And how you did decide on the lengths of your episodes -- two episodes per half-hour ?
SH : I always pushed back on doing long-form . I imagined SpongeBob as being simple and I wanted to concentrate on character humor . I never really wanted to deliberately try to write a half-hour show . I wrote the shows to where they felt right . I planned to have Patchy the Host stuff fill up the extra time . The show was n't compromised by length -- I do n't think SpongeBob works in long-form .
MC : That said , how did you approach doing the [ 2004 ] feature-length film ?
SH : We had the idea of SpongeBob going to the surface and entering our world -- that would be the hook . We thought it would be challenging . It was pretty brutal -- writing and producing that . In hindsight , it was a bloodbath . I feel good we did a decent job and got good reaction . I still honestly believe the best shows are the simplest short shows , for what SpongeBob is . He 's kind of a different animal . We keep it simple and keep it about the characters -- it helps for production . We do n't have a million backgrounds and a million incidental characters . We concentrate on what works well for television [ so ] the episode 's funny .
Patrick ( Courtesy of Nickelodeon )
MC : Were any particular influences at work when developing this comic approach ?
SH : I think `` SpongeBob '' is born out of my love of Laurel and Hardy shorts . You 've got that kind of idiot-buddy situation -- that was a huge influence . SpongeBob was inspired by that kind of character : the Innocent -- a la Stan Laurel . In deliberately trying to do a buddy show , there had been `` Ren and Stimpy , '' which was so amazing . So I thought : `` Where do we go after that ? '' It goes back to that kind of [ innocent ] character . ... The rule , I guess you could say : To keep the show about SpongeBob in the first four seasons ; it had to involve SpongeBob and the theme of the show about their innocence . Even when they learn their first curse word [ in `` Sailor Mouth '' ] , Krabs takes advantage of them and Squidward is trying to make them look bad . It always went back to that . ...
SpongeBob is a complete innocent -- not an idiot . SpongeBob never fully realizes how stupid Patrick is . They 're whipping themselves up into situations -- that 's always where the humor comes from . The rule is : Follow the innocence and avoid topical [ humor ] .
MC : And what it 's like in the writing room -- can you speak to how the ideas arise and get hashed out ?
SH : Well , one thing : We mine possible storylines from individual writers ' childhoods . A good example : In `` Sailor Mouth , '' SpongeBob learns a curse word -- that 's a classic thing all kids go through . We talk a lot about our experiences from childhood . Some of them end up in the story . Another example : `` Patrick 's Secret Box '' -- SpongeBob wants to know what 's up with the box . With that one , [ staffer ] Derek Drymon had a secret box [ as a kid ] and started tellling us about it . We wanted to make fun of them AND use it .
Another thing : In writing meeting , we use random word associations -- we pass 'em out and have to make a story out of it . It might be all crap except we might have 10 things that are kind of interesting . That kind of jogs things and ... helps get you off the same brain-track .
MC : As for `` SpongeBob 's '' animation , it -- like so many shows -- is done overseas , I understand ?
SH : We work with a studio -- Rough Draft . It 's a husband-and-wife team in Korea . They produce `` The Simpsons , '' `` Dexter 's '' host of shows , Mike Judge . They have a good crew there that knows how to draw stretch animation . Basically , we storyboard everything for the show ... it becomes a miniature layout ... and the Korean crew will use that . The rule is : Follow the board ! ... Without having to know the English language , you can follow these sheets and produce the animation .
MC : Speaking of overseas , have you traveled much to foreign countries where `` SpongeBob '' is especially popular ?
SH : That 's a great perk . I 've gone to Japan and Germany and it 's a great opportunity . People are excited to have you . Next year , maybe Brazil .
Plankton ( Business Wire )
MC : So many American comedies do n't travel well overseas . What is it about `` SpongeBob 's '' humor that is so universal ?
SH : I think it 's because of its simplicity . Everybody recognizes the childlike character . ... It 's univerally understood -- it 's physical comedy and you can understand .
MC : So in recent years , you stopping running the day-to-day and became exec-producer . Since this was your baby , your brainchild , what was that transition like ?
SH : It reached a point where I felt I 'd contributed a lot and said what I wanted to say . At that point . the show needed new blood and so I selected Paul [ Tibbitt ] to produce . I totally trusted him . I always enjoyed the way they captured the SpongeBob character 's sense of humor . And as a writer , you have to move on -- I 'm developing new projects .
MC : You 've had an A-list of guest voices . Do you approach them -- they you ? How has that worked ?
SH : In the beginning , it was hard to get people . Most of the people that allow themselves to be on have kids who like the show . Often , they 're kids are fans . They 're doing it because they want to please the family .
MC : Who have been some of the best guest voices ?
SH : From the very beginning , the first real guest stars were [ Ernest ] Borgnine and [ Tim ] Conway . Those guys were so fantastic . When you have a guest artist , you do n't know how it 's going to turn out . But Borgnine is the most animated guy on the planet . Those two are still doing Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy .
MC : So President Obama has offered that he 's the show 's First Fan . How did you react to that bit of news ?
SH : Yeah , `` SpongeBob SquarePants '' is their favorite TV cartoon . That leaves me kind of speechless . There have been some administrations I would n't have been happy to hear that from .
MC : So would you consider Obama for a guest-voice gig if their people called ?
SH : I can say , President Obama 's call certainly would get through . But we only would cast someone if they came right out of the story . But I think he 's got on a lot on their plate right now for a voice career .
MC : So , speaking as a marine biologist : Can SpongeBob save our oceans ?
SH : People have to get together and [ realize ] how important our oceans are . One thing I 'm hoping [ will ] come out of the documentary is the realization that the show came from something that 's precious and that we need to appreciate it . It takes care of us . ... Hopefully , if you watch `` SpongeBob , '' you see plankton and crabs and starfish -- and you 'll [ want to ] take care of our oceans .
LATER TODAY : 'Riffs picks its favorite `` SpongeBob '' episodes .
This story is about
Texas Governor Greg Abbott is pictured on the field before the Notre Dame Fighting Irish vs. the University of Texas Longhorns NCAA football game at Darrell K. Royal Memorial Stadium in Austin on Sunday , September 4 , 2016 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
Texas Gov . Greg Abbott is among those who are n't happy that Big 12 expansion turned out to be a resounding thud .
And how they think that the conference needs to start doling out apologies .
In a tweet sent Monday night , the governor said that the Big 12 'shanked its future ' by punting on expansion .
Abbott , who was advocating for Houston to join the conference along with Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick , said that the Cougars `` deserved better . ''
Ca n't see the tweet on mobile ? Tap here .
A Gambian asylum seeker has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering an American au-pair they met on a couch-surfing website in Austria .
The man - who under Austrian law can only be identified as Abdou I - was living illegally in the country when they suffocated and killed Lauren Mann .
Ms Mann , originally from Colorado , was found naked at their apartment in the Wieden district of Vienna on January 25 after their employers told police they had not picked up their child from school .
Abdou I ( pictured , centre ) appears in court and awaits the start of their murder trial . It is not known how they came to know Lauren Mann
Lauren Mann , 25 , was found naked at their apartment in the Wieden district of the Austrian capital on January 25 after their employers told police they had not picked up their child from school
Austrian police have claimed they may have acted out of jealousy after finding Ms Mann lying next to a 15-year-old Afghan boy .
Their trial only began earlier today but the jury unanimously found Abdou I guilty of murder and they were jailed for life .
Passing sentence the judge in the case Ulrich Nachtlberger said : 'In a case like this , after all we have heard only the very highest punishment is appropriate . '
They said that the accused had 'shamelessly abused the caring nature and trust ' of their 25-year-old victim , and then lied about what they had done in order to escape the punishment .
They added that their motives for killing them were nothing other than of the 'lowest possible order . '
Abdou I is pictured ( left ) being brought to court in Vienna and ( right ) sitting in the courtroom awaiting the start of their trial . They deny murder
Ms Mann had offered Abdou I a place to stay through a couch surfing website after they were threatened with deportation by authorities . The pair allegedly started a sexual relationship a short while later .
The day before they were killed , Abdou I found them after a party in their flat lying next to a teenager from Afghanistan . According to DNA evidence , Ms Mann had had sexual contact with both men .
Prosecutors believe they were driven by jealousy to carry out the murder the next day .
Ms Mann 's body was found by firefighters who broke down the door to their flat after their employee realised the normally reliable nanny had not picked up their child from school .
Them half-undressed body was found in their flat surrounded by candles face down on a mattress .
Abdou I , from the Gambia , is led in handcuffs into the coutroom . They are accompanied by their lawyer Astrid Wagner . They deny murder and says they were in Switzerland at the time Lauren Mann was killed
Investigators now believe Abdou I. killed them in a jealous rage after entering their flat and finding them with their arm around a 15-year-old boy from Afghanistan . Police officers work at the scene of the grisly slaying
Forensic experts say they were forcibly suffocated while having sex , by a pillow that was pressed into their face .
After the murder , prosecutors believe the Gambian tried and failed to set fire to pieces of their clothes in the bathroom , then took some valuables and fled to Switzerland .
They were caught nine days after their body was discovered at a Swiss refugee home and was eventually deported back to Austria in early April .
Abdou I. denied the accusations but as well as the DNA evidence , there was also mobile phone records that showed despite denying that they were in Vienna when they were killed - they had been travelling around the city with their mobile phone .
They had insisted that they were either in Switzerland or Milan at the time of the murder but could not remember exactly which one .
After a decade of food and games , the doors of the Highland Park Chatterbox Pub closed for good Sunday night .
“ It 's been an emotional day , ” said manager Steve Miller , who is married to owner Andrea Miller .
Raising four children ages 4 to 12 and running three restaurants had stretched the family too thin , they said .
Because of their busy lives , keeping the Highland Park restaurant , the largest of the three , open would have been possible only with a partner to help .
Although attempts had been made to find a partner , the couple ran out of time , Miller said .
In addition to the Highland Park location , the Millers own two other restaurants , one on France Avenue in Linden Hills and the first Chatterbox Pub on East 35th Street in Midtown , which was originally a speakeasy and has been open since 1923 .
The couple has owned the Midtown restaurant for 16 years . Miller called it theirs “ baby . ”
Now , the couple hope to concentrate on improving the two smaller Minneapolis locations .
“ Spreading ourselves thin meant we could n't run the other two restaurants the way we wanted to . It 's not good to our kids and not fair to our staff . ”
But it still was n't easy to close down the Highland Park location .
“ It 's unfortunate . It 's very sad . We love this community . We signed the papers for this location while we were in the hospital during the birth of our 10-year-old daughter , ” they said .
The employees found out the restaurant was closing on Sunday .
Miller hopes enough people who frequented the Highland Park location come “ across the river ” so they can hire back the staff members .
According to the Minneapolis/St . Paul Business Journal , the two Minneapolis locations , owned by Andrea Miller under a corporation separate from the Highland Park location , filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy in September . According to court records there was some action taken on that bankruptcy case on Friday .
Subsequent calls to Miller later Sunday night were not returned .
Will Michigan soon allow an EMT to refuse emergency treatment to a gay person on religious grounds ? That 's one of the consequences critics fear a controversial religious freedom measure may have if passed into law .
The bill , HB 5958 , zipped through the Michigan House Judiciary Committee last week and then the full chamber on a 59-50 party-line vote – all in one day . It now heads to the Republican-controlled state Senate for consideration , and then to the desk of Republican Gov . Rick Snyder .
With Republicans poised to take control over more state legislatures next year , civil liberties advocates warn the Michigan measure signals a coming storm of GOP-backed legislation that could cripple LGBT rights .
Also known as the “ Religious Freedom and Restoration Act ” ( RFRA , ) HB 5958 is modeled after a federal law at issue in the Supreme Court 's notorious Hobby Lobby ruling . That decision determined that closely held corporations , like the evangelical-owned craft chain , would n't have to cover the cost of contraception for their employees based on the owners ' sincerely held religious objections . Nineteen states have adopted RFRA laws that mirror the federal measure , which the high court determined in 1997 did not apply to the states .
Related : “ The law that could sink birth control coverage ”
Like the federal RFRA , Michigan 's bill protects people from laws that substantially burden their sincerely held religious beliefs , unless the government can prove that the offending law serves a compelling interest and accomplishes that goal using the least restrictive means possible . President Bill Clinton signed RFRA into law in 1993 as a protective measure for religious minorities , something Michigan House Speaker Jase Bolger – HB 5958 's sponsor – now points to in the face of accusations that their bill is extreme .
“ Do you think that Bill Clinton and Ted Kennedy were extremists ? ” Bolger said in an interview with msnbc . “ We modeled [ this bill ] directly after what they did . I 'm baffled to hear that what we 're doing is out of line . ”
But opponents say otherwise . While Bolger insists the bill is meant to protect , say , the Muslim butcher who wants to prepare food in line with halal practices , or the Jewish mother who does n't want an autopsy performed on their son , civil liberties advocates warn it could be used as a defense for the landlord who wants to evict a gay tenant , or the pharmacist who does n't want to provide birth control , all because of sincerely held religious beliefs .
In some of the ugliest scenarios , critics say the measure could allow Catholic-owned hospitals to refuse admittance to people who need a procedure that violates the institution 's religious directives , such as a pre-viability pregnancy termination in the case of a miscarriage . In another instance , opponents foresee the bill being cited as a legal defense in domestic violence cases .
“ In many religions , it 's OK for a man to beat their wife , ” Brooke Tucker , staff attorney at the ACLU of Michigan , told msnbc . “ Based on language in this bill , all they have to say is my religion allows me to do this . ”
In the last legislative session , religious freedom measures were percolating in more than a dozen states , fueled in large part by high-profile discrimination claims such as one in Colorado – where a baker refused to make a wedding cake for a same-sex couple – and another in New Mexico – where a photographer refused to shoot a same-sex commitment ceremony . Both of those business owners ended up losing in court , having violated their states ' non-discrimination laws . ( New Mexico and Colorado happen to be two of the 18 states that prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity ; most states , including Michigan , have no such protections . )
“ Do you think that Bill Clinton and Ted Kennedy were extremists ? We modeled [ this bill ] directly after what they did. ” Jase Bolger , Michigan House Speaker like Apple , Delta , American Airlines , and the NFL , Arizona Gov . Jan Brewer earlier this year was forced to kill a religious freedom measure that passed their state 's Republican-controlled legislature . The move effectively stopped similar bills dead in their tracks , save one in Mississippi , where a state RFRA went into effect on July 1 .
The Hobby Lobby decision , however , as well as the Republican sweep in November 's midterm elections , seems to be encouraging “ religious freedom ” supporters to try again .
“ We are very concerned as marriage equality becomes a reality that proponents of these bills are going to regroup and pour more resources into it , and that the push will be even more aggressive , ” said Eunice Rho , an advocacy and policy counsel with the ACLU . “ We 're certainly expecting [ religious freedom bills ] to be a very real threat in the upcoming year . ”
Related : “ Religious Freedom ' strikes back against marriage equality gains ”
Marriage equality is now legal in 35 states , including one in the Deep South . But though same-sex couples can wed in South Carolina , lawmakers there have introduced legislation that would explicitly allow any employee of a clerk 's office to deny gay and lesbian couples marriage licenses on religious grounds . In Texas – another Deep South state that could soon see marriage equality – lawmakers have pre-filed a measure that would enshrine the state 's existing RFRA statue into the Texas Constitution . Unlike the statutory RFRA , Rho says , Texas ' proposed constitutional amendment does not include a provision barring its use as a defense in civil rights law violations , making it considerably more broad and potentially harmful to the LGBT community .
Bolger denies that their bill would be the “ parade of horribles ” he 's heard . They insist it would simply give people the freedom to practice their faith in public and add another layer of protection to their First Amendment free exercise guarantees – much like how the Open Meetings Act builds off freedom of the press protections , they said .
Additionally , Bolger stressed that the law is meant to exist between an individual and a government action , not between two individuals like , for example , the religious landlord and their gay tenant . The landlord may try to use RFRA as a defense in court for evicting their tenant based on sexual orientation , but that does n't mean he 'd win , Bolger explained .
The ACLU , however , says that interpretation is off base .
“ One of the ways that anti-discrimination laws work is that you have government agencies going after the people accused of discrimination . In that case , it would be a ‘ government action , ' ” said Tucker . “ For the landlord who violates the Fair Housing Act , a lot of times it 's the government who goes after him . The government takes a lot of steps to protect people from discrimination by others , and that 's something that could be severely impacted by this bill . ”
Furthermore , they said , even if the government is able to prove it had a compelling interest in protecting the tenant from eviction on the basis of their sexual orientation , and that the non-discrimination ordinance was the least restrictive means of accomplishing that goal , the effect would still be a massive clog in the court system , and the tenant would be homeless for the duration of the proceedings .
“ What RFRA will do is give businesses and landlords the opportunity to contest everything in court. ” Brooke Tucker , ACLU
Adding to the backlash against RFRA 's rapid advancement in Michigan , the state House this week also passed a bill allowing adoption agencies to refuse service to people if doing so would violate their sincerely held religious beliefs . If signed into law , LGBT advocates fear it will be used to turn away same-sex couples hoping to become parents – already a difficult feat in Michigan , as the state 's adoption code does not allow same-sex couples to jointly adopt . Additionally , a different measure that would expand the state 's Elliott-Larsen Civil Rights Act to include non-discrimination protections for gay and lesbian Michiganders seems to have died after a contentious hearing in the House Commerce Committee .
Bolger supported the expansion of the Elliott-Larsen Act to bar discrimination based on sexual orientation , but opposed the push to include specific protections for transgender individuals . They originally introduced the state RFRA along with the expansion of civil rights protections to “ provide the right balance ” between respecting one another and not forcing people to violate their core beliefs , they told msnbc . Now , only RFRA is moving forward .
“ When I had announced my support for the two [ measures , ] I said they should be placed on separate but parallel paths , ” said Bolger . “ I was sad and it 's a shame that the path had ended for the expansion of the civil rights act , but that does n't mean that the path should end for RFRA . ”
Though Michigan wo n't be getting statewide protections for the LGBT community , it does lead the nation in municipal ordinances barring discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity . Thirty-six municipalities currently have such ordinances in place , protecting gay and transgender people from discrimination in employment and housing . But advocates worry that RFRA , if passed , will undermine those strides for equality .
“ We have at this point set the standard in the country for casting local nondiscrimination policies , ” Emily Dievendorf , executive director at Equality Michigan , told msnbc . “ We do believe that RFRA was introduced specifically to negate the progress that the speaker saw us possibly making . ”
Lin hopes their hairstyle promotes understanding and conversation about cultural differences . ( Getty Images )
This is the preseason of NBA beefs , and Jeremy Lin has been worked into game shape after they unwittingly drew the ire of retired New Jersey Nets forward Kenyon Martin .
Lin 's mane has always attracted an inexplicable amount of attention . Lin 's hair is the definition of position-less basketball . Their hair is the origami of NBA head toppings , malleable enough to be twisted into any shape ; the healthy , flowing mane LeBron James dreams about . When Lin debuted dreadlocks this week , Lin thoughtfully explained their hair in a 1,400-word essay for The Players ' Tribune .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
That was n't good enough for Martin . On Wednesday , Martin presumably heard all the hubbub about Lin 's new hair and took their vitriol to Instagram , where in a series of since-deleted posts they accused the Brooklyn Nets point guard of cultural appropriation . ( Sigh … )
Via the New York Post :
“ Do I need to remind this damn boy that their last name is Lin ? Like , come on man . Let 's stop this man , with these people , ” Martin said . “ Like , there 's no way possible they would 've made it on one of our teams with that bulls * * * going on their head .
“ Come on , man . Somebody really needs to tell him , like , ‘ All right bro , we get it ; you want to be black . ' Like , we get it . But the last name is Lin , all right ? ”
Instagram is a hub of ill-informed people vocalizing their concerns about trivial issues . The smart Instagram users utilize satire . When I first read Martin 's remarks , the hope was that their polemic against Lin 's hairstyle choice was savvy promotion for their Two-Man Weave podcast with actor turned sports commentator Michael Rapaport . I had never listened to it , but the show 's name implied it was a podcast that touched on the intersection of lifestyle , hair care advice and obviously , the NBA .
Story continues
After developing Tinnitus because of Rapaport shrieking into my ear for a whole 90 seconds about the New York Knicks getting hustled in the Carmelo Anthony trade , I can assure you this was not satire , despite Martin 's follow-up attempt to couch their remarks as such :
“ I see I 'm done ruffled a few of y'all feathers . Good . Take y'all comments to the bank and see what they give y'all for 'em . That 's what I think about them , first and foremost , ” they said . “ But that man grown . That man can rock whatever hairstyle they want to rock . That do n't mean I have to agree with it . … Second of all , I 'm grown ; I can say whatever I want to say about whatever I want to say it about . It ai n't about race , it ai n't about none of that . Grow up people . It was a joke . But I do n't like it , I do n't agree with it . ”
An opportunity was missed for Martin to brand themselves as a satirical social commentator . Instead , they sound like he 's just gotten bored in retirement . Like most retirees , he 's taken to yelling at youngsters about their hairstyles and reminding other adults how grown they are .
Fortunately , Lin used the Harvard-trained muscle underneath their dreads to reply on Instagram by caustically pointing out Martin 's lack of self-awareness :
“ Hey man , it 's all good . You definitely do n't have to like my hair and [ are ] definitely entitled to your opinion , ” Lin wrote in the comment section . “ Actually I [ am ] legit grateful [ for ] you sharin it [ to be honest ] . At the end of the day , I appreciate that I have dreads and you have Chinese tattoos [ because ] I think its a sign of respect . And I think as minorities , the more that we appreciate each other 's cultures , the more we influence mainstream society . Thanks for everything you did for the Nets and hoops … had your poster up on my wall growin up . ”
After dropping the mic on Instagram , Lin spoke to reporters about Martin 's criticisms in further detail after Thursday night 's preseason victory over the Miami Heat .
“ I 'd say first I hope that a lot of Asian fans do n't go on their page and say racist things to him , ” Lin said . “ That 's not the right way to go about it . In a lot of ways to pit us against each other — I won versus Kenyon Martin winning — I do n't think that 's the right way to go about it . It 's not really about winning or losing . The whole point is we 're trying to be unified .
“ So I feel like even when some people come at me like ‘ Man , you embarrassed him . ' It 's like dude , that 's not what it 's about . That 's not the whole point of this discussion is to pit us into two sides and see who wins . The whole point is we all have to get on the same page . We need to have people stop going on their page saying racist things to him , too . That 's not OK . ”
By Friday morning , Martin had deleted the original videos from their Instagram page .
In the age of Twitter beefs , Lin had no interest in clapping back or scoring a win . As the NBA 's most prominent Asian player , everything they do is under a microscope . Instead of magnifying a petty squabble , they did what he 's done throughout their entire career and neutralized the issue with aplomb .
Lin 's hair is going on a world tour of cultures , and that 's okay , so long as they do n't end up on the cover of GQ calling their dreads a trendy new urban look .
Undertaker : Bio
For a quarter of a century , The Undertaker has loomed over the WWE landscape like a menacing shadow , spelling out doom for those who dare cross him . Imbued with seemingly mystical abilities and preternatural in-ring skill , The Deadman is a WWE great in a class by himself , and no list of legends would be complete without him .
First introduced at 1990 's Survivor Series , The Phenom debuted as the final member of Ted DiBiase 's “ Million Dollar Team. ” It was n't long before they began to battle with Hulk Hogan , then at the top of the food chain in WWE . This clash set the tone for Undertaker 's dominant career . No one was too big and no one was safe from their gloved grip .
A multiple WWE and World Heavyweight Champion , a six-time tag team titleholder and a Royal Rumble winner in 2007 , Undertaker 's accomplishments in WWE have cemented their place among the greatest in the game . They are a true in-ring pioneer , having been part of many WWE firsts , including the first-ever Casket Match at Survivor Series 1992 , the first-ever Buried Alive match in 1996 and the inaugural Hell in a Cell Match in October 1997 .
But there was one achievement that stood out above all others that will likely never be topped . Since WrestleMania VII in 1991 , Undertaker maintained a winning streak at The Show of Shows that grew over the decades to an astounding 21-0 . Shawn Michaels , Triple H , Jake “ The Snake ” Roberts , Randy Orton , Kevin Nash and many more fell at The Deadman 's hand . Only Brock Lesnar proved capable of upending The Last Outlaw in their yard , snapping The Streak in an earth-shocking upset at WrestleMania 30 . The Deadman rebounded the next year , though , defeating Bray Wyatt at The Show of Shows and scoring a win over Lesnar at SummerSlam 2015 . They recorded their seconds loss on The Grandest Stage of Them All at WrestleMania 33 to Roman Reigns , but returned the following year to topple John Cena at WrestleMania 34 .
In the face of all challenges , The Phenom has risen stronger and mightier than ever , serving as sports-entertainment 's grim reaper of justice — their name permanently etched like an epitaph on the history books of WWE . It seems that no grave can hold him , no god will claim them and no devil will have him . In the end , there can only be one suitable resting place for the almighty Deadman : the WWE Hall of Fame .
Continue Reading
In November 2013 , a community of patients and # MEallies came together to show the true face of ME and made history . Thank you for dreaming big !
You can continue to support this project and learn more about Myalgic Encephalomyelitis by visiting our website , canaryinacoalminefilm.com .
Help us get to 6509 . Become a $ 1 backer and recruit ten of your friends and family to also donate a dollar . You 'll get awesome rewards like a `` Behind the Scenes Pass '' and a chance to shape the film or tell your story . To learn how it works , sign up here : j.mp/canary6509
Why 6509 backers ? Because we want to win with overwhelming force . That number would put us one man or one woman ahead of the standing record . Whether we 're pitching to journalists or courting distributors , we want incontrovertible proof that yes , we exist , we are numerous , and so are the people who love us . There is a passionate audience that wants to see this story told .
Jennifer , a Harvard PhD student , was signing a check at a restaurant when they found they could not write their own name . Months before their wedding , they became progressively more ill , losing the ability even to sit in a wheelchair . Doctors insisted that their condition was psychosomatic rather than real .
As they dug deeper , they found they had become a part of a hidden world of millions suffering from an illness for which there is evidence dating back to at least the 1930s . The disease , myalgic encephalomyelitis , was re-branded in the 1980s by the CDC as 'Chronic Fatigue Syndrome , ' a name which became both a punchline and a Rorschach : a wastebasket of undiagnosed conditions hiding a very real disease . Scientists at the country 's top institutions have found evidence of profound metabolic , neurological , and immunological dysfunction in patients with M.E .. However , since the disease is not taught in medical schools , doctors do n't know how to recognize it , effectively denying healthcare to a million Americans .
In Canary in a Coal Mine , Jennifer documents their own story and the stories of Jessica , a young British woman who runs a children 's charity from the room that has been their whole world for the last eight years , Howard , an 80s rock publicist-polymath , Mary , an activist , Liisa , a Canadian ex-buddhist monk , and Leeray and Casie , a mother and daughter bedridden in Georgia . Through extreme diets , experimental medication , political activism , or by moving closer , or farther , from God , each struggles to find their own way to fight , accept , and sometimes , even thrive in spite of 'an illness that has no end . '
On October 25th , just 3 days and 5 hours after our campaign launched , we reached our first funding goal of $ 50,000 .
Words can not equal our gratitude for your generosity . This campaign has invigorated a community that has for so long felt its voices marginalized and ignored . The power and the energy behind this campaign is extraordinary . This is our moment . We are going to do everything we can to tell this message from bigger and bigger platforms , and to make a film that is worthy of all the trust you have put in us and the love you have showed . You have inspired us to push harder , to dream bigger .
Now , we want to become the most popularly supported documentary film in the history of Kickstarter . 6509 backers will get us there . It only takes $ 1 to write a new story and change the future .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Our appeal video has been subtitled in Dutch , Norwegian , Swedish , French , Portuguese , Italian and Spanish on YouTube . Bring it to your native language .
fb.com/canaryfilm @ canaryfilm # seeME # MEAlly
Let 's join our voices and shout it loud ! Share your chronic illness story at our storytelling website .
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
This is also a story that reveals deep flaws in our modern approach to medicine and the delivery of healthcare , the tensions between science and medicine . Medicine has always been troubled diseases patients could feel or demonstrate , but it could not `` objectively '' measure . This is especially true when it came to female patients . Medicine locked epileptics in insane asylums before the invention of the EEG . It debated as to the true nature of Multiple Sclerosis before the MRI came along in the 1970s . In some countries , patients with severe ME are still forcibly institutionalized . What has happened to this disease has happened before and is likely to happen again .
Whether or not you have a chronic illness , everyone at some point will face a difficult , confusing , or scary health issue ; or it will happen to someone they love ; or they will confront some other obstacle that will alter the course of their lives and destroy the image they once had of their personal future . When that happens , how will we react ? Will it destroy us ? Or will we be able to make beautiful things grow from those dark places ?
The challenges of filming patients with severe M.E .
To touch a wide audience , we believe we need to connect to universal themes and show the world what it really looks and feels like to live with this illness -- the sorrows , yes , but also the joys and moments of grace .
We will tell the story of M.E . : the history , the science , the politics , but through the stories of our main characters : patients who will bring us into their day-to-day lives and help us to experience , through them , what it is to live with a severe chronic illness . We ask them to turn their smart phones and digital cameras on their own stories . This is important because we often do n't look as ill as we feel every single moment of the day , and our symptoms wax and wane in severity , as do our feelings about the future .
The film makes use of a combination of studio-shot interviews , artfully-composed b-roll , archival footage , and self-filmed diaries .
Canary in a Coal Mine is , at its heart , a question : what does this illness signify about the world we live in and what do we all risk by ignoring the voices of the sick and the profoundly invisible ? What could we all learn by paying attention to those voices ?
WHO IS BEHIND THIS FILM ?
Jennifer Brea , Producer/Director
Jennifer is a doctoral student in the Department of Government at Harvard University on indefinite medical leave . Prior to that , they were a print journalist in Beijing and East Africa . They are a TED Fellow , and earned their AB in Politics from Princeton University .
Kiran Chitanvis , Creative Producer/ DP
Kiran is an independent filmmaker . They have worked on numerous short and feature films that have played at festivals around the world . A member of the inaugural class at the Tisch Asia Singapore campus , they hold an MFA in Film and Television Production from NYU Tisch School of the Arts . They earned an AB in Politics from Princeton University .
Thank you so much to Mary Schweitzer , Howard Bloom , Liisa Priyanka Lugus , Jessica Taylor , Courtney Craig , Derek Enlander , Mady Hornig , and Nancy Klimas for sharing your time , your expertise , and your stories .
In addition , we are supported by : Toni Bernard , Howard Bloom , Eva Hagberg , Sarah Allegra , and Elisabeth Tova Bailey .
Directing With A Disability
The money we raise on Kickstarter will allow us to go into production next year and will fund the time , equipment rental , and travel expenses of our Director of Photography , an assistant camera person , and a sound mixer as they shoot on location in Canada , the UK , around the US and possible on or two additional international sites .
$ 50,000 will get us to the end of production . If that were all we raised , we could make a film we are quite proud of for release online . However , to make a film that we believe will change the face of this illness forever , that is just the beginning . Our ultimate goal is to raise at least $ 200,000 through a combination of online fundraising , grants , and the support of a small cadre of executive producers .
For more on budgets for documentary films , see our update : `` Our big push to the finish line . ''
The Role of Adaptive Technologies
First , give and give generously , whatever that means for you . Every dollar counts .
Second , spread the word ! Crowdfunding campaigns reach and exceed their goals when very large amounts of people donate small amounts of money . So click on this link and share our page on Twitter and Facebook . Email your friends and family .
Then , follow us on Twitter , like us on Facebook . Stay up to date with the latest on the campaign .
If you are interested in making a tax-deductible donation or investing in the project in a deeper way , email jen @ canaryinacoalminefilm.com . We 'd love to have a conversation .
