If you rely on sleeping pills to fall asleep , you could be putting your health at risk , a new study suggests .
Research published in the journal BMJ Open shows that people who take 18 or fewer sleeping pills per year have a 3.5 times higher risk of dying , compared with people who do n't take the pills .
And the effect seems to be even higher with the more pills you take -- CBS News reported that people who take 132 or more sleeping pills a year have a five-times higher risk of death , as well as a 35 percent increased risk of developing cancer .
`` We are not certain . But it looks like sleeping pills could be as risky as smoking cigarettes , '' study researcher Dr. Daniel F. Kripke , MD , an emeritus professor of psychiatry at the University of California , San Diego , told WebMD . `` It looks much more dangerous to take these pills than to treat insomnia another way . ''
WebMD reported that common hypnotic sleeping pills , including Ambien ( zolpidem ) and Restoril ( temazepam ) were linked with the increased risk of death .
The study included 10,529 people who took sleeping pills , and 23,676 people who did not take sleeping pills , all with an average age of 54 . They were followed for an average of two-and-a-half-years .
According to BBC News , experts say that people should n't be overly alarmed by the findings of the study , and should talk to their doctor if they have concerns about their sleeping medication .
ABC News also pointed out that the study makes no mention of whether the people in the study were also being simultaneously treated for other health conditions , or the reasons for why they were given sleeping pills .
`` Most chronic conditions , including cancer , are associated with insomnia and mortality , '' Dr. Steven Scharf , a professor of medicine at the University of Maryland in Baltimore , who was not involved in the study , told ABC News . `` Who knows what the cause here was ? ''
The Los Angeles Times previously reported that sleeping pill use among Americans has grown recently -- in 2008 , there were a record-high 56 million prescriptions for the drugs . The LA Times explained that stress and anxiety over money , the economy and jobs are big factors in the sleeplessness prompting the pill use .
Determining how far to go in trying to keep the comedian from spreading their vision and assessing how to gauge when those efforts are counterproductive are among the tricky tasks facing the French authorities . At the same time , right-wing populists , some of whom similarly hold anti-Semitic views , seem poised to make electoral gains across much of Europe — and not least of all in France , where the far right National Front has a higher approval rating than the other two major parties .
Freedom of speech is less protected in France than in the United States , and there is widespread support for seeking to muzzle Mr. M'bala M'bala . But their case has set off a new debate over the limits of free expression , with advocates for civil liberties asserting that the government risks overreacting and endangering basic freedoms as well as adding to their luster by making them into a martyr . Lawyers say they are particularly concerned that the government has pre-emptively banned theirs shows .
“ These preliminary injunctions that have been pronounced against their shows are dangerous not for Dieudonné , but because citing ‘ a risk to public order ' opens the way for other similar injunctions , ” said Agnès Tricoire , a lawyer who specializes in intellectual property and freedom of expression and represents the French League of Human Rights , a group that has a more American and British view of freedom of expression .
Ms. Tricoire noted that two of the legal grounds for complaints against Mr. M'bala M'bala are highly subjective : that they are a threat to public order and that their performances defame the humanity of a group or community . They have also been accused of denying the Holocaust — a crime in France — and of inciting hatred .
“ The notion of violating human dignity is claimed by certain pressure groups who want to forbid performances for moral reasons , ” they said , noting that a similar argument could be used by the far right to try to prohibit art shows or theater even before a performance because those groups view them as immoral . So far , the French government has refrained from bowing to such pressure , even going so far as protecting audiences from protesters when they object to artistic performances .
FEC filings reveal that Paul Ryan 's Prosperity PAC made a payment of $ 5,000 on June 26 to Richard Mourdock , the Indiana Senate candidate under fire for comments Tuesday night that pregnancy from rape is `` something God intended . ''
In response to a question in the Indiana debate about abortion in cases of rape and incest , Mourdock said in full : ‘ ‘ I struggled with it myself for a long time , but I came to realize that life is that gift from God . And , I think , even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape , that it is something that God intended to happen . ''
Since Tuesday night , Republicans affiliated with Mourdock have distanced themselves from the candidate 's remark .
U.S. Rep. Mike Pence , the Republican candidate in Indiana 's race for governor , said in a statement Wednesday morning , `` I strongly disagree with the statement made by Richard Mourdock during last night 's Senate debate . I urge them to apologize . ''
In a statement to the Associated Press Wednesday morning , Romney campaign spokesperson Andrea Saul said Romney `` disagrees with Richard Mourdock 's comments , and they do not reflect their views . ''
The leadership PAC , still affiliated with the Vice Presidential nominee , has given contributions of similar amounts to Republican Senate campaigns this cycle such as North Dakota 's Rick Berg and Nevada 's Dean Heller .
Election official reports high tensions and record turnout as state is expected to pass constitutional ban on same-sex unions
The North Carolina election to decide on a state constitution amendment to ban same-sex unions has emotions running high at polling stations and is the `` craziest in 13 years '' , according to a senior official at the board of elections in the state capital .
Gary Sims , the deputy director of Wake County board of elections in Raleigh , told the Guardian that there were `` some really angry people '' on both sides of the highly-charged debate .
Observers from the Republican party have sought to `` challenge and confront '' precinct officials from the board and were `` clogging up the phone lines '' back at Wake County headquarters . `` This is the craziest election I 've seen in 13 years '' said Sims , at their office next to the courthouse .
`` We 've seen political party observers who are not precinct officials . They can ask to be observers . They want to challenge and confront and it 's a problem for our precinct officials . ''
They said the reason for the confrontations varied , from calling up the board of elections to complain that there was n't a chair for them to sit on to pushing officials to get people to show ID at the polls .
`` They have been clogging up the phone lines and getting mad at us , '' said Sims . `` People have to state their names and addresses and we check them . But they are challenging officials to make them show ID . They have an agenda , the ones that we 've been getting trouble from . ''
When asked whether the trouble was coming from the groups for or against Amendment 1 , Sims said : `` Put it this way : we had zero Democratic party observers . '' They added : `` I 've probably said more than I should . ''
There were also problems with voters not being registered turning up to vote , they said . `` We are seeing a very high turnout . '' The state has already seen the record number of early voters .
The outcome of the poll on Amendment 1 , which would ban same-sex marriage , civil unions and would even prevent state recognition of heterosexual domestic partnerships , is being closely monitored across America .
High profile figures , including President Barack Obama and former president Bill Clinton , who recorded telephone calls to voters , have asked them to reject the amendment . Opponents also held marches , put out television ads and gave speeches , including one by Jay Bakker , son of televangelists Jim Bakker and the late Tammy Faye Bakker .
Billy Graham , the evangelical preacher who at age 93 remains influential in the state where they have a stretch of road named after him , was featured in full-page newspaper ads supporting the amendment .
Both sides spent a combined $ 3m on their campaigns . The latest polls predicted the measure will pass .
Twenty-eight states have already passed a constitutional amendment defining marriage as solely between a man and a woman . However , the amendment to the North Carolina constitution goes beyond current state law , which already bans same-sex marriage , by preventing other forms of domestic unions from carrying legal status .
Lawyers and campaigners for the anti-amendment campaign have warned that this could cause a host of problems for unmarried couples , including erasing health benefits for the children of public employees in certain parts of the state . They also say it could disrupt protection orders for unmarried couples and impact victims of domestic violence .
• This article was amended on 9 May to correct a sentence that stated that the North Carolina state constitution already banned same-sex marriage . It should have said that same-sex marriage is already banned under state law .
ESPNcricinfo is a Windows Phone sports app to keep you up to date on all the cricket action going on around the world . Cricket the game , not cricket as in Jiminy Cricket .
ESPNcricinfo covers international matches , ICC tournaments and major domestic leagues including English county championships , Indian Premier League and Champions League . The app is laid out nicely , as with any ESPN app , with pages covering match scores , news , magazine articles , and a tile menu that pulls up stats , videos , settings , rankings and more .
Other features for ESPNcricinfo include :
Live game coverage that includes commentary , scores , match graphics , player profiles , and sideline reports
`` Lean Back '' mode for full-screen viewing that allows you to lean back and enjoy the match
Live tile support to pin games to your Start Screen
Push notifications for instant alerts for wickets , batsman milestones , and score updates ..
While the game of cricket is n't very prominent in my neck of the woods , I can see ESPNcricinfo being a handy app to have for those who follow the game . ESPNcricinfo is a free app for your Windows Phone and you can snatch it up here at the Windows Phone Marketplace .
Thanks , bilzkh , for the tip !
Just a day after reports surfaced that Google Fiber may reconsider an expansion of its coveted gigabit internet service in Louisville and other cities , local leaders were doubling down on efforts to stir excitement for the ultra-high speed connectivity .
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this week that costly and time-intensive infrastructure installations in cities across the country may be causing Google Fiber to change course on its plan to bring faster internet to a number of cities . Projects in San Jose , California , and Portland , Oregon , are currently suspended , according to the newspaper .
Louisville is one of 12 Google Fiber expansion cities ; both San Jose and Portland are also on that list .
In an interview , Ted Smith , Louisville 's chief innovation officer , dismissed the report . They said Google Fiber has not disclosed any plans to delay the service 's expansion in Louisville .
But the news appears to be prompting action locally . Since the Wall Street Journal report surfaced Monday , Mayor Greg Fischer and Bill Dieruf , mayor of Jeffersontown , have each issued separate news releases touting their desire to bring gigabit internet to the area .
“ Gigabit connectivity is a key to creating socioeconomic opportunity and equity in a global economy , ” Fischer said in a release Tuesday announcing a grant awarded to the city for a “ gigabit experience center . ”
Related Story Document Details Google Fiber Timeline , Investment In Louisville
The $ 30,000 grant comes from the nonprofit Next Century Cities and will outfit an existing community center with gigabit connectivity , according to city officials .
“ It 's one of those things that need to be experienced , ” Smith said .
The service is considered to be up to 100 times faster than what 's currently available and comes at a lower cost to consumers , they said .
It 's unclear just where the center will be established . Smith said it will likely be in a community center in Russell . The area is the focus of a string of revitalization efforts , and earlier this year , city officials set up a solar-powered WiFi hotspot in the neighborhood .
Smith said the gigabit experience center will be the “ fastest hotspot in our community . ”
They said the grant would fund the internet service for about a year . Funding for the installation of needed infrastructure , like cabling , is yet to be secured , they said .
Hours after that announcement , Dieruf announced they would hold a ceremony later this week to present a signed franchise agreement to a Google Fiber representative .
The agreement is signed by the mayors of some 80 smaller cities within Jefferson County and “ are the culmination of nearly a year 's efforts to develop a strategy for the construction of a county-wide fiber network from the ground up . ”
Local legislators have made a concerted push in recent months to streamline fiber internet installation for providers like Google Fiber . Joint franchise agreements like the one Dieruf will praise later this week are one example .
Others , like a controversial “ one touch make ready ” ordinance approved earlier this year by the Louisville Metro Council , sparked a lawsuit from AT & T Kentucky . Metro government is now defending the ordinance in court .
The move by AT & T could help the telecommunications provider get a head start on Google Fiber and other potential fiber internet competitors , said Jason Hiner , global editor-in-chief of TechRepublic .
They said it could also set a precedent for Google Fiber 's future expansion .
“ It 's a pretty important test case , ” they said . “ For the future of internet in the U.S. , it has pretty huge implications . ”
There is also an economic impact of bringing the service to Louisville .
Under current plans , Google Fiber is expected to invest between $ 300 million and $ 1 billion to install needed infrastructure in Louisville . Homeowners connected to the service may also see their property values increase by as much as $ 5,000 , Smith said .
Jane has issued their boyfriend with a list of 20 rules and a T-shirt before their trip to Ibiza ( Picture : Jane Park/Facebook )
A girl has drawn up a list of 20 rules they want their new boyfriend to stick to while he 's on a lads ' holiday to Ibiza and we definitely would n't mess with them
See rule no . 12 : ‘ No tattoos . I will even check ur willy . Unless it 's my name do n't bother ' .
Jane Park , 20 , from Edinburgh , who also happens to be Britain 's youngest lottery winner ( she won a £1 million jackpot in 2012 ) , drew up the list in in their phone notes for boyfriend Connor George , 21 ahead of their week away with their mates .
Jane shared the rules on their Facebook page yesterday , writing : ‘ Psycho Jane at it again😂🔪👀 ' .
Click to enlarge ( Picture : Jane Park/Facebook )
Oh , and she 's also designed a ‘ girlfriend T-shirt ' for them to wear . It has their face on it , as well as picture of the couple together , and says : ‘ If you are reading this….you are too close to my boyfriend ' .
( Picture : Jane Park/Facebook )
We 're particularly enjoying their sign off : ‘ Be safe , enjoy yourself , because it 's the last boys ' holiday you 'll be on ' .
Advertisement
Advertisement
And then there 's the p.p.s : ‘ Be careful , I may turn up , love u. Jane ' . In other words , do n't get too comfortable .
But , it seems , Connor is taking it all in good spirit . They have already promised to wear their girlfriend tee ‘ with pride ' and wrote on their page last night : ‘ some laugh reading tweets/statuses about my Ibiza rules , think some folk need to realise what a joke is though ! Jane Park hurry up n get my t-shirt delivered💃🏽 .
Jane talking about their lottery win on This Morning back in 2012
Although we think Jane is fully prepared to follow through on their threats . ‘ It 's funny but I am being deadly serious , ' they said last night . ‘ He is a nice guy and I trust him . They said he 'll wear it with pride . '
And if they do n't , Jane might just pop up in Ibiza to remind him .
MORE : This boyfriend had a brilliant response to a random guy trying to tell off their girlfriend
MORE : Athlete 's girlfriend has brilliant comeback when they opt for gold condom
Advertisement Advertisement
`` Living on the moon…Whatever were we thinking ? ... It seems so silly now . ”
The lunar colony is slowly winding down , like a small town circumvented by a new superhighway . As our hero , the Mooncop , makes their daily rounds , their beat grows ever smaller , the population dwindles . A young girl runs away , a dog breaks off their leash , an automaton wanders off from the Museum of the Moon . Each day that the Mooncop goes to work , life gets a little quieter and a little lonelier .
As in Goliath , Tom Gauld 's retelling of the Bible story , the focus in Gauld 's science fiction is personal—no big explosions or grand reveals , just the incremental dissolution of an abandoned project and a person 's slow awakening to their own uselessness . Depicted in the distinctive , matter-of-fact style of their beloved Guardian strips , Mooncop is equal parts funny and melancholy . Gauld captures essential truths about humanity , making this a story of the past , present , and future , all in one .
The main goal of the Prohibition era was to effectively enforce a ban on the production and consumption of alcoholic beverages . However , like most situations where there are set rules , someone is bound to break them . While legislation was enacted to curb the drinking in America , many argue that alcohol consumption rose to record levels during the Prohibition ( specifically , consumption was decreasing during the years before the Prohibition , and rose to new peaks a few years after , with the Prohibition still in effect ) . When Prohibition went into effect and there were a number of new problems — such as a drinking epidemic among children — that had not been there before .
So where does the Conspiracy lie in all of this ? Well many people went to the hospital during this time due to alcohol-induced illnesses . Doctors were accustomed to alcohol poisoning by then , the routine of life in the Prohibition era . The bootlegged liquor often made people sick . The alcohol produced in hidden stills ( which were illegal by law ) frequently came tainted with impurities . But this outbreak was bizarrely different . The deaths , as investigators would shortly realize , came courtesy of the U.S. government .
Frustrated that people continued to consume so much alcohol even after placing a ban , federal officials had decided to try a different method of enforcement . They ordered the poisoning of alcohols manufactured in the United States , products regularly stolen by bootleggers and resold as drinkable spirits . The plan was to scare people into giving up illegal drinking . Instead , by the time Prohibition ended in 1933 , the federal “ poisoning program ” , by some estimates , had killed over 10,000 people .
The government redesigned formulas used to make industrial alcohol undrinkable . These “ formulas ” included adding kerosene , gasoline , and benzene , among other things , to the alcohol , making it toxic . Denaturing of alcohol lead to a drastic increase in the number of ill-people and deaths . Some anti-Prohibitionists , including Missouri Senator James Reed and New York Medical Examiner Charles Norris , spoke out against this poisoning program . After the uproar created by these individuals from speaking out , the Prohibition eventually ended in 1933 . The bottom line is the FBI used lethal chemicals in an attempt to steer people away from alcohol , and the results were horrid . How do you guys feel about this situation ?
A good book to check out if you ever get the chance is , “ The Poisoner 's Handbook . ”
At least 33 refugees drowned off Turkey 's Aegean coast as they tried to reach a Greek island , and a search and rescue operation was under way for the remaining passengers .
Turkey 's private Dogan News Agency , which reported the 33 deaths on Monday , said that one boat set sail from Turkey 's Edremit coastal district and the other from the town of Dikili , further south .
Both were headed for the Greek island of Lesbos , just a few kilometres away .
One refugee was rescued by a fisherman and three more were rescued by the coastguard , which said it had deployed boats and helicopters to search for 13 more passengers .
A coastguard official told Reuters the death toll was lower , at 22 .
READ MORE : Life-jacket mountain a metaphor for Greece 's refugees
Monday 's deaths came as Turkish and German officials held talks to stem the flow of refugees bound for Europe .
The deaths also came as tens of thousands of Syrians remain stranded at the border with Turkey after fleeing a Russia-backed government offensive in Aleppo .
More than 900,000 people fleeing Syria , Afghanistan and other war-torn or impoverished countries arrived in Greece from Turkey last year , often risking their lives in the short but perilous sea crossing in overloaded boats .
Last month marked the deadliest January on record for refugees trying to reach Europe , as more than 250 died while making the journey .
Update 8.1 for Autopilot 2.0
2017 has already been a busy year for Tesla , which has been focused on bringing its latest Autopilot system to parity with the features of its first generation system . Earlier this year , the company began rolling out an enhanced version of its Autopilot software . That version includes a number of new features , such as traffic aware cruise control , a forward collision warning , and an Autosteer beta version .
Now , Tesla CEO Elon Musk has revealed in a tweet that the long-awaited Update 8.1 , which promises to be the next big step for all Tesla owners , will be available in “ 10 days or so. ” Musk added that the 8.1 update is dependent on the improvements made with Autopilot 2.0 — “ full speed autosteer test results , ” to be exact .
What 's in 8.1 ?
Tesla has recently been pushing for updates on vehicles that are equipped with its advanced Hardware 2 platform , and all these updates are geared toward making Tesla 's vehicles capable of fully autonomous driving , which the company hopes to achieve by the end of 2017 . Version 17.7.2 of its Autopilot firmware was released last month , and it introduced autonomous parallel parking . Two weeks ago , the company rolled out Version 17.9.3 , which raised the speed limit for autonomous driving on undivided roads from approximately 80 to 88 km/h ( 50 to 55 mph ) .
Tumors that have plagued green sea turtles worldwide for decades may be caused by pollution , a new study says .
Nitrogen-rich runoff from sewers and farms is fueling a rise in invasive seaweed that , when consumed by the reptiles , may trigger an otherwise dormant herpes virus . This virus in turn causes the often fatal growths .
The cauliflower-like tumors—which can sprout on a turtle 's eyes , mouth , joints , and internal organs—have contributed to declines in the 4-foot-long ( 1.2-meter-long ) turtles . Listed as endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature , green sea turtles are found in the world 's tropical and subtropical waters . ( See sea turtle pictures . )
In some parts of Hawaii , where green sea turtle strandings occur regularly , as many as 90 percent of stranded dead or dying turtles discovered have been afflicted with the disease , according to study leader Kyle Van Houtan , an ecologist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center in Honolulu .
Wherever the turtle strandings occur , there is often evidence of sewage and invasive algae , Van Houtan said .
Until now , however , hard evidence that pollution factors into the turtles ' disease has remained elusive , they noted .
Polluted Areas Are Turtle-Tumor Hot Spots
Van Houtan and colleagues analyzed human activities on land to calculate a `` nitrogen footprint '' for each watershed—an area that drains into a water body—on the Hawaiian islands of Oahu , the Big Island , and Maui ( see map ) . The team also studied 28 years ' worth of data on green sea turtle strandings on the islands .
Comparing the two data sets , the scientists found that diseased turtles strand more in areas with high nitrogen runoff from agriculture , sewers , and cities .
These turtle-tumor hot spots are `` the places that I would n't necessarily want to go surfing after a rain … because of the nasty stuff that would show up '' in the ocean , Van Houtan added .
Nitrogen Awakens Herpes Viruses
The scientists do n't think the nitrogen-loaded runoff causes tumors directly . Instead , there may be a chain of interactions that starts with a nitrogen-fed boom in nonnative seaweed , at least in Hawaii .
Nitrogen acts as a fertilizer in oceans , and is a main cause of oxygen-sucking algae blooms called dead zones .
Around the Hawaiian islands , several seaweed species were either accidentally introduced or deliberately harvested for food crops and later `` escaped '' cultivation and spread into the wild .
For instance , hookweed—native to the Mediterranean , the Caribbean , the Indian Ocean , and the Philippines—was introduced to Hawaii in 1974 . Gorillo ogo and spiny seaweed came from the Pacific and Indian Oceans and Guam , respectively .
The seaweed absorbs the extra nitrogen and converts it into an amino acid—the building block of protein—called arginine . When turtles eat the seaweed , arginine awakens dormant herpes viruses in the turtles ' bodies that generate the tumors .
It 's possible that nonnative seaweed in Hawaii is better than native seaweed species at converting nitrogen to arginine , Van Houtan noted .
And because Hawaiian green sea turtles now rely on the invasive seaweed for food , Van Houtan suspects the animals get dosed with tumor-triggering amino acids at every meal .
Turtle Tumors Have Other Causes ?
Alonso Aguirre , a wildlife epidemiologist with the environmental nonprofit EcoHealth Alliance in New York , praised the study for confirming the link between pollution and sea turtle tumors .
But they also said that the tumors ' cause may be more complicated .
The pollution-virus link is `` a very simplistic pathway to explain the whole disease , '' Aguirre said , adding they suspect other factors , such as water temperature , and possibly additional viruses , are at play .
Regardless of exactly how the tumors form , Aguirre said the study shows that `` the turtles … are telling us that something is happening to the oceans in a way that now , we have to pay attention . ''
Contrary to popular belief , the tyrant lizard king was not built for speed . Instead , the mighty Tyrannosaurus rex was typically restricted to a brisk walk , according to a rigorous new computer model .
The top speed of a T. rex has been a long-standing debate among paleontologists . Previously , the best estimates indicated that the large lizard could run between 11 and 33 miles an hour .
That means that in an imagined race between a person and the iconic dinosaur , there was the possibility that a T. rex could outrun the world 's fastest human , who clocks in around 27 miles an hour .
Now , paleontologist William Sellers from the University of Manchester and their colleagues have crunched the numbers using even more comprehensive information .
TIL : Dinosaurs May Have Danced Like Birds Fossil research has shown that birds and dinosaurs shared behaviors such as brooding and nest building . According to paleontologist and National Geographic grantee Jack Horner , it also stands to reason that dinosaurs had similar courting behaviors as today 's birds .
According to their results , published this week in the journal PeerJ , the lower end of the estimate is more accurate : T. rex probably could only reach around 12 miles an hour . Any faster , and its bones would have shattered .
Slow and Steady
Decades ago , paleontologists would point to individual parts of the T. rex skeleton and say it proved that the dinosaur was either fast or slow . Superficially comparing T. rex limbs to ostrich limbs , for instance , it stood to reason that the 40-foot-long dinosaur could have been quick . ( Here 's what it would feel like to pet a T . rex . )
With the advent of more complex biomechanical models , though , scientists can get much closer to an answer . ( Also see our best look yet at a tyrannosaur 's face . )
“ You need to put all parts together to get a full picture . Just looking at morphology alone wo n't get you there , ” says John Hutchinson , an evolutionary biomechanics expert at the Royal Veterinary College in London who was not involved in the study .
One of the new factors taken into account in this model was bone stress . A bone can only handle so much pressure while running before it shatters . Sellers and their team developed their new model using the total body weight of a T. rex—around seven tons—along with the mechanical properties of bone .
This is a slightly different approach than has been used in the past , Hutchinson says .
“ This study uses the assumption that at maximum speed , the muscles were n't the limiting factor , ” they say . “ At the previously proposed top speed , T. rex would have shattered foot bones , according to this model . ”
As Sellers says in the study , T. rex was not one of the more “ athletic ” dinosaurs on the Cretaceous landscape—and that 's not a huge surprise to most paleontologists .
“ The movie image of T. rex is wrong , ” says Stephen Brusatte , a paleontologist at the University of Edinburgh who was not involved in the study . “ Paleontologists have realized this for over a decade now , and this new study drives it home by providing the most sophisticated computer modeling studies yet . ”
Still , people take any demotion of a “ celebrity dinosaur ” like T. rex pretty seriously , Hutchinson notes . “ It has to be fast or else it wo n't be cool . People have an emotional tie to it . ”
Brusatte agrees , adding that this study will throw more doubt on dinosaur lovers ' favorite cinematic moments .
“ No way T. rex could have chased down that Jeep in Jurassic Park if it was going at highway speeds , ” they say . “ Maybe if it was in first gear , but even that 's a big if . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY - The search continues for the person who killed an Oklahoma mother and their son , then set their house on fire .
A memorial full of teddy bears and toys grows each day outside the home of 41-year-old Julie Mason and 7-year-old Keagon Bruce .
On Dec. 17 , crews battled a fire at their home near N.W . 80th and Western .
As heavy flames were coming from the front of the house , firefighters found two victims inside the home . They brought them out through a back window , but quickly learned that Mason had already died .
Bruce was rushed to the hospital , but did n't make it .
We now know the two died violent deaths .
Officials with the Oklahoma State Medical Examiner 's Office say Mason died from sharp force , blunt force trauma , and thermal damage .
They say Bruce died from the same kind of blunt force trauma , smoke inhalation , and a thermal injury .
Another report obtained by NewsChannel 4 shows both victims appeared to have severe skull fractures .
“ I 'm just shocked . Who would do such a thing ? ” friend Justin Deemy said .
11 days after the murders , no arrests have been made .
As each day goes by , Deemy still mourns the loss of their friend .
“ We hung out a lot during the summer . They would come by pretty much every day , ” Deemy said .
Fire investigators wo n't tell us anything about the fire , other than it was started by a person .
We do know it was a fast-moving fire that destroyed the house , and police desperately want to find the person responsible .
“ Investigators are still looking into every possible lead to figure out exactly what happened at the house that night , ” Officer Megan Morgan , with the Oklahoma City Police Department , said .
If you have any information on this crime , call the Homicide Tipline at ( 405 ) 297-1200 .
Since our last crime and safety recap , we 've gotten plenty of crime updates from tipsters , businesses , community websites , and the SFPD . Most notably , many local businesses have come forward with reports of recent burglaries , some of which share a similar break-in method . ( All reports below come via the SFPD , unless otherwise noted . )
Witnesses Help Detain Phone Robbery Suspect
On March 21st at 10pm , a woman , 34 , was texting when a younger man , 15 , grabbed their phone and struggled with them The suspect overpowered the woman and fled on foot . People in the area stopped and detained the suspect until police could arrive . The suspect was arrested and the phone and headphones were returned to the victim .
Eureka Street Vehicle Rollover
We reported on a vehicle rollover on March 24th around 8:55pm near Eureka and Market . The vehicle , a Mercedes-Benz , apparently lost control , hit something , and rolled over . Upon hearing the loud noise of the crash , neighbors called 911 and assisted the two occupants until emergency personnel arrived on scene and helped the occupants out of the vehicle through the sunroof . Both appeared shaken up but not injured , and were transported to the hospital for further evaluation .
Henry Street Hot Prowl
An anonymous tipster told us about a frightening incident in their Henry Street apartment on March 25th .
`` Around 4:50am , a man entered my apartment through the bathroom window . Luckily my boyfriend heard the noise and got up thinking it was me coming home from work . When they turned the lights on , they saw a strange man in the kitchen . My boyfriend opened the door and told them to get out . The man took off running . The police came out and took a report . ''
SFPD confirmed the incident in their report and listed the male suspect as appearing to be 25-30 . No arrest has been made .
Castro Retail Burglaries
Multiple local businesses have noted increased incidents of burglary as of late . We recently covered break-ins at Jungle Red Salon and Zapata Mexican Grill , as well as at Crystal Way . All three of these businesses had burglars using crowbars to either pry open doors and windows , or to smash a window as accomplices looked out for witnesses and police .
Burglars also hit Church Street , with Karizma being broken into on March 27th , early in the morning . An employee , who wanted to remain anonymous , confirmed that the front door was smashed , but could not comment on any items being stolen as an SFPD investigation was underway .
Even smaller items are being stolen from the front of businesses . Pet supply shop Best In Show , at 545 Castro St. , reported that an A-frame sign was stolen from the sidewalk in front of the shop .
`` If anyone in the neighborhood sees it , or you have any questions , could you please email info @ bestinshowsf.com or call Richard at 415-336-3120 or 415-864-7387 ? Thanks very much in advance . ''
Francesco D'Ippolito , the owner of Poesia at 4072 18th St. , also sent in a tip about the security issues their business has dealt with .
`` My restaurant has been broken in twice in the last year . They came through the back window , coming from the backyard . Now I installed cameras hoping this wo n't happen again . ''
Noe Street Hot Prowl
On March 28th at 2am , a man , 22-26 , entered a house near Noe and 14th by crawling through the front window . The suspect stole a wallet , currency , and credit and ID cards before moving further into the house . They opened a door and was confronted by someone in the house . The suspect fled with the items and no arrest has been made .
Robbery With Handgun
A man , 31 , was robbed by two men , 19-23 , on March 29th at 11:19pm near Grandview Avenue and Market . The suspects drove up to the victim in a black 4-door vehicle and pointed a handgun at the victim , demanding their cell phone . The victim gave them the phone and the suspects fled in their vehicle along Grandview . No arrests have been made .
Midday Duboce Carjacking
We reported on a March 31st midday carjacking in Duboce Triangle . At 2pm , a man , 58 , was dropping off a passenger near Church and Duboce , when another man hopped into the driver 's seat ( the keys were in the ignition and the engine was running ) . The vehicle 's owner tried to stop the thief and was punched multiple times by the suspect , who then drove away with the vehicle while the victim held on . The thief then slammed on the brakes , throwing the victim to the ground , before driving off . The victim suffered abrasions to their hands and knees , but refused medical treatment , and neither the car nor the suspect have been located .
Dolores Park Robbery With Knife
On April 1st at 5am , a 23-year-old man was walking near 19th and Dolores when another man , 35 , exited a gray van , brandished a knife , and demanded the younger man 's property . The victim complied , and the suspect took a cell phone , credit and ID cards , and a medical card . No arrest has been made .
Vehicle Break-Ins
Nextdoor users report regularly on smashed windows and other vehicle break-ins , but there seems to be a higher frequency of user posts as of late . Incidents near Duboce , along Divisadero , and at Douglass Street include video evidence of thieves doing casing before breaking in , vandals at work , and burglars using screwdrivers to wedge open car door windows .
Did we miss any recent crimes around the neighborhood ? Let us know in the comments below . If you 've got info on a crime or neighborhood safety issue to share , send us a tip here or add a comment below .
Redmi Note 3 ( SD / MTK ) Battery & Multi-Tasking Fix v4.1
For MIUI7 & MIUI8
Mediatek & Snapdragon Variants
Global/China & Beta/Stable ROMs
Usage Access Settings
Battery Settings
Memory Settings
Security App Settings
Lock Apps In Memory
Important
Wiki : What does each and every option do ?
With the MIUI Optimization Enabled , some users reported the following issues
• After turning off MIUI optimization
MIUI is a forked version of Android with plenty of additional features & tweaks not found in stock AOSP ROM . MIUI is very smooth & has a great battery life on the Redmi Note 3 . The powerful Snapdragon 650 with its excellent single core performance coupled with dual channel LPDDR3 RAM & eMMC 5.1 flash storage results in blazing fast 1st time app opening speeds.MIUI by default is very aggressive at killing background apps in the running in the memory , as a result it is unable to keep more than 3-4 apps in the memory while multi-tasking or after waking up the device . Default settings are aimed to keep as much free RAM as possible thats where the problem lies . It kills the apps running in the background to keep most of its RAM free . Apps get killed & have to be reloaded again from the flash storage into the memory , this takes a lot of CPU , I/O cycles & makes the end user experience less enjoyable . Below settings might make your multitasking a bit better at the cost of less free RAM , but that should n't matter as RAM is meant to be used not kept free . Always remember `` Free RAM is Wasted RAM.• Settings App > Additional Settings > Privacy > Apps With Usage Access > More > Show System- Turn off everything except Google Play Services and Play Store• Settings App > Battery & Performance > Manage Apps Battery Usage > Power Saving Modes- Off : All background data & location access of running apps will be enabled , less battery life- On : Default Setting , more battery life• Settings App > Battery & Performance > Manage Apps Battery Usage > Choose apps- From there you can configure the background data & location services for each app.• Settings App > Additional Settings > Battery & Performance > System Animations- Hide System Animations : Speeds up device 's performanceTo enable Developer Options : Settings App > About Phone > MIUI Version > Keep on tapping till it is enabled.• Settings App > Additional Settings > Developer Options- Window Animation Scale : 0.5x or Off- Transition Animation Scale : 0.5x or Off- Animator Animation Scale : 0.5x or Off- Do n't Keep Activities : Disabled- Background Process Limit : Standard Limit- Memory Optimization : Off- Show All ANRs : Disabled- Force-Closed Apps : Disabled- Turn On MIUI Optimization : Disabled• Security App > Settings > Cleaner- Remind To Clean : Disabled- Scan App Memory : Disabled- Update Automatically : Disabled• Security App > Settings > Blocklist > Disable• Security App > Settings > Battery Usage- Turn Off Mobile Data : Never- Clear Cache : Never• Security App > Permissions > Autostart- Disable unnecessary apps , they wont be launched after a reboot- Keep important apps enabled such as messaging , email apps- You can lock your desired / most frequently used apps in the memory.- Open your app , let it get fully launched , open the recent apps menu.- Swipe down the app icon or recent app screen to reveal a lock icon on top left corner.- Tap on it , this locks the app into the memory & it wont get force killed in the background.- To unlock the app repeat the same process and tap it again to unlock it from memory.- After doing the above mentioned changes , restart your device.- You might have to re-apply these changes after every MIUI OTA update.- These settings have hardly any effect on the battery life.- I am getting more or less the same battery backup after using these settings . : This option sets the swap file for multi-tasking . Size varies according to the device and RAM configuration.- High : 767MB to 1GB- Middle : 767MB to 1GB- Low : Swap file disabled- Off : Swap file disabled : This option enables MIUI to show an obtrusive dialogue box after an app fails to stop responding . Setting this off doesnt show the pop-up frequently . : This option enables MIUI to show an obtrusive dialogue box after an app force-closes unexpectedly . Setting this off doesnt show the message . It enables after every reboot . : This option enables a plethora of MIUI based settings & optimizations as per the guidelines set by the MIUI developers . It helps to load the app and the app data in parallel reducing load times and ensuring snappier user experience . This setting can sometimes cause a variety of issues on non-MIUI based apps such as Google Apps & Apps from Google Playstore . Its better to disable if you rely on Google Playstore for apps & services or use Global Stable or Global Beta MIUI ROMs- Can not set third-party launcher like Nova , Apex or Google Now launcher.- Wallpaper can not be set using in-built options via custom launchers.- Occasional lags , stutters or freezes while scrolling web-pages & long lists.- Custom apps set as default restore to default MIUI apps on reboot . ( Only on MIUI China ROMs ) - Can not set accessibility services on reboot.- Background apps can not sync data.- Music players stop playing after sometime.- UI Animations are not synced properly.- Above issues may get solved.- Settings > Data Usage > Graph changes to AOSP style.- Settings > Battery & Performance > Battery Use > Graph changes to AOSP style.- Settings > Installed Apps > All > Documents > It will not be disabled after every reboot.- Settings > Additional Settings > Buttons > Settings may get reset.- No OTA update notifications . Enable it to receive the OTA updates .
A new study by researchers at NASA and the University of California at Irvine finds a rapidly melting section of the West Antarctic ice sheet appears to be in an irreversible state of decline , with nothing to stop the glaciers in this area from melting into the sea . ( NASA )
A new study by researchers at NASA and the University of California at Irvine finds a rapidly melting section of the West Antarctic ice sheet appears to be in an irreversible state of decline , with nothing to stop the glaciers in this area from melting into the sea . ( NASA )
For two decades , scientists have kept a close watch on a vast , icebound corner of West Antarctica that is undergoing a historic thaw . Climate experts have predicted that , centuries from now , the region 's mile-thick ice sheet could collapse and raise sea levels as much as 11 feet .
Now , new evidence is causing concern that the collapse could happen faster than anyone thought . New scientific studies this week have shed light on the speed and the mechanics of West Antarctic melting , documenting an acceleration that , if it continues , could have major effects on coastal cities worldwide .
Twin papers this week show that the rate of ice loss from West Antarctica is increasing — with the acceleration particularly pronounced in the past decade — and also why this is happening : Warmer ocean waters are pushing up from below and bathing the base of the ice sheet .
The findings add to a growing body of evidence suggesting that the effects of climate change are outpacing scientific predictions , driven in part , scientists say , by soaring levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
It often has been speculated that West Antarctica may be the most unstable of the world 's great ice sheets , a group that also includes the still-larger Greenland and the massive East Antarctica . And research published in May suggested that for the oceanfront glaciers of West Antarctica , held in place by moorings at the seafloor , a point of no return already may have been reached .
View Graphic Warm sea currents are undermining glaciers in Antarctica .
Now , researchers at the University of California at Irvine , NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and three other institutions have reconciled several measuring methods , including those based on satellite and radar measurements , to determine just how much ice mass West Antarctica has lost to the oceans in the past two decades .
The researchers found that the ice sheet contributed about 4.5 millimeters , or 0.18 inches , to global sea-level rise from 1992 to 2013 , with more than 70 percent of the loss occurring in the second half of that time period — meaning the rate of loss is accelerating .
“ For long-term stability and small sea-level rise , accelerating mass loss is not reassuring , ” said Pennsylvania State University glaciologist Richard Alley , commenting on the paper , which was published Tuesday in Geophysical Research Letters .
A second study , published Thursday in the journal Science , explains why this is occurring . It turns out that in the Amundsen Sea off the West Antarctica glaciers , warmer deep ocean water is “ shoaling , ” or rising from below , and lapping at the base of the glaciers . The surface ocean waters around Antarctica are generally quite cold because of snow and runoff from the glaciers , but these warmer waters are managing to push up to the ice shelf .
“ We now show that the ocean is the major contributor of heat ” to West Antarctica , said lead study author and oceanographer Sunke Schmidtko of the University of East Anglia in Britain . “ And it 's not just the shelf itself — it 's something that happens offshore in the global ocean . ”
This could ultimately prove to be one of the most important geophysical processes on the planet , for the simple reason that the ice sheet of West Antarctica would , if it collapsed entirely , contribute about 3.3 meters , or nearly 11 feet , to global sea-level rise , Alley said .
“ There are strong reasons to believe that if the thinning goes too far , it might cross a threshold and then accelerate much more rapidly , ” they said .
1 of 21 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Crackling with energy View Photos The ice in the Antarctic is alive with the never-ceasing action of grinding , bobbing , cracking and melting , creating some of nature 's most fascinating and kinetic sculptures . Caption The ice in the Antarctic is alive with action , creating some of nature 's most fascinating and kinetic sculptures . The National Geographic/Lindblad Expeditions cruise ship Explorer is shown at the first stop after crossing the Drake Passage on a nine-day trip along the Antarctic Peninsula in December 2013 . David L. Griffin Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
The great ice sheets of the world , like West Antarctica , are so massive that , at present , they exert a gravitational pull on the surrounding ocean , which slopes upward toward them . However , the loss of West Antarctica would lead to less gravitational pull and more water spreading out across the ocean — a secondary effect that would further contribute to sea-level rise worldwide . And the Northern Hemisphere — including the United States , a nation that has contributed more than most to the current global-warming trend — could get a bit extra , Alley said .
The research is just the latest suggestion of the possibly worsening effects of climate change . On Wednesday , the World Meteorological Organization said that 2014 is on track to be one of the warmest years — and perhaps the warmest — on record . Ocean surface temperatures have been unusually warm , particularly in a year in which the El Niño weather phenomenon did not materialize .
The findings from West Antarctica could call into question one principal finding from the latest report of the United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , considered to be the world authority on global warming . In 2013 , the panel put its high-end projection for likely global sea-level rise , by the year 2100 , at a little more than three feet .
But the researchers studying West Antarctica are not so sure . “ The upper bound defined by the IPCC , they may underestimate some of the components , particularly the ice sheets , ” said ­UC-Irvine 's Isabella Velicogna , an author of the paper estimating the rate of ice loss from West Antarctica 's glaciers .
So how fast could the loss of West Antarctica unfold ? Velicogna 's co-author , Eric Rignot of UC-Irvine , suggested that in their view , within 100 to 200 years , one-third of West Antarctica could be gone .
Rignot noted that the scientific community “ still balks at this ” — particularly the 100-year projection — but said they think observational studies are showing that ice sheets can melt at a faster pace than model-based projections take into account .
The consequences of such an amount of sea-level rise for the United States — or for any other coastal region — are staggering to contemplate .
Benjamin Strauss of Climate Central , whose Surging Seas project tracks the possible effects of sea-level rise and who was not involved in either study , said they estimate that “ 12.8 million Americans live on land less than 10 feet above their local high-tide line. ” Of course , by the time West Antarctica may have begun contributing more significantly to sea-level rise , these numbers will presumably have increased .
Strauss also estimated that $ 2.4 trillion worth of property is occupying this land ( excluding Alaska and Hawaii ) . The cities that would be most affected include Miami , New Orleans and New York . The amount of sea-level rise contemplated here is quite similar to the storm surge seen in New York during Hurricane Sandy — a surge of 9.4 feet over the normal tide level was recorded at the Battery — only it would be permanent .
Other scientists urged caution in interpreting the findings , saying it is not clear whether the recent accelerated melting is an anomaly or a persistent phenomenon that will continue into the future . Ocean circulation patterns in the south polar region are still not fully understood , and it is possible that the migration of warmer water into the Amundsen Sea is unrelated to the overall climate warming trend , said Olga Sergienko , a glaciologist at Princeton University 's Cooperative Institute for Climate Science who was not involved in the studies .
“ This represents only about 20 years of observation , and on the time scale of ice sheets that 's just a blink , ” said Sergienko , who also is with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory in Princeton , N.J .
Understanding the role ocean currents play is important because air temperatures in this region of Antarctica are too low to contribute significantly to the loss of surface ice , said Michael Oppenheimer , a geosciences professor at Princeton who was not part of the new studies . But they added that the rate of melting in the future depends on complex interactions that require additional study to fully comprehend .
“ The warm water appears to be gradually melting away the ice shelves and interacting with ice on land , ” Oppenheimer said . “ One of the things we do n't know is how much of that warm water is sitting there because of global warming and how much is sitting there because of some natural process .
“ It is suspicious , ” they added , “ that we 're seeing this acceleration at the same time that the world is warming . ”
The Antarctic , isolated from Earth 's other land masses and influenced by patterns of wind and ocean circulation that are unique to the South Pole , has been slower to show signs of warming than other parts of the planet .
Many climate-change skeptics have noted that winter sea ice around the continent has expanded and thickened in recent seasons , even as the Arctic continues to lose ice cover . But climate scientists say seasonal changes in Antarctica sea ice do not contradict the overall warming pattern seen in the rest of the world .
“ The land ice is clearly losing mass , ” Oppenheimer said . “ Counter­intuitively , as ice is being lost from Antarctica in various places , there is additional fresh water coming to the surface of the ocean . And fresher surface water freezes more easily . ”
Terrence McCoy contributed to this report .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Donald Trump 's call for Congress to toughen the Iran nuclear deal faced opposition on Friday from among the ranks of their fellow Republicans as well as from Democrats , narrowing the chances any legislation could pass .
A man watches a television broadcast of U.S. President Donald Trump 's speech , in Tehran , Iran October 13 , 2017 . Nazanin Tabatabaee Yazdi/TIMA via REUTERS
As Trump announced that they had chosen not to certify Tehran is complying with the deal but would not immediately withdraw from it , Republican Senators Bob Corker and Tom Cotton offered an outline of legislation they said would “ address flaws ” in the accord .
If passed , the measure would set stricter restrictions on Iran and immediately revive U.S. sanctions imposed over Iran 's nuclear program if Tehran is deemed able to produce a nuclear weapon within a year .
“ We have provided a route to overcome deficiencies ( in the agreement ) and to keep the administration in the deal , and actually make it the kind of deal that it should have been in the first place , ” Corker , chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said on a call with journalists .
Republicans control Congress , but their four-seat edge in the Senate means any measure would need Democratic support to pass , even if every member of Trump 's party supports it .
That is not a given .
Republican Senator Marco Rubio said they had “ serious doubts ” about the Corker-Cotton plan . They said they would reserve judgment until the final measure , but preferred that Trump abandon the deal .
“ Ultimately , leaving the nuclear deal , reimposing suspended sanctions , and having the president impose additional sanctions would serve our national interest better than a decertified deal that leaves sanctions suspended or a new law that leaves major flaws in that agreement in place , ” Rubio said in a statement .
Most Democrats were strongly opposed .
Senator Ben Cardin , ranking Democrat on the Foreign Relations panel , said they would only support a measure backed by European allies who had signed the nuclear pact , formally known as the JCPOA .
“ Anything we do must be consistent with the JCPOA , can not lead us on a path to violate the JCPOA and must have the support of our European allies , ” they told Reuters in a telephone interview .
Cardin said they wanted a full-Senate briefing on the plan from administration officials , and then committee hearings .
Corker acknowledged the tough fight ahead , but said they hoped to win over Democrats . They pledged to seek the support of European allies Britain , France and Germany , who had signed the agreement and urged Trump not to decertify .
David Duchovny is currently cooling their genitals in rehab because he 's addicted to porn . On Thursday , David 's rep announced that they checked into a facility to receive treatment for sex addiction . A friend tells Fox News that David never cheated on Tea Leoni unless cyber fucking counts as cheating . David has “ The Peter Cook Disease. ” They love to surf and stroke .
The friend said that David spends hours rubbing their dick raw while browsing chat rooms and looking at internet porn . Quick ! Check all the responses from your Craigslist “ Casual Encounters ” ad ( I know you have one ) . You might have gotten a response from Agent Mulder ! Even better , Mulder might have knocked one off to your picture . You should be proud .
And did n't Agent Mulder have a thing about porn on “ The X-Files “ ? David ! Do n't take your work home with you .
David 's friend also said that they only announced they were in rehab for sex addiction because a patient at the clinic he 's in was about to leak the story to the press . David “ beat ” them to the punch . And then they beat it some more . And some more . And a little more .
About 44,000 troops will begin seeing smaller paychecks starting June 1 when imminent danger pay is eliminated for areas around the world no longer deemed threatening .
The Pentagon announced last January that IDP of $ 7.50 daily up to $ 225 per month was being scrapped for service in non-threatening areas , as was first reported by MilitaryTimes .
In May , about 95,000 service members received danger pay , and cutting that number by nearly half would save about $ 108 million , Pentagon officials said .
Prior to the changes , the military had a list of 59 areas around the world that rated IDP . That list has now been trimmed to 22 .
Danger pay will remain in effect for Iraq , Afghanistan , Lebanon , Jordan , Pakistan , Yemen , and Egypt under the new rules
Danger pay would no longer go to service members in the following locations after June 1 :
The land areas and airspace above Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Qatar , Kuwait , Serbia and Montenegro , and the land areas of East Timor , Haiti , Liberia , Oman , Rwanda , Tajikistan , United Arab Emirates , Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan .
Danger pay will also no longer apply to service at sea in the Arabian Sea , the Gulf of Aden , the Gulf of Oman and the Red Sea .
Danger pay will continue for the land areas and airspace above Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Tunisia .
In the Pacific Command , those serving in the Philippines will still rate danger pay , as well as those in the city of Jakarta , Indonesia , the four Indonesian provinces of central Java , East Kalimantan , Central Sulawesi and Papua , and the Indonesian region of Aceh .
The tradition of `` danger pay '' goes back to World War II , when the infantry rated an extra $ 10 a month in what was called `` Badge Pay . ''
In Korea , `` combat pay '' of $ 45 a month was authorized for troops deployed to the peninsula . Combat pay expired with the Korean armistice of 1953 but resurfaced in 1963 as `` hostile fire pay '' of $ 55 a month for Vietnam .
-- Richard Sisk can be reached at Richard.Sisk @ monster.com .
TrekMovie previously reported that JJ Abrams has completed a first rough cut of their Star Trek movie and now it appears that they are showing it off . Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back director Kevin Smith was a guest on KROQ 's Kevin and Bean show this morning and the subject of the new Star Trek movie came up with Smith giving a positive review of the movie , but in a roundabout way .
Kevin talks about what they ca n't talk about
Although it was never said explicitly , it appears Kevin Smith was given an early viewing of Star Trek , but they were very much trying to deny that they had , or at least not come out and say anything that would break the ‘ cone of silence ' around JJ Abrams ultra-secret project . Early in the show when Kevin joined in , one of the hosts said `` somebody 's seen the new Star Trek movie , I understand ? '' At which point Smith sardonically dismissed the question . Then much later in the show , after recounting their thoughts on their early screening of the Watchmen movie , Smith was asked if they have seen anything else . Here is the exchange :
——————
Host : So thumbs up on The Watchmen , what else you got ?
Smith : I saw a movie last night that I can not talk about .
Host : Was it good ?
Smith : It was phenomenal .
Host : Any stars , any break out stars , and do they trek ?
Smith : The stars absolutely trek in this film . It is fantastic . Anybody who was worried does n't need to be worried–about this film I can not talk about…It was in very capable hands . The director did a phenomenal job–the director and their crew . Top notch cast and the guy that plays the lead is an instant star . That dude is going to be so famous . They are so wonderful . They picked up a role that I would say is pretty challenging for someone to step into the shoes of , because it is a role that has been played before many times by the same guy .
Host : How do you out Shatner , Shatner ?
Smith : I do n't know what you are talking about .
Host : I was just saying that as an expression .
Smith : Yes , absolutely , in a world of expressions , I would agree with that…I am so not good with this game , you are going to bury me man .
Host : We had you on before The Dark Knight and I remember asking you if you could direct a movie like Dark Knight and you said ‘ hell no ' it was so far out of your sphere…but I bring that up to preface this . Let 's say a franchise like Star Trek , not that you have seen the movie or we are talking about the movie , but we are talking about it for example . That is something that is so dangerous to attempt . Is that the kind of project you would like to do ? Would you like to be the guy who gets to do a movie like that ?
Smith : I would not like to be the guy . In the case of something like Star Trek , it would take a really insanely talented filmmaker–storyteller . Like in the case of Star Trek , JJ Abrams . So leave it to the people who are best equipped for it . I am just the guy who should be watching those movies .
———————–
You can listen to the exchange yourself , by CLICKING HERE ( from the kevinandbeanarchive )
Thanks to Thomas and others who sent in this tip
Bonus Abrams Smith video : Smith hosts dinner with JJ and Luke Skywalker
Three years ago Kevin Smith stepped in for regular host Jon Favreau and guest-hosted the IFC show Dinner For Five , with guests Jason Lee , Stan Lee , Mark Hamill and JJ Abrams . This was while Abrams was making Mission : Impossible : III and before it was announced they would be making Star Trek . The group discuss Alias , MI : III , Tom Cruise , Star Wars , Chasing Amy , Comics , screenwriting , and more . The entire episode is available on YouTube , check it out below .
NYT Pick heli CA 1 day ago Dear Mr Stephens , I love your closing statement about immigrants : “ people who strain hardest to become a part of [ this country ] because they realize that it is precious ” . As an immigrant , I could not have said it better . Every day I wake up , thankful to be able to live and work in a free country . I try very hard to be the best person and the best worker I can , and it is wonderful that this country allows me the freedom to do that . I do n't take it for granted .
After the last election , I was in deep depression for 2 weeks , and my friends had a hard time understanding why since I am usually a “ glass-half-full ” type of person . It was n't because I happened to disagree with the winning party 's policies or because I found the childish political fighting distasteful . It 's just that the rose-tinted glasses through which I had viewed my new country , got forcefully yanked off , leaving me wandering if I had ever really understood the basic tenets of said country .
However - because this freedom is precious to me , I am not willing to let it go so easily . The founding principles of this country , the freedom to speak freely , the democratic process is worth fighting for . Forceful and fearless press is paramount to this process - and it is so encouraging to this immigrant to see NYT stepping up to the challenge . Only through this fight can the country I love maintain its standing in the world – as a country all immigrants wanted to come to , in order to be free . Flag
Flag 1744 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Dan New York 1 day ago This column is too real for me . I 'm a twenty something from an affluent suburb . A majority of people I know work from my hometown have absolutely zero drive or ambition . They are content with their mediocre jobs because daddy is paying for their NYC apartment and their health care ( this group also unfortunately includes my sister ) . I admittedly used to be just as lazy- I lucked out because I happen to be very intelligent , which allowed me to coast by before I learned the value of hard work . Something must change . From my perspective , being born well off can easily breed laziness and complacency ( and I am in no way claiming being born rich is a bad thing , but affluenza is a true issue ) . Parents naturally want best for their children , and providing for them financially is an easy choice when parents have the means . But spoiling children can be devastating for those children later on in life . I do not have the answer . But this column touches upon what is in my opinion the biggest issue facing any rich nation- how to maintain the drive to better ones life when life is already good to begin with . Flag
Flag 922 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick NMT Rimini , Italy 1 day ago I think you do n't get what he 's saying . There are , unfortunately , many , many Americans who bash immigrants and want to exclude them - `` Build the Wall '' yelled loudly and scornfully . When Bret talks about these `` real Americans '' they deliberately put the words in quotes to illustrate that they are anything but , and that they are undermining not only what America is supposed to stand for , but their very future . We all would indeed be better off if they renounced their citizenship in this country they are so dissatisfied with and went off and started their own country - one that holds true to their own values , whatever they are . Flag
Flag In Reply to Richard Luettgen
543 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Cod MA 1 day ago I do not agree that the US is a country that belongs first to its newcomers .
That 's a slap in the face to my family who have had members that have fought in every war since the American Revolution back in the 1700 's .
This country would not even be here if it were n't for them . And to say that my family does n't deserve this country , first and foremost is an insult . We all deserve it but remember who made this country . It did not just happen .
There was many , many generations of blood shed , sacrifice and valor . Flag
Flag 160 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick ConfusedConnservative rural Pennslvaniaedom 1 day ago I was a professor of computer science for thirty years at a state university in Pennsylvania . I loved immigrant students . They worked harder , asked for help when needed , turned in their work on time and did n't look for the easy way out . They did n't care who won the BIG GAME or which fraternity or sorority to pledge .
They never felt entitled and almost always respected education and educators . Do n't send them away or discourage them from coming here . Only a fool would want that . Flag
Flag 1473 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Skeptical London 1 day ago My father was part of the uneducated that came to this country . First job , working in a warehouse . I have three advanced degrees , including a degree from MIT . I have never been unemployed and pay at least 100 thousand dollars a year in US taxes annually ( even though I now reside in the U.K. ) . Would you have excluded my dad ? Flag
Flag In Reply to Jan
464 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Cathy Hopewell Junction 1 day ago What a diatribe ! Is it supposed to be refreshing to hear a conservative argue for immigrants , but denigrate and place blame for our national situation on lesser Americans ?
It is just another conservative grasshopper speech . All the ants would be better off if they left the fiddle playing grasshoppers to starve . The new American mythology : Americans are fat , lazy entitled losers looking for handouts .
Reality is that we are in transition . People are noticing that they are getting worse off as they approach retirement ; their kids are struggling to use the skills they have learned in college to form a comfortable life . We see a downward trajectory in our lives and out kids .
Corporations and employers today view people as a drain , a liability , not as assets or valuable capital . The nation is coming around to that view too . Jettison the people who are expensive ; jettison experience ; ignore education as a factor for improvement . Write off people you do n't want to pay for , and build a narrative that they are not valuable .
This conservative narrative will sink us , as surely as it has sunk blue chip companies that keep cutting heads and still ca n't compete . Here is a clue - it ai n't the workers who are the problem . It is leadership . Flag
Flag 415 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick larry new york 1 day ago I agree with the previous person that you make some excellent points . However people who flout the law need to be held accountable for their actions . If the laws are unjust they need to be changed , but not ignored . Thats how it works in civilization ! Flag
Flag 47 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Lee Cresser East Greenwich 1 day ago Stephens makes a few good points , but their suggestion that Americans who do n't believe in God should leave the country , is outrageous and dangerous . As an atheist , I would be naturally adverse to this idea , but I am sure there are millions of believers who are also dismayed by Stephen 's blatant religious intolerance . If the Gilead of `` The Handmaid 's Tale '' ever becomes a reality , I think Stephens would fit right in ! Flag
Flag 217 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick Leslie Virginia 1 day ago I started out outraged but got your point and agree 100 % with the conclusions . It always strikes me as despicable that members of groups that were reviled when they arrived - Irish , Italians , Poles , Jews ( there are a few ) - should have adopted the bigotry of those who reviled their grandparents or greatgrandparents and take the opportunity to mention it when I see it happening .
Unless one is Native American , we are ALL immigrants , even those WASPs . Flag
Flag 296 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick John LeBaron MA 1 day ago Bravo ! Bravo ! Bravo , I ca n't tell you how refresing it is to read this perspective from a conservative columnist , amplifying several points raised by J. D. Vance in `` Hillbilly Elegy . '' But our native-born ennui is hardly limited to folks we like to call hillbillies .
Among vast swaths of native-born white Americans we have an angry , defensive , bigoted , even lethal core of citizens who beat their chests and wrap themselves in the American flag while more ambitious newcomers speed past them , eating their lunch and behaving as real patriots .
The solutions ? Drive them out ; make America so ugly that enterprising young foreigners no longer choose to come here , and vault into power politicians like Donald Trump and Steve King who represent their shriveled , defeatist spirits . We can take solace in kniwing that Britain follows us close behind . Flag
Flag 232 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
NYT Pick William Romp Vermont 1 day ago I like this kind of provocative humor .
I fully understand the historical development of nation-states and the resulting borders . I do not understand why they persist into the modern era . Are we not all members of a single species ? Do we not all benefit from peace , and suffer from war ? Surely cultures , cultural differences , languages and so-on have value . Are they worth perpetual war on this tiny planet ? I think not .
I believe that humans should abolish borders . If every world citizen were free to travel and migrate anywhere on the planet , within some months nearly everyone would be located where they wish . If resources and manpower worked to the benefit of the entire world 's people , rather than to the benefit of the few located within imaginary lines on a map , so much more could be accomplished , and planet earth would not resemble the war-ravaged hellhole it is now . Flag
Flag 248 Recommend
Recommend Share this comment on Facebook Share this comment on Twitter
Loading ...
When ships are autonomous , the navy and other shipping industries wo n't need a crew onboard .
That 's what Rolls-Royce is working on with their autonomous naval vessel concept that plans to have a 3,500 nautical-mile range .
Earlier this week , the British company known for its cars unveiled plans for the nearly 200-foot long ship with an electric propulsion system that makes humans unnecessary .
The company sees a future in the next 10 years or so where autonomous boats are out in the water for up to 100 days , eliminating the need for remote controlled ships or crews .
The autonomous ship will fight off drones while moving through dangerous waters . Image : rolls-royce
Rolls-Royce general manager of naval electrics , automation and control , Benjamin Thorp said in a news release , `` Such ships offer a way to deliver increased operational capability , reduce the risk to crew , and cut both operating and build costs . ''
That means the ships could be used for military purposes without risking human life . They could complete surveillance and patrol missions without needing to worry about supplies and or the risks of a human crew . What 's considered a dangerous mission could change if people are n't part of the equation . Also , without people and supplies , the ships will have a much lighter load .
These ships , which navies could mix into their fleets , will of course feature Rolls-Royce electric generators — or could eventually run on gas turbines . Other tools from the company will also be included to help the ship run on its own .
A big issue is fuel consumption , so the company is putting photovoltaic solar panels on the vessel to power the boat while its idling or using less power . It 'll also have 3,000kWh of energy storage , just in case .
Rolls-Royce says autonomous technology is mostly already here , so this is the next step . It 's just a matter of pairing powerful sensors with artificial intelligence to create an awareness system that can navigate itself , according to the company .
The ship is all conceptual , but the Verge reported a Norwegian company is launching an automated cargo ship next year that plans to be autonomous by 2020 . The U.S. military has an autonomous warship , as well .
So keep an eye on the water for when these crew-less ships set sail .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) — U.S. stocks fell Monday as investors worried about Europe 's debt crisis and the debate over lifting the U.S. debt ceiling ahead of a big week for corporate results .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , -0.13 % fell 94.57 points , or 0.8 % , to 12,385.16 , with 29 of 30 components ending lower .
The Dow last week lost 177.44 points , or 1.4 % , capping its worst week in more than a month .
Uncertainty surrounding high government debt levels in Europe and the U.S. , and growing wariness about lawmakers ' ability to deal with them , has been pressuring stocks .
“ Politicians on both sides of the Atlantic are not explaining realities to the voters , and this lack of leadership , as much as anything , remains a barrier to improvements in both market and economic prospects , ” said David Kelly , chief market strategist at J.P. Morgan Funds .
“ The reality is that any solution to U.S. debt problems will require a disciplined plan to both cut entitlement spending and raise taxes over a number of years . Any solution to the European debt problem will eventually require the richer nations in Europe to subsidize the budgets or at least the borrowing costs of their more troubled brethren , ” Kelly added .
Bank of America Corp. BAC , +0.07 % led blue-chip losses with a drop of 2.8 % after Bloomberg reported the bank may need to build its capital reserves by $ 50 billion and break its chief executive officer 's vow to hike the firm 's dividend due to mortgage losses .
Bank of America reports earnings on Tuesday , and is one of more than 100 companies in the S & P 500 slated to report quarterly results this week.Read Bank of America earnings preview .
“ Despite an economy which appears to have grown by just 2 % annualized in the first half of 2011 , corporate profits have continued to surge , ” noted Kelly at J.P. Morgan Funds .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index SPX , -0.08 % declined 10.7 points , or 0.8 % , to 1,305.44 , with financial firms leading losses that swept up all of the index 's 10 industry groups .
The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP , -0.07 % was off 24.69 points , or 0.9 % , at 2,765.11 .
For every stock gaining , five fell on the New York Stock Exchange , where volume topped 874 million .
Wall Street 's worries
Investors ' concerns included Europe 's debt crisis and debt-ceiling talks in Washington , where lawmakers face an Aug. 2 deadline for raising the debt limit .
In Europe , European Union leaders plan a summit on Thursday as they attempt to prevent the region 's troubles from spreading .
“ Concerns about debt in Greece , Portugal , Ireland and Spain have now spread to Italy , ” said Kelly at J.P. Morgan Funds .
In Washington , House Republicans have set a vote for Tuesday on what could prove to be a symbolic gesture , as Democratic leaders say the GOP 's plan can not pass the Senate .
“ While the vast majority of lawmakers recognize that not raising the debt ceiling would lead to economic and financial disaster , the negotiating parties appear willing to tussle all the way down to the wire , ” said Kelly . Read story about debate over hiking the nation 's borrowing limit .
On the New York Mercantile Exchange , oil futures CL1Q fell to just under $ 96 a barrel , and gold futures GC1Q closed at a record $ 1,602.40 an ounce .
Stocks continued their slide after a measure of builder confidence showed a bit of improvement in July , with the National Association of Home Builders sentiment index rising two points to 15 in July .
“ The number is well below the break even level of 50 that separates growth from contraction . The poor state of the industry is at the same time no news to anyone , ” said Peter Boockvar , equity strategist at Miller Tabak .
Financial stocks were particularly hard hit Monday , weighed by concerns that recent European bank stress tests under-represented banks ' sensitivity to a sovereign-debt default and a selloff in insurer stocks .
Genworth Financial Inc. GNW , -4.23 % fell 7.6 % , leading decliners on the S & P 500 , after fellow mortgage insurer MGIC Investment Corp. MTG , +0.77 % reported a loss as loan defaults rose . Read more on financial stocks .
Allstate Corp. ALL , -0.85 % shares slid 5 % on uncertainty over a management shake-up . Read more on movers and shakers .
Also among the S & P 500 's biggest movers , shares of News Corp. NWSA , +0.00 % fell 4.3 % . The media company , which is publisher of this report , contended with a phone-hacking scandal at its recently shuttered News of the World paper in Britain .
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day . Subscribe to MarketWatch 's free Need to Know newsletter . Sign up here .
10 killed in Somalia beach restaurant attack
Sharelines
Mogadishu : The death toll from an attack late on Thursday by IS on a seaside restaurant in the Somali capital Mogadishu has risen to 10 , police said .
The attackers set off a car bomb at the Banadir restaurant at the city 's Lido beach before engaging security forces in a fight for several hours.The casualties comprised six civilians , two members of the security forces and two of the attackers , Ali Abdullahi , a police officer , said on Friday.Al Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab claimed the attack , which ended at around 3:00am local time , police said.The group has carried out a series of deadly attacks in Somalia to try to topple the Western-backed government.In a separate incident in southern Somalia , a roadside bomb planted by Al Shabaab militants injured 10 people , police said on Friday , raising the number of wounded from three initially.One of those wounded in the explosion in Baardhere town in Gedo region was the local district commissioner , police said.Earlier police officer Major Ahmed Ibrahim said , `` A car bomb exploded at Banadir beach restaurant at Lido beach and there was exchange of gunfire . `` Al Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab 's military operation spokesperson Abdiasis Abu Musab said the group was responsible for the attack . `` We attacked the Banadir beach restaurant and now our fighters are fighting inside it , '' they told Reuters.Al Shabaab , has carried out a series of deadly attacks in Somalia to try to topple the government.In January , its militants stormed another restaurant on Lido beach , killing 17 people.On Sunday , more than 20 people were killed when its suicide bombers detonated two car bombs at a local government headquarters in Somalia 's semi-autonomous Puntland region.Al Shabaab was pushed out of Mogadishu by the African Union peacekeeping force AMISOM in 2011 but has remained a potent threat in Somalia , launching frequent attacks aimed at overthrowing the Western-backed governmen .
Six months after Trump 's taking the office , everything seems haphazard in the White House with weird policies inside and outside the US . Violations of International agreements have raised large protests across the world so far .
Numerous officials have resigned or been fired from office , the latest one of whom was Sen Spicer , the Press secretary . The Russia probe got more complicated after firing former FBI director James Comey and got even further convoluted after Trump Jr 's meeting with Russian attorney was revealed .
The local disputes were accompanied by the international challenges instigated by eccentric policies and controversial decisions made by the newly politicized president . Trump collected their votes by populist vows to the American public that few people believed to be executed a day . The new president , however , dared realizing the vows starting only three days after inauguration .
On January 23 , Trump signed a document to discard the free trade agreement between 12 countries signed during Obama years . Trump , in a unilateral decision , abandoned Trans-Pacific Partnership brokered by their predecessor and declared an end to the era of multinational trade agreements that defined global economics for decades .
Another more controversial decision to unilaterally abandon an international agreement took place months later when the POTUS officially announced the decision to withdraw from Paris Climate Accord . The accord , except for a couple of countries , was signed and implemented by all countries around the world . Believing that the accord was most damaging for the US economy than any other country , Trump stood against loads of protests within and without the US . They were also protested by the leaders of economically advanced countries in G20 summit , leaving the US president secluded .
North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) has been another disputed agreement . Threatening millions of jobs in the three involved countries , Medico , Canada and US , the agreement is in process of negotiations for modernization . The outlined plan and priorities of US was criticized after they neglected the benefit of other parties . Trump 's decision to “ stop the ridiculous trade deals that have taken everybody out of our country and taken companies out of our country ” will not be stopped at NAFTA and other international treaties will be targeted in the future .
An imminent target will be Iran about which Trump preferred to choose the House , which is majorly Republican , to take the decision indirectly . Apart from multiple interference in local affairs of the country , the House is imposing new sanctions on Iran in clear violation of the nuclear deal between Iran and 6 powers known as JCPOA . The new sanctions may lead to more controversies and confirm Iran 's long time claim about the lack of commitment in US and its western allies . Commitment , in fact , is the lost circle in Trump 's policies in international affairs and may lead to destructive effects for the future of US .
MP Rebekha Sharkie has called on Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to send the remaining eight federal politicians with question marks over their citizenship to the High Court .
MALCOLM Turnbull says parliament 's citizenship mess will finally be sorted out , despite the saga certain to carry into the new year .
Prime Minister Turnbull and the Greens both stand to benefit from the worsening citizenship fiasco if eight more MPs with questions over their eligibility are referred to the High Court .
Buoyed by the passing of same-sex marriage legislation , Mr Turnbull denied the citizenship status of any of their Liberal party colleagues were under question .
They also took aim at what they said was Labor Party inaction over the parliamentary crisis and said they were confident it would be resolved soon .
“ There is nobody on my side of the house that is under a cloud , ” Mr Turnbull told Channel 7 's Sunrise .
Barnaby Joyce referred themselves and went to the court , went to a by-election and it now is back . John Alexander concluded that they could n't satisfy themselves from what they understood , so he 's going to by-election .
“ So what has the Labor Party done . They have two citizens that do n't know ( their status ) and they have two British citizens at the time they were nominated .
“ Katy Gallagher the senator was referred to the High Court but they do n't have anybody in the house referring themselves . ”
The embattled Prime Minister has a strong likelihood of picking up three seats out of a potential Super Saturday of by-elections early next year .
It will strengthen Mr Turnbull 's precarious position in the lower house , where they hold a one-seat majority only if Liberal MP John Alexander is re-elected at the Bennelong by-election on December 16 .
Labor has named eight more federal politicians that it wants to send to the High Court in a bid to end the citizenship circus .
That includes three of its own — Josh Wilson , Susan Lamb and Justine Keay — along with crossbencher Rebekha Sharkie and Liberal MPs Nola Marino , Julia Banks , Jason Falinski and Alex Hawke .
Labor MP David Feeney was sent to the High Court on Wednesday after being unable to find documents to prove they renounced British citizenship .
That will trigger at least one by-election if they are ruled ineligible to sit in Parliament .
Labor senator Katy Gallagher has also been referred to the High Court but , as a senator , they will simply lose their seat if found ineligible rather than being forced to contest a by-election .
“ The reality is that without John Alexander there our votes and the independents and Labor Party votes are a tie .
“ It will get sorted out . The Katy Gallagher case will go to the High Court they are virtually identical to the Labor people in house , if they win then they will be OK . If they lose then
they will have to resign .
“ I think the issue will be resolved . ”
WHY THE PM STANDS TO GAIN
If the eight MPs are sent to the High Court along with Gallagher and Feeney , both the Liberal Party and the Greens could benefit from a series of by-elections triggered by any MPs being ruled ineligible .
The Greens could potentially claim Mr Feeney 's Victorian electorate of Batman .
Feeney received fewer first preference votes than Greens candidate Alex Bhathal at the 2016 election but claimed a narrow victory of just 1853 votes thanks to preferences .
The Liberal party could potentially gain from by-elections in the Tasmanian seat of Braddon , the South Australian seat of Mayo , and the Queensland seat of Longman which would strengthen Mr Turnbull 's precarious one-seat majority in the House of Representatives .
Braddon is traditionally considered a marginal Liberal seat .
Ms Keay scraped through to victory in 2016 by 2846 votes thanks to preferences but actually received fewer first preference votes than the Liberal candidate .
Longman and Mayo , usually considered very safe Liberal seats , are even better chances for the Liberals .
Ms Lamb only claimed victory in 2016 against Liberal Wyatt Roy by just 1.6 per cent of the votes or 1390 votes after preferences .
NXT MP Rebekha Sharkie claimed a surprise win in Mayo — a very safe Liberal seat by a margin of 12.5 per cent — against Liberal MP Jamie Briggs , who had been embroiled in a scandal over an incident in Hong Kong involving a female public servant .
Fremantle , considered a marginal Labor seat at 5.4 per cent , would likely remain with Labor but the Greens or Liberals have a shot if they punt in a star candidate .
Labor believes its MPs will not be ruled ineligible as the party has legal advice they will be fine given they took “ all reasonable steps ” necessary to renounce their citizenship .
The government is likely to refer the Labor MPs regardless next year when it has the numbers , triggering a series of by-elections in March or April .
LIBERAL MPS IN DOUBT
Labor has demanded Liberal MPs Jason Falinski , Nola Marino , Alex Hawke and Julia Banks provide further documents to clarify their citizenship status .
If they can not , the party believes they should also be sent to the High Court .
By-elections in three of their seats — Mackellar , Forrest and Mitchell — would not cause an upset for the Turnbull Government .
All three are safe Liberal seats with margins of 15.74 per cent , 12.56 per cent and 17.82 per cent respectively .
But Labor could have a chance to pick up a seat in Ms Banks ' electorate of Chisholm , which is held by a narrow margin of 1.24 per cent .
SHOWDOWN
Labor frontbencher Tony Burke has warned the government not to use its numbers to refer Labor MPs to the High Court .
They said Ms Keay and Ms Lamb could not have taken any further steps to renounce their citizenship .
“ We ca n't have a situation where the onus ... is on the candidate to complete all their reasonable steps but the decision about whether or not they 're eligible is driven by a junior public servant in Great Britain , ” they told ABC radio this week .
Attorney-General George Brandis dismissed that argument as “ utter rubbish ” , accusing Labor of throwing up a smokescreen around its MPs .
They called on Opposition leader Bill Shorten to “ do the right thing ” and refer their MPs .
“ It does n't have to be a showdown if Mr Shorten does the right thing , ” Senator Brandis said .
Ms Keay , whose father was born in the UK , received confirmation they had renounced their citizenship on July 8 , 2016 , six days after the 2016 federal election .
Ms Lamb , whose father was born in Scotland , filled out their renunciation form on May 24 , 2016 .
However , on August 10 , 2016 , the British bureaucracy told her : “ We can not be satisfied from the documents available that you hold British citizenship . The application has therefore been refused . ”
Mr Wilson , who was born in London , completed their renunciation form on May 12 , 2016 .
However , the date of the UK Home Office letter confirming renunciation was June 24 , well after the close of nominations for the 2016 election .
We 've covered Los Angeles-based Apliiq before . They rolled out customizable snapbacks , and then denim jackets last fall… and now , they expand with denim jeans .
The fashion company allows its customers to design their own jeans by selecting one of over 450 unique fabrics to accent the back pocket or inside cuffs of the pants . From subtle solids to eye-catching florals , the fabric library has something that appeals to everyone .
As far as the jeans , they are slim fit , and are available in nine color washes .
When asked about the inspiration for the line , CEO & designer Ethan Lipsitz commented , “ The streetwear community has always prided itself on individuality , creativity , and artistic expression . Our new denim line aims to tap into the creative potential of our audience and provide them a platform for personal expression with fabric . We are thrilled to offer jeans , especially to our devoted sneakerhead fans who want to create the perfect outfits to match their shoes . ”
As part of their new custom denim launch , Apliiq released a collection of limited edition designs to show how subtle fabric selections dramatically change the tone and style of the jeans . To get yours , visit Apliiq.com .
The demise of both Wisconsin in general and Montee Ball in particular ?
It may have been greatly exaggerated .
The Badgers staggered out of the gate at 4-2 , with three of those wins coming against Northern Iowa , Utah State and UTEP by a combined total of 18 points . Against Purdue , however , UW put together its most solid performance of the season , throttling Purdue 38-14 and ( finally ) taking control of the Leaders division of the Big Ten .
The Badgers are now 2-1 in conference play while the Boilermakers dropped to 0-2 . The other postseason-eligible members of the Leaders division , Indiana and Illinois , entered Week 7 winless in league play . So , with Ohio State ( 2-0 ) and Penn State ( 2-0 ) ineligible for the Big Ten championship game thanks to NCAA sanctions , the Badgers currently sit in the Leaders driver 's seat ; whether that seat 's attached to a Yugo matters not .
One of the biggest reasons behind UW taking control of its division also happens to be one of college football the biggest disappointments of the season . Montee Ball , who entered 2012 as one of a handful of preseason Heisman contenders , had averaged just four yards per carry and had totaled just eight touchdowns after totaling 57 in the previous 26 games .
On this day , though , the old Ball was back as the senior rushed for 247 yards on 29 carries and three touchdowns in the rout . The three touchdowns give Ball 72 for their career — 66 rushing , six receiving — which sets a Big Ten record for total touchdowns .
Telstra chief executive David Thodey has warned there will be “ a long way to go '' before renegotiations of its $ 11.2 billion deal with the government and NBN Co are finished , despite both parties signing a non-binding commercial framework .
Mr Thodey told a Sydney auditorium filled with retail shareholders on Wednesday that the renegotiations were now in the hands of the government .
“ There is still a long way to go in the negotiations , '' they said . “ It 's making good progress . . . but we 're really in the government 's hands [ and ] we 're quite happy where we are today .
Telstra chief executive officer David Thodey said despite expectation that negotiations with NBN will take some time to complete , they were happy with where the deal currently stood . Photo : Luis Ascui
“ If the government wants to change to a multi-technology model we 're happy to be as helpful as possible as long as it 's not a dollar less or a dollar more than we negotiated . ''
Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull had originally told Fairfax Media a deal between both parties would be done by the middle of 2014 .
But it ai n't nothing without a postcard . This is quite the thing . It seems some people sent off the Spy vs Sniper coupon from a while back . They received Saxton Hale postcards in the mail . There appear to be five in existence , at least so far . A couple is in this thread . Three more are on this chap 's Flickr account . Also , for your convienience , here 's three smaller-resolution versions of the latter three below…
Also – that looks like Mike Oeming artwork to me . Since they mention it on their own forum , you suspect so . Hurrah for Mike Oeming . As well as the splendid Powers , I especially liked their Ares mini series for Marvel . In fact , for those who are interested in Ares , there 's another mini-series out this week which ( Snip ! – Ed ) .
Just one day after leading the first override of a veto during President Barack Obama 's time in office , Republican leaders in Congress called for significant changes to legislation allowing families of those killed in the 9/11 terrorist attacks to sue Saudi Arabia . They also blamed the president for failing to adequately warn them against supporting the measure .
The Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act would enable U.S. victims of terrorism to file suits against foreign governments . President Obama vetoed the bill , arguing that eliminating the notion of sovereign immunity would jeopardize U.S. interests and put American service members and elected officials at risk of being hauled into foreign courts .
Advertisement :
`` It 's a dangerous precedent and it 's an example of why sometimes you have to do what 's hard , '' Obama said during a CNN town hall this week . `` If you 're perceived as voting against 9/11 families right before an election , not surprisingly , that 's a hard vote for people to take . But it would have been the right thing to do . ”
The New York Times carried the backstory on the bill :
`` The bill 's triumphant journey came without significant congressional debate or intense pressure from voters , but rather through the sheer will of the victims ' families , who seized on the 15th anniversary of the attack and an election year to lean on members of Congress . That effort was aided by the fact that members ' collective patience with the kingdom has waned in recent years . The Times also noted :
`` The override underscored the inherent smallness of Republican victories against Mr. Obama since seizing the majority in Congress in 2015 . The veto override , while thrilling to many Republicans , came on a bill that was far from the Republicans ' self-identified priorities of unraveling the health care law and pushing back on government regulations . Nor was it a measure they had hoped to secure with the president 's help , like overhauling the tax code or passing a major trade agreement . ''
The House voted 348 to 77 to override Obama 's veto , with only 18 Republicans and 59 Democrats siding with the president . The Senate vote was 97 to 1 , with Democratic Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid casting the sole vote in opposition .
The White House called the bipartisan vote “ the single most embarrassing thing that the United States has done , possibly since 1983 . ”
Less than 24 hours after Congress ' extraordinary step , the two top Republicans in Congress said they were prepared to rewrite the legislation — but not before engaging in a bit of the blame game .
On Thursday House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell acknowledged that the bill , which narrows a foreign nation 's immunity from legal challenge , could have unintended consequences . But both GOP leaders were also quick to blame the president for `` dropping the ball '' by failing to engage with Congress on the legislation before it passed .
Advertisement :
`` I wish the president — I hate to blame everything on them and I do n't — but it would have been helpful had he , we , had a discussion about this much earlier than last week , '' McConnell said .
McConnell told reporters , “ Everybody was aware of whom the potential beneficiaries were but nobody had really focused on the potential downside in terms of our international relationships , and I think it was just a ball dropped . ”
The Wall Street Journal also found a way to blame Obama for the Congressional override . The editorial board wrote Wednesday , `` would n't you know that Congress finally challenges President Obama on foreign policy , and it 's in a bad because that will harm US interests . Too bad the president did so little to stop it . ''
The White House , however , had warned as much in with an unsuccessful last-minute barrage by the defense secretary , CIA director and other top national security officials to try to stop the override . All wrote weighty letters to Congress voicing their concerns about the potential harm , leading some lawmakers to publicly express reservations ahead of this week 's vote . But most went ahead and supported the override anyway .
Advertisement :
The White House also pushed back against Republicans ' efforts to deflect blame for the bill on the president .
“ What 's true in elementary school is true in the United States Congress , ” White House spokesperson Josh Earnest told reporters on Thursday . “ Ignorance is not an excuse . ”
Now a bipartisan group of Senators is warning that the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act could backfire by exposing the United States to retaliatory lawsuits by foreign victims of terrorism :
Advertisement :
House Republicans have also indicated support for amending the law .
“ I 'd like to think that there 's a way we could fix so that our service members do not have legal problems overseas , while still protecting the rights of the 9/11 victims , ” House Speaker Paul Ryan said to reporters on Thursday .
According to Bloomberg News , Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker said the Saudis are interested in options for tweaking the law — something that could n't happen until after the November election .
That 's what $ arah Palin , Glenn Beck , William Bennett and a whole bunch of other conservatives would have you believe . They tell us that King stood for freedom , liberty and limited government .
Conservatives love to proclaim “ Bull Connor was a Democrat ! And Martin Luther King was a Republican ! ”
Here are just a few examples :
And do n't miss this , from a black conservative :
King recognized the tyrannical nature of the government , and they would be standing shoulder to shoulder with Sarah Palin , Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh , Herman Cain , Allen West , and many others in an attempt to free not only blacks this time , but the entire nation from the very same government that was oppressing blacks during King 's lifetime .
Well , if there 's been any presidential candidate on a major party ticket who believed in those things since World War II , it was Barry Goldwater . And they were the nominee of the Republicans , allegedly King 's own party . So surely Martin Luther King must have voted for Barry Goldwater , right ?
Uh , no .
In fact , this “ conservative Republican ” denounced Goldwater in the strongest possible terms in a speech they gave after they won the Nobel Prize . They not only condemned Goldwater , they explicitly condemned Goldwater 's message of liberty , freedom and limited government :
Another indication that progress is being made was found in the recent presidential election in the United States . The American people revealed great maturity by overwhelmingly rejecting a presidential candidate who had become identified with extremism , racism , and retrogression . The voters of our nation rendered a telling blow to the radical right . They defeated those elements in our society which seek to pit white against Negro and lead the nation down a dangerous Fascist path .
Pretty odd talk coming from a conservative Republican , do n't you think ? Goldwater never sought to pit whites against “ Negroes ” ; they simply believed it was unconstitutional for the federal government to force anyone , black or white , to do business with people they did n't want to do business with .
If you want to see something hilarious , read the whole article at that last link . After quoting King 's words about Goldwater , the conservative author then goes on to say that an older , wiser King would likely have been ashamed of themselves for saying those things .
As I said the other day , conservatives prefer fairy tales to reality .
Right before they got shot , when they were older and presumably wiser , King was focusing on “ a more just distribution of income ” , etc . In other words , radical left wing , big government socialism . On August 31st , 1967 they declared in a speech that :
We have deluded ourselves into believing the myth that capitalism grew and prospered out of the Protestant ethic of hard work and sacrifices . The fact is that capitalism was built on the exploitation of black slaves and continues to thrive on the exploitation of the poor , both black and white , both here and abroad…the way to end poverty is to end the exploitation of the poor . Insure them a fair share of the government 's services and the nation 's resources . We must recognize that the problems of neither racial nor economic justice can be solved without a radical redistribution of political and economic power .
Yeah , I can just see a guy who talked about poor people having a right to their “ fair share ” of the nation 's resources calling Obama a socialist .
That was around the same time that King began demanding that the federal government provide everyone in the country with a minimum guaranteed income .
That 's right ; forget about the minimum wage , which many conservatives oppose . King wanted a government guaranteed minimum income for everyone .
WASHINGTON — Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. had another dream : the guaranteed income . Those careful about their legacy say the $ 120 million monument to them that 's finally nearing construction on the National Mall is all well and good . But as the nation commemorates King 's 81st birthday today , they say they should best be remembered for their career-long focus on the poor . A year before their 1968 death in Memphis , in their “ Where Do We Go From Here : Chaos or Community , ” King wrote : “ I am now convinced that the simplest solution to poverty is to abolish it directly by a now widely discussed measure : the guaranteed income . ”
There 's your “ conservative ” Martin Luther King who stood for “ liberty ” and “ freedom ” and opposed “ big government ” and would be rallying against Obamacare with Glenn Beck and $ arah Palin .
And there 's a whole lot more where this stuff came from .
How do conservatives say and write this stuff with a straight face ? How do they look themselves in the mirror at night ?
God help us .
While Apple CarPlay and Android Auto promise to make your car 's in-dash system infinitely more bearable in the not so distant future , you 're still stuck in the unfortunate position of having to choose between one or the other . Not so Parrot 's whimsically named RNB6 , which lets you go both ways . Oh , and it has a dash cam built right in .
The flexibility of the RNB6 extends beyond its operating system agnosticism ; it comes with nav , hands-free telephone operation , voice controls , and on-board diagnostics that let you know just how low your tire pressure is . And again : dashcam .
Advertisement
The RNB6 should fit in just about any relatively recent car , which itself is not such a feat but is reassuring if you 've never dipped a toe in the aftermarket before . And CarPlay/Android Auto feature is a welcome one for households—like mine ! —that have a split platform personality . Or , you know , if you do n't want your car to dictate what phone you buy next .
Advertisement
Are there caveats ? There are caveats ! The biggest one being that there 's no price or availability for this yet , and while it certainly does n't smell like vaporware it 's definitely going to cost . Whether that split platform personality commands a premium—or rather , just how much of a premium it commands—is going to go a long way towards deciding if this belongs in your dash .
But also : that dash cam !
Advertisement
Advertisement
Welcome to Gizmodo 's coverage of all things CES 2015 ! For our comprehensive rundown of everything new and shiny at the year 's biggest gadgetorium , check out our pop-up site here .
The diet plan is already in place for the athletes residing at each of the three United States training centers — here and in Chula Vista , Calif. , and Lake Placid , N.Y. And the organization is urging all United States athletes to be aware of what they ingest . Under the World Anti-Doping Agency 's drug-testing code , athletes are responsible for whatever is in their bodies , regardless of the source .
Much of the dietary strategy falls to Jacque Hamilton , the executive chef of the U.S.O.C . They have consulted with dietitians and sous chefs over the past year and a half to modify more than 1,500 recipes and prepare to serve about 700 meals a day at the U.S.O.C . 's training center in Beijing . Many countries do not have the resources for a training center in Beijing , but those that do may choose to serve their own food as well .
Photo
Ms. Hamilton has lowered sodium , decreased fats and eliminated trans fats — even from rich dishes like macaroni and cheese and rice pudding — while preserving the flavor . Most recipes must pass a taste test at the Hamilton household before they let the athletes sample them , and on a recent afternoon at the Olympic Training Center here , Ms. Hamilton unveiled moo shu pork wraps , mango rice balls and a seaweed and soba noodle salad , hoping to gain approval for inclusion on the Beijing menu .
In front of each dish sat a placard informing athletes of vital nutritional information like serving size , calorie content and grams of fats and carbohydrates .
In a way , Ms. Hamilton is a natural fit for this mission ; they are a 54-year-old mother of two who says they have never fed their family white bread or canned meats or vegetables . They recently recounted how their son , Jeremy , 12 years old at the time , came home one day and asked why they had been abusing them for so long .
“ I said , ‘ What are you talking about ? ' ” Ms. Hamilton said , laughing . “ And they said , ‘ Why did I have to have my first Twinkie at someone else 's house ? ' ”
There were no signs of Twinkies in the dining hall at the training center , but that does not necessarily mean athletes would be banished if they ate one . Adam Korzun , a dietitian who will be traveling to Beijing to ensure that every meal follows the nutritional standards , said no foods were forbidden .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ It 's all a matter of how and when you work it into your diet , ” they said .
Sometimes , the athletes do not have a choice . Mr. Korzun recounted several times when teams competing in foreign countries were presented with culinary challenges . The triathlon team encountered a dish called “ Be Dental Alveoli Quick to Salad Bangkok Hot Paddle Fish , ” during a meet in Thailand . And the men 's weight lifting team was served barbecued guinea pig before a competition in Peru .
Myles Porter , who is hoping to earn a spot on the judo team for the Paralympic Games , said they lost about 20 pounds during the Para Pan-American Games in Brazil because they ate mostly pasta .
“ You ca n't just eat that for two weeks and expect to be at your best , ” Mr. Porter said .
To limit those occurrences , Tyson has provided all United States team members with duffel bags containing a hot pot , a power adaptor , recipes and replenishable pouches of chicken that they can take to international qualifying events over the next few months .
Photo
In preparation for the Olympics , Tyson will ship beef , chicken and pork to China . When the food arrives , customs agents will review the shipment — the U.S.O.C . has budgeted 10 days to complete this process — before it is delivered to U.S.O.C . representatives and taken to a holding site at Beijing Normal University . The food will remain there for about three weeks until athletes arrive .
“ The security is so tight that there is pre-screening before it even gets to me , ” said Terri Moreman , the U.S.O.C . 's associate director of food and nutrition services .
The protein from Tyson is one of the few food products that will be shipped from the United States . For more than a year , a delegation that includes Mr. Puleo and Ms. Moreman has traveled periodically to China to explore food-related issues . While there , they meet with potential vendors and importers , locate Western-style kitchen equipment and , in some cases , plan how to procure items that Americans may take for granted .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The U.S.O.C . will send measuring cups because , as Ms. Hamilton noted , the United States does not use the metric system . Kellogg 's has been asked to supply cereals like Frosted Flakes and Mini-Wheats , as well as Nutri-Grain bars , because those products are not readily available in China . Finding molasses , they learned , is next to impossible . Ice ? Also a challenge .
“ When I told them that we 'll need about 6,000 pounds a day , they think the translation 's wrong , ” Mr. Puleo said . “ Actually , we 'll need much more than that . ”
The details must be completed during the group 's next visit to Beijing , scheduled for March , so Ms. Hamilton can begin planning the menu , but so far they expect to import most of the seafood from Japan and a lot of the fruit from Australia . Even without knowing exactly what they will have , Ms. Hamilton has identified some favorites that have made the cut , like meatloaf and the seaweed and soba noodle salad .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They anticipate arriving in Beijing in mid-July to become accustomed to their new kitchen and to meet the Chinese staff that will be assisting them By then , many of the woks will have been removed , replaced by mobile ovens and griddles , and a weeklong soft opening will be staged at the end of the month to address any problems . Ms. Moreman said they would have a spreadsheet detailing every athlete 's arrival , the times and locations of competitions and when they could expect which team to eat .
Once athletes are finished competing , they are free — encouraged , even — to sample the local fare . That could mean munching on live seahorses or hard-boiled fertilized duck eggs — though steering clear of adulterated chicken breasts .
“ I 'll be out there trying all that stuff , too , ” Hamilton said . “ I ca n't wait . ”
SAN DIEGO , CALIFORNIA—Compulsive gamblers are n't necessarily greedier than the rest of us—their brains may just be wired to favor money over sex . That 's the conclusion of a study presented here today at the Society for Neuroscience conference . This tendency to prioritize money over more basic desires resembles other addictions like alcoholism , researchers say , and could point toward new therapies .
Of the millions of people who gamble for fun or profit , about 1 % to 2 % qualify as pathological gamblers . They ca n't quit despite encountering serious negative consequences—going into debt , damaging relationships , and even smashing up slot machines and getting arrested when the habit gets out of control . This inability to stop even after sustained loss is one reason gambling recently became the first behavioral addiction to be recognized by psychiatry 's most frequently used diagnostic manual , the DSM-5 , says Guillaume Sescousse , a neuroscientist at the Radboud University Nijmegen in the Netherlands who led the new study . After all , they say , professional poker players can play for 10 hours a day and not be considered addicts—so long as they can stop when their luck runs out .
Researchers have long hypothesized that the basis for gambling addiction might be hypersensitivity to the highs of winning money , caused by dysfunctional wiring in neural circuits that process reward . Studies have produced conflicting results , however , so Sescousse decided to investigate an alternative hypothesis . They wondered if instead of being overly sensitive to monetary reward , compulsive gamblers were less sensitive to other rewarding things , like alcohol and sex .
To test this idea , they and their team recruited 18 male pathological gamblers by posting ads that asked , `` Do you gamble a lot ? '' The researchers also recruited 20 healthy controls . After undergoing evaluations to establish how much they gambled , the volunteers were asked to lie inside a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) scanner that recorded brain activity during a task that required them to push a button as quickly as possible in order to win money or to see sexy pictures of women . The faster participants pushed the button , the more motivated they were thought to be to get the reward . This experimental paradigm is more objective than a questionnaire and has been extensively tested in humans and animal models , Sescousse says .
Prior to the task , the majority of gamblers reported that they valued money and sex equally . Their results , however , showed an unconscious bent toward cash . Their reaction times when trying to win money were about 4 % faster than when trying to see erotica , an effect that `` might seem small , but is actually highly significant '' in this type of research , Sescousse says . As the participants performed the task , the researchers watched their brain responses on the fMRI scanner , which tracks blood flow as a measure of brain activity . They found that gamblers had much diminished responses to erotic images compared with monetary images in the ventral striatum , a brain region that processes reward . The difference in response was much smaller in controls , Sescousse says .
Next , the researchers looked at the participants ' brain activity in another key brain region involved in reward , the orbitofrontal cortex . In previous studies of healthy people , they had noticed that different parts of the orbitofrontal cortex respond to erotic and monetary stimuli—a division they think reflects a dissociation between innate rewards such as food and sex , which are key to survival , and secondary rewards such as money and power , which we must learn to value . In compulsive gamblers , the same region that normally only lights up in response to sex was activated when the participants looked at monetary cues , suggesting that they interpreted money as a more primary reward , the researchers say . Cognitive therapies that enhance sensitivity to nonmonetary rewards and change how gamblers think about money—for example to think of it as a tool , rather than as a reward in itself—might help address this distortion , Sescousse says .
The study results are `` convincing , '' says neuroscientist George Koob , an alcoholism expert at the Scripps Research Institute in San Diego , California . It 's possible that the gamblers ' sensitivity to rewarding activities such as sex may be so blunted that gambling is the only thing that still brings pleasure , they say . `` Maybe it 's all that 's left . ''
Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders . ( Reuters/Carlo Allegri )
Monday night , the conventional wisdom looked rosy for Hillary Clinton : They had won Sunday night 's Democratic debate , the pundits said , they would romp to easy wins in Michigan and Mississippi on Tuesday , and by Wednesday morning they could complete their pivot away from Sanders and toward the general election .
It turned out none of those things were true . Yes , Clinton still won more delegates on Tuesday , thanks to Mississippi , and , as anyone who watched the 2008 Democratic primary will tell you , that can not be ignored . But Sanders 's big upset ensures that this Democratic primary will remain contested for now , and that is a good thing .
Three takeaways : First , the result should provide a note of caution going forward for those who said Clinton won Sunday 's debate . The New York Times 's Noam Scheiber reported that the powerful United Auto Workers union “ worked hard ” for Sanders in Michigan in part because of Clinton 's misleading claim that Sanders “ opposed the auto bailout. ” Exit polls found that Sanders led by seven points among voters who decided less than a week before Election Day , and trailed by three points among voters who decided before then . Together , these suggest that Sanders actually more likely won Sunday 's debate .
Second , Sanders showed that even cutting a little bit into Clinton 's big margin among non-white voters can make a big difference . Clinton still crushed the Vermont senator among black voters , but getting 31 percent of the African American vote , 10 to 20 points higher than what Sanders has scored in other states with significant numbers of black voters , was enough for Sanders to squeak out a victory . ( The other recent contest where Sanders won a similar share of black voters ? Oklahoma , which they also won . ) That number opens the door much wider for them in big upcoming states like Ohio .
Last , but certainly not least , Sanders drew strength again from the young and those concerned about economic inequality and trade policies — voters that Clinton does n't have good answers for . These voters want to know why Clinton thinks simply tinkering with and building upon President Obama 's legacy is enough . Decades of wage stagnation , disappearing jobs and the majority of gains going to the wealthiest , as well as years of terrible job markets and crushing debt for young voters , suggest that broader systemic change is still required . Clinton wisely has not dismissed their concerns , but moving in a more populist direction — opposing the Trans-Pacific Partnership , for example — is n't enough . ( Indeed , Clinton 's flip on TPP implicitly proves to these voters that their instinct that free trade has played a part in their troubles is right . )
Sanders has made Clinton a better candidate by pushing them in a more populist direction , but they will need to do more in terms of actual policies to permanently win over young people and those who have struggled under the economic policies of both parties in recent decades . These Americans simply do not trust them at the moment to advocate for them against corporate interests . Luckily for Clinton , they probably will not vote for Trump in the fall ( at least not in large enough numbers ) , but those voters — especially millennials — will only grow as a force , and Clinton and the Democratic Party will need them two and four years down the road .
Clinton still remains the clear favorite to win the Democratic nomination . They lead Sanders by well over 200 pledged delegates , and an even larger amount among superdelegates — unpledged , but members of the party establishment and unlikely to back Sanders in large numbers . Even if Sanders wins Ohio next Tuesday , he 's much less likely to win Illinois , Florida or North Carolina , and thus will fall further behind . But Clinton and the Democratic Party 's leadership can not pretend Sanders is going away anytime soon — and they would be wise to listen more to what their supporters are saying .
On the 4th October , the Phoenix Hour was on-air and had a sort-of celebration for it 's first birthday , having first aired in 2010 , and moved home in the interim . A belated happy birthday from me to Phalen , Jess and all the team who work on the show .
Support Groups
Jessica kicked-off the meat of the show with a warning about “ unofficial ” in-world Support Groups for Phoenix/Firestorm.There are a number of such Groups operating in-world , some of which have proven to be problematic for Phoenix and Firestorm users who have joined them in the mistaken belief that they are a part of the Phoenix / Firestorm team . In order to help people avoid similar issues in the future , Jessica reiterated that “ official ” support teams will always have either themselves ( Jessica Lyon ) or Ed Merryman as a Founder and / or in the Ownership . As such , when looking to gain “ official ” support , users should only join these Groups .
Firestorm Update
V1 Functionality
Firestorm has surpassed Linden Lab 's Viewer 2 ( /3 ) usage hours , which demonstrates the Viewer has a very strong uptake . However , adoption among existing Phoenix users remains an issue of concern . To overcome this , the team will be carrying out further work on the Phoenix mode log-in option for Firestorm :
The toolbar at the bottom of the screen will receive further work , possibly to include text rather than icons in the buttons to help make it look more like Phoenix
Phoenix / V1 chat bar behaviour is to be included in the mode : V1 Auto-hiding of the chat bar will be included ( Preferences option ) , so that when ENTER is hit , the chat bar will slide off to the left of the screen ( rather than behind the toolbar buttons , as with V1 behaviour ) ; pressing ENTER again will display the chat bat once more Similarly , pressing ESC will hide the chat bar and allow the WASD keys to be used for avatar movement , a-la V1 behaviour . Pressing Enter will display the chat bar once more for text entry A major source of complaint from V1 users coming into Firestorm has been the use of chiclets in the V2 code . The team are looking into an option for users to replace the chiclets with V1 style dialogue boxes if they wish . Firestorm does currently display script menus in the top right and also V1-style notices appearing in the lower right-hand corner – although they do not currently stay open – and the team are looking to enhance this
A further issue with adoption from V1 has been identified with the menu bar – which is clearly very different in V3 Viewers from V1.To assist people in transitioning to the new menu system , the team have started looking at ways in which the V1 style menus can temporarily be displayed in Firestorm for a period of around 30 seconds at a time .
The idea behind this is not to replace the V3 menu system , but to help people orient themselves with the new menus – the capability can be used to quickly find & use options under the V1 menu system ( such as uploading an image ) – once an option has been used , the menu bar will revert to V3 style . In this way , people can find much-used options without frustration , while learning the new menu system at their own pace . While details are yet to be finalised , the capability will most likely be enabled through a button on Firestorm 's menu bar .
As Jessica stated in the show , the Team are trying to provide means by which V1 users find it easier to orient themselves to using Firestorm without impacting the team 's ability to keep pace with V3 developments coming out of Linden Lab . To achieve this the team must balance changes within the Viewer 's functionality with the ability to merge such changes with the code base coming out of the Lab .
Jessica also indicated that not all of the above changes will be implemented in the next Firestorm release , although the chat bar changes will be there ( and gave the impression things like hiding the chat bar may be common to all three of the Viewer 's log-in modes ) .
General Updates
Away from V1 adoption issues , Jessica reported that :
Spell check is finished and will be in the next Firestorm release , there are just a couple of bugs to iron out
Mouselook has been updated ( notably for combat users ) to include : The ability to see beacons in Mouselook Mouselook zoom – press and hold the right mouse button and use the mouse scroll wheel to zoom in / out The ability to display local chat and IM history
The current “ chat echo ” behaviour that sees anything typed into the chat bar being repeated in the Local Chat window ( if open ) and vice-versa , has been fixed , allowing different comments to be typed into each of the chat entry bars
Nicky Dasmijn has been working on the mesh uploader , and it looks very much as if this will be in the next release of Firestorm – there was some doubt as to whether it would be finished in time for the next release when Jessica last mentioned it in The Phoenix Hour
Similarly , the inventory “ jump ” issue has been fixed by Kitty Barnett and will also be in the next Firestorm release
Notecard find & replace will be included , together with a number of fixes to the text editor , including , it would appear , the cursor placement issue
Radar is to made available as a floater in its own right , rather than as a part of the Nearby People Sidebar tab / floater – work has just started on this , so it may not be in the next release
Anti-spam controls are to be included in Firestorm – but it is unclear if these will be in the next release or not
There are a number of AO bug fixes , although at the time of the show ( 4th October ) , the issue of the AO turning itself off when you log in was still unresolved
Code Contributions
Jessica raised the issue that Phoenix / Firestorm is in some ways viewed as the “ giant ” in Viewer development and as being somehow untouchable – which is far from the case . While the team does have an extensive support network for users , the development side is actually quite small ( thirteen developers in total , only some of whom are able to commit large amounts of time to the project ) .
Therefore , rather than being large and untouchable , the team actually welcomes contributions from other developers that can be incorporated into the Viewer . Such contributions do n't have to by major new features or bug fixes , as Jessica stated :
“ You may think that you 're not worthy , or you 're not good enough – but you are . Trust me . Even the littlest , smallest contributions you can provide are sometimes really big impact things Even just a typo that you find in the interface … and you can fix that easily and submit it to us … The thing is , I can put Aaron on a typo , and he 's going to spend 15-20 minutes on that typo ; but that 15 minutes of Aaron 's time can be spent on really complicated things , and I 'd rather keep them on the more [ high ] impact stuff , the complicated things that only they can do , than to put them onto something small . But if you can supply us [ with ] a patch , we can right-click , commit , give you credit for it and suddenly it 's fixed and it has n't taken us any time at all . ”
Jessica then went on to outline the contributions that have come from a number of people – and other Viewers – that have helped to improve Firestorm , culminating in a further statement that Firestorm would not be where it is today without the efforts of a lot of contributors outside of the core team , “ So if you have something in your Viewer that improves your experience , I bet you it 's going to improve someone else 's . Send us a patch ” .
Patches can be submitted via the Phoenix JIRA – you will require an account . There is also a mailing list available for developers and compilers to join . Note that this is not for asking questions on using the Viewer or for making suggestions for future features , etc – all of these should be handled through the usual support channels . The mailing list is purely for those actively engaged in Firestorm development , or who to assist in developing the Viewer ( so it could be used to confirm whether or not someone is already working on fixing a particular bug or not , for example ) . Full credit for all patches / code used are given .
New Classes for Firestorm
There are new classes for Firestorm covering subjects such as troubleshooting , creating and using Contact Sets . Notification on these classes are provided through the Phoenix / Firestorm Support Groups .
When Will the Release be Made ?
There are a number of things still to be sorted as core issues prior to the next release of Firestorm .
As previously indicated , there are a number of issues inherited from Linden Lab within the code , and for which the team are still awaiting fixes from the Lab
Jessica would personally like to see the issues of settings reverting and the Viewer locking up as “ not responding ” periodically for some to be fixed prior to the next release
As such , there is still not given date for the next release – too much depends upon Linden Lab in many respects .
A further issue for the team are the recently announced changes to the Viewer UI that are to be forthcoming from Linden Lab . At the time the show was recorded , little was known as to when these changes would start to be implemented by Linden Lab ( or , in fact , what they would be ) , and Jessica was of the opinion that the team would likely release Firestorm prior to merging it with any UI updates coming out of LL .
However , given that some of these are now apparently due by the end of October ( merging the Basic & Advanced modes , click-to-walk functionality , etc . ) , as indicated by Rodvik Linden speaking over on the SLU Forums , plans for Firestorm may have again been changed . As such , there is liable to be a further update on the release status for Firestorm at the next Phoenix Hour to take this particular matter into account , once more is known on LL 's plans .
Jessica was also unable to commit to supplying a date for the release of Phoenix with Mesh support . This has dependencies other than mesh ( such as a complete update of the RLV system ) , which the team would like to see completed priority to making a further Phoenix release .
Finally , both Firestorm and Phoenix are also waiting on LL fixing the mesh-related OpenGL issues and graphics issues that are currently being investigated by Runitai Linden .
The next Phoenix Hour is schedules for 14:00 SLT on Tuesday 18th October .
Advertisements
It no longer appears likely that Apple 's overseas earnings can be repatriated back to the United States at more favorable tax rates this year , as plans for tax reform -- including deep cuts to health care spending aimed at enabling a huge tax cut -- have been delayed . On the other hand , unsettling political news is also having an adverse affect on the US dollar , creating an unanticipated side effect : a more favorable currency exchange environment for Apple 's foreign earnings .
Euro has reached a 6 month high against the US Dollar
Apple 's foreign currency headwinds
American political chaos disrupting markets
American political turmoil is hurting the dollar . That will have a positive impact on Apple 's global profitability moving forward
The strengthening of the US Dollar -- which began to have a notable impact on Apple 's earnings reports starting in 2014 -- has repeatedly been cited by the company as negatively affecting its earnings in a number of ways.In its Fiscal 2014 10K filing , the company noted that weakening foreign currencies `` adversely affects the U.S. dollar value of the Company 's foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings , '' and added that a stronger dollar generally results in the company being forced to raise its prices overseas , with the potential result of reducing demand as buyers balk at paying more for the same thing.In 2015 , the strengthening dollar caused Apple to raise prices in its stores ranging from Australia , Canada , New Zealand , France , Denmark , Sweden , Finland and Portugal.In the summer of 2016 , Britain 's vote to leave the European Union caused the British Pound to fall dramatically against the dollar , resulting in an up to 20 percent price hike on some Mac models in the U.K. , followed by a 25 percent hike in price tiers in its App Store earlier this year.This January , Apple 's chief executive Tim Cook noted that China 's currency had devalued by 6 percent year over year compared to the dollar . The shift was large enough to prompt the company to report non-GAAP earnings on a constant currency basis to isolate its actual performance from the currency shifts out of its control.Other American companies operating internationally have suffered from the same unfavorable currency headwinds , although Apple has in general weathered these fluctuations better than many of its peers simply because it is so profitable and because it has the capital and credit to enter long term hedging contracts to mitigate risk.At the same time , the impact of foreign currency shifts in China has been a much larger issue for Apple than companies like Facebook , Google , Microsoft and U.S. hardware makers -- few of whom have been able to materially penetrate the Chinese market at all , let alone making it a leading chunk of their business.Apple has also taken advantage of the stronger dollar 's purchasing ability to invest in large infrastructure , production and retail projects internationally , including a series of new retail stores in China , its massive new Battersea Power Station development in London , and a string of research and development facilities being built around the world.Strong earnings in the winter quarter jolted Apple 's stock price upward despite foreign currency headwinds . Apple shares continued to rise on apparent optimism that a new Republican president -- backed by Republican control of both chambers of Congress -- could quickly implement business-friendly tax breaks , including lower repatriation rates on Apple 's very large overseas earnings.However , that optimism turned out to be misplaced . Efforts to slash health care spending to enable very large tax breaks was met by popular resistance that fragmented the controlling political party , delaying the full passage of both health care cuts and subsequent efforts to shift tax policy . Proposed travel bans , restrictions on visas , the halting of infrastructure spending and the postponement of a repatriation tax holiday that Apple and other Silicon Valley companies had been working with Hillary Clinton to draft as part of a seres of tech-friendly policy positions were already causes for concern before a series of troubling reports erupted last week -- triggering fears of disruptive impeachment proceeding -- appeared to cause shares of Apple to drop dramatically in tandem with the rest of the market.At the same time , American political turmoil is hurting the dollar . That will have a positive impact on Apple 's global profitability moving forward , even if it also makes it more expensive for Americans to travel abroad or buy foreign products.The Euro , which nearly reached $ 1.40 in early 2014 , fell down to $ 1.04 at the end of 2016 . Yesterday it jumped back up above $ 1.12 , a six month high against the dollar.The British Pound , which reached $ 1.71 in 2014 , fell as low as $ 1.22 after Brexit but has since inched back up to $ 1.30.The Japanese Yen reached up to 124 in 2015 , then collapsed to nearly 100 last winter ; it has since improved to today 's 111 against the US Dollar.China 's RMB has steadily depreciated against the USD since 2014 , but the fall has at least stopped this year.A weaker dollar means that Apple is now making more money ( as enumerated in dollars ) in a variety of territories at its current prices . It also holds the potential for Apple to lower its prices on hardware and apps overseas , a move that could be expected to induce demand . It remains to be seen how the US Dollar will compare going forward , but Apple is no doubt relieved to see more favorable exchange rates that will help it to boost its ability to earn money overseas , even if it has to delay plans to bring that cash back this year .
It has been reported by Korean news site Hankyung that YG Entertainment has stepped up its game by furthering development plans with Chinese entertainment company Yuehua Entertainment .
Already named as one of the top three entertainment companies in South Korea , YG Entertainment does not let its guard down and has chosen to adopt a new business strategy to avoid facing business stagnation .
YG Entertainment is currently in talks with Beijing-based Yuehua Entertainment to work together for the joint production of movies and dramas . If the talks go through successfully , movie and drama projects are expected to launch in Korea and China simultaneously as early as next year .
After sealing a free trade agreement last month , Yuehua has established a subsidiary branch located in South Korea . The partnership between the two companies has already been going on for some time now , as they have jointly produced the rookie Chinese-Korean group UNIQ , which debuted with title track “ Falling in Love ” in October this year .
Besides , Epik High , which is signed under YG Entertainment , has also collaborated with Yuehua artist Bibi Zhou in “ With You ” that was released earlier this year .
YG Entertainment is apparently making rapid expansions into the Chinese entertainment industry recently , having reportedly received investment proposals from several companies in China . The group 's artists have also recently attended a press conference which announced the official partnership with Chinese group QQ Music , with possibilities of co-producing a new audition program . This is following the partnership that was bridged between SM Entertainment and Chinese search engine Baidu .
YG Entertainment 's representative Kim Sang Ho responded to the news by saying , “ It is true that we are currently in discussions with the investment proposals received from China , but I am not able to reveal specifically which company it is . ”
Other artists under Yuehua Entertainment include former Super Junior member Hangeng , Ah Du , Pledis Entertainment artists NU'EST-M , and After School .
Source : hankyung
In September , Jiang Sulian of China had to undergo a colonoscopy when they arrived at Bangkok airport . The reason ? They had stolen a six-carat diamond ( wor th Rs . 18 crore approx ) from a Thai jewellery fair and swallowed it . Lodged in their large intestine , the 39-year old fake tourist needed surgery as the large diamond could n't be removed naturally.In November 2012 , a 25-year-old unnamed Lebanese smuggler was detained at Johannesburg airport with 220 , yes 220 , polished diamonds in their stomach . Headed to Dubai , the man was caught and forced , with the help of laxatives , to give up the diamonds ( worth Rs . 14.9 crore approx ) .35-year-old `` nervous- looking '' Abdul Rehman of Sri Lanka was apprehended when the metal detector went off at Mumbai airport in March 2013 . Turns out they had hidden five gold biscuits worth Rs . 15 lakh in their rectum . The passenger from Dubai , said an airport official , then `` squatted and got the biscuits out '' . Meanwhile , a woman was once caught the same year at Mumbai airport with 1.5 kg gold sewn into their hair bun.30-year-old Chan Shih wore loose clothing and tried to explain their awkward walk , saying they had a bad back to the Chinese airport staff who detained them in March this year . A closer search revealed they were carrying 146 iPhones strapped to their body . When the detector went off , the man said it was their gold bracelet — but it was the several phones cellotaped to their stomach and calves that were the real problem.Two Sri Lankan men — Shadul Hameed Mohamed Issadeen ( 48 ) and Habeebu Mohammed Izadeen ( 53 ) — found an ingenious way to smuggle 436.8 gram of gold ( worth Rs . 13 lakh approx ) in April 2013 . They stuck it in their mouths , below their tongues , then got past Lankan immigration using the excuse of maun vrat ( vow of silence ) . At Chennai airport , while mumbling to each other , they were caught by authorities . `` They opened their mouths , but did not lift their tongues . We checked and found the gold , '' said an official .
Those hoping for a repeat of Wisconsin in New York tomorrow had better steel themselves for disappointment . Donald Trump 's dominating lead in the Empire State has remained constant across all polls , and the latest NBC 4/WSJ/Marist poll falls right into line with the consensus . Do n't expect too much variation depending on an upstate/downstate divide , either :
In the contest for the Republican presidential nomination , business person Donald Trump , 54 % , leads Ohio Governor John Kasich , 25 % , by 29 points among likely Republican primary voters in New York State . Texas Senator Ted Cruz receives 16 % of the likely GOP electorate . Trump maintains a commanding lead over their Republican rivals . In the previous NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist Poll of New York , Trump was ahead of Kasich by 33 points . “ Donald Trump is well-positioned to carry New York handily and is likely to acquire a sizeable number of New York 's delegates , as a result , ” says Dr. Lee Miringoff , Director of The Marist College Institute for Public Opinion . 64 % of likely Republican voters with a candidate preference strongly support their choice of candidate . Seven in ten Trump supporters , 70 % , say they will not waver in their commitment to him .
This falls right into line with the polling consensus at Real Clear Politics . That includes the order in which the candidates finish , too . Ted “ New York values ” Cruz now finishes third in most April polls behind John Kasich . The RCP average has them trailing Kasich by five points , 23/18 , and only one poll in the last ten has Cruz in second place — and that one put them at 21 % . Cruz has long since looked for greener pastures in Indiana and California , and for good reason .
Trump 's domination extends to the demos , as one would expect . They do n't have a problem with women , at least Republican women in New York , winning the demo 53/23/17 over Kasich and Cruz . They get majorities in both under- $ 50K and over- $ 50K income demos , and wins by almost the exact same margins among moderates ( 54 % ) and conservatives ( 55 % ) . Trump gets majorities in almost every demo , but falls just short among Protestants at 45/30/20 . Interestingly , considering some other reaction in Catholic circles , Trump wins that demo 63/21/12 . Hmmmm .
Cruz ' NY fade leaves just Kasich to keep Trump from crossing the 50 % threshold statewide and in each Congressional district to prevent a winner-take-all delegate allocation . Based on all the polling , that seems iffy , and the NBC 4/WSJ/Marist poll makes it look even iffier . Trump dominates downstate 58/24 over Kasich , but — surprise , surprise — he 's dominating upstate by about the same number among likely Republican primary voters , 52/25 , with Cruz only at 17 % . Could the combined power of Kasich/Cruz hold Trump under 50 % in a couple of CDs ? Sure , but that 's only going to take a few delegates at best from the 95 at stake tomorrow night . If Trump ends up with less than 90 , it will be a shock .
Mar 1 , 2015 ; Orlando , FL , USA ; Charlotte Hornets guard Lance Stephenson ( 1 ) looks on against the Orlando Magic during the second half at Amway Center . Charlotte Hornets defeated the Orlando Magic 98-83 . Mandatory Credit : Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
Lance Stephenson is a ghost in a shell of their former self now , relegated to the Charlotte Hornets ' bench and occasionally completely left out of the rotation . A season ago for the Indiana Pacers , they were a triple-double threat , averaging 13.8 points , 7.2 rebounds , and 4.2 assists a game . In Charlotte he 's not even coming close to averaging a double-double with 8.3 points , 4.1 assists , 4.7 rebounds a game .
He 's says they do n't regret leaving Indiana , but what else is they supposed to say ?
What is happening where they were a key player for the Eastern Conference 's top seed a year ago , but now an irrelevant player on a soon-to-be-irrelevant team ?
Jesus Gomez of SB Nation does a good job breaking down the numbers with Charlotte , pointing out that the Hornets are better when Stephenson does n't play , he 's not the player they were in Indiana , and that their defense has fallen off .
When Stephenson has shared the floor with Kemba Walker and Al Jefferson — the two most important players on the team — Charlotte has been outscored by almost 10 points per 100 possessions . Stephenson was supposed to be the team 's starting shooting guard , but he 's been unplayable next to the team 's stars .
On the first point ( and leading into the second ) , I believe part of the problem Stephenson is having in Charlotte stems from the fact you have several ball-dominant guards trying to share the floor . Mo Williams , Kemba Walker , and Gary Neal all have usage rates above 24 % . Throw in Al Jefferson 's 26.3 % usage rate and you do n't have a lot of possessions left . Stephenson 's 21 % usage rate is up slightly from their time in Indiana , but that seems a little deceiving to me .
Stephenson 's role in Indiana was split between being a second or third option with the starters and leading the second unit after getting early rest . Their usage rate got driven down significantly sharing the floor with Paul George , but they were taking plenty of shots and leading the team when they were playing with the bench . We watched Stephenson rack up stats against second units and tacking on a few more points and rebounds when the starters were on the floor .
Indiana Pacers coach Frank Vogel did this to keep Stephenson happy without them trying to overwhelm the starting unit — as well as bolster an offensively inept reserve unit — but it was n't perfect in Indiana either . Just look at how George Hill is playing this year without needing to share as much with another ball-dominant player . Hill 's stats this year are slightly juiced by a lack of Paul Georges as well , but too often Hill was standing around waiting for a kick-out pass instead of creating their own opportunities when they played with Stephenson . Vogel saw a way to make it work and take advantage of Stephenson 's strengths , something that is n't happening in Charlotte .
Charlotte coach Steve Clifford admitted to the Charlotte Observer that they have n't found a role the suits Stephenson with the Hornets . “ Lance is here because of me . I 'm the one who wanted Lance . It 's simply I ca n't find a group where we play well with them out there , ” Clifford said .
In Indiana , Stephenson served as a compliment to the starting unit and the heart and soul of the second unit . Charlotte does n't have a player than can take over a game like Paul George in their starting line up . You end up having multiple players trying to be the alpha dog , and while Jefferson is a leader , their body is n't wanted it once was . In Indiana the roles were much more clearly define for each player . It does n't feel like that is as clear in Charlotte .
Another reason for Stephenson 's drop off in production is the increased number of mid-range shots . If you throw out the 12 games they played their rookie season , Stephenson will end this season with the highest amount of mid-range shots their entire career and over double the percentage they took a year ago . He 's shooting 7 % worse from mid-range as well . He 's basically flipped around from what made them so good in Indiana . Instead of getting to the rim and hitting 3-pointers , he 's shooting in between the two , and doing it poorly .
He 's being more passive with the Hornets , and a passive Lance Stephenson is n't a good Lance Stephenson .
For better or worse in Indiana , it was Stephenson 's full-throttle approach that worked so well , especially in an offense that got bogged down at times . They did n't have to put the team on their back often , but there were times when Indiana won games thanks to Lance Stephenson and their aggressiveness .
This season Indiana certainly could have used some of Lance Stephenson 's aggression with so many injuries early on and even inquired about getting them back in a Pacers uniform . There were several reasons why it did n't happen , but keeping them has n't been a great experience for Charlotte .
Share
In terms of tech , the demo involves Theoriz 's in-house Augmenta tracking system , combined with Vive VR tracking technology . The creators of the above video are keen to point out that the tech demo is entirely real-time projection mapping , with no post-production trickiness .
“ We are currently developing a set of technologies aiming at providing new creative techniques for audiovisual production , ” David-Alexandre Chanel , co-founder of the studio and the artist and engineer behind the technology , told Digital Trends . “ We think that by changing the content creation process , we can open new creative possibilities and achieve unprecedented kind of visuals . This demo is the result of us starting to play with the creative possibility of the system for the first time . We are also using cheap equipment for this test and are in the process of shooting a more professional dance video soon . ”
While it is definitely not going to have exactly the same uses as virtual reality , it is still a pretty awesome tech showcase that we could imagine finding a good home in theme parks and other settings . Oh , and did we mention how trippy it all looks ?
“ For now , we are providing the system and our creativity as a service , ” Chanel said . “ We are also developing the software and hardware during that time and it might be commercialized at some point , but it 's not a priority for us . ”
OUTRAGEOUS= > Family of Port Authority Bomber Issues Statement BLASTING Law Enforcement
On Monday morning , Port Authority bomber Akayed Ullah , a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant , injured multiple people after prematurely detonating a homemade explosive device . Ullah carried out the ‘ ISIS-style , ' attack using Velcro-like fasteners and zip ties made from a pipe , say NYPD .
Council on American-Islamic Relations ' legal director , Albert Fox Cahn , issued an outrageous statement on behalf of Ullah 's family .
https : //twitter.com/Breaking911/status/940369798999003143
“ We are heartbroken by the violence that was targeted at our city today , and by the allegations being made against a member of our family , ” Ullah 's family said .
“ But we are also outraged by the behavior of law enforcement officials who have held children as small as 4 years old out in the cold and who held a teenager out of high school classes to interrogate them without a lawyer , without their parents . These are not the sorts of actions that we expect from our justice system , and we have every confidence that our justice system will find the truth behind this attack and that we will , in the end , be able to learn what occurred today . Thank-you for your time , ” the family added .
According to NBC News , “ Ullah was taken to Bellevue Hospital with wounds and burns after the Monday morning blast , which was captured on security video and spread panic during the morning commute . ”
The Ullah family 's statements follower New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio 's bizarre explanation behind the attack .
“ Let 's be clear – this was an attempted terrorist attack . Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals . Our first responders were there quickly and the only injuries we know of right now are minor , ” tweeted de Blasio .
Let 's be clear – this was an attempted terrorist attack . Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals . Our first responders were there quickly and the only injuries we know of right now are minor . — Mayor Bill de Blasio ( @ NYCMayor ) December 11 , 2017
“ We are a target because we prove a society of many faiths and many backgrounds can work – we show democracy can work . But we are the most resilient place on earth . We 've proved it time and time again . ”
We are a target because we prove a society of many faiths and many backgrounds can work – we show democracy can work . But we are the most resilient place on earth . We 've proved it time and time again . — Mayor Bill de Blasio ( @ NYCMayor ) December 11 , 2017
“ The NYPD will secure all transit hubs and major sites in this city . You 'll see additional officers out in force . When you see something , say something . Speak up because you could be saving lives , ” concluded the Mayor of New York City .
The NYPD will secure all transit hubs and major sites in this city . You 'll see additional officers out in force . When you see something , say something . Speak up because you could be saving lives . — Mayor Bill de Blasio ( @ NYCMayor ) December 11 , 2017
ONE of the low points for Binyamin Netanyahu in Israel 's election campaign early this year came in response to a report criticising their government 's handling of the housing crisis . The prime minister declared : “ There 's talk of house prices and cost of living . I do n't forget life itself , living—but the greatest challenge we are facing in our lives as Israeli citizens and this state is the threat of Iran 's arming with nuclear weapons . ”
They went on to confound the polls and win a fourth term as prime minister ; but “ life itself ” has become an ironic catchphrase for many of their opponents . To them it symbolises how Mr Netanyahu 's administration has focused on the Iranian threat at the expense of dealing with pressing issues closer to home . Now that the world 's powers have agreed on a nuclear deal with Iran , these problems are coming home to roost . Ten weeks after it was sworn in , the new government looks shaky .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The political turmoil which led to early elections prevented the passage of a state budget for 2015 , and the five-party government is struggling to find over 8.5 billion shekels ( $ 2.25 billion ) to meet promises made during the long coalition negotiations . A staunch believer in fiscal discipline , Mr Netanyahu has already had to agree to relax next year 's deficit target from 2 % to 2.9 % of GDP . The Treasury warns that if the coalition 's demands are met , the deficit could go as high as 3.5 % .
These budgetary woes are further complicated by two long-term economic issues now roiling Israeli politics . The government has been forced to postpone a vote on the future of Israel 's natural-gas sector , amid accusations that Mr Netanyahu has struck a poor deal with a consortium of the local Delek Group and the America-based Nobel Energy that currently holds most of the licences to extract gas from Israel 's offshore Mediterranean gasfields .
A government report on the defence budget was published this week , which called for a reduction of 12 % in the number of career officers and for shortening conscription for men from three to two years . The report prompted an angry counter-briefing from the Israel Defence Forces General Command . Mr Netanyahu will now have to choose between doing what the report advises , as many of their ministers are demanding , or siding with their close political ally , Moshe Yaalon , the defence minister , who supported the generals by calling the report “ shallow ” and “ delusional ” .
Backed by only 61 members of the 120-strong Knesset ( parliament ) , Mr Netanyahu is at the mercy of every backbencher . Threats by the most right-wing elements in the coalition not to support the government in crucial votes if it continues an unofficial freeze on new building in Jewish settlements in the occupied Palestinian territories led last week to the issuing of 906 permits for new housing units for Israelis in the Palestinian West Bank .
Mr Netanyahu is gearing up for another fight over the Iran deal , which they want the US Congress to block . But they will almost certainly lose , and is beginning to realise that their troubles are closer to home than Tehran . Their hopes that the Labour party would join their coalition , easing their domestic problems , were dashed on July 19th when its leader , Yitzhak Herzog , told a party conference that “ the Netanyahu government failed in preventing the nuclear deal ” and that “ we have to send them packing. ” At this point , the embattled prime minister can ill afford defeats both in Congress and the Knesset .
NOOKS AND CRANNIES
How many people do you need to gather together in order to make it probable that two of them will share the same birthday ? I am sure that I once read that it is less than thirty . Denis Purshouse , London England When 23 people are gathered , there is more chance than not that 2 of them have the same birthday . In order to help understand this , you should consider how many PAIRS of people there are . With 23 people there are 253 different pairings i.e . more than half of the 365 possible birthdays . Paul Wright , Basildon UK 23 people have a slightly over 50 % probability of two of them sharing the same birthday . Robert Hanstock , Pangbourne England It depends on what you mean by probable . Presuming that you mean better than a 50 % chance then the answer is 23 people and the reasoning ( ignoging leap years ) goes : - Start with one person in a room . Add a second person and the probability that they have a different birthday is 364/365 . Add a third and the probability that they have a different birthday to the first two is 363/365 . The probability that there are now no duplicate birthdays are ( 364/365 ) * ( 363/365 ) . Add a fourth and the probability that they have a different birthday to the first three is 362/365 . The probability that there are now no duplicate birthdays are ( 364/365 ) * ( 363/365 ) * ( 362/365 ) . etc . The probability that there are no duplicate birthdays falls below 50 % when the 23rd person arrives . Tony Foxcroft , Gloucester UK People are very easily misled by statistics . Indeed it is said that when they are used in court cases , even the judges draw the wrong conclusions . It is common to hear that there is only one in a million chance of the DNA in the blood found at the scene of a murder matching that of the accused . So when there is a match , people conclude that the odds are a million to one that they did it . Whereas all we can really say is that it is possible they or they did it . There is no such thing as proof positive , one can only prove a negative . So turning to our birthday question . If we were to invite people one-by-one to come into a room , ignoring leap years , it is possible to gather together 365 people all with a different birthday . Taking people at random in this way , one would have to select 366 people to be absolutely sure that two of them had the same birthday . At the same time , it 's fairly clear that it would be excruciatingly difficult to select 365 people from a crowd and not have two people with the same birthday . If you select just two people , the probability is very low , but it is possible ! The more people you select , the more likely it is to pick two born on the same day . The magic figure of 20 comes in - in fact it 's 23 - when the probability of having two people with the same birthday reaches 50/50 . Put another way , if we selected many groups of 23 people we could be sure that half of the groups selected would contain two people with the same birthday . But it is never certain until you select 366 . However when you get to 50 , the odds amount to over 90 % . Terence Hollingworth , Blagnac France 366 , you would think . Steve , Bristol UK For two people , the probability is 1/365 . Three people represents three combinations of two people , so the probability is 1/365 + 1/365 + 1/365 = 1/122 . Four people gives 6 two-person combinations = 6/365 = 1/61 . In order to be probable , ie . have a probability of 1/2 or greater , we need a number whose combinations add up to 365/2 = 182 . Twenty people gives 190 two-person combinations , giving a probability that two of those twenty people share a birthday of just over 50 % . Mark Lewney , Cardiff EU It 's 23 . Tim Ault , London UK The probability of two people in a randomly selected group sharing a birthday becomes greater than 50 % when the size of the group reaches 23 . John Charnock , Warrington UK 23 ! Students of Illuminati conspiracy theories will no doubt be intrigued by this . Nick , Milton Keynes UK Again we have contradictory answers . To see why Mark Lewney is mistaken , apply their method to a group of 28 people . There are 378 possible two-person combinations , so their method gives a probability greater than 1 , which is clearly impossible . Applying the correct method as stated by Tony Foxcroft , the probability of a match for 20 people is just over 41 percent . Incidentally , for 28 people , the probability is just over 65 percent . This all ignores leap years and the fact that birthdays are not evenly distributed . For a given number of people , including leap years lowers the probability of a match slightly ( for 23 people , from 50.73 % to 50.69 % ) . Taking account of the uneven distribution of birthdays ( and the possibility that two of the people in the room are twins ) increases the probability , but one would need full population data ( which I do not have ) to do the calculation . Pelham Barton , Birmingham UK The psychologist Susan Blackmore , when studying belief in parapsychology . They used this question as a way to test people 's ability to estimate probabilities accurately . They found that people who were bad at estimating probabilities ( i.e . gave answers a lot higher than 23 ) were much more likely to believe in telepathy , etc . Presumably because they underestimate the odds of 'strange ' coincidences happening . Psychologists will obviously have to come up with a new question to test the odds-estimating powers of N & Q readers now ... Sophia , Nottingham UK Here 's a variation on the question : all things being equal , how many people tip the likelihood that two people within that group have a first name and last name that derive the same two initials ? Thanks for any consideration . Non-techie Talk , Toronto Canada
Add your answer
Marshawn Lynch has ended their brief Training Camp holdout and was in attendance at Seahawks practice today , which means we can all stop worrying about whether or not he 'll play and instead focus on how much the Seahawks will use him . As it pertains to Fantasy Football , the question of whether Lynch continues to be the bellcow back for Seattle or used as part of a more balanced running-back-by-committee approach comes to mind .
No running back has more carries or touchdowns than Marshawn Lynch over the past three seasons and only the Niners have run the ball more times the the Seahawks in that time period ( by six attempts ) . Last year -- among running backs -- only Jamaal Charles scored more touchdowns than Lynch ( 14 ) , so the combination of all these factors points to Lynch being a big time fantasy producer in 2014 .
That said , Lynch is now 28 years old and sits ahead of two talented backs in Christine Michael and Robert Turbin , so it 's likely the Seahawks will look to get those two involved more to keep Lynch healthy and fresh into the ( hopefully ) postseason . Additionally , as part of Lynch 's reworked contract , their performance escalator that would 've paid out $ 500,000 when they hit 1,500 yards is now guaranteed money , so this may help Lynch 's state of mind if the Hawks start spelling them during games ( In other words , he 's not going to feel like the team is trying to screw them out of money if they do n't get 25 carries a game ) .
So , how will carries be divvied up ? Darrell Bevell did say , explicitly , that the Hawks would be a running-back-by-committee , and while they backtracked on that when Lynch started holding out , I would n't doubt it 's still their plan .
Seahawk running backs ran the ball about 400 times last year , and Lynch averaged about 18 carries per game last year ( high of 28 , low of 8 ) . Russell Wilson added about 100 more rushes - both designed runs and scrambles .
My guess -- and it 's just a guess -- is that Wilson 's carries will decrease in an effort to protect him , so we may see Seattle 's stable of backs carry the ball about 425-450 times or so . You have to factor in Percy Harvin as well on the fly-sweep style of things , but as a liberal guess , this comes out , on the high end , to about 28 carries a game for the running backs . How do the Seahawks divide these ?
Here 's an early guess at how things could get split up :
Marshawn Lynch : 14 carries
Christine Michael : 10 carries
Robert Turbin : 4 carries
This would break out , on the season , to :
Marshawn Lynch : 224 carries
Christine Michael : 160 carries
Robert Turbin : 64 carries
So , what do you think ? How far off base am I ? Does Robert Turbin really get carries before Christine Michael ? Do the Seahawks really start taking Marshawn off the field throughout the season ? Give me your take .
Editor 's Note : SB Nation 's partner FanDuel is hosting a $ 100,000 Fantasy Football Contest for Week 1 's NFL games . It 's only $ 10 to join and first prize is $ 10,000 . Starts Sunday , September 7th at 1pm ET . Here 's the link .
Note : State laws prohibit residents of Washington from playing FanDuel for money . For more info check FanDuel rules here .
The first practical application of high-speed photography was Eadweard Muybridge 's 1878 investigation into whether horses ' feet were actually all off the ground at once during a gallop .
Bell Telephone Laboratories was one of the first customers for a camera developed by Eastman Kodak in the early 1930s . Bell used the system , which ran 16 mm film at 1000 frame/s and had a 100-foot ( 30 m ) load capacity , to study relay bounce . When Kodak declined to develop a higher-speed version , Bell Labs developed it themselves , calling it the Fastax .
The Fastax was capable of 5,000 frame/s . Bell eventually sold the camera design to Western Electric , who in turn sold it to the Wollensak Optical Company . Wollensak further improved the design to achieve 10,000 frame/s . Redlake Laboratories introduced another 16 mm rotating prism camera , the Hycam , in the early 1960s . Photo-Sonics developed several models of rotating prism camera capable of running 35 mm and 70 mm film in the 1960s . Visible Solutions introduced the Photec IV 16 mm camera in the 1980s .
The D. B. Milliken company developed an intermittent , pin-registered , 16 mm camera for speeds of 400 frame/s in 1957 . Mitchell , Redlake Laboratories , and Photo-Sonics eventually followed in the 1960s with a variety of 16 , 35 , and 70 mm intermittent cameras .
Text quoted from wikipedia .
Many of the photo above were made possible with the Make Magazine High Speed Flash Kit
By Rabbi Yair Hoffman for the Five Towns Jewish Times
Today is Pesach Sheni . And although many people make sure to eat Shmurah Matzah today , unfortunately , few people understand its internal message .
It is a message brought out by the Gerrer Rebbe – the author of the Chidushei HaRim . Rav Yitzchok Meir Alter ( 1799-1866 ) was the very first Gerrer Rebbe . They write that this particular day , Pesach Sheni , is a tikun for those who are perceived as beyond the pale – “ B'derech Rechokah ” – in their words . They are outside the scope of assistance . To them , to those who could not develop the closeness and Dveikus to Hashem that was emblematic of Pesach is this second chance .
The Psukim in Bahaaloscha tell us : There were men who were impure of the dead , therefore could not make the Pesach Korban on that day . They approached Moshe and Aharon on that day . Those men said to him , “ We are impure [ because of contact ] with a dead person ; [ but ] why should we be excluded so as not to bring the offering of Hashemin its appointed time , with all the children of Israel ? Moshe said to them , “ Imdu – Wait , and I will hear what Hashem instructs concerning you . ”
The Chidushei HaRim writes that Imdu does not mean wait – but rather it means imdu in Teshuvah and Tefillah . It is not too late , just stand and pursue these two Avodahs and Hashem will help you along the way .
The Chidushei HaRim writes that this is the day for the off-the-derech kids that are now in every single one of our communities .
Each community among us , whether it be chassidisha , litvisha , or modern orthodox , has children that have left the fold .
Look around . They are hanging out on the street corners , at the late night Dunkin ' Donuts – hechsher and sans hechsher , and worse . Much worse .
Those that the Chiddushei HaRim refers to have issues of self-esteem , serious alcohol consumption , and many are abusing drugs . Many OTD kids have tattoos and multiple piercings .
They are everywhere – on Ocean Parkway in Brooklyn , in Lakewood , New Jersey . They are leaving Williamsburg in droves . And their parents toss and turn at night worrying about them .
It is to the point where , to echo a Pesach theme – “ ain bayis asher ain bo mais – There is not a home that has not been affected . ”
This Chiddushei HaRim is telling us that we need visionary leaders who can revolutionize what is not working with our systems . We need leaders who can fix things so that the off- the-derech children do not find solace in areas foreign to Torah . We need leaders to keep our youth enthused in their Yiddishkeit .
We must conceive of not merely a stop-gap measure , but something more . We must research what the largest risk factors are . We must develop and innovate programs , plans and ideas that will reduce these risk factors . We need to put our collective minds and our financial pocket books together . Torah society needs a comprehensive solution to address this ever widening problem .
Indeed , the Sefer Chasidim ( 308 ) explains that even if there is significant financial strain we need to create separate institutions for our different types of children .
True , there are the Rabbi Tzvi Glucks , the Avi Fishoffs of Twisted Parenting , the Rabbi Dov Silvers of Madraigos , the Rabbi Zechariah Wallersteins , the Rabbi Yaakov Horowitzs , the TOVA mentoring programs . But we need to support them and replicate what they do on a massive , massive scale .
We need an FDR social security program , a Marshall Plan . A GI bill .
We need someone to step to the plate , someone that can make a profound change that will effect and save generations . And we need to put our moneys where our mouths are .
We sweep all of this under the carpet and do not talk about it , but this issue , hands down , eclipses all others .
How can we attend gala Bar mitzvahs and weddings , Yeshiva dinners and functions while knowing that there are children out there that we have failed ? We as a community must regroup and come up with a viable , palatable solution .
How can we not cry for thousands of holy mothers in Klal Yisroel whose every thought and prayer centers around their lost son or daughter ?
And time is ticking . Let 's not kid ourselves . One or two years in the off-the derech lifestyle almost guarantees a point of no return . Those that do make the trip back are few and far between .
Our Rabbonim , our leaders , and our wealthy askanim need to hear from us . They need to hear of the heartaches that we suffer . Our voices need to be heard so that this issue will be given the prominence that it demands .
We can all do something . We can create happier homes and happier classrooms . We need to reach out to the people we see and smile at them . Of course , there are a myriad of reasons as to why these things can happen , and
we can not chalilah ever be judgmental .
We need to be that resource , that Rock-of-Gibraltar that genuinely cares about the neighbor 's child who has that missing or divorced parent .
We need to put our collective heads together to create tools , resources , and institutions that will address the issue of our ever growing lost brethren . This all needs leadership , direction , and vision .
These forgotten souls must be placed once again on our agenda . That is the theme of Pesach Sheni , according to the Gerrer Rebbe . Let 's listen to its message .
The author can be reached at yairhoffman2 @ gmail.com
The author 's books can be purchased by clicking here .
It 's not every day that you turn over a rock and find $ 400 Billion dollars . Nor is it every day that you 're able to invest in tools that power the glue of society on a global scale . At the Govtech Fund we 've been fortunate to be able to do both .
VCs historically ran for the hills whenever they heard the word “ government ” and for good reason : software sales cycles were measured in years , governments often required a ton of product customization and a byzantine structure of prime and sub-contractors made it impossible to actually deploy solutions even after a deal was won .
However , in the past couple of years , a number of trends including government adoption of the cloud , budget constraints , a massive government personnel retirement cycle and an open data movement have coalesced to create an openness on the part of government agencies to embrace new technologies and a dramatically shortened sales cycle – our portfolio companies ' average is just 86 days .
The average sales cycle of our govtech startups is 86 days .
VCs have taken notice : since we launched our fund 12 months ago top-tier VCs , angels and strategics have invested $ 45M alongside our $ 6M in the Seed , Series A and follow-on rounds of our seven portfolio companies . A number of our startups already have term sheets in hand that indicate 2016 will see that follow-on investment figure more than double to $ 100M .
Governments are massive enterprises .
Let 's just start with the U.S. government . First , there are 22 Million people employed at the federal , state and local levels . To put that in context , that 's roughly 15 % of the entire U.S. labor force . Another way to think about it : the companies that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average ( eg . Microsoft , Exxon , Home Depot , McDonald 's , etc ) employ 6 million people . That means the U.S. government employs roughly four times the number of people as all of the companies in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , combined .
The U.S. government is the single largest enterprise in America .
Governments spend a lot on technology every year .
So the U.S. government is big . Now add in the governments of every other country around the world and you 'll get the sense of how big a market opportunity govtech is . In fact , Gartner reports governments spend $ 400+ Billion dollars a year on govtech .
Govtech is the “ operating system ” of government – the infrastructure and tools government agencies use everyday to do their jobs
So what tools and infrastructure are government agencies around the world spending $ 400 Billion a year on ?
permitting
planning & code enforcement
procurement
law enforcement
GIS mapping
tax collection
fraud detection
budgeting
pension management
bond issuance
asset management
operational reporting
transit planning
…and on and on .
Government employees are just as frustrated by waste as you are .
One of the best parts of my job is that I get to talk to government employees every day . I have yet to meet anyone working in government that wants to waste taxpayer dollars . Rather , the folks I 've met are dedicated to finding ways to improve their respective communities but often have antiquated tools to work with . They 're embarrassed to read headlines that all to often highlight the inevitable failure of large , over-budget , delayed , waterfall custom IT projects .
New tools for government employees are coming to market .
The good news is that , unlike legacy government vendors , our portfolio of startups offers government customers :
Software As A Service delivered seamlessly in the cloud
cost literally 10-100x less than existing solutions
beautifully designed with the end user as the starting point
single–point solution ie . not a platform trying to do everything for different departments
B2G focus : government agencies are the direct users and/or customers
multi-­agency focus at all levels of government ( eg . city , state , federal )
not regulatory “ wedge ” plays , no lobbying to secure a sale
And our software startups are being built by some amazing entrepreneurs :
most of our founders are millennials working on their first startups
our founders are graduates from Princeton , Harvard , Stanford and many other top-tier computer science programs in the US
engineering centric startup cultures
two of our seven startups have women co-founders
building industry cloud leaders
Results from our portfolio – our first year :
Our portfolio has had tremendous velocity this past year :
our startups collectively engage with 12,000+ government agencies
one of our startups signed 139 agencies ie . one every three days
one of our startups has grown topline revenue 16 % per month for 35 months
one of our startups signed its second agency in just 2 weeks ! ( $ 293K )
In the past 12 months , we 've invested $ 6M in seven startups and had $ 45M of follow-on/co-investments by leading VCs . Heading into 2016 , a number of our startups already have term sheets in hand that suggest that follow-on figure will more than double to $ 100M .
Civictech – the other critical technology for our society .
While we exclusively invest in govtech here at the Govtech Fund , there is another equally important movement that is redefining 21st century societies : civictech . Citizen engagement in their own governance is critical to the health of any society and civic technologies will be transformative . As the “ operating system of citizens ” , civictech covers a broad range of citizen engagement and personal democracy related activities including community organizing , petitions , advocacy , connecting with elected officials , politics and campaigns , the citizen journalist and much more .
Civictech is the “ operating system ” of the citizen – the tools citizens use everyday to engage in their governance .
I am concerned about the sustainability of civictech startups where the business models and paying customers are often less clear than for govtech startups . The most expensive form of investment dollars – the kind that VCs deploy – has difficulty justifying investments in spaces when addressable paying markets are not well defined . So I applaud non-profit transformers such the Omidyar Network , the Knight Foundation and others for having stepped in to fill the funding void but civictech startups need greater support from citizens themselves if we are going to ensure their long term sustainability . I donate a significant percentage of my income to non-profits focusing on civictech and I regularly encourage my Silicon Valley peers to do the same .
Govtech : a multi-decade , $ 400B global investment opportunity .
These are nascent days for the govtech movement . Regardless of your political leanings and whether you advocate for more or for less government , the fact is that governments play a central role in organizing and delivering services that citizens can not do on their own . In the modern era of smartphones , self-driving cars and microsatellites , it 's inconceivable that governments will be able to execute policy without providing their employees the most modern tools available to do their jobs .
Multiple market , technology and demographic drivers have coalesced such that we are at the beginning of a multi-decade , multi-billion dollar technology replacement cycle in governments around the world . Startups that solve critical pain points for government employees will be the beneficiaries and govtech will prove to be one of the biggest market opportunities hiding in plain sight .
Singer Fiona Apple addressed their recent drug arrest in a rambling speech during a show in Houston , Texas on Friday .
The Criminal hitmaker was arrested on Wednesday on a drug possession charge and was subsequently released on $ 10,000 US bail after spending the night in Hudspeth County Jail .
They postponed a gig on Thursday at the Moody Theater in Austin , but took to the stage on Friday at Houston 's Bayou Music Center , where they stunned fans by taking time out from performing to blast several staff at the jail where they were incarcerated .
They told the audience , `` There are four of you out there , and I want you to know that I heard everything you did , I wrote it all down with your names and everything you did and said , stupidly thinking that I could n't hear or see you . I then ripped the paper up , but not before I encoded it . ''
Apple added they were sorry to `` the guy who runs the jail , '' who they branded `` a real decent guy , '' for `` being attitude-y and saying that I did n't trust him . Because I did n't then but by the end of the day I did . ''
GREEN VALLEY - Don Herk sees no problem with an interstate sign about 200 meters outside their Arizona Family Restaurant telling motorists that Continental Road is 2 kilometers south .
`` The kilometers make it a little unique to this part of the country , '' they said as cars whizzed by on Interstate 19 . `` It 's something that 's become part of my life . ''
Carolyn Rose , a retiree who lunched at Herk 's restaurant on a recent weekday , said visitors from their native Wisconsin find the interstate 's metric signs fascinating .
`` We like the uniqueness of it , '' they said .
Decades after efforts stalled to convert the U.S. to centimeters , liters and celsius , signs lining the interstate 's 100-odd kilometers are reminders of those days . Built in the 1970s between Tucson and the border , I-19 was the Federal Highway Administration 's testing ground for kilometer markings and remains the nation 's only highway marked completely in metric .
Not everyone views the metric signs fondly , however . The Arizona Department of Transportation has proposed using $ 1.5 million in stimulus funds to replace the aging signs and , in the process , phase out kilometers .
But a backlash from residents and businesses along the interstate , especially those in Green Valley , has officials pumping the brakes . In June 2009 , Gov . Jan Brewer put the project on hold while ADOT surveyed public opinion on the change , and a decision is expected later this month .
Herk said they and most of their customers consider the metric signs part of the area 's culture .
`` I think most everybody has gotten used to it , '' they said . `` I 've been driving up and down this highway for 33 years , and we 've got it figured out . ''
In addition , their business advertises that it 's off Exit 65 , as in 65 kilometers . Changing to miles would cost them some money because the interstate 's exit numbers would change , Herk said .
Jim DiGiacomo , executive director of the Green Valley Chamber of Commerce , said it 's a tall order these days to force businesses to spend money changing advertising , letterhead and brochures . He 'd rather see the state use the money elsewhere .
`` They should leave the signs alone until the economy picks up again , '' DiGiacomo said .
Based on complaints from businesses and residents in this unincorporated area , the Green Valley Community Coordinating Council raised concerns with the Pima County Board of Supervisors , which appealed to the governor .
`` These are downtimes right now economically , '' said Stan Riddle , the coordinating council 's president . `` Merchants are having enough trouble just trying to make ends meet . ''
Linda Ritter , an ADOT spokesperson , said the signs have to be replaced because they do n't meet federal standards for reflectivity . If the project is n't done now with stimulus money , they said , Arizona will have to do it in the next few years with money from the state budget .
`` We need to get the wheels moving on this project , '' they said , adding that if the I-19 signs are n't going in by March the stimulus money will be used for a different project .
The agency recently completed the assessment of opinions and will announce its recommendation soon , Ritter said . The I-19 project would have to be pushed back if the decision is to keep kilometers because ADOT would have to design new signs , they said .
ADOT has proposed that if the signs do change to miles , a small kilometer marking would remain in the corner for two years so that businesses and residents can have time to adjust .
Sahuarita Mayor Lynne Skelton said changing the signs to miles would be a symbol of progress , bringing the area in line with the rest of the country .
`` We did n't develop the town around kilometers , '' they said .
Skelton said switching to miles would n't as big a shock as some residents and businesses contend , noting that speed limit signs are in miles per hour and that I-19 already has mile markers that face the road rather than oncoming drivers .
`` I 've never heard anyone say they come down I-19 just to see the kilometers , '' they said . `` First time drivers say , Wow , this is different ' then go about their business . ''
But Jim Green , owner of the Inn at San Ignacio in Green Valley , said the kilometer signs make tourists want to know more about the area 's history and other attributes .
`` There 's something about it that makes us unique , '' they said .
Bruce Pheneter , an architect and member of the Tubac Historical Society , said the signs have become part of the area 's character .
`` I think the metric system along I-19 is kind of a community identification , '' they said . `` It 's worked its way into the culture and people have been able to assimilate it . ''
I do n't want to downplay how difficult it is for many people to leave the LDS Church . But I think it 's important to always see the silver lining in life , and in the case of the church , I believe that the cloud is almost entirely platinum once you 're able to step back and evaluate it without bias . So here 's a list of every positive of leaving the church I can think of , however small . If they do n't all apply to you ( you may still choose to live certain standards , and that 's awesome ) , that 's ok . This is a buffet , people !
Anything to add ? Let us know in the comments and we 'll include it in our list !
California 's Medi-Cal expansion failed over the last three years to deliver on its promise to cut costs , due to a 44 percent increase in the number of visits to high-cost hospital emergency rooms .
President Barack Obama promised in a nationally televised healthcare speech in 2009 to a joint session of Congress :
One of the areas where we can potentially see some saving is — a lot of those patients are being seen in the emergency room anyway , and if we are increasing prevention , if we are increasing wellness programs , we 're reducing the amount of emergency room care , then that frees up doctors and resources to provide the kind of primary care that will keep people healthier , but also allow them to see more patients and hopefully give more time to patients , as well .
Breitbart News reported that California had been the primary beneficiary of the Obamacare ‘ Medicaid expansion ' funding by capturing 24.3 percent , or 3.5 million individuals , of the 14.4 million new Medicaid enrollees nationwide . By the end of 2016 , California 's Medi-Cal enrollment was about 13.5 million individuals , or 34.5 percent of the state 's 39.1 million residents .
Just 18 days before President Trump would take office on January 20 , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) claimed that Obamacare had achieved its mission to “ increase access , to improve quality and to lower cost. ” Ms. Pelosi two days later trumpeted the virtue of Obamacare cost containment , but they warned that the Republican effort to “ repeal and delay ” Obamacare 's growth was an “ act of cowardice ” that would drive up costs .
However , the latest report from the California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development reveals that rather than containing costs by enrollees seeking primary care services at low-cost doctor 's offices , Medi-Cal enrollees visits to high-cost hospital emergency rooms have skyrocketed by 44 percent over the three years since the beginning of Obamacare 's Medi-Cal expansion .
The biggest failure of Obamacare to move more Medi-Cal patients into primary care office visits is the ridiculously low primary reimbursement rate for a primary care doctor office visit . Foolishly predicting that Medi-Cal expansion would result in a huge volume increase , California cut primary care doctor office visit reimbursements by 10 percent , according to Modern Healthcare .
According to Medi-Cal 's website , reimbursement for a primary care doctor office visit averages $ 37.50 , but it can be as low as $ 18.10 . As a result , the percentage of California primary care physicians participating in Medi-Cal plunged from 69 percent in 2013 to 63 percent in 2015 , while specialty care physicians ' participation in Medi-Cal likewise dropped from 70 percent to 64 percent .
Many of the same doctors that stopped treating Medi-Cal enrollees in their own primary care offices have signed up with hospital emergency rooms to provide the same Medi-Cal primary care services to the same enrollees . But the huge difference is that hospital emergency room reimbursement under Medi-Cal primary care is $ 53.40 for a primary care visit , or about 43.44 percent more than a doctor is paid in their private practice office .
All the states would receive a per capita amount of Medicaid funding under the Republican Senate 's proposed restructuring of Obamacare . If the bill passes , California would lose $ 30.3 billion of its $ 82.0 billion in Medicaid funding to the other states .
A group of Bernie Sanders supporters is accusing the Nevada State Democratic Party of blocking them from running for party office , according to a lawsuit .
Eight Democrats filed a lawsuit against party officials for allegedly violating state law and internal rules . Party Chair Roberta Lange and executive director Zach Zaragoza are among the defendants named in the suit , The Las Vegas Sun reported Friday .
According to the plaintiffs , Lange and Zaragoza denied their applications to run for the party 's executive board because they missed an April 25 filing deadline .
The plaintiffs say a document labeled `` Final Election Rules '' stated the deadline as April 29 . The executive board , central committee and representatives for national committeewoman and national committeeman will all be elected at the state convention May 14 .
The Nevada Democratic Party has countered that the deadline was later changed to April 25 in the final draft of election rules . According to officials , the deadline was also posted on its website beginning April 17 and shared in an email to delegates and alternates to the state convention .
The plaintiffs are requesting the court allow applicants who filed by April 29 to run . In addition , they want the party to pay for attorney fees and damages .
Robert Kern , an attorney and one of the plaintiffs , said they believe the state party is worried pro-Sanders people will rule the board . But so far , there was `` no proof of any ill intentions , '' they said .
Party officials called the plaintiffs `` disgruntled activists '' who were misinforming their supporters .
`` It is an unnecessary distraction from our shared goals as Democrats , as well as a disservice to Sanders ' campaign , which has energized young voters and focused on the issues , '' the party said in a statement .
People pushing for Sanders and Hillary Clinton make up the candidates running for the executive board , officials added .
The lawsuit has no bearing on how many delegates Sanders and Clinton get in Nevada . But Kern said resolving the matter is still important .
`` I think the ultimate thing is that regardless of if you like Hillary or you like Bernie or want to be progressive or centrist , this type of action is something that will kill the future of the party , '' Kern said .
This page describes how to build and use XULRunner with the Python extension on Windows and while generally useful it is written based on experiences with accessibility projects . See also XULRunner . Or , if you are interested in working with XULRunner with Python on Linux , see Mark Lise 's Post
With the Python extensions enabled XULRunner provides python script access to the DOM and XPCOM in addition to the usual JavaScript . This gives access to Python features and modules and builds on Mark Hammond 's pyXPCOM work from Active State . XPCOM components can also be created in Python .
Currently ( Mar 07 ) Python is not enabled by default so a custom build of Mozilla is needed . This page provides instructions in the hope of eliminating much trial and error . You should also read the the developer documentation on source code and building as wells as PyXPCOM
XULRunner with Python promises to be a good platform for accessibility projects and both Jambu Alternative Input and the IAccessible2 test tool are using it . Of particular interested is access to MSAA and IAccessible2 via the Python comtypes package .
Development Machine Setup
First a word of warning that ZoneAlarm has exhibited memory leaks that cause build machines to crash with rather spurious errors . You may want to uninstall it if you suspect this to be a problem . You will also want to disable any virus scanner resident monitoring as that will slow builds .
Ensure the PC is running XP with all the latest Service Packs and patches applied .
Microsoft C++ compiler is required and whilst the current free version is Visual Studio 8 Express ( MSVC8 ) you will almost certainly want to use Visual Studio .NET 2003 ( MSVC71 ) which is not longer officially available . The issue is that XULRunner must be built with the same version of C as Python and with Python 2.5 that is MSVC71 . Both must use the same version of the C runtime library MSVCRT ? .DLL or crashes will ensue . The alternative is to build Python with MSVC8 as well asMozilla , but that may be problematic . It might also be possible to use the Open Source MinGW compiler with the correct MSVC run time but that is apparently not recommended . Apply any Service Packs and for MSVC71 SP 1 is available . The matching platform SDK is also needed and for MSVC71 that is .NET Framework SDK 1.1 .
The latest Mozilla Build system is easy to use . Install the included Python distro usingpython25\python-2.5.msi . It does n't need to be installed for the build but will be useful later when installing Python packages which look for entries in the Windows ' registry .
Building
The batch filestart-msvc71.bat is used to launch the build console ( MSys from the MinGw project ) . If you plan to checkout often into empty folders you could modify it to set the CVSROOT environment variable .
set CVSROOT= : pserver : anonymous @ cvs-mirror.mozilla.org : /cvsroot
Having created amozilla project directory ( e.g.C : \projects\mozilla or/c/projects/mozilla in msys ) create the following .mozconfig file . Note this is complete and does not require the checkout of any other project specific .mozconfig files as sometimes shown . It effectively specifies a release build that is not particularly suitable for debugging XULRunner itself . It uses the trunk ( or latest ) code in CVS so may be unstable .
mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR= @ TOPSRCDIR @ / .. /obj-xulrunner mk_add_options MOZ_CO_PROJECT=xulrunner ac_add_options -- enable-application=xulrunner ac_add_options -- enable-extensions=python , default ac_add_options -- disable-javaxpcom ac_add_options -- disable-activex ac_add_options -- disable-activex-scripting ac_add_options -- disable-tests ac_add_options -- enable-optimize
To check out all the required source code and build it the first time with no local client.mk file , execute
cd /c/projects cvs -d : pserver : anonymous @ cvs-mirror.mozilla.org : /cvsroot co mozilla/client.mk cd mozilla make -f client.mk
For subsequent updates from CVS followed by a build , use
cd /c/projects/mozilla make -f client.mk
which will also check out client.mk itself
For build only , without checkouts , use
make -f client.mk build
and see client.mk for other options .
The built XULRunner can then be found asc : \projects\obj-xulrunner\dist\bin\xulrunner.exe .
Using Python in XUL applications
Add the following to yourprefs.js during development
pref ( `` browser.dom.window.dump.enabled '' , true ) ; pref ( `` javascript.options.showInConsole '' , true ) ; pref ( `` javascript.options.strict '' , true ) ; pref ( `` nglayout.debug.disable_xul_cache '' , true ) ; pref ( `` nglayout.debug.disable_xul_fastload '' , true ) ;
HTML < script > tags specify that Python is used withtype= '' application/x-python '' attribute . DOM scripting is pretty much as with JavaScript . For example
def onLoad ( ) : btnTest = document.getElementById ( `` btnTest '' ) btnTest.addEventListener ( 'command ' , onTest , False ) def onTest ( ) : window.alert ( 'Button activated ' ) window.addEventListener ( 'load ' , onLoad , False )
One possible gotcha is that the default python path used to find modules that areimported explicitly includes the xulrunner executable directory and the directory that is current when XULRunner launches . However it does not include any path related to the XUL application being run . Some work around will need to be found .
Unhandled exceptions are displayed in the JavaScript Error Console which can be opened usingxulrunner -jsconsole . One solution is to puttry .... except : print_exc ( ) round any event handler to print tracebacks to stdout and use a python console to catch that output . The JSconsole can also be open and used from code , for example ( in Javascript )
function openJavaScriptConsole ( ) { var wwatch = Components.classes [ `` @ mozilla.org/embedcomp/window-watcher ; 1 '' ] .getService ( Components.interfaces.nsIWindowWatcher ) ; wwatch.openWindow ( null , `` chrome : //global/content/console.xul '' , `` _blank '' , `` chrome , dialog=no , all '' , null ) ; } // dump to the js console ( xulrunner -jsconsole ) function jsdump ( str ) { Components.classes [ ' @ mozilla.org/consoleservice ; 1 ' ] .getService ( Components.interfaces.nsIConsoleService ) .logStringMessage ( str ) ; } function jserror ( str ) { Components.utils.reportError ( str ) ; }
A final tip is to use task manager to check for a zombie xulrunner process after a crash . A zombie will keep old code open and cause confusion when you make changes and run xulrunner again .
Deploying
Python must be installed on the target machine . Perhaps eventually a XULRunner with a minimal Python installation can be generated with something like py2exe or pyInstaller . Untill then simply deploy thedist\bin folder and the XUL application . Do n't copy any.pyo files that exist for python modules in the application or errors will occur on the target machine .
It is possible to test for python in a batch file using something like
rem Check Python 2.5 installed reg query `` HKLM\SOFTWARE\Python\PythonCore\2.5 '' > nul 2 > & 1 || reg query `` HKCU\SOFTWARE\Python\PythonCore\2.5 '' > nul 2 > & 1 if errorlevel 1 ( echo Python 2.5 was not found . Please install it . echo Exiting ... pause exit /b 1 ) start `` XULRunner with Python '' `` % moz_bin % \xulrunner.exe '' -app application.ini % opts % exit /b 0
See XULRunner : Deploying_XULRunner_1.8 for general information .
Sample
A sample XULRunner application with these Python features is available . This includes the pyXPCOM tests and a basic Python console from Alex Badea
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
THE fight to keep the UK together received a much-needed boost tonight after a dramatic new poll showed support for independence has stalled .
An exclusive survey for the Daily Record gives the No side a six point lead - the same margin as two months ago .
But the Survation survey of 1000 Scots showed 47.6 % plan to vote No a week tomorrow with 42.4 % voting Yes . The poll was carried out between Friday evening and Tuesday morning .
When the 10 % of people still to make up their mind are removed , that would give a referendum result of 53 % No to 47 % Yes .
The news will come as a major relief for Better Together boss Alistair Darling , who has been accused of presiding over a “ disintegrating ” campaign after a bombshell poll on Saturday night put the Nationalists ahead .
While it means the referendum result is still on a knife edge , it may signal the Nationalist momentum built on the back of other narrow polls may have peaked too early .
With the race tightening with just seven days to go , observers had widely expected the poll to show a lead for the Yes campaign as Survation has consistently put Yes support higher than other pollsters .
Daily Record exclusive poll results
It showed that men are almost exactly evenly split on independence , with 46.4 % planning to vote Yes and 46.8 % voting No . But a wider gap between women gave the Unionists their lead .
Survation found 48.5 % of women are now planning to vote No compared to 38.6 % who will back Yes .
The poll also showed considerable geographical variation in how Scots plan to vote .
The West of Scotland shows most support for Yes ( 51.3 % Yes versus 39.4 % No ) , whilst the No side are strongest in South Scotland ( No 55.1 % v Yes 38 % ) .
Better Together Campaign Director Blair McDougall said : `` This fight for Scotland 's future will go right down to the wire , but it 's one we will win .
`` Alex Salmond wants us to take so many huge risks - over our pound , pensions and NHS . The last few days have shown that these risks are real . Separation would cost jobs and push up costs for families in Scotland . This is too important for a protest vote . There would be no going back .
`` We do n't need to take on all these risks . There is a better way for Scotland . We can have more powers for Scotland over tax and welfare , and keep the strength , security and stability of being part of the larger UK . For the sake of future generations we should say No Thanks to separation next week . ''
NEW DELHI : Income taxpayer base moved up substantially to 6.26 crore at the end of the last fiscal , from nearly 4 crore earlier , CBDT Chairman Sushil Chandra said today.Clearing the air on disclosure of bank account details of non-resident Indians ( NRIs ) , expats , as well as foreigners with investments in private equity in India , Chandra also said that such accounts need to be disclosed only when a refund is due to the assessee.The chairperson of the Central Board of Direct Taxes ( CBDT ) said that post demonetisation the department has taken a host of measures to increase tax base and the statement of financial transaction ( SFT ) report filed by banks shows widening of taxpayer base . `` As on date , we have got 6.26 crore assessees . It is a myth that we have 3-4 crore ... ( These ) assessees who have filed returns , paid advance tax or tax has been deducted at source . This is a large jump from earlier years , '' they said speaking at the Income Tax Day celebrations here.The challenge before the taxmen now remains how to widen the tax net and officials are working towards it , they said.Chandra said that with the enactment of the amended Benami law , the tax officials have found out clusters and persons who have invested money in real estate without filing tax returns.The department has also taken enforcement action and under the law , 233 properties has been attached.With regard to reports on NRIs having to disclose overseas bank account details in tax returns , Chandra said `` providing bank account detail is optional and only has to be provided for claiming refunds '' .The tax department , they said , will now start working on expanding the process of e-assessment , they said , adding so far limited scrutiny cases are done using technology in 7 cities . `` We are working on the strategy that within two months we will spread limited scrutiny to 100 cities . Limited scrutiny cases which are selected should be done through systems , '' they said.If a case is selected under 'limited scrutiny ' , it means a limit has been set on the enquiries which will only pertain to mismatch or inaccurate reporting . When a tax income- expenditure profile does not match , the department 's automated system throws up a case for limited scrutiny.Chandra said the next step would be to undertake complete scrutiny on systems so that assessees do n't have to visit tax office . `` That will be big challenge and we are working on that , '' they said.Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia said that with the linking of PAN with Aadhaar the entire era of bogus bank account and holding multiple PAN will go away.He said of the last 25 years , in 11 years the Income Tax department has achieved a growth rate of 20 per cent and even a growth rate of 30 per cent in the year after demonetisation is considered modest.The government hopes to mop up Rs 9.8 lakh crore from direct taxes in the current fiscal .
Microsoft is considering adding Python as one of the official Excel scripting languages , according to a topic on Excel 's feedback hub opened last month .
Since it was opened , the topic has become the most voted feature request , double the votes of the second-ranked proposition .
`` Let us do script with Python ! Yay ! Not only as an alternative to VBA , but also as an alternative to field functions ( =SUM ( A1 : A2 ) ) , '' the feature request reads , as opened by one of Microsoft 's users .
Microsoft exploring the idea
The OS maker responded yesterday by putting up a survey to gather more information and how users would like to use Python inside Excel .
If approved , Excel users would be able to use Python scripts to interact with Excel documents , their data , and some of Excel 's core functions , similar to how Excel currently supports VBA scripts .
Python is one of the most versatile programming languages available today . It is also insanely popular with developers . It ranks second on the PYPL programming languages ranking , third in the RedMonk Programming Language Rankings , and fourth in the TIOBE index .
Users call for a universal implementation across Office apps
Users who reacted to the news posted positive opinions of having Python as an official Excel scripting language , but some also pointed out that if Microsoft goes this route , then they need to support Python in all other Office apps as well .
`` Much as I would love for the power of Python in Excel it is important that whatever is done is consistent across the office experience . Some of us old enough to remember the multiple versions of VB-whatever across Excel , Word , Access and that in itself was a blow to productivity , '' a user posted in a Hacker News discussion .
`` Yes they should choose Python , and in the process decide if it will be Python with a .Net library ( standard and core as separate libs please ! ) or IronPython . This in itself is an important first choice . Then it has to be done in a mechanism that enables the exact same libs and user-written Python code to work in the same way across all the Office products , '' the user added .
Microsoft did not respond to a request for comment and additional information from Bleeping Computer in time for this article 's publication , mainly due to timezone differences . An update will be added if Microsoft is willing to share any information with the public on this topic .
The Supreme Court of India has set aside a 2009 Delhi High Court ruling that legalized homosexuality , passing the issue back to lawmakers to deal with in a major setback for LGBTI rights in India
India 's Supreme Court has found the country 's colonial era Section 377 anti-sodomy law legal – potentially seeing a return to the criminalization of India 's LGBTI community .
The Supreme Court justices said that Indian society was not yet ready for the law to be repealed and handed the issue back to lawmakers to deal with .
‘ It is for the legislature to look into desirability of deleting section 377 , ' Supreme Court justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya ruled .
`` It is for legislature to look into desirability of deleting section 377 of IPC , '' the Supreme Court said . Read more at : http : //www.firstpost.com/india/sc-sets-aside-delhi-hcs-vedict-decriminalising-section-377-1280861.html ? utm_source=ref_article
It is for legislature to look into desirability of deleting section 377 of IPC , '' the Supreme Court said . Read more at : http : //www.firstpost.com/india/sc-sets-aside-delhi-hcs-vedict-decriminalising-section-377-1280861.html ? utm_source=ref_article
The Indian Government had spoken in support of the law being struck down but it remains to be seen whether lawmakers will now act to amend the law themselves – particularly with Indians to vote in general elections in five months .
The verdict dismayed activists and journalists who were following the Supreme Court 's decision on Twitter , with Shivam Vij of the Express Tribune tweeting , ‘ Two judges of the Indian Supreme Court have just decided that 1.2 billion people can have sex only in the missionary position . '
Executive editor of Mid Day newspaper Sachin Kalbag tweeted their disappointment as well .
‘ Supreme Court confirms India 's position as world 's most backward thinking nation . Well done ! ' Kalbag wrote .
India 's Gaylaxy Magazine called the ruling a ‘ black day for [ the ] LGBT community of India . '
‘ It is official now , religious nutheads rule this country ! The fight for LGBT rights has just been pushed back by 15-20 years ! '
Firstpost.com senior editor Lakshmi Chaudhry tweeted , ‘ Supreme Court of India , still partying like its 1899 . An unconscionable act of judicial cowardice . '
Gaysi Family tweeted , ‘ Surely our justice system has today made all the dead Britishers who enforced this suppression upon us , very proud ! ' in response to the ruling on the colonial era law .
There were calls for public protests within minutes of the court 's decision being made public .
GSN understands there will be a gathering to protest the ruling at 4.30pm today in New Delhi in a park near Palika Bazaar .
GSN understands that protests are being organized in other cities across India as well including one outside the Chennai Press Club at 4pm .
The Naz Foundation who brought the original challenge to Section 377 were not yet available to comment but LGBTI rights coalition the Chennai Rainbow Coalition called the ruling a tragedy .
‘ We are deeply disappointed at the decision of the Supreme Court in Suresh Kumar Kaushal v. Naz Foundation , ' a spokesperson for the groups said .
‘ The decision … attempts to stem the tide of history .
‘ The Supreme Court has , in one fell stroke again reduced LGBT persons to the status of what the Delhi High Court memorably called ‘ unapprehended felons ' . The judgment of the Supreme Court is an unconscionable blow to the dignity of LGBT persons who as per the Indian Constitution are entitled to equal treatment .
‘ It is a tragedy that this judgment forgets the vision of the founders of the Indian republic which was so eloquently captured by the Delhi High Court . By re­criminalizing LGBT persons the judgment ignores the spirit of inclusiveness which is the heart of the Indian Constitution as articulated by Jawaharlal Nehru .
‘ The judgment is thus a deep betrayal of the fundamental constitutional promise that the dignity of all citizens would be recognized and that equal treatment is a non negotiable element of the world 's largest democracy . In this betrayal of constitutional faith , the Court has shredded the very principles it has sworn itself to uphold .
‘ We proclaim that inspite of the judgment of the Supreme Court , the only way the LGBT movement will go is forward and the arc of history though long will turn towards justice . We pledge to continue this struggle with re doubled vigor till such time that Section 377 is consigned to where it belongs­ the dustbins of history . '
Secretary of the Indian Ministry of Health 's AIDS Control Department , Lov Verma , had said just prior to the ruling that they hoped today would be a day of triumph for the sexual minority community but that was not to be .
Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code was enacted in 1860 by the British colonial regime to criminalize ‘ unnatural offenses . '
‘ Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man , woman or animal , shall be punished with imprisonment for life , or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years , and shall also be liable to fine , ' Section 377 reads .
‘ Penetration is sufficient to constitute the carnal intercourse necessary to the offence described in this section . '
Section 377 was struck down in 2009 by the Delhi High Court as a result of a challenge by Delhi based HIV awareness and prevention group The Naz Foundation .
‘ We declare that Section 377 IPC , insofar as it criminalizes consensual sexual acts of adults in private , is violative of Articles 21 , 14 and 15 of the Constitution , ' Chief Justice Shah and Justice Muralidhar ruled in 2009 .
In the four years since the ruling India 's LGBTI community has become increasingly visible , holding pride marches in many major cities and opening gay businesses , and gay characters and themes have been increasingly popular topics for filmmakers .
However the decision by the Delhi court was challenged by religious groups in 2012 after India 's Attorney General refused to challenge the ruling after initially opposing it .
The Israeli parliament has greenlighted the legalization of nearly 4,000 settler homes in Area C of the West Bank as it passed a controversial retroactive bill . Prior to its approval , the bill was likened to annexation and blasted by Israel 's attorney general .
The highly controversial legislation , which challenges both international and Israeli law , was backed by 60 Knesset deputies and opposed by 52 on Monday . The so-called Regulation Bill has sparked heated debate with voting having been postponed several times . The bill has drawn widespread condemnation from the opposition , the UN and also the state prosecutor 's office .
Attorney-General Avichai Mandelblit has repeatedly voiced their concerns over the bill 's compliance with international norms , saying it is in violation of Israel 's constitution and international law , while refusing to defend the bill before Israel 's High Court of Justice ( HCJ ) . They also warned that Israel might face legal action from the International Court of Justice once the bill is enacted .
The law covers Israeli settlements and outposts built on private Palestinian land in the Area C of the West Bank . Outposts , the settler homes not approved by the government , are deemed illegal under Israeli law . Pursuant to the new law , the settlers will be allowed to remain on the Palestinian private land if they had no previous knowledge that it had been owned by Palestine or were instructed by the government to build homes there . The law also envisages compensation for Palestinian owners , who will be paid a market share for their land but will not be able to sell it .
‘ Barbaric , limitless , unrestrained theft of land '
Read more
The Knesset opposition leader , Isaac Herzog , of the center-left Zionist Union , labeled the new legislation a “ de-facto annexation , ” as cited by the Jerusalem Post .
“ Never in the history of Israel has the Knesset passed a bill against state laws and against the senior legal advisers of the government , ” Herzog said ahead of the vote , calling the bill a “ catastrophe ” and an “ acute danger to the State of Israel , ” which might land it in the Hague international tribunal .
READ MORE : Netanyahu invited to meet May at Downing St amid tensions over Israel 's illegal settlements
Herzog urged Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman , a long-time ally of PM Benyamin Netanyahu , to withdraw support from the “ illegitimate law , ” from which “ we will suffer from for many generations to come , ” they said , as cited by Arutz Sheva .
Activist and author Miko Peled told RT 's Alexander Rubinstein that the bill puts a final nail into the idea that a two-state solution is possible .
Read more
“ The two-state solution has been dead for decades . This just puts it in legal form . It 's a formality because Israel has already been taking land from the Palestinians for Jews only . Now it 's on the books and it 's formal , but the reality is the same , ” said Peled , adding that “ there 's no question ” the international court will open legal proceedings against Israel after what they described as the “ barbaric , limitless and unrestrained theft of land . ”
READ MORE : Israeli settlements not ‘ impediment ' for peace , just ‘ not helpful ' – White House
It is not yet clear if the law will come into force , as it can be thwarted by judicial authorities . Lieberman themselves believes there that the “ chance that it will be struck down by the Supreme Court is 100 percent , ” as cited by I24news .
The UN Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process , Nickolay Mladenov , stated the law is set to deal another blow to the peaceful resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , saying that its adoption will entail “ far reaching legal consequences for Israel and greatly diminish the prospects for Arab-Israeli peace . ”
The bill was hailed as a major victory by the right-wing nationalist parties . Naftali Bennet , Israel 's education minister and the leader of the Jewish Home party , which has been championing the legislation , called its approval a “ revolution ” in a Twitter post .
“ Our determination paid off , ” Bennet said , while commending Netanyahu for their support of the bill .
There has been widespread speculation about the actual stance of the Israeli PM toward the bill . Although Netanyahu publicly voiced their support for the legislation , there have been reports they initially opposed it , fearing international repercussions , but in the end caved in to pressure from their coalition partners , Jewish Home .
Protests against @ netanyahu 's UK visit are set to take place in London today . https : //t.co/d43pIc3mHc — RT UK ( @ RTUKnews ) February 6 , 2017
Netanyahu , who has been the subject of an ongoing criminal probe into abuse of power and corruption , was not present at the vote , as they were still on the way back from their state trip to the UK . Dismissing rumors that they intended to postpone a vote until a meeting with US President Donald Trump , scheduled on February 15 , had taken place , Netanyahu argued that they had only wanted to “ update ” the US on the move .
“ I never said I want to put it off , ” they told journalists in the UK on Monday , as cited by the Times of Israel .
“ I act according to national interests . In my view , you do n't surprise friends . Friends do n't surprise each other . Friends update each other . That 's what I did , ” they said .
READ MORE : Netanyahu likely to be investigated for bribery , fraud following ‘ secret probe ' discovery – report
The Israeli ruling coalition , including Netanyahu 's Likud and Jewish Home , reinforced its push for the bill , first proposed in November , following recent evacuation and demolition of Amona 's settlement , an Israeli outpost in the West Bank which triggered mass protests . The outpost was erected in 1995 and was ruled illegal by the Israeli Supreme Court in 2006 .
Last week , Israel approved the construction of over 3,000 settler homes in the West Bank in addition to some 2,500 housing units announced the week before .
Lieberman claimed the decision was aimed at “ resumption of normal life in Judea and Samaria , and in order to provide a real answer to living and housing needs in the region . ”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Hulk Hogan has sent the internet into overdrive , after a photo of them holding a sign saying `` Pete Price is a Lizard '' went viral .
The wrestling star was pictured holding the sign with a fan , and it 's safe to say Pete was pretty shocked .
Earlier today the Radio star begged their Twitter followers to stop tweeting pictures of the infamous “ Pete Price is a lizard ” sign .
The catchphrase reached its peak when a flag was held up by a member of the crowd at a packed out ECHO arena wrestling show a number of years ago , displaying the message “ Pete Price is a lizard . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A tweet with the photograph was retweeted thousands of times , and a Pete Price lizard hashtag even started to trend on Twitter .
But now a new picture of Hulk Hogan has fuelled the rumours even more and despite Pete 's protestations that they hate the phrase , he 's retweeted it many times to their followers .
Although they take it in good humour , Pete admits that sometimes people take it too far by posing as fans and then shouting the insult at them once they 've had a photo taken and walked away .
They said : “ I 've had a lot worse than ‘ lizard ' said about me , and I do find it quite amusing because it 's just so strange . It 's so random .
“ What I do n't like is when people are two faced - they come up to me and ask for a selfie and then I can count to 10 and I hear ‘ PETE YOU 'RE A LIZARD ! ' - it 's just two faced and it 's cowardly .
“ As I 'm out and about in town I can spot the people that are going to call me a lizard , I 'm walking through town and I count them in my head . I can spot them a mile off . ”
Select Page 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Setup 3 - Deus Ex : Human Revolution 4 - F.E.A.R . 3 5 - DiRT 3 6 - Dragon Age II 7 - Battlefield : Bad Company 2 8 - Overclocking 9 - Power - Temp - Fan Noise 10 - Conclusion
Date : Monday , September 19 , 2011 Author : Grady McKinney Editor : Brent Justice
GIGABYTE HD6770 Silent Cell CFX Video Card Review Today we 'll find out if two of GIGABYTE 's HD6770 Silent Cell cards can match the performance of a Radeon HD 6950 . We were impressed with how this no-fan silent configuration CrossFireX setup performed . However , is it worth $ 280 against the falling prices of the Radeon HD 6950 ?
Introduction
Gigabyte is a hardware manufacturer and one of the most respected PC component builders in the business today . The company was established in 1986 in Taipei , Taiwan , and is best known for its motherboards . Gigabyte has a vast product line , including motherboards , graphics cards , notebooks , LCDs , mobile devices , tablet computers , computer cases , and many other PC peripherals .
On our test bench today are two of GIGABYTE 's HD6770 Silent Cell cards sporting GIGABYTE 's Silent Cell cooling system that includes no fans , just one huge heat sink . It is currently the only silent solution for an HD 6770 on the market . We want to know if two off these in a CrossFireX setup can be a silent solution to a Radeon HD 6950 . We will also see how they do against a Radeon HD 6950 and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 570 which are both in the comparable price range . This is the most powerful silent CrossFireX solution possible .
AMD Radeon HD 6770
The AMD Radeon HD 6770 is based on the same hardware as the ATI Radeon HD 5700 series . The only real difference between the HD 6700 and HD 5700 series is the sticker on the cards and a few BIOS changes that were made after AMD integrated the ATI brand name .
The Radeon HD 6770 is comprised of 1.04 billion transistors , providing 800 streaming processors , 40 texture units , 16 color rasterizers , and 64 Z/Stencil ROPs . It boasts 1.36 TFLOPS of computer power on the GPU , texture fill rate of 34.0 Gigatexels per second , and a pixel fill rate of 13.6 Gigatexels per second . The HD 6770 has 1024MB of GDDR5 memory clocked at 1200MHz ( or 4.8GHz DDR ) on a 128-bit bus . Its memory bus boasts a maximum theoretical throughput of 76.8 Gbps . There are three output ports , including one DVI port , one DisplayPort , and one HDMI port .
GIGABYTE HD6770 Silent Cell
The GIGABYTE HD6770 Silent Cell card features many of GIGABYTE 's trademark features . These include their Ultra Durable VGA components . On board you will find Japanese Solid Capacitors , Tier 1 Samsung/Hynix memory , and Ferrite Core chokes . GIGABYTE claims these will increase overclocking ability by 10 % -30 % . The Ultra Durable VGA components also reduce power switching loss by 10 % -30 % , and reduce GPU core temperatures by 5 % -10 % . GIGABYTE Also built the card from the ground up on their custom 2oz Copper PCB . Double the copper than runs through a normal graphics PCB , which helps spread heat evenly across the card . You can read more about GIGABYTE 's Ultra Durable VGA components here .
The most interesting , and unique part of this particular HD 6770 , is the Silent Cell cooling system from GIGABYTE . When we first took this card out of the box we were surprised with how light the card was with such a huge heat sink . The reason being , the heat sink is made Ultra-thin layered Aluminum fins with an extremely large surface area . This particular card has four high performance heat pipes that spread to four areas on the heat sink . Directly contacting the GPU is a copper base , that also has four thermal heat pads that sit on top of the memory . The full idea behind the Silent Cell cooling system involves case fans which help move heat out of the case . You can read more about Silent Cell cooling here .
One GIGABYTE HD6770 Silent Cell card is currently going on Newegg for $ 138.99 , putting the cost of two of these at $ 278 . Newegg has 2-day free shipping available . This video card has a 3 year limited parts and labor warranty and a copy of DiRT 3 .
The front of the box has a cutout window with a clear piece of plastic over it so you can see the card inside . There is a second , thicker clear piece of plastic inside the box that helps keep the card safe from damage . The front also talks about the Ultra Durable VGA components , and mentions the 3 year warranty . The back of the box gets more detailed talking about each individual Ultra Durable VGA component . It also talks about the Silent Cell cooling , with a picture of the case and airflow intended for this card .
The card did not come wrapped in an antistatic bag like we have grown accustomed to . One of the cards also came loose of its packaging during shipping . There was no damage done to it , because the foam packaging inside would not let it move too much , but it would bounce around some if you shook it . The accessory bundle with one 6-pin PCI-E to dual-Molex connector and a CrossFireX bridge . The soft bundle came with a multi language user manual/installation guide , and a driver installation disk .
As you can see , most of the card is covered in an enormous heat sink . As we mentioned above the heat sink is compromised of several Aluminum fins with a large surface area for heat to spread to . We took the heat sink off by removing the four mounting screws on the back of the card . There are four thermal heat pads that sit on top of the memory . The thermal paste in the middle of the copper base sits on the GPU .
The only annoying thing that we dealt with on this card was plugging in and removing the 6-pin PCI-E power connector . It is in an extremely difficult spot to get to and the sharp aluminum blades made it a bit painful to get in and out . Dimensions of the card are 10.75 inches in Length , 6.25 in Height , and 1.5 inches in Width .
The Competition
Right now Newegg has the GIGABYTE HD6770 Silent Cell available for $ 138.99 . The total cost of two of these would be $ 278 . We want to find out how it will compete against a Radeon HD 6950 , which can be had for as low as $ 244.99 after MIR , while most HD 6950 's range between $ 240 and $ 280 . Also in this price range is NVIDIA 's GeForce GTX 570 which can be had for as low as $ 289.99 after MIR , while most of the GTX 570 market ranges between $ 330 and $ 370 .
It is worth noting here that the Radeon HD 6950 has 2048MB ( 2GB ) of memory on-board , while the GeForce GTX 570 has 1280MB ( 1.25GB ) . Each of the GIGABYTE HD6770 Silent Cell video cards have 1024MB ( 1GB ) . Remember that in a CrossFireX configuration , the video memory of each card contains copied data . This means the 2GB present in our GIGABYTE HD6770 Silent Cell CFX can only be effectively utilized as 1GB .
Vietnamese independence hero Vo Nguyen Giap , who orchestrated the French defeat at Dien Bien Phu , has died at the age of 102 , government and military sources said Friday .
ADVERTISING Read more
Vo Nguyen Giap , the brilliant and ruthless self-taught general who drove the French out of Vietnam to free it from colonial rule and later forced the Americans to abandon their grueling effort to save the country from communism , has died . At age 102 , they were the last of Vietnam 's old-guard revolutionaries .
Giap died Friday evening in a military hospital in the capital of Hanoi where they had spent close to four years growing weaker and suffering from long illnesses , a government official and a source close to Giap said . Both spoke on condition of anonymity because their death had not been formally announced .
Giap was a national hero whose legacy was second only to that of their mentor , founding President Ho Chi Minh , who led the country to independence .
The so-called “ red Napoleon ” stood out as the leader of a ragtag army of guerrillas who wore sandals made of car tires and lugged their artillery piece by piece over mountains to encircle and crush the French army at Dien Bien Phu in 1954 . The unlikely victory , which is still studied at military schools , led not only to Vietnam 's independence but hastened the collapse of colonialism across Indochina and beyond .
Giap went on to defeat the U.S.-backed South Vietnam government in April 1975 , reuniting a country that had been split into communist and noncommunist states . They regularly accepted heavy combat losses to achieve their goals .
“ No other wars for national liberation were as fierce or caused as many losses as this war , ” Giap told The Associated Press in 2005 in one of their last known interviews with foreign media on the eve of the 30th anniversary of the fall of Saigon , the former South Vietnamese capital .
“ But we still fought because for Vietnam , nothing is more precious than independence and freedom , ” they said , repeating a famous quote by Ho Chi Minh .
( AP )
NEW YORK -- Roger Federer could n't figure out why they felt so sluggish at the start of this season . Their doctors eventually gave them an explanation : The world 's No . 1 tennis player had mononucleosis .
`` Roger found out they had mono , and did n't know it . They found out a couple of weeks ago . That 's probably what was wrong with him , '' Federer 's agent , Tony Godsick , said Friday . `` He does n't want to make any excuses and take anything away from anybody . In hindsight , had [ his doctors ] known they had mono , they would n't have let them play . ''
`` He does n't want to make any excuses and take anything away from anybody , '' Roger Federer 's agent , Tony Godsick , said Friday . AP Photo/Mark Baker
Federer lost to eventual champion Novak Djokovic in the Australian Open semifinals in January , then did n't play again until this week , when they were upset by Andy Murray in the first round of the Dubai Tennis Championships . Federer had not lost in the first round of a tournament since 2004 .
They were diagnosed with mononucleosis last month after seeing doctors in Switzerland and Dubai , Godsick said . Mononucleosis is an infection caused by a virus . Symptoms include fever , sore throat , headaches and feeling tired .
`` This gave them a reason for why they are n't able to move and why they are n't able to recover , '' Godsick said . `` It was annoying for them to not have reasons for why their body was n't responding . ''
Federer was cleared to start practicing five days before the start of the Dubai tournament .
Godsick said Federer is `` over it now , '' and will play Monday night against Pete Sampras in their exhibition match at Madison Square Garden .
`` It 's good to get an extra match under their belt , '' Godsick said . `` He 's looking forward to the Garden , 19,000 people , playing their idol . He 's been somewhat down because they did n't know what was wrong with him . ''
Federer owns 12 Grand Slam singles titles , two away from Sampras ' career record .
`` I was feeling so great in December up until the moment I got sick , so this has been my problem the last couple weeks : really getting back on track , '' Federer told The New York Times for a story posted on its Web site Friday . `` I have n't practiced and could n't really work out the way I wanted to , because you have to be very careful with mono . ''
More people are having facelifts and breast implants in crisis-wracked Greece than in any other country in the world
In 2011 , 142,394 cosmetic procedures were performed in the country
One in 79 Greeks had procedures such as liposuction and Botox injections
Surgeons are charging an average of 40 percent less for their procedures
They are a bit down in the mouth about their desperate economy , which may be why people in Greece are having more facelifts than in any other country in Europe .
In 2011 , 142,394 cosmetic procedures were performed in the country of 11million people – meaning one in 79 Greeks has had procedures such as liposuction , eyelid corrections and Botox injections .
Worldwide , the Greeks ranked second only to the South Koreans in terms of the number of procedures performed . In the economic giant of Germany , only one in 200 had work done in 2011 .
Plastic surgeon Athanasios Athanasiou , 42 , said : ‘ I believe that when people are not doing well , it is especially important to hear others say : “ Wow , you look great ” .
‘ I always saw the economic crisis as an opportunity . '
Rise : In 2011 , 142,394 cosmetic procedures were performed in the country of 11 million people
One reason why so many are opting for the beauty treatments is a fall in costs .
Surgeons are charging an average of 40 percent less for their procedures while the cost of an operating theatre has fallen from £1,800 to £600 .
Botox : Jennifer Aniston is half Greek and the actor has admitted using Botox in the past
Dr Athanasiou said 80 percent of their patients are Greeks .
'People are working , ' they added . 'Maybe they 're earning less money , but they are working . We adjust ourselves to the market . '
Greece has cut costs drastically in other areas of medicine .
In 2009 , the Greek government spent £12 billion on its health care system , while in 2012 government health care spending declined to only £8 billion .
Many hospitals have reduced their emergency room hours to only four days a week , resulting in longer waits for patients .
Owing to wage payment cuts to doctors , many now expect patients to pay their bills in cash . Likewise , experts estimate that about 35 percent of Greeks have no health insurance .
The grotesqueness of beauty treatments in a land where essential drugs are running short and hospital staff scavenge in waste bins for food scraps grates on many people .
Dr. Giorgos Vichas , a cardiologist who devotes much of their time to a clinic where the poor come when they have been turned away by the state , said : ' I know cancer patients who were refused treatment because they were unable to pay for medication , and of pregnant women who do n't know how they 'll pay the costs of delivery .
Contradiction : A woman walks past a shut down store in Athens . They might be down in the mouth about their desperate economy , but more people are having facelifts in Greece than in any other country in Europe
'We Greeks were not always saints before the crisis . To a certain extent , many of us played a role in what has happened here . Those who can afford these cosmetic procedures now are among those who exploited the old system in the first place . '
Psychiatrist Matthew Josafat , 76 , said they do n't find the boom in cosmetic surgery surprising and that people do feel better after a facelift .
'In England , the men on my couch usually talked about their jobs , ' they said , but in Greece 'the patients on my couch are more likely to talk about romance , love and Eros .
'In antiquity , women were second-class citizens . Their appearance was their currency , ' says Josafat .
'The notion of the emancipated companions that women have become in the modern age has n't taken hold in Greece as quickly as it has in northern Europe.I fear the crisis and the lack of jobs could force women back into their old role : being attractive and getting married . ”
Worldwide , the Greeks ranked second only to the South Koreans in terms of the number of procedures performed .
However , the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery ( ISAPS ) estimates that with the declining costs of procedures , the Greeks will overtake the rest of the world when 2012 figures are published later this year .
Italy is presently third and the U.S. second . Britain is not in the top ten .
There are two tweets in the air that should be looked at and thought about together . Here is one from the President-elect :
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 22 , 2016
And then here is one that many urbanists are discussing :
Twitter/Video screen capture Twitter/Video screen capture
It is important to remember why cities were building highways like this through the fifties and sixties ; why the federal government was promoting low density suburban development and why companies were moving their corporate head offices to campuses in the country : Civil defence . One of the best defences against nuclear bombs is sprawl ; the devastation of a bomb can only cover so much area . Shawn Lawrence Otto wrote in Fool Me Twice :
In 1945 , the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists began advocating for `` dispersal , '' or `` defense through decentralization '' as the only realistic defense against nuclear weapons , and the federal government realized this was an important strategic move . Most city planners agreed , and America adopted a completely new way of life , one that was different from anything that had come before , by directing all new construction `` away from congested central areas to their outer fringes and suburbs in low-density continuous development , '' and `` the prevention of the metropolitan core 's further spread by directing new construction into small , widely spaced satellite towns . ''
But the strategy had to change after the development of the more powerful hydrogen bomb , and with it the realization that having people living in the suburbs but working downtown was a problem . “ President Dwight D. Eisenhower instead promoted a program of rapid evacuation to rural regions . As a civil defense official who served from 1953 to 1957 explained , the focus changed `` from 'Duck and Cover ' to 'Run Like Hell . ' ”
To service that sprawl and to move people quickly in time of war , you need highways ; that is why the bill that created the American interstate highway system was actually called The National Interstate and Defense Highways Act of 1956- they are exactly that , defense highways , designed to get people outta town in a hurry .
It 's clear that the suburban way of life did n't develop because suddenly people could afford cars ; it happened because the government wanted it . In The Reduction of Urban Vulnerability : Revisiting 1950s American Suburbanization as Civil Defence , Kathleen Tobin quotes political scientist Barry Checkoway :
It is wrong to believe that postwar American suburbanization prevailed because the public chose it and will continue to prevail until the public changes its preferences . ... Suburbanization prevailed because of the decisions of large operators and powerful economic institutions supported by federal government programmes , and ordinary consumers had little real choice in the basic pattern that resulted .
© Eero Saarinen , IBM Manufacturing and Training Facility ( 1958 ) © Eero Saarinen , IBM Manufacturing and Training Facility ( 1958 )
After getting the people out , the next step was to actually move the industries and offices out of the dense urban cores , where so many corporations could be taken out with a single bomb , and establish them in suburban corporate campuses where just about every one of them would be a separate target . There was actually a National Industrial Dispersion Policy , designed to decentralize industry and commerce . Tobin lists 5 measures that would reduce urban vulnerability , written in 1952 , measures that effectively killed cities :
Further development of industry ( including normal peacetime as well as defense activities ) should be slowed down in central city areas of the highest population density and industrial areas of target attractiveness . A beginning should be made in reducing population and building densities in residential areas of the greatest vulnerability by adoption of program of urban redevelopment and slum clearance . New buildings constructed in or near target areas should be built according to standards that make them resistant to A- bomb blast and fire and which provide for adequate shelter areas . No urban areas should be developed so intensively as to create new ( or extensions of existing ) population or industrial prime target areas . New defense industrial plants should be located at a reasonably safe distance from existing target areas .
To the guys with bombs , those things that we love about our cities , that we urbanists fight so hard to protect , they are not desirable , they are problematic . Benjamin W. Cidlaw , Commander in Chief of the Continental Air Defense Command , told a conference of Mayors in 1954 :
Your city means everything to you , everything to the people who live in it , and everything to me . To our possible enemies , however , who sit down at their planning tables to compute a schedule of take-off times for their existing bombing fleets , the hundred biggest cities represented here by you do not mean historic streets and beautiful parks , school systems in which you have pride , or the churches which are your fountains of faith . They may mean to them only those aerial forces and weapons required to produce the 100 pinpointed minutes of atomic hell on earth necessary for their destruction .
Shawn Lawrence Otto concludes their chapter :
These accommodations for defense brought about an immense change in the fabric of America , altering everything from transportation to land development to race relations to modern energy use and the extraordinary public sums that are spent on building and maintaining roads— creating challenges and burdens that are with us today , all because of science and the bomb .
Let it be an arms race … we will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all . -Donald Trump
It is important to remember why sprawl was promoted in the first place : as a defence against nuclear attack . It 's why corporations and industries moved out of cities . The purpose of the highway system was not to meet demand , it was specifically designed to induce demand , to get people into cars and out into low density suburbs . It was a strategy designed to help outlast them all .
Arms races , and civil defense plans in a nuclear age are not good for cities , because the same nuclear math applies now as it did in the fifties and sixties : low density means improves survivability . Big highways mean quicker escapes .
So it is likely that any new arms race will hinder the current revitalization of our cities , the return of corporations to downtowns , the reinvestment in transit and anything that encourages densification . Because the people who like bombs generally do n't like cities .
Like many other 13-year-old boys , Ohio boy Dugan Smith loves baseball . They even played pitcher and first base for their middle school baseball team last year . But unlike most other boys , they played with a backward-facing leg .
Smith was diagnosed with bone cancer called osteosarcoma when they 10 , after going into the doctor because of a broken femur . Doctors found a tumor the size of a softball in their thigh bone that was spreading into their leg , and realized that Smith -- an athletic , active kid -- would have to have their leg amputated , MSNBC reported .
`` I did n't know if I was ever going to be able to run again . I did n't know if it was going to work so there were a hundred things running through my mind and I just try to stay positive , '' Smith told Fox8 News .
But a procedure called `` rotationplasty '' -- where Smith 's real calf is now their thigh and their real ankle is now their knee -- would give Smith a chance to run and play sports again . Only about a dozen of those surgical procedures are done in the U.S. each year , and allows the person to use just 30 percent more energy to walk or run than with a normal leg , compared with 75 percent more energy if the person got an amputation above the knee , ABC News reported .
The family opted to do it .
Dr. Joel Mayerson , Smith 's surgeon and chief of musculoskeletal oncology at Arthur James Cancer Hospital at Ohio State University , told MSNBC how the procedure works :
In Dugan 's case , doctors removed the tumor by cutting above and below their knee . They then flipped around the lower portion of their leg and reattached it to the upper part . `` This allows us to cut all of the cancer out , and leave the nerve that controls their foot intact , by turning it around backward , '' explains Mayerson .
A University of Kansas professor has vowed to wear a bulletproof vest for the entirety of the school year in protest of the state 's campus-carry law .
Professor Kevin Willmott , the second professor to attract attention for the practice , told The University Daily Kansan that the new campus-carry law , which went into effect July 1 , will “ obstruct the free flow of ideas on college campuses . ”
`` Try to forget that I 'm wearing a vest , and I 'll try to forget that you could be packing a .44 magnum . ''
[ RELATED : Prof wears body armor to class to protest campus carry ]
“ Try to forget that I 'm wearing a vest , and I 'll try to forget that you could be packing a .44 magnum , ” Willmott remarked , saying the “ disturbing part of the policy ” for them is that the law allows “ concealed ” firearms .
“ It 's kind of a do n't ask , do n't tell kind of a policy , and so , you 're just kind of expected to forget that they 're probably there . And in that sense , you 're kind of living in a lie , ” they said .
Willmot even suggested that the new policy will turn the school into a “ war zone , ” a characterization they plan to highlight by wearing a bulletproof vest .
“ They do n't want it to be visible , because if it was visible , if everybody was walking around with a bulletproof vest on , people would say , ‘ Oh my God , is this a warzone ? What 's going on here ? ' And yes , it is a war zone , ” they explained , saying the policy “ just puts a damper on free speech for everyone . ”
[ RELATED : UCF Prof : ‘ Right-wing does n't want people to be educated ' ]
However , The university already has a “ red ” free speech rating from the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education ( FIRE ) , meaning that it has one or more policies that directly restrict free speech .
Conservative student Garrett Miller told Campus Reform that Willmott 's claims are “ borderline ludicrous , ” pointing to the fact that the campus already has restrictive free-speech policies .
Miller went on to poke fun at Willmott 's use of a .44 magnum in their hypothetical , noting that they “ should have done research on what handguns are generally used for concealed carry ” because “ any gun expert will tell you that a .44 is not recommended for conceal carry due to the fact that a .44 is too bulky due to the size of the barrel and grip . ”
[ RELATED : UT instructors meet students in bar to avoid campus carry ]
Meanwhile , Dylan Jones , chairperson of the school 's College Republicans chapter , would like to know why Willmott “ believes that a responsible and lawful gun holder is more likely to use their weapon to commit an act of violence as opposed to a criminal . ”
Many students and faculty at the university have protested the new law , Willmott noted in their interview with the paper , urging the Board of Regents to keep the school gun-free .
“ Students are scared , professors are scared , ” Willmott concluded . “ I think even the administration is frustrated and feeling a little helpless right now . ”
Follow the author of this article on Twitter : @ VSnitsarUSA
Every share makes Black Voice louder ! Share To
A new dashcam video released shows how Officers , Michelle Morsi-Murphy and Jose Lopez , brutalized Rev . Catherine Brown in May 2013 .
The video gives a detail on what exactly happened the night Brown was beaten and pepper-sprayed by cops as they and their children drove down an alleyway towards their home .
Rev . Brown and the police officers got stocked on a blind curve and they were asked to move back their car . While Brown reached for their driver 's license , the officers jumped out of the police cruiser , approached their yelling curse words and pointed a gun at their head .
They forced their door open and she , being terrified , drove backwards and called 911 for help . After a while , Brown then came to a complete stop . There they were dragged out of their car , pepper-sprayed , thrown to the ground and tortured while their children were screaming in the car .
“ They beat me down to my underwear , pulled my skirt off me . They beat me with the sticks and hit me with their boots in my head , ” they said .
The officers were not disciplined , but Brown was convicted of a misdemeanor charge of reckless conduct for reverse driving . According to the Citizens Police Data Project , “ Morsi-Murphy has racked up 19 complaints , while Lopez has 21 on record ” . Yet , they go scot-free all the time .
Share this article and help to fight against police brutality in our communities .
Violent Antifa Thugs Throw Bricks , Bottles and M-80s at Trump Supporters at Berkeley ( VIDEO )
ANTIFA are corroborating their opposition 's claims that they are a domestic terrorist organization .
They have started fires . They have attacked peaceful patriots . They are throwing bricks , bottles , and M-80 's along with other fireworks and are demonstrating their anti-American anarchist views .
Journalist Tim Pool was able to capture footage of the M80s :
ANTIFA THROWS M80s INTO THE CROWDS IN BERKELEY ( via @ Timcast ) : pic.twitter.com/1PuVEFH62u — * Carter ( @ espiziocruz ) April 15 , 2017
The following are tweets and videos commenting on the violence in Berkeley :
VIDEO : # Trump backers getting pepper sprayed and M80 's thrown at them in # Berkeley . Antifa has also now arrived . pic.twitter.com/yiUbjSfAxw — Cal Cowboy ( @ RightWingLawman ) April 15 , 2017
@ berkeleyside Anarchist were throwing M80 explosives at the Trump crowd . Hitting elderly people and bystanders . — JC ( @ JCBerkeleyCA ) April 15 , 2017
Antifa have thrown SIX m80 's into a crowd of peaceful Trump supporters . Happening livehttps : //t.co/vKqfFHyBz4 — Skinny🇺🇸 ( @ skinnypresident ) April 15 , 2017
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia is “ extremely concerned ” by U.S. President Donald Trump 's comments questioning the Iran nuclear deal and suspects that Washington itself may have violated a landmark arms control treaty , Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov arrives at the 72nd United Nations General Assembly at U.N. Headquarters in New York , U.S. , September 19 , 2017 . REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
Lavrov 's comments , made to Russian reporters at the United Nations in New York and published by their ministry on Wednesday , illustrate how deeply Moscow and Washington are at odds over an array of issues and suggest any attempts to improve already battered relations face an uphill struggle .
Addressing the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday , Trump said Iran 's 2015 pact with six world powers to curb its nuclear program in return for loosening economic sanctions was “ an embarrassment to the United States ” . Washington could not abide by an agreement “ if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program , ” Trump said .
Lavrov , whose country is a signatory to the deal , said Russia strongly disagreed with that stance .
“ It 's extremely worrying , ” they said . “ We will defend this document , this consensus , which was met with relief by the entire international community and genuinely strengthened both regional and international security . ”
Trump 's threat in the same U.N. appearance to “ totally destroy ” North Korea if it had to defend itself or it allies also went down badly with Russia , which shares a border with North Korea and believes negotiations and diplomacy are the only way to resolve a crisis over Pyongyang 's missile program .
“ If you simply condemn and threaten , then we 're going to antagonize countries over whom we want to exert influence , ” said Lavrov , referring to Trump 's comments .
They saved some of their harshest criticism however for what they said was a possible violation by the United States of a landmark 1987 arms control treaty which bans Russian and American intermediate-range missiles on land .
A senior Trump administration official accused Russia earlier this year of violating the same pact — the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces ( INF ) treaty — something Moscow denied .
But Lavrov said it looked like it was Washington , which is in the midst of a $ 1 trillion , 30-year modernization of its aging ballistic missile submarines , bombers and land-based missiles , that was in breach of the same treaty .
“ We have suspicions on at least three fronts that the Americans are creating weapons systems which violate or could violate the treaty obligations , ” said Lavrov , who said Moscow had relayed its concerns to the United States .
Lavrov has met U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson twice in New York this week .
Drew Brees ' offseason training included tackling a crocodile and eating it for dinner , scaling up and rappelling down narrow cave walls and jumping out of a helicopter .
The New Orleans Saints quarterback did all of that on the episode of NBC 's `` Running Wild with Bear Grylls '' that aired Monday night . Brees and the survival expert spent two days in the Panamanian jungle for the show , which puts celebrities ' survival skills to the test .
`` The ironic thing is as a quarterback , they try to keep you out of harm 's way when I 'm on the field as much as possible , '' Brees said during the episode . `` I do n't know how I ended up having to basically wrestle a crocodile . … They might start putting that in contracts if they 're gon na be watching this . ''
The episode began with Brees hitching a helicopter ride from a rooftop , then jumping into a river with Grylls in the jungle . When Grylls asked if he 'd ever been to a jungle , Brees replied , `` I 've been to the Louisiana bayou a bunch of times . ''
`` Well , this is just an accelerated version , '' Grylls said .
During their journey , the pair encountered bats , snakes and crocodiles -- one of which Grylls informed Brees would be their dinner . As Grylls secured its jaw with a noose , they had Brees pounce on it to pin it down , then stab it .
`` I 've done some hunting -- maybe not quite to this extreme . But there 's a first time for everything , '' Brees said . `` Of all the things you thought I might do today or asked me what I would do , the last thing I would have told you was stabbed a crocodile , gut it and then carry it out of the jungle . But that 's what you do with Bear Grylls . ''
Brees are admittedly `` terrified '' before rappelling into the cave . While about halfway down , Brees yelled up to Grylls , `` I 'm doing good , '' then turned to the camera and muttered , `` I 'm not doing good . ''
Grylls found a creative use for a deflated football during that rappel -- slicing into it to let the air out , then placing it under the rope to let it glide more smoothly .
Brees also opened up about their life , their faith and their family several times during the episode . They got choked up while discussing their mother 's suicide and shared stories about being teased about their birthmark as a child and dealing with their career-threatening shoulder injury in 2006 .
What this is :
Using the keymap :
( wiki )
( wiki )
Changes include :
( Changes for this new keymap are listed in green text )
Global :
Three finger swipe up - Switch Player , for use with UPnP targets/casting/beaming . See UPnP ( wiki ) ( iOS only )
, for use with UPnP targets/casting/beaming . See Three finger swipe down - Player Controls , which allow playback control even if you are not in fullscreen . Useful for the above UPnP target playing/casting/beaming , but can also be used for any background playback . ( iOS only )
, which allow playback control even if you are not in fullscreen . Useful for the above UPnP target playing/casting/beaming , but can also be used for any background playback . Tap-and-hold - Context menu or Back
Long press - Context menu or Back
Two fingers swipe left - Back
File manager :
Tap - select
Swipe left or right on an item - Highlight
Full screen video :
Swipe left - skip step ( wiki ) back
back Swipe right - skip step ( wiki ) forward
forward Swipe up - Next chapter or +10m
Swipe down - Previous chapter or -10m
Two fingers swipe left - Small step back ( -7 seconds )
Two fingers swipe up - Skip next , if in a playlist or `` play next automatically '' is enabled
, if in a playlist or `` play next automatically '' is enabled Two fingers swipe down - Skip previous , if in a playlist or `` play next automatically '' is enabled
, if in a playlist or `` play next automatically '' is enabled Long press - Exit fullscreen playback ( playback continues in background )
Two fingers tap - Playlist window
Full screen live TV/radio playback ( PVR ) :
Swipe left - skip step ( wiki ) back ( if supported by backend )
back ( if supported by backend ) Swipe right - skip step ( wiki ) forward ( if supported by backend )
forward ( if supported by backend ) Long press - Exit fullscreen playback ( playback continues in background )
Swipe up - Channel up
Swipe down - Channel down
Two fingers tap - Playlist window
Full screen music playback ( visualization ) :
Swipe left - skip step ( wiki ) back
back Swipe right - skip step ( wiki ) forward
forward Long press - Exit fullscreen playback ( playback continues in background )
Swipe up - Skip next
Swipe down - Skip previous
Two fingers swipe up - Skip next
Two fingers swipe down - Skip previous
Two fingers tap - Playlist window
Slide show :
Pinch-to-zoom - zoom
Pan ( sliding around while a single finger is on screen ) - pan around a zoomed-in picture
Rotate ( two fingers in a rotated gesture ) - rotate picture
Two fingers swipe right - Previous picture
Two fingers swipe left - Next picture
Two fingers tap - Playlist window
Available gestures :
One finger tap
Two finger tap
Single long press
Pinch with two fingers ( zoom )
Twist with two fingers ( rotate )
( three finger swipes are iOS only for the time being )
( one , two , or three ) swipe from right to left
( one , two , or three ) swipe from left to right
( one , two , or three ) swipe from down to up
( one , two , or three ) swipe from up to down
Available windows and actions :
See keymap ( wiki )
This thread is for getting some feedback about a new default touchscreen.xmlthat I would like to propose . The current keymap is very lacking and really has n't been adjusted to work well in all areas of Kodi . Hopefully this will fix that . In addition to what I already have , I 'd like to get feedback on what else people would like to see added by default.You can compare it to the current touchscreen.xml here : https : //github.com/xbmc/xbmc/blob/master ... screen.xml This requires a nightly build of v16 `` Jarvis '' . This should work for both iOS and Android.Just download this link directly from your tablet browser to your keymaps folder , located inside the userdata folder ( click for the location for your OS ) using a file browser outside of Kodi using this link :
Author , writer , blogger , book reviewer , editor – whichever “ hat ” you wear , you 've probably made a stab at creating an online platform and used social media to get the word out about it . But sometimes we forget that social media is designed for just that – being social . If you have n't garnered the success you 'd hoped , it could be the habits you 've adopted . I 've listed 45 ways you can set yourself up to lose on social media – and I 'm sure there are 45 more !
Do n't have a plan , a strategy , goals , an organized method , or a formula to build a successful social media platform . Completely automate your tweets and posts so you 're NEVER online to interact with anyone . Entrench yourself in the position that social media is a useless time suck . Overthink everything you do , which will keep you from ever having to actually begin . Do n't bother to learn the rules and regulations of the sites you 're on . Do n't be in it for the long haul . Be impatient . Give up easily . Once you open accounts , tweet , post inconsistently , and visit little or not at all . Aggravate others on every platform in any and every way you can think of to do that . Use an auto-DM to urge new Twitter followers to buy your book , visit your blog , and like you on Facebook . Do n't open any social media accounts and do n't try to build them . Just do n't . Auto-DM Twitter followers and message Facebook friends with updates about your book/blog/events/successes/book parties/accolades . Directly @ mention other authors with a tweet to buy your book . Do this repeatedly . Post nothing but trivia about your various meals and cute cat pictures and word games like , “ Give me a name that starts with “ O ! I bet you ca n't do it ! ” Message groups of people you do n't know with cryptic come-ons like “ click here to see the message. ” Do n't be helpful . Do n't share useful links , do n't be a resource , do n't answer questions . Talk about yourself constantly . Do n't initiate conversations with others . Gripe about everything , from the weather to your lack of focus and productivity . Gloat about everything , from the weather to your incredible focus and productivity . Tweet and post invitations to “ buy my book ! ” exclusively . Message folks you do n't know on Facebook with an invitation to your events . Invite all your Facebook friends to like a million other pages . Oh , and yours , too , of course . Post comments on other blogs with invitations to buy your books , read your ( unrelated ) blog posts , learn more about you , and follow you on Twitter and Facebook . Comment on tweets and FB posts without clicking the link and reading the article that was shared . Aggressively discuss politics and religion on your social media accounts . Write inflammatory things about your colleagues and peers . Or everybody , for that matter , including the President . Write one book , then push it over , and over , and over , and over , and over ad infinitum . Complain about all your bad reviews and rejections . Stop building your blog and growing your social media accounts in an organized , planned , socially-interactive way . Keep your social media accounts “ private. ” Do not respond when others reach out to you . Be snide , sarcastic , impatient , and unkind . Buy thousands of likes and followers . Follow people on Twitter , wait for them to follow you back , then unfollow them as a strategy to make your numbers look good . Over-post , over-tweet , over-share about your latest _______________ . ( fill in the blank ) Depend on provocative post titles to draw blog traffic from your social media accounts and do n't deliver . Keep everyone constantly updated about your latest Farmville exploits . Share all your friend , family , reviewer , job and literary agent drama . Every single one . Respond to every troll , naysayer , and argumentative idiot you happen to come across . Do n't use social media to … socialize . Use it to market exclusively . Use as many hashtags as you can possibly cram into a tweet or FB share . Send a friend request to someone and once they accept , post your book sales links on their wall and tell them all about yourself . Approach authors you do not know via social media and offer to review their book and once they accept , tell them you 'd appreciate it they also reviewed your book . Copy someone 's entire blog article and re-post it on Google+ because you think they wo n't find out . Approach authors and offer to review their published book . Read it , then tell them you think it 'd be better with just a couple of tweaks . And oh ! You just happen to be an editor ( proofreader , cover designer , etc . ) Do n't have a positive , interactive social media strategy of any kind . How 's that working for you ?
So now that I 've talked about what not to do , how do you know what 's right ? Check out these posts if you want to increase your Twitter engagement or need tips about building your Twitter account , using hashtags , Twitter lists , or reminders about what not to tweet !
Readers , I bet you have something to add ! How have you – or how do see others – sabotage their social media success ? I know I 've been guilty of more than a few . Please leave a comment and share !
Enjoy this article ? Subscribe to my blog and you 'll never miss my weekly posts ! Your email address will NOT be sold , shared , abused , or rented – that 's a promise . If you 're not already , please follow @ mollygreene on Twitter . And last but not least , this original content by Molly Greene is copyright protected . Mwah ! Thank you so much !
We have n't seen much from Hugh Jackman ‘ s final performance as Wolverine , but we 're not that far off from the film 's release date . In seven months , we 'll see what kind of goodbye director James Mangold and Jackman have in store for the character . Jackman may not be the only one departing from the X-Men universe , as Sir Patrick Stewart says Wolverine 3 is possibly their last time playing Charlies Xavier .
Below , learn more about the potential final Patrick Stewart X-Men performance .
Stewart has a significant part to play in the R-rated superhero western . The sequel is inspired by Mark Millar ‘ s “ Old Man Logan ” — a story that , for a variety of reasons , could never be adapted completely faithfully — but Xavier is n't present in that storyline . Jackman , however , wanted to explore the “ signs of that quasi-father/son sort of relationship that has not been seen before , and sides of particularly Professor X that have not been seen before . ”
Although Stewart does n't completely rule out playing Charles Xavier again , in an interview with ITV , the actor says their time as the character is likely almost over :
I ca n't say because I do n't know , but I would imagine this is probably the end of this franchise for me . But the thing about science fiction and fantasy is that you can never , ever say it 's the end , it 's over .
If X-Men : The Last Stand proved anything , it 's that sometimes even death is n't enough to kill off franchise stars . When Xavier 's demise at the hands of Jean Grey was mentioned to Stewart , they responded with a smile :
Yes , I have , I have [ died in the series ] . Jean Grey vaporized me , from which you would think there would be no return . But watch out ! In March , I 'm going to be back on the screen again . A very different Charles Xavier , that 's all I 'm allowed to say . Nothing like the Charles Xavier you 've seen in the past .
If you 've seen any of the set photos from the upcoming Wolverine film , then you 've seen a Charles Xavier that appears as emotionally and physically drained as the aging , grey-haired Wolverine . Perhaps in the finished film , Professor X is n't as banged up as they were in some of those set pics , but tired , aging heroes is a part of the Old Man Logan storyline . That comic revealed new , more vulnerable sides of famous Marvel/X-Men characters , and hopefully Mangold will do the same for Logan and Professor X. Jackman and Stewart have shared some fine scenes in the X-Men franchise , so if both of them are leaving this comic book universe , almost 20 years after it started , at least they 're leaving it together .
Wolverine 3 opens in theaters March 3rd , 2017 .
A group of hackers going under the name Shadow Brokers has claimed it has infiltrated the NSA and obtained a number of its ‘ cyberweapons ' , which are now being put up for auction .
Deep within the digital vaults of the NSA is an entity referred to as the Equation Group , which was responsible for some of the US government 's most damaging cyberattacks against nations and groups , including Stuxnet and Flame .
On 13 August , however , a group of hackers of unknown origin calling itself the Shadow Brokers – named after a group found in the video game Mass Effect – claimed in a now-deleted Tumblr post that it had hacked into the Equation Group .
Coined by Kaspersky Lab in 2015 , the Equation Group described it as the most organised and advanced hacking group it had ever come across .
‘ We find many , many Equation Group cyberweapons '
While the Tumblr page is gone , the group 's message and demands were also posted across the software-sharing site GitHub and Pastebin .
In broken English , the group said of its latest claimed breach : “ We follow Equation Group traffic . We find Equation Group source range . We hack Equation Group . We find many , many Equation Group cyberweapons . You see pictures . We give you some Equation Group files free , you see . This is good proof no ? ”
What followed was a series of screenshots , as well as links to a number of the alleged NSA files , many of which were included among the leaked files obtained by whistleblower Edward Snowden .
These file names included “ BANANAGLEE ” , “ JETPLOW ” and “ EPICBANANA ” , as well as some other scripts and tools that would be used to hack another system .
The Shadow Brokers team is now putting up the entire set of files online for auction with a starting price of 1m bitcoins – which in today 's price comes in at more than €500m .
Despite it being difficult to determine whether these files are 100pc legitimate , a number of security researchers have said that this certainly looks like it could be genuine .
Speaking to Motherboard , a security researcher known as The Grugq said : “ If this is a hoax , the perpetrators put a huge amount of effort in .
“ The proof files look pretty legit , and they are exactly the sorts of exploits you would expect a group that targets communications infrastructure to deploy and use . ”
Kaspersky Lab thinks it 's legit
The original discoverers of the so-called Equation Group , Kaspersky Lab , has also weighed in on the legitimisation debate by saying it could be genuine .
In a blog post , it said : “ While we can not surmise the attacker 's identity or motivation nor where or how this pilfered trove came to be , we can state that several hundred tools from the leak share a strong connection with our previous findings from the Equation Group . ”
Kaspersky Lab went on to analyse the code from the sample files with those it found from the Equation Group in 2015 and has described with a “ high degree of confidence ” as being “ functionally identical ” to each other .
Snowden has also weighed in to offer their thoughts on the hack and – based on the assumption it is true – suggested on Twitter that this was a shot across the bow for the NSA .
At 24 , Freedman set up Australia 's first patient-centred endometriosis conference , beginning a radical process of opening up information to millions of women suffering a debilitating condition
It 's a grey day in May and I 'm sitting in a conference hall at Sydney University , watching a young woman cry as they address a large audience . The woman , Sylvia Freedman , is explaining that it 's the first time specialist doctors , GPs and healthcare professionals have been invited to attend a conference alongside patients and the general public to discuss endometriosis . But it 's taking them a while to say all this because she 's crying . Them mother , Lesley Seebold Freedman , is trying to help them but they too are crying .
And soon enough , so am I .
Endometriosis can do that to you . It can reduce you to tears at the most inconvenient times because the pain and fatigue can be so overwhelming . But that 's not the reason Freedman is crying . She 's crying because , at 24 , this is their proudest moment and the highlight of a pretty extraordinary 2015 .
“ The day of the conference was one of the best days of my whole life , ” they say now . “ It was so emotional – all of us were in tears the whole day .
“ It was a mixture of feeling so sad that everyone had gone through such a shit time – and was still having to go through it – but also so uplifting that we were all in one room learning more about it . ”
Women discuss endometriosis : 'No one believed I could be in such pain from a period ' Read more
Endometriosis is a disease in which tissue similar to the lining of the uterus ( endometrium ) is found outside the uterus , most commonly in the pelvic cavity . It can grow on organs including the ovaries , uterus , bowel and pelvic sidewall , causing inflammation and pain .
The most common symptoms are painful periods , infertility , painful ovulation , pain during or after sex , abnormal bleeding , chronic pelvic pain and fatigue . Despite the fact the disease affects 176 million women worldwide , the only definitive diagnosis is by laparoscopic surgery . It takes an average of eight-and-a-half years for a woman to be properly diagnosed with the condition .
This is frustrating for women who live with the disease , but even more frustrating is the lack of knowledge about it and the lack of information available on its long-term management .
Freedman was diagnosed with endometriosis in 2012 , and had an operation to remove the lesions .
“ My surgery was a success for my doctor – they found endometriosis , got it all out , and I was OK , job done .
“ But for me , it did n't feel like a success because I did n't feel any better and , in fact , I had a few months of feeling good but then I started to feel much worse . ”
There is no cure for endometriosis . Laparoscopic surgery can remove endometriosis tissue but it can grow back . Surgery can also make the pain worse by creating scar tissue .
“ Having no information and no advice on how to cope afterwards and what to expect , it was driving me insane . It gave me such bad anxiety , I felt like people were withholding information from me , ” Freedman says .
Freedman and their mother spent hours searching the internet for more information about the disease . After Sylvia 's second surgery within 18 months , Lesley discovered a drug called Visanne had been successful in treating endometriosis-related pain and inflammation in South America , parts of Europe and Canada . But Bayer , the pharmaceutical company that made the drug , refused to make it available in Australia , saying there was not a big enough market for it .
But a campaign led by the Freedmans on Change.org proved there was huge demand for such a drug and the petition soon garnered 74,500 signatures and almost 20,000 comments . Bayer made the drug available in Australia on 3 March .
“ When we launched the petition on Change.org to get Visanne made available here , that was n't just so I could try the medication . It was for everybody , it was a matter of social justice , really . What 's available to other women overseas , we should have available to us . That 's only fair , ” Sylvia Freedman says .
But reading the 19,500 comments on the petition made them realise they could n't give up there .
Endometriosis took my fertility , and part of my self Read more
“ When we had the petition going , we were reading reading comment after comment of people telling their stories and just begging for information . When it was all over , we did n't want to lose all those people , that 's why we started the Facebook page . ”
The chain of events that followed has altered Freedman 's life : the Facebook page quickly became EndoActive , a not-for-profit patient advocacy group , and the conference idea quickly followed . The conference inspired them to enrol in a master 's of public health so they could take EndoActive to its full potential . And in November , they were named a finalist in Cosmopolitan magazine 's “ fun fearless female ” woman of the year competition .
While they were not the ultimate winner in the “ game changer of the year ” category , there is no doubt that in the past 12 months Freedman has changed the game for many thousands of women living with endometriosis in Australia . And that day in May , they were facing the achievement of a dream born of sheer frustration .
The conference “ was a pretty groundbreaking thing to happen ” Freedman says now . “ Somehow we pulled it off with 13 specialists , not having any medical background or anything like that whatsoever .
“ I decided then that I really did want to be able to spend more time on EndoActive but I needed to upskill , and that 's why I chose to get myself into a new degree . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sylvia Freedman : ‘ Endo is a major public health issue . '
This time last year , Freedman could not have imagined they would be responsible for bringing the first endometriosis drug to Australia , would successfully hold a conference where patients could listen to health experts explain the latest research on treating and managing endometriosis , that they would have started a new degree and be named a finalist in a national competition .
To the people who told them the conference idea was a dream , they say it has been “ really cool ” to prove them wrong .
The conference also led to a Guardian global investigation into endometriosis and its effects on women . Hundreds of thousands of women were given a voice – and crucial information about their hidden suffering .
But work in this area is far from over .
“ Endo is a major public health issue . It costs the country about $ 7bn a year , that 's with loss of productivity as well as costs of surgery and all those sorts of things , ” Freedman says .
“ It means that in our most productive years – and I do n't mean ‘ reproductive years ' – women are being forced out of jobs , they ca n't work physically . There are a lot of really devastating effects . ”
Being broke is another side effect of endometriosis , Freedman says . Many women have to take days off work month after month . Some lose their jobs and the cost of treatments is high . Visanne can range from $ 60 a month to $ 120 but there is also the cost of doctor visits , painkillers , surgery and the many other prescriptions women with endometriosis regularly need filled . Endometriosis affects a similar number of women as diabetes and costs the economy at least as much , yet it is not even listed on the federal Department of Health 's website .
Getting a diagnosis for me was n't that helpful . I had a name but I still did n't have any tools to help me feel better Sylvia Freedman
“ We 'd like to continue to lobby at a government level for changes , ” Freedman says . “ Getting a medical treatment available here was amazing ; the next step would be to get it on the PBS because it 's simply not affordable . There 's also a high price discrepancy between chemists . ”
Among other plans for EndoActive in 2016 , they would like to develop care packages to be given to girls and women at their first laparoscopy .
“ Getting a diagnosis for me was n't that helpful , ” they say . “ I had a name but I still did n't have any tools to help me feel better . ”
The care package would contain information on what to expect , how to cope , how to manage pain medication and strategies for managing the condition in the long-term , including diet advice and tips on dealing with anxiety .
EndoActive would also like to use its database to collect more information . For example , doctors now know that multiple laparoscopies can increase pain because of the development of scar tissue , but some women with endo report having up to 17 laparoscopies .
“ Hearing that makes us sick and we want to know how many women are having multiple laparoscopies , ” they say . “ There 's just so much that is n't known and that 's because there is n't any data being collected . ”
Endometriosis : 20 things every woman ( and every doctor ) should know Read more
The main aim of EndoActive is to empower women with information so that they can take control of their illness and its management . To that end , EndoActive produced a DVD of the Sydney conference and Freedman wants it on the shelves of public libraries around Australia .
“ There is so much that I have learnt , but I have learnt it the easier way , ” they say .
In fact , because of all she 's learnt , Sylvia says they now live pain-free “ pretty much 100 % of the time ” and they want others to be able to improve their quality of life as well .
“ The trauma of not having enough information , not getting enough help , has made us so passionate about getting informed and getting the tools to women to help themselves .
“ If we had millions of dollars , we 'd be making sure every girl was given the DVD prior to their first surgery . ”
But money is a a problem . The conference was partly funded by Freedman 's parents , and the ticket sales did n't cover costs . The health department and pharmaceutical companies have knocked back requests for funding so far , but Freedman is not ready to give up yet . There is one thing that keeps them going :
“ You never forget what it 's like to be in pain every day , but when you get a little reminder of it – it might just be one bad day out of months – you 're like , ‘ how is anyone living with this every day ? '
“ You ca n't , it just rips apart your life and you ca n't be doing the things you want to be doing . Just having a diagnosis , or just having the surgery and leaving it at that , is n't enough . ”
As a woman with endometriosis who attended the May conference , this writer can say it was definitely a game-changing achievement of 2015 .
The Vancouver Tool Library ( VTL ) is a cooperative tool lending library located at 3448 Commercial Street , Vancouver BC . We loan a wide variety of tools for home repair , gardening , and bicycle maintenance . We also offer affordable workshops on tool related skills and projects .
We are motivated by a vision of our community empowered by the tools and skills needed to transform their homes and communities into vibrant spaces that reflect a commitment to sustainability . To get there , we are creating a community resource that will reduce the costs of improving and greening the places in which we live , work , and play .
We acknowledge that the VTL is located on the unceded , occupied , ancestral and traditional homelands of the xʷməθkwəy̓əm ( Musqueam ) , Skwxwú7mesh ( Squamish ) and Səl̓ílwətaʔ/Selilwitulh ( Tsleil-Waututh ) Nations . We recognize the vast cultural diversity of Indigenous people .
On June 3 , 1924 , Franz Kafka died of tuberculosis in a sanatorium in Austria . They were only 41 years old and was just getting started with their writing career .
But their death was made all the more tragic by love—Kafka 's last moments were spent in the arms of Dora Diamant , the love of their life whom they had only met 11 months earlier .
Dora would cherish the memory of Kafka for the rest of their life—so much so that they named their only daughter after their former lover ten years after their death . They kept a piece of them in the 35 letters they had written to them during the rare times they were apart , as well as 20 notebooks that were left in their possession .
That is , until the Gestapo raided their Berlin house and confiscated all the papers they could get their hands on , condemning their mementos to the notorious mountain of bureaucracy of the Third Reich .
The search to recover these letters and notebooks started almost immediately after they were taken . Kafka 's closest friend , Max Brod , was a confidant of Dora 's and they attempted to track down the missing documents . But they were stopped first by the Gestapo , who told them there was no way to find these few items among the trove of papers that were being confiscated during the war , and then again two decades later when the impenetrable Iron Curtain ground the quest to a halt .
As the trail went cold , so too did the memory of Dora . The history books reduced their life to the last pages of the countless Kafka biographies ; they became forever the 19-year-old who was the great author 's last love . From there , they vanished .
In the late 1990s , that all changed . Kathi Diamant , director of the Kafka Project , had become obsessed with Dora in college after a German language literature professor , who they happened to have a crush on , asked if they were related .
Knowing nothing about the other Diamant but wanting to impress their teacher , Kathi started searching for information at the library and among their family members . They did n't find anything definitive—to this day , she 's not sure if they are related and says they “ like [ s ] the mystery ” —but this question would change the path of their life .
“ At that point , I sort of got hooked on finding out what became of Dora… they kind of haunted me , ” Diamant says .
In 1985 , 13 years after their first Dora encounter , Kathi Diamant happened to attend a traveling Smithsonian exhibition on the Holocaust that had come to San Diego . A snapshot of a church in Prague that had the names of victims carved on its walls listed a Diamant , and it sparked their interest once again to find out what had happened to Kafka 's last love . After the show they were working for was cancelled in 1990 , Kathi decided to turn their passion into their full time job .
Since then , they have written a book about Dora 's life—an eventful one that included the loss of their husband to a gulag , escape from Germany , and internment in London during WWII—but one of the missing pieces of the puzzle remains in the love letters that were lost so long ago .
It 's a miracle the letters exist at all . When Kafka died , they had only published several stories . Being the perfectionist that they are , they left strict instructions that all of their remaining papers and works were to be burned unread . They allegedly destroyed around 90 percent of their output themselves before their death .
But Brod , who gained control of the majority of their paper estate , and Diamant both ignored these wishes . Brod went on to publish The Trial , The Castle , Amerika , and a variety of books that pulled from Kafka 's letters and diaries . These posthumous works led the writer to be considered one of the greatest literary talents of their day , and they are a subject that continues to fascinate literary scholars . ( According to Kathi Diamant , a new book on Kafka has been published every 10 days for the past 14 years . )
“ Kafka is really magic , ” Diamant says . “ He was really an extraordinary human being , who saw literature as a way to repair the world , as a form of art . Not that they thought their work would do that , but that was part of the goal of literature . ”
But other works remained unseen . In addition to the Gestapo 's devastating seizure , a trove of Kafka documents was the subject of a lawsuit for over 50 years .
The National Library of Israel and the descendants of Brod 's secretary ( and probable paramour ) , Esther Hoffe , both claimed ownership of the Kafka papers that remained in Brod 's possession when they died in 1968 . In August , the courts finally ruled in favor of the library , and the documents are slowly being archived and made available to the public .
Included in this trove are around 70 letters written by Dora to Brod , presumably letters that detail their search for Dora 's confiscated property as well as their reminiscences of the man they both loved . Diamant hopes that they will be made available by the end of the year ( “ as soon as they are available to the public , I 'm on a plane to Israel to read them , ” they wrote in an email ) .
“ Those [ letters ] are going to be so rich in details about Kafka , ” Diamant says . “ The few things that they have uncovered in [ Dora 's ] diaries , the texture , the detail , the dimension , on a personal level from a woman who loved him , I think will be unique in Kafka [ scholarship ] . ”
But also , these letters might shed some light on the others that were filed away by the Nazis in a bunker or vault or tunnel somewhere for so many years .
In 1998 , Diamant launched the Kafka Project in collaboration with San Diego State University and with the blessing of the Kafka Estate . The project 's mission is to pick up the hunt where Max Brod and their allies left off and trace down these missing works .
For the past two decades , Diamant has searched the Nazi archives in Berlin and Prague , consulted with scholars and national archivists , and followed every lead .
In 2008 , they traveled to Poland for six weeks , scouring the national archives and querying every possible scholar to follow a lead from Klaus Wagenbach , one of Brod 's assistant 's in their search . According to Wagenbach , the chief of police told them in the 1950s that the documents were last seen on a train transport heading out of Berlin to the Eastern territories to be safeguarded from Allied bombing .
But nothing turned up , which was a very , very bad sign . If the letters and diaries could n't be found in the very well-organized records of the Nazis and with the full cooperation of the current Berlin and Prague archivists , then that meant they had probably ended up in Moscow .
“ At that point , in 2012 , [ the relationship with Russia ] was already very difficult , ” Diamant says . “ I had [ previously ] done research in Moscow , and I had gotten quite a bit of information out of documents out of Moscow . But even then it was becoming increasingly impossible . It was terrible news . ”
It was a devastating blow .
The following year , Diamant traveled back to Berlin for the release of their book in German . They threw a party and invited all of the archivists and scholars who had assisted in their research . It was there that one of their former colleagues dropped an interesting piece of news .
They said they had discovered the existence of an archive in Berlin that had been returned from Russia to the Stasi in the late 1960s . It fit the description of the type of archive Diamant knew they were looking for , but it was still uncatalogued and its location was unknown—basically , it had been kept a secret .
But everything Diamant heard about this secret archive has led them to hope that this may be the one she 's dedicated their life to finding .
Since that party in 2013 , they have enlisted the help of Dr. Hans Koch , the German scholar behind the critical edition of Kafka 's letters who is a Diamant calls “ the guy ” on all things Kafka .
With two German universities behind them , they are working with the local government to get permission to access and catalogue the archive 's content . They now know where these documents are located and have the full cooperation of the authorities , but as grants are being secured and plans made , it 's unclear how long this process will take—probably years .
Not only Kafka acolytes interested in soaking up every word they have written , but also , Diamant explains , the documents would help shed light on the very important last chapter of Kafka 's life , a “ part of the story that 's been missing . ”
“ Kafka has been defined by their inability to love . But the fact is , they loved a lot of women , ” Diamant laughs . “ He fell in love easily and often it just never worked out until Dora…all of this interpretation [ of Kafka ] is based on them not having a happy love life . So these letters are important because we 're going to see a different Kafka . ”
Plus , the writer died leaving so much of their work in progress . They were constantly refining their writing and their way of thinking , and these letters are some of their last produced works . “ Kafka said a man is only truly aware of themselves when they are in love or dying . And in that last year of their life they were both. ” We can only imagine the additional words of wisdom they will hold .
Diamant quotes Kafka 's aphorisms often , and one of their favorites to cite is “ as long as you keep climbing , there will be stairs . They will magically appear under your climbing feet. ” It seems a particularly apt maxim for their own life-long quest to unravel this mystery . The new leads may take years to materialize , but there will always be hope , always another lead , another stair that will appear .
“ The interesting thing is that the love story between Dora and Kafka did not end with either of their deaths , ” Diamant says . “ It continues . It continues with me , through me . ”
Green Party Leader Andrew Weaver had a prominent position in this week 's televised leaders debate , drawing the podium spot between Liberal Leader Christy Clark and NDP Leader John Horgan .
While the April 26 debate had no clear winner , there was consensus that Weaver 's high profile presence made their party a part of the conversation in the B.C . election campaign . But was it enough to get British Columbians to vote Green ?
B.C . Liberal Leader Christy Clark , ( left ) , Green Party Leader Andrew Weaver ( centre ) and NDP Leader John Horgan ( right ) meet before the final leaders ' debate of the 2017 provincial election campaign on Apr . 26 , 2017 . ( B.C . Broadcast Consortium )
The One Thing is a CBC original podcast . Hosted by CBC legislative reporter Richard Zussman , it looks at the one big issue that dominated the election campaign this week in B.C .
In episode three , Zussman talks about whether the Green Party and Leader Andrew Weaver have what it takes to finally push the party into the mainstream in the lead-up to the May 9 election .
Listen to episode three of The One Thing here :
MTV Star Jess McCain Calls Abortion Murder
President Trump is known for their frequent tweets , but MTV star , Jess McCain , recently went on their own Twitter spree challenging their Hollywood peers with strongly worded pro-life tweets .
After a Twitter user posted a comment that fathers should not have rights over the abortion of their child , McCain countered supporting the rights of fathers over the fate of their own children .
They continued with some excellent points like - If you are pronounced dead when your heart stops , why when it starts do some of you not consider a baby alive ?
McCain then went into their own personal experience with women they know who have had abortions and deeply regret it , even turning to substance abuse to cope . One tweet commented - Every girl I have met says it messed them up and they did not know the consequences .
Them most strongly worded tweet said - Abortion is NOT birth control . It is extermination . Murder .
SEATTLE — It 's been a tumultuous week for Bryan Singer . The director is facing allegations of sexual assault just days after they made headlines for leaving the Queen biopic . Singer has been accused in a lawsuit of sexually assaulting a 17-year-old boy at a party more than a decade ago .
The lawsuit filed in Seattle claims Singer demanded sex from Cesar Sanchez-Guzman during a 2003 yacht party . After the then-teenager refused , the lawsuit says , Singer pushed them on the bed and sexually assaulted him .
A representative says in a statement to The Associated Press on Friday that Singer `` categorically denies these allegations and will vehemently defend this lawsuit to the very end . ''
Singer directed `` Superman Returns '' and several `` X-Men '' movies . On Monday , Singer denied being `` unprofessional '' on the set of `` Bohemian Rhapsody , '' telling The Hollywood Reporter they had to return to the U.S. to deal with `` pressing health matters '' concerning one of their parents .
They are the latest in a wave of sexual harassment and abuse allegations against powerful men in the entertainment industry , media and politics that began in October with accusations against Harvey Weinstein .
Image caption Founder Marianne Crowley said they understood people 's concerns over their charity
A wildlife sanctuary that only spent a small fraction of its £257,000 income on helping animals has been reported to the Charity Commission .
Accounts for the Wildlife Rescue Sanctuaries , based in Keighley , revealed that over 12 months it spent more than £220,000 on raising funds .
Founder Marianne Crowley said they had brought in professional fundraisers .
The commission , which regulates charities , said it was `` engaging '' with trustees over the sanctuary 's spending .
The commission met with the sanctuary founder and trustee , Marianne Crowley after concerns were raised about the centre 's expenditure .
In a statement , it said : `` The commission is aware of concerns regarding Wildlife Rescue Sanctuaries .
`` Those concerns included the high cost of fundraising and the extent to which the charity was furthering its purposes .
`` We have met with the trustees and are continuing to engage with them . ''
'Lifeline offered '
Accounts filed with the commission on 31 March show an income of £257,051 .
But expenditure figures revealed the `` cost of generating voluntary income '' was £181,272 and fundraising trading , including costs of goods sold and other costs was £38,917 - a total of £220,189 .
Ms Crowley said they had previously given up their full-time job to run the sanctuary and had worked 12-hour days , seven days a week .
They said : `` A fundraising company approached me and they offered me a lifeline , I took it .
`` If you are fundraising all the time you get criticised for leaving the animals .
`` And if you are looking after the animals properly , the way you should be - you have n't got time to fundraise .
`` We 're rescuing more animals than we ever have done .
`` I understand people 's concerns but before I took on the fundraisers I was trying to get help from everywhere . ''
Conservative MP says people suffering at the end of their lives will be ‘ allowed to get to sleep , soothed and serene ' under provisions for a medicated death
France 's parliament has approved a bill that will let doctors keep terminally ill patients sedated until death – but stops short of legalising euthanasia or assisted suicide .
In 15 years of medicine I 've had only one conversation about euthanasia | Ranjana Srivastava Read more
After years of tense debate over the issue and a long journey through parliament , the bill was passed by the country 's lower and upper houses on Wednesday . The text is the result of a consensus of Socialist and conservative lawmakers .
The new law will allow patients to request “ deep , continuous sedation altering consciousness until death ” but only when their condition is likely to lead to a quick death . Doctors will be allowed to stop life-sustaining treatments , including artificial hydration and nutrition . Sedation and painkillers will be allowed “ even if they may shorten the person 's life ” .
The law will also apply to patients who are unable to express their will , following a process that includes consultation with family members .
The methods can involve medicating patients until they die naturally of their illness or until they starve . Some doctors , however , say it may be more human to euthanise .
“ Everyone must be able to decide how to live the very last moments , ” Socialist lawmaker Alain Claeys , co-author of the bill , said in a speech at the National Assembly . “ Our text has one purpose : fighting a bad dying that still happens too often in France . ”
The other co-author of the bill , conservative lawmaker Jean Leonetti , said the text aimed to tell the French : “ At end of your life , if the suffering is unbearable , you 'll be allowed to get to sleep , soothed and serene . ”
The debate over end-of-life conditions has been revived in France due to the case of Vincent Lambert , a Frenchman in a coma since a car accident eight years ago . Their family is divided over whether to continue care for him .
Europe 's top human rights court ruled in June that doctors could stop treating him . Legal proceedings are continuing in France , however , since Lambert 's parents have asked for a legal representative to be designated .
The new bill will also force doctors to follow end-of-life instructions regarding terminal sedation and stopping treatments , whether they are expressed by the persons themselves or written in advance .
People can also designate a “ trustworthy person ” whose opinion would be predominant in case of patients who are no longer able to express their will .
The bill specifies that patients can choose to be sedated at home or in hospital .
When Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States in Washington on Friday , Jan. 20 , their family , including their wife , Melania Trump , and their young son , Barron , will undoubtedly be by their side . But come that Monday , it appears they wo n't be staying with them in the White House .
The New York Post and TMZ.com report that the 46-year-old future first lady and the couple 's 10-year-old son will not make the move to the nation 's capital and will instead remain at Trump Tower in New York City to allow Barron to continue attending private school on Manhattan 's Upper West Side .
According to the Post , Melania “ will travel to the White House as needed ” and “ her primary focus is on Barron. ” The two may make the move to Washington after the end of the school year , the paper added , but currently “ no plans are in place . ”
A spokesperson for the president-elect did not return a request seeking comment .
Jason Miller , communications director for the Trump transition team , told reporters that while the team had no formal statement on the matter , “ there 's obviously a sensitivity ” around the issue of pulling Barron out of school in the middle of the academic year .
Asked about the Post 's report outside their golf club in Bedminster , N.J. , Trump said both Melania and Barron would be joining them in the White House “ very soon — after he 's finished with school . ”
But Trump themselves may not spend all of their time in the White House , either .
Donald , Barron and Melania Trump ( Photo : Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images ) More
Last week , the New York Times reported that the real estate mogul had been “ talking with their advisers about how many nights a week they will spend in the White House , ” reportedly telling them they would like to spend as much time in New York City as they can .
“ Mr . Trump , who was shocked when they won the election , might spend most of the week in Washington , much like members of Congress , and return to Trump Tower or their golf course in Bedminster , N.J. , or their Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach on weekends , ” the Times reported .
President Trump 's whereabouts on the weekends are important , and not just for the press pool .
Security around Trump Tower in midtown Manhattan has been heightened since the election , with lane closures and barriers snarling traffic on a busy stretch of Fifth Avenue .
And even if Trump does n't make Trump Tower their weekend White House , security will likely remain heightened throughout their presidency and beyond .
As the New York Post noted , Melania and Barron “ will each have an unknown number of Secret Service agents assigned to them in addition to a driver and armored vehicle to take Barron to school. ” And “ an advance team of agents will swoop down on the school each morning to make sure it 's safe . ”
“ It is an unprecedented challenge , ” New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a press conference Friday . “ In the modern world , with the security dynamics we face today , we have never had a president of the United States who would be here on such a regular basis . ”
In the run-up to the Greater London Council elections on April 9 , the capital may show few signs of urban malaise to the visitor , in town to concentrate on the tourist or business merry-go round.Seen from a taxi or a double-decker bus , the patient seems to be doing pretty well , with almost all that could be asked for in the way of free-wheeling atmosphere , neon lights , local hippie colour , good , if expensive , food , shops , theatre , music , newly polished monuments , and carefully cultivated parks . Outside the centre , there may be endless drab , damp rows of terrace housing but at least there is no tin-can shack town on the green belt fringe . Yet most Londoners , residents and commuters alike , know that this is pleasant but superficial urban icing , a picture postcard cover-up for a vast metropolis , in which the common place of life gets increasingly difficult and exhausting . There can be little doubt that London life , after three years of Tory council rule , has changed , if anything for the worse , just as it did under their Labour predecessors . The bus service is more erratic . At some Underground stations recently the moving staircase has become a joke . The Tube trains are no cleaner - no less painfully crowded , and traffic jams suburban shopping streets . Unfurnished flats are more difficult to find . Homes to buy are beyond the means of the vast majority . Slabs of old housing have slumped just that little bit nearer final decay . New families continue the exodus to a Iife beyond the green belt . More open space is to be nibbled off for roads . Planes bellow their way into Heathrow airport London . The crime rate has risen . Bad development proceeds apace , except at Piccadilly where there is still no progress . Families with small children still find their way into skyscraper flats because the choice of a home on the ground is not theirs to have . Fares go up and make the longer journey to work even more expensive . Corner shops are boarded up and the new shops , if there are any , charge higher prices . Blight abounds . It is not altogether the GLC 's fault that there has been so little impact , stuck as it is as a glamorous but largely ineffective pig in the middle between central and local government . There would have been more homes but for a temporarily excessively cost-conscious Whitehall . Rents would have been higher which might have freed some flats and houses for families on long waiting lists . The dearth of unfurnished property is a result of a largely successful Rent Act . Whitehall too has sat upon any glossy dreams of a new transport terminal at Victoria Station to tie in with Gatwick and Heathrow . Power was so finely balanced between the GLC and boroughs under the 1963 London Government Act that inter-authority friction can delay city progress on almost any front . The GLC can urge the outer boroughs to shoulder their share of the badly housed ( often immigrants ) from , say , Lambeth and Brent , but the complacently suburban Bromleys and Harrows can refuse to play the game . The GLC can pinpoint major shopping centres on the map , but neglected rival boroughs can do their best to see that trade is given every encouragement to come to their territory as well . The GLC can sketch in its plans for new roads but can not plan the land alongside so as to minimise social and physical disruption . The potential for conflict is obvious .
We already know how the British press will react , do n't we ? They 've done it before .
Hey , ClashNation . Any guesses what the ‘ news ' reports will be looking like in the UK for the next couple of days ?
Will it be like Manchester , where they were singing , in full Kumbaya spirit ‘ Do n't Look back in anger ‘ ?
Will it be , as Prime Minister May call for , having some difficult and often embarrassing conversations ?
Trending : It 's Official : This Senate Vote Proves Dems Are Now ‘ The Infanticide Party ' While we have made significant progress in recent years , there is – to be frank – far too much tolerance of extremism in our country . Theresa May vows general election will go ahead despite London Bridge attack
‘ So we need to become far more robust in identifying it and stamping it out across the public sector and across society .
Will they be calling for a Reformation within Islam like other major religions have had ?
Or will they be bending over backwards warning Britons NOT to assume all Islam is bad .
That might be a somewhat easier position to accept if they were willing to admit that ANY part of Islam was bad , doncha think ?
Here 's the conversation the WO N'T be having , but probably should .
What do you think they 'll be talking about ?
What SHOULD they be talking about ?
The bud may be green , but growing it really is n't : Weed growers in Denver are straining the city 's electrical grid .
Denver is experiencing spiking electricity consumption , with nearly half of that growth coming from its burgeoning pot industry , as the Denver Post reports :
Citywide electricity use has been rising at the rate of 1.2 percent a year , and 45 percent of that increase comes from marijuana-growing facilities , Denver officials said Wednesday .
Advertisement
Now , even though the increase in electricity use is related to the increase is dank bud cultivation , the weed growing industry still uses less than two percent of Denver 's electricity altogether . But it 's increasing at such a high rate that the number will swell unless the city 's weed purveyors figure out more eco-friendly growing methods .
The reason why weed is such an energy-suck ? Lighting . For indoor grow ops , plants need lots of artificial light . That on its own sucks up energy , but then those lights also heat up the growing facilities , which means they need more air conditioning . They also need ventilation fans and humidity regulators .
Boulder Weekly has more depressing stats on the problem with indoor weed growth :
According to data from Xcel Energy and estimates from those familiar with indoor growing , a single light used to grow 16 square feet of pot consumes about half as much energy as the average Colorado house in a one-month time frame .
Advertisement
This is n't just a Denver problem . Growing weed requires a lot of energy all over . As City Lab pointed out , a Columbia Environmental Law Journal report recently highlighted how draining the pot industry is on energy all over the US :
It consumes six-times as much energy as the pharmaceuticals industry and requires eight-times as much energy per square foot as the average U.S. commercial building . It is estimated that marijuana currently consumes at least one percent of all of the nation 's electricity . And in California , which reportedly has the largest marijuana growing industry in the United States , consumption totals three percent of California 's total electricity consumption .
So , what to do about weed 's energy suck ? Lighting companies are working with pot companies on more energy-efficient LED lighting options . Tesla has a powerful new battery that could come in handy for keeping energy costs down for weed growers in emergency power outages , or help store home-generated solar energy , but there 's clearly a need for more comprehensive solutions .
Advertisement
In addition to finding better lighting options , there 's a simpler solution for minimizing the energy impact of the weed industry : Growing outdoors is more energy-efficient , but it 's not legal in Colorado . When other states legalize marijuana cultivation , allowing for outdoor growth could help lower the drain , though growers often prefer indoors for higher-volume crop yields and year-round growth . While deregulating where you can grow weed could encourage some growers to take crops outside and save energy , regulating licensing to incentivize growers to use renewable energy sources will also help offset some of the drain .
[ CityLab | Denver Post ]
Contact the author at kate.knibbs @ gizmodo.com .
Public PGP key
PGP fingerprint : FF8F 0D7A AB19 6D71 C967 9576 8C12 9478 EE07 10C
Advertisement
Image : Pixlbay
A bill to require criminal background checks on private gun sales passed the Oregon House on a 32-28 vote Monday and now goes to Gov . Kate Brown for their signature .
The hotly contested measure , Senate Bill 941 , passed after nearly five hours of debate with 32 of the 35 Democrats in favor and all Republicans and three Democrats -- Jeff Barker of Aloha , Caddy McKeown of Coos Bay and Brad Witt of Clatskanie -- voting against .
Supporters of tighter gun laws have pushed hard for expanded background checks in the wake of the 2012 mass shootings in Newtown , Connecticut , and at Clackamas Town Center . Similar measures died in the Senate in 2012 and 2013 , but the political dynamic changed after Democrats last year picked up two seats in the Senate and one in the House .
Brown has not spoken publicly about the bill yet but Sen. Floyd Prozanski , D-Eugene and the main architect of the measure , said they were confident the governor would sign it . They said they talked to them Monday morning and `` she said they were thankful the bill will be coming to her . ''
Update : Gov . Kate Brown says she 'll sign the gun bill
Supporters portrayed the measure as a common-sense step to close a loophole that allows many gun buyers to evade background checks . Opponents , meanwhile , said it would do little to stop gun violence while posing a particular burden on gun enthusiasts .
Everytown for Gun Safety , which has been financially backed by billionaire Michael Bloomberg , helped elect the two additional Democratic senators and waged an extensive lobbying and advertising campaign during this legislation session .
While the issue had been extensively debated in the Senate over recent years , it has not in the House . And supporters had trouble rounding up the 31 votes they needed since some Democrats from rural and suburban areas expressed doubts .
Rep. Brian Clem , D-Salem , said they supported the bill after they were promised follow-up legislation to provide more leeway for friends to lend guns to each other by being able to call the state police directly for a background check . SB 941 requires private sellers to go through licensed firearms dealers .
Oregon currently requires background checks on sales by licensed dealers and at gun shows to see if someone is a felon or otherwise legally prohibited from possessing a firearm . Under SB 941 , Oregon would be the 12th state to require these checks on sales and transfers among private parties for both handguns and long guns .
`` I do not want to take anyone 's guns , '' said Rep. Dan Rayfield , D-Corvallis . `` I do not want to register anyone 's guns . I want to make the community safer . ''
They said Oregon 's existing background check law stopped 345 felons and 37 people with mental health commitments in their past from buying guns in 2014 , according to FBI statistics .
The measure has attracted particularly large opposition in small-town Oregon , where county commissions and local sheriffs have lined up against it .
`` It shames me we did not talk to people in rural Oregon , '' said Rep. Jim Weidner , R-Yamhill , adding : `` Sometimes you do n't even know where the gun comes from in your truck . ''
House Minority Leader Mike McLane , R-Powell Butte , said the bill provides only the illusion of doing something useful .
`` The tragedies at Sandy Hook , at Clackamas Town Center would not have been stopped by this bill , '' said McLane . They and other Republicans raised a flurry of situations in which the new background checks would interfere with longtime activities by gun owners .
Rep. Gail Whitsett , R-Klamath Falls , said they and their husband store most of their guns with a neighbor when they move to Salem before the session because it would n't be safe to leave the firearms in an empty home .
Rep. Jennifer Williamson , D-Portland and one of the bill 's chief sponsors , said backers included several exemptions to try to ease the burden on legitimate gun owners . They noted that people can lend or transfer guns to relatives without background checks , as can military personnel going on deployment .
`` We know that background checks work , '' said Williamson , citing statistics gathered by Everytown showing lower rates of some gun crimes in states with universal background checks .
Rep. Ann Lininger , D-Lake Oswego , cited the 2012 shooting death of Zina Daniel , a 42-year-old Wisconsin woman , by their estranged husband , who was prohibited from possessing a gun . They avoided a background check by buying a gun through a private sale .
`` That 's the kind of horror we 're trying to protect against , '' Lininger said .
Democrats voted down a series of efforts by Republicans to send the bill back to committee or to replace it with measures aimed at boosting funding for mental health treatment and prosecuting people who have failed background checks .
Supporters said SB 941 also includes a provision requiring judges to rule whether someone receiving outpatient mental health treatment should be barred from gun ownership for a period of time . It also includes a provision requiring that local law enforcement officials be notified when someone fails a background check .
-- Jeff Mapes
503-221-8209
@ Jeffmapes
The highest-ranking U.S. military officer is ordering commanders to tread carefully during the current presidential campaign—even if their expertise could correct misguided ideas about national security .
This presidential campaign has introduced some of the boldest—some would say craziest—national security proposals , including reinstituting torture , defunding NATO , and bombing the self-proclaimed Islamic State until “ sand glows in the dark . ”
For Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford , the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , the increased call on the military to referee campaign ideas is such a problem that they have quietly urged commanders to stay out of the political fray . This week , they are expected to also issue a memo outlining to generals how to navigate the current political discourse .
They will remind generals that their assessments could become political fodder , even if they do n't intend it that way .
The military , Dunford argues , must retain its place as a non-political force that offers its best military advice to whatever party the commander in chief comes from .
There is an expectation that military commanders are supposed to give their honest assessment . And Americans say they see the military as the only apolitical , relatively honest arbiter on national security matters . Perhaps because of that , when the candidates fall short on specifics , it often falls to the military to provide the kind of measured nuance missing on the campaign trail .
Indeed , each time a general has nixed an idea that has popped up during the primaries , it has all but disappeared from the political discourse . On Feb. 1 , for example , Lt. Gen. Sean MacFarland , the commander of the U.S. campaign against ISIS , rejected Republican Sen. Ted Cruz 's idea of carpet-bombing ISIS .
“ At the end of the day , it does n't only matter whether or not you win , it matters how you win . And we 're the United States of America and we have a set of guiding principles and those affect the way we as professional soldiers , airmen , sailors , Marines , conduct ourselves on the battlefield , ” MacFarland told reporters . “ So indiscriminate bombing , where we do n't care if we 're killing innocents or combatants , is just inconsistent with our values . ”
A month later , Lt. Gen. Charles Brown , commander of U.S. Air Forces in the Middle East , was more direct :
“ Carpet-bombing is not effective for the operation we 're actually executing because we 're using precision-guided munitions on a regular basis , ” Brown told reporters at the time . “ And , on top of that , as you look at the ... law of armed conflict and us trying to minimize civilian casualties , carpet-bombing is just , in my opinion , not the way to go . ”
Dunford themselves unintentionally became the part of the discourse when a reporter asked them whether NATO was obsolete , referring to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump 's assessment in a meeting with the Washington Post editorial board .
Dunford answered the question , not realizing Trump had proposed it , saying , “ In my mind , the relevance of NATO is not at all in question . ”
That they were presented as rebutting Trump inspired their push to keep the military out of the fray .
But can the military really be extracted from American politics ? Of this country 's 44 presidents , 12 have been former generals , albeit retired by the time they took office . In recent weeks , some have suggested that Ret . Gen. James Mattis , the former Marine Corps commandant , run for office .
And the kind of national buzz about America 's next president has hardly spared the Pentagon , where some are threatening to resign , depending on the outcome .
Indeed , retired generals now are part of campaign staffs .
The very civilian leaders that are supposed to keep the military above the political fray sometimes exploit their standing instead . It is hardly rare that politicians trot out those in uniform to give credence to their policy . During the 2007 surge in Iraq , for example , Gen. David Petraeus , then commander of the war , was the face of war for the Bush administration , which by that point suffered eroded creditability .
Near the end of the Gulf War , then-Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf , the exultant commander , gave what was called the “ Mother of All Briefings ” as they walked the American public through the military strategy , using PowerPoint and phrases like “ Hail Mary ” to explain the U.S. strategy . The briefing eventually was sold nationally on a videocassette , and the briefing became the defining explanation of the war .
Moreover , today 's general is often a politician as much as a military tactician . Last month , when reporters asked Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove , the NATO supreme allied commander , about the effectiveness of torture , they sought to dodge the political debate , noting that European leaders turn to them for guidance on the U.S. political process :
“ Rather than address any single element and to stay clearly out of a political sense , I would just tell you that I get a lot of questions from our European counterparts on our election process this time in general . I think they see a very different sort of public discussion than they have in the past , and I think I 'll just leave it at that . ”
Christopher Preble , vice president for defense and foreign policy studies at the Cato Institute , explained that generals can not control the context in which they explain war , particularly during an election year . So they must tread a thin line of giving their best military advice knowing that it could be exploited .
And so long as the American public extends a kind of blind deference to military commanders and their thoughts on war , the apolitical military will be harder to maintain .
“ Public deference to the judgment of military professionals has become a problem . All of the respect the military has is understandable . But it 's as though if a military officer endorses an idea then it must be a good one . That is not necessarily the case , ” Preble explained to The Daily Beast . “ The military is the most respected institution in the country , higher than organized religion . So , in that sense , we are all to blame . ”
I was listening to the Tresspasser DLC trailer ofr Dragon Age Inquisition and i suddenly had this MASSIVE urge to draw my elf inquisitor archergirl.Then I realised I can not draw humans decently - so I drew them as horse . Them armour is based off the medium-tier armour.Never give up ! Even when you 're thrown down , we fight on ! Time taken : 8 hoursTools : PaintTool SAI + Wacom Bamboo TabletPersonal notes : I 'm really pleased with how this came out . The original sketch was something which allowed me to experiment with poses and a return to drawing elaborate armour - something I have n't done since Sibling Rivalry : Combine that with a background I feel came out really well ( considering the sketch was about seven lines ! ) . I wanted to capture some atmosphere and grandeur I 've only really accomplished with BarricadeAll in all - I felt like I really made some progress . I did n't cut corners and am pleased with the results < 3 I hope you all like it too . If you have any comments or feedback on things I could improve - leave a poke below !
Marc Bergevin will continue to listen to offers until the NHL draft , and on the day of the draft . But the Montreal Canadiens ' general manager is not launching talks involving a core member of the team , including P.K . Subban .
Bergevin repeated this on Monday afternoon during a press conference for a campaign he 's involved with to help the Pointe-St-Charles neighbourhood where they grew up , and where they now reside .
Two days after the NHL draft lottery , during which the Canadiens stood still retaining the 9th overall choice , Bergevin met the media . And inevitably , talk of Subban resurfaced .
Since the end of the season , the name of the flamboyant and controversial defenceman has been the subject of all kinds of rumours that suggest the Habs could trade them in the coming weeks or months .
Subban has been associated with rumours sending them to the Edmonton Oilers , and even more since Saturday night , as general manager Peter Chiarelli might be tempted to trade their fourth choice for a star defenceman . With the Canadiens looking for reinforcements on offence , and the Oilers ' abundance of good young forwards , the rumour mill has been churning .
But Bergevin essentially repeated what they had said at the end of the season , that Subban is not on the market .
“ I do not listen to gossip . We talked about the P.K . situation at the team 's post-mortem . This is not a player I 'm in a position to trade . Nothing has changed since April 11 , Bergevin said .
“ If someone wants to call me regarding any player , for sure we 'll listen . But to solicit offers , we 're not . Neither for P.K. , nor anyone else . Not at the moment . Our core is good . Carey Price , ( Brendan ) Gallagher , ( Alex ) Galchenyuk , Max ( Pacioretty ) are good young people , who 've grown together and have learned a lot this year . We 'll see how things go . ”
Pierre-Luc Dubois
With about six weeks left before the entry draft , to be held June 24-25 in Buffalo , Bergevin has already started holding meetings with members of their staff . The GM expects the Habs will get their hands on a quality player even with the ninth pick . But it would be surprising that the Canadiens could correct deficiencies in the short term with the pick , they say .
“ It depends . If we talk about next year , probably not . There are always exceptions to the rule , but if we look at the percentages , it is rather rare with a player selected 9th . ”
So while Quebecers celebrate Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day , Bergevin could try getting a better pick to snare forward Pierre-Luc Dubois of the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles .
Dubois , from Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts , has made steady progress during the season to the point of garnering the top rank in the final ranking of North American prospects for the NHL draft .
Few people – Bergevin included – believe Dubois will still be available when the Habs pick 9th . After centre Auston Matthews and Finns Patrick Laine and Jesse Puljujarvi , two wingers , Dubois and Matthew Tkachuk will likely be selected fourth and fifth , or vice versa .
Unless Bergevin makes a transaction , Dubois will be picked by Edmonton or the Vancouver Canucks .
“ It 's always interesting for the Montreal Canadiens to get hold of a Quebec player , but I 'm sure there are many teams that love the ‘ little Dubois ' . We are not the only ones . Probably they will not be there ( 9th pick ) , but there are always surprises , Bergevin noted .
“ We always look ( to improve our draft pick ) , but we will see if the teams are interested , and what price we 'll have to pay , ” they added .
Bergevin will be prudent when shopping for free agents after the draft .
“ On July 1 , this is an important date for me . I 'll be very patient . I am going to watch . If I see that we can do something that can help the team without weakening it , we 'll do it . Sometimes you sign a player for five years and after two years , you know it 's not going to work , but you 're stuck with them for another three years . You really have to be careful . “
A wave of residential construction has made modern Downtown Los Angeles nearly unrecognizable to those familiar with its pre-21st century identity . While the changes are most apparent at street level , the transformation is also apparent from above .
The before image , scanned from a postcard , shows Downtown as it appeared in the late 1990s and early 2000s . South Park was a place where people left their cars , with acres of parking lots stretching around the L.A. Convention Center . The construction of Staples Center , seen at the lower left hand corner , would be a catalyst for the things to come .
The after image , taken by Hunter Kerhart in January 2017 , shows what the past 17 years have brought . Major developments such as the Wilshire Grand , Metropolis , Oceanwide Plaza , L.A. Live and Circa have transformed both the streetscape and the skyline .
Another ring , and not fully explored yet :
They were called “ furry parties , ” according to police , gatherings where adult men would dress up as animals and occasionally fulfill sexual fantasies . But on several occasions , according to court documents released Sunday , the strange fetish turned sinister when a Bucks County man allegedly took off their fox costume and raped a boy who was brought to the party and dressed as a tiger… What 's more , Shapiro said that Fenske was part of a network of men who participated in the repeated abuse of the victim , now 14 . Four others accused of belonging to the perverse group have been charged across Pennsylvania and in Virginia , Shapiro said , and prosecutors fear that there may be additional victims… Shapiro said Sunday that the boy was now in foster care and receiving therapy… Two other alleged members of the criminal ring , Craig Knox and Stephen Taylor , were arrested in the fall in Virginia , prosecutors said . Knox is accused in court papers of abusing the boy in 2009 or 2010 at Parker 's encouragement . The court papers also say that Knox – who had a rottweiler costume and nine rottweiler dogs at their Henrico , Va. , home – admitted having a years-long sexual attraction to young boys and dogs… Shapiro said prosecutors suspect there could be additional victims in this case , and they encouraged anyone with information to call 1-800-385-1044 or submit a tip online at www.attorneygeneral.gov .
There was a rumor Jerry Sandusky was part of a pizzagate-like ring in Pennsylvania that included high ranking leaders of local government , the judiciary , and the church . No word on if this is related , though law enforcement appears to think it goes farther than they have discovered .
You see in these cases how these deviants naturally gravitate into rings to facilitate their perversions . The more deviant they are the tighter the ring grows and the more it will tend to discover and attract like-minded perverts . From there the deviance explodes , as each individual 's perversions renders the other 's perversions normalized . A slight pushing of the group 's boundaries eventually turns into the most horrific victimization of children , but who can judge when they are all so abnormal ?
You can see how if one individual is in a high ranking position , soon that ring can place all its members in positions to protect each other . A deviant would prefer other deviants in such positions , because they know a deviant will never challenge them .
It is strange these things are not immediately unraveled once discovered . These are pedophiles , who can easily be manipulated merely by threatening to throw them into the general population without protection . And yet , it seems there is some greater force the pedophiles fear , which keeps them from cutting deals , and helping law enforcement expose the full extent of the networks immediately .
Now to Pizzagate .
Spread r/K Theory , because we need a K-society that want to protect children
Takorn Tantasith , chief of the official government-designated internet censor , the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission ( NBTC ) . The AIC describes itself as `` an industry association formed in 2010 and members consist of Facebook , Google , LinkedIn , Apple , Twitter and Yahoo ! , LINE , Rakuten '' . ( File photos )
The Asia Internet Coalition ( AIC ) , an industry association made up of eight internet giants , has agreed in principle to work with local authorities to tackle webpages and content that violate the law .
The agreement was allegedly reached Tuesday after a meeting among representatives of the AIC , led by AIC managing director Jeff Paine ; the National Broadcasting and Telecommunications Commission ( NBTC ) ; and the Thai Internet Service Provider Association ( Tispa ) -- to discuss policies and regulatory frameworks necessary for getting rid of illicit content , including lese majeste content .
The eight members of AIC consist of Apple , Facebook , Google , Linkedin , Twitter , Yahoo , Line and Rakuten .
Formed in 2010 , the AIC aims to promote understanding on internet policies in the Asia-Pacific .
After a brief meeting , Takorn Tantasith , secretary-general of the NBTC , said it was crucial that all illicit webpages be removed according to court orders issued in Thailand .
`` We asked the AIC if we could work together and achieve long-term cooperation on this matter , '' Mr Takorn said .
They said the AIC agreed to be another source in helping alert the NBTC to illicit content and send it details of websites that break the law .
Top 10 in the world : Thais on social media
After being notified by the NBTC , the AIC said it would inform its members and urge them to provide details of offensive material so it can be removed from its server , they said .
`` The NBTC hopes that cooperation with the AIC will ensure greater efficiency and shorten the time it takes to block illegal content , seeing as social media giants have their servers in the Asia-Pacific region , '' they said .
In addition , the NBTC believes the membership structure of the AIC would lead to self-regulation and self-policing among its members , Mr Takorn said .
The AIC 's move follows that of Tispa and internet gateway providers , which last week sent an email to the managing director of Facebook Inc and managing director of Facebook Thailand urging the US social media company to block all the remaining 131 illicit webpages before the May 16 deadline given by Thai agencies .
Volvo just announced plans to phase out gas-only car production by 2019 , at which time all new Volvos will either be fully electric or electric hybrids . The company also said that it would launch three new fully electric Volvos between 2019 and 2021 , and two high performance electrics under the Polestar brand . All new hybrids will be a mix of petrol and diesel twin-engine plug-ins and 48 volt `` mild hybrid '' options
“ This announcement marks the end of the solely combustion engine-powered car , ” said CEO Håkan Samuelsson . “ Volvo Cars has stated that it plans to have sold a total of one million electrified cars by 2025 . When we said it we meant it . This is how we are going to do it . ”
In May Volvo announced that it plans to be one of the first automakers to build Android into its next generation cars . Not Android Auto , to be clear , but an embedded Android operating system running at the heart of the dashboard and infotainment system . Last week Volvo announced a partnership with Nvidia for its 2021 self-driving cars . Combined , these announcements make Volvo one of the most interesting companies to watch as the automobile lurches into the future .
Two members of Australia 's Paralympic team have been robbed at gunpoint on the streets of Rio de Janeiro , raising concerns about the security arrangements for athletes ahead of the Games there this summer .
The Australian Paralympic Committee said in a statement that Liesl Tesch , who is on both the sailing and basketball teams , and team physiotherapist Sarah Ross were riding bikes near their hotel on Sunday when two men confronted them and asked for money .
Tesch told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. they demonstrated to the assailants that they are n't carrying any cash .
“ He then said something else and pointed the gun at me and pushed me in the shoulder and I just toppled over with my bicycle and they just grabbed my bicycle , and the other guy was wrestling the bicycle from our team physio , ” they said . “ And they just rode off into the park . It was absolutely horrific . ”
The Australian Olympic Committee 's chef de mission Kitty Chiller told the media on Tuesday the incident was “ extremely concerning and disturbing . ”
“ It 's not an isolated incident , there 's been several incidents over the last couple of months involving our team members and other Australians in Rio , ” they said . “ It 's got to a point now , though , that we are demanding that steps and measures are taken to ensure that all our team members who go to Rio for the Olympic Games next month will be safe . ”
Chiller said they have written to the Games ' organizers and the mayor of Rio demanding that security forces for the Olympics are mobilized earlier .
They also called for a review of the number of security personnel — currently about 100,000 state and federal police , military and private security — that Brazil will deploy for the Games . “ It is a lot more than we had in London , but Rio is not London , ” they said . “ And in my opinion , based on latest incidents , we need to make sure that all those competition and training venues are safe . ”
Write to Simon Lewis at simon_daniel.lewis @ timeasia.com .
A Science Channel special featuring the Cape Region 's World Championship Punkin Chunkin has been removed from the schedule out of respect for a woman injured during the event .
The show was expected to air Saturday , Nov. 26 , on The Science Channel , but spokesperson Paul Schur said the decision was made to pull the show .
“ In light of the unfortunate incident at the Punkin Chunkin event on Nov. 6 , Science Channel will not air Punkin Chunkin as originally planned , ” they said . “ We are sending our hopes and prayers for a full recovery to the injured woman , their family and loved ones . ”
The 39-year-old producer , who has not been identified , was critically injured when a piece of an air cannon exploded into the air and struck them in the head as it fell . A witness said they were wearing a hard helmet and was walking in an area for competitors and press only , when they were hit . Police said a trap door from an air cannon flew into the air and struck them in the head .
The woman worked for Sharp Entertainment , which had contracted to film the three-day event for The Science Channel . Sharp Entertainment had no comment . Delaware State Police have no new information on the woman 's condition . They were initially taken to Nanticoke Hospital and then flown to Christiana Hospital in critical condition .
Frank Payton , president of the Punkin Chunkin organization , said they had no comment . Punkin Chunkin returned to Wheatley 's Farm in Bridgeville following a two-year hiatus after a lawsuit forced a change in venue .
We may earn money from the products/companies mentioned in this post . As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases .
Delicious , salty , crunchy cashews enrobed in a sweet caramel sauce and cloaked with chocolate . Mmmmm . . . Is your mouth watering yet ?
These are a bit messy , yes , but so worth it ! I eat them straight out of the freezer , and I think they taste like a frozen Snickers Ice Cream Bar !
Since the chocolate part is made with coconut oil , it can melt fairly quickly in your hand , but to be honest , it 's not usually in my hand for very long ! Ha !
These really are great – even my picky 7 year old approves – and that 's saying something !
Skinny Cashew Snickers Bars { THM-S , Sugar Free , Low Carb }
Filling :
3 Tablespoons Butter
3 Tablespoons Xylitol
1/8 Teaspoon Caramel Extract
2 Tablespoons Heavy Whipping Cream
1 cup chopped Cashews
Shake of Glucomannan if you have it
Chocolate :
1/2 cup melted coconut oil
1/4 cup Cocoa Powder
2.5 Tablespoons Gentle Sweet or other powdered sweetener
2 Tablespoons Heavy Whipping Cream
Make chocolate first – combine melted coconut oil , cocoa powder , and sweetener . Add heavy whipping cream and stir * . ( * See Notes ) Add a Tablespoon of the chocolate to the bottom of each Silicone bar mold cavity , then place in freezer to harden . Meanwhile , make caramel sauce – melt butter over medium heat , add sweetener and caramel extract and simmer for 1 minute or until desired color of caramel is reached ( just be careful not to burn it ) . Add heavy cream and chopped cashews and stir . Place 1 Tablespoon of cashew mixture in each cavity ( on top of chocolate ) , and place back in the freezer . After 20 minutes or so , pour the remaining chocolate over the cashew mixture . Keep frozen for best results and enjoy !
Notes :
I used this 9-Cavity Silicone Mold pan and this recipe made exactly 9 bars .
If your cream is cold , it will harden the coconut oil and give you a frosting instead of liquid . Either warm your cream before mixing it in or pop it in the microwave for a few seconds to make it liquid again after you mix it all together . ( If you want a chocolate frosting , check out my Healthy Coconut Oil Frosting recipe . )
If you do n't have the bar pan , you probably could line an 8×8 pan with parchment paper and layer the candy that way . When it has hardened , use a sharp knife to cut it into pieces .
I would think any chopped nut could be used in place of the cashews , though I have n't tried it . Pecans would be amazing ! ( Or the traditional peanuts )
The Glucommanan is completely optional . A sprinkle of it helps to thicken the caramel a bit , but it is just as fine without it .
This post contains affiliate links which provide me with a small commission when you make a purchase through those links . The profits go to the support of my family and this blog . Thank you !
Stopping the underwater carbon emissions time bomb could require widespread seagrass transplantation .
Seagrass is up to 35 times more efficient at sequestering carbon than rainforests , and stores it for millennia in the sediment below .
But over the past century 29 per cent of global seagrass has been destroyed and as a result it has been estimated that it is releasing carbon at a rate similar to the emissions of Australia and the UK combined .
Advertisement
Now an analysis of a seagrass disturbance shows that natural regrowth can help cap the release of ancient stored carbon , but the slow process could do with a helping hand .
Holes in the seabed
In 1969 , a series of large circular holes were hammered into seagrass beds near Jervis Bay in Australia , to test the suitability of the area for a nuclear power plant . The seagrass there has never fully recovered .
Now Peter Macreadie from the University of Technology Sydney and their colleagues have looked at the area to see what happens to seagrass after a disturbance . They took a series of samples from the soil and compared areas that were undisturbed , those that were disturbed but the seagrass has grown back and those that were disturbed and remain bare .
In the bare areas , 72 per cent of the carbon stored in the top metre – which had been stored over the past 6000 years – had been released in less than five decades .
That supports a 2012 estimate that destroyed seagrass meadows are releasing more than 1 billion tonnes of CO 2 -equivalent each year .
“ In some ways , this is the next step , ” says Gary Kendrick , a marine ecologist at the University of Western Australia .
The team also examined the seabed microbes and found that in the unrecovered areas , there were more of the microbes that can break down carbon faster using oxygen .
Put a cap on it
But recovered areas lost about half as much carbon as the unrecovered areas . What 's more , the microbe communities were similar to those in the undisturbed areas , so would be slower at further breaking down the carbon .
“ That was a little bit unexpected for us , ” says Macreadie . “ They seem to be doing very well at capping the carbon and keeping it in the ground . ”
“ This is important as it reinforces arguments that the protection of seagrass meadows is an effective carbon mitigation strategy , ” says Carlos Duarte , an ecologist at King Abdullah University of Science and Technology in Saudi Arabia .
But the recovery of the seagrass in Australia has been slow over the past 50 years – the average spreading , horizontal growth of the roots is about 2.5 centimetres a year .
So the researchers suggest that we may need to be growing and then transplanting seagrass , rather than waiting for recovery via natural processes .
Macreadie says this is something that could be possible in areas that have a price on carbon .
“ Restoration projects could then be funded by the big polluters , ” they say . “ We had a carbon farming initiative on land , where farmers were getting carbon credits by turning agricultural land back into forest . I think we should be turning our attention to these ‘ blue carbon ' ecosystems that not only store the carbon more efficiently that terrestrial forests but lock it up over much longer time periods . ”
Journal Reference : Proceedings of the Royal Society B , DOI : 10.1098/rspb.2015.1537
Image credit : Michael Patrick O'Neill/Alamy
Japanese video game publisher D3 Publisher revealed its new otome game brand `` D3P Otomebu '' on Sunday . The company had opened a teaser website on Friday for a `` major D3P ( Publisher ) otome announcement . ''
D3 Publisher is also streaming a video announcing its new game lineup for this year and into 2016 .
The promo video features the following games :
Otokoyukaku
The Men of Yoshiwara
is on sale now for the PlayStation Vita . The game revolves around an island where boys are not born that has a red-light district for male courtesans . The hero runs an errand in this district and for the first time witnesses a parade of these beautiful male courtesans , and becomes entranced . Hitsujigumo wrote the scenario , Hs ( Hitsujigumo ) designed the original images , anddeveloped the game . D3 Publisher released an iOS version of the game titledin English last May .
Vamwolf Cross
D3 Publisher will releasefor the PS Vita on June 25 . In the game , players play as a female university student who lives an ordinary life . Recently there have been a series of murders where all the blood has been drained out of the victims , and the media are calling it the work of `` Vamwolves . '' One day the hero 's father is killed , and while they are sorting through their belongings after the funeral , they find a diary that explains that they and all of the inhabitants of their apartment building are Vanwolf hunters . Them father 's final page in their journal notes that the Vanwolf hunters have been betrayed . The hero resolves to find out the truth about their father and their death .
22 no Kiss no Imi
Kiss
D3 Publisher will releasefor iOS and Android in May . Seira Suketomo andno Imi are designing the game 's characters .
Teikoku Kaigun Koihojō
D3 Publisher will releasefor the PS Vita in summer 2015 . Y_at and Kaigun Ongakutai are designing the game 's characters .
Believer !
D3 Publisher will releasefor the PS Vita in 2015 . Kiira Kojima and Shukumei no Miko are designing the game 's characters .
Hyakka Hyakurō : Sengoku Ninpōchō
D3 Publisher will releasefor the PS Vita in 2015.and Sengoku Ninja are designing the game 's characters .
Additionally , the video reveals that D3 Publisher is working on a fifth anniversary project for the Storm Lover series , as well as a 10th anniversary project for the Vitamin series .
D3 Publisher launched its first otome game in October 2010 . The company has since published 45 otome game titles , such as the Vitamin , Last Escort , Bakumatsu Renka , and Storm Lover series of games .
Source : Famitsu
This pressure cooker recipe marks the end of all other tomato soups !
Although tomato soup is American , I made a version that exemplifies Italian cookery : Exalting one ingredient and making it sing . To this end , this soup includes three tomato products for a complex , yet direct , flavor .
I used water , not Chicken broth , to keep the taste-buds focused on the star ingredient .
Herbs are not invited to this party , either . They are a delicious and tricky thing to use . When herbs are paired with tomatoes the risk is very high that the soup might end up tasting like a pasta sauce . Use herbs only as garnish with restraint .
Milk products and tomatoes make magic when used together . I highly recommend starting this soup with butter , and then using your favorite cheese or cream to garnish .
In the Fall , Winter , and Spring Italians reach into their pantry , not garden , for tomatoes . Be sure to use the highest quality canned tomatoes available for the best flavor .
Pressure Cooker Accessories Pr . Cook Time Pr . Level Open 3 L or larger none 5 min . High ( 2 ) Natural
Lost mannequins , toys and power tools found in Queensland Rail 's eclectic lost property department
Posted
Dropping your phone , wallet or keys in the mad rush to get off the peak-hour train seems plausible .
Leaving behind your wheelchair , mannequin , or false teeth ? Not so much , but it still happens .
Top items found over the past year : Mobile Phones
Wallets
Glasses
Sunglasses
Backpacks
Keys
Bicycles
Fitbits
Kindles
Umbrellas
Queensland Rail ( QR ) is holding onto a mixed collection of items lost by customers across the south-east Queensland network .
In the past year more than 18,000 items were handed in or found either on trains or at stations .
The amount of items coming in means the lost property office at Roma Street Station in Brisbane requires three full-time staff members to keep everything in order .
ABC News was given a peek inside to see what train customers were leaving behind .
The collection is impressive - ranging from everyday essentials such as wallets , phones , jumpers , and glasses to the bizarre such as vinyl records , pieces of art , a power saw and crutches .
Denise Brotherton , who has worked in the department for seven years , said it was always a good feeling to reunite someone with their lost item .
`` It 's always nice to give something back when something that might not be very valuable to us is very sentimental to them , '' Ms Brotherton said .
`` They 're always extra specially excited when they see it . Whether it be a piece of jewellery or their lunch box . ''
Ms Brotherton said wallets were easier to trace back to their owner .
`` It 's also nice when we can return their money to them ... we 've had one just recently a fellow lost a wallet with $ 800 in .
`` It was handed in by an honest customer and returned the same day . ''
Uncollected items passed on to charity
Lost items of no great personal value are held for two months before going to QR 's charity partners such as the Salvation Army , St Vincent de Paul , DV Connect , The Men 's Shed , Guide Dogs and more .
In recent months QR have donated 23 unclaimed bikes to Milpera State High School in Brisbane , which caters for students who are newly arrived immigrants or from a refugee background .
More than 500 pairs of glasses have gone to Lions Recycle for Sight , while two van loads of household items and clothing were given to families starting new lives after experiencing domestic violence . Warm clothing and blankets were also given to the 139 Club to support the homeless .
`` The most common items to not get collected are mostly clothing and lunch boxes , people think they 're just gone forever , '' Ms Brotherton said .
`` People look for glasses and sunglasses because they cost a lot of money .
`` Backpacks are generally collected by the end of the two months ... people make the effort to come find it . Sometimes they do n't realise they 've lost it till they go to use something . ''
Sentimental items reunited with rightful owners
QR CEO Nick Easy said staff have been part of some special reunions over the course of the year .
`` We often have customers enquiring about lost property through social media and we 've used Facebook to try and reunite special items , '' Mr Easy said .
`` As recently as last month , one of our customers , Elyse , contacted us through Facebook , after they had mistakenly left a collection of their artwork at Central Station .
`` After working 14-hour days and spending three months to complete them , Elyse was extremely grateful to find that a kind-hearted customer had handed them in , allowing us to safely return them to her . ''
In another rewarding moment , the lost property office was able to return a sentimental 18-carat gold wedding ring to retiree Gerald , who had lost it at Central Station .
`` The ring had been passed down to Gerald from their father , from their parents ' wedding day in 1930 . Gerald had then married their late wife with the ring in 1971 , so was understandably very upset when it was missing , '' Mr Easy said .
`` He was ecstatic and became quite emotional when one of our lost property officers called them with the good news that the ring had been found .
`` Gerald told us they did n't think they had any chance of seeing their ring again and that the Good Samaritan who handed it in had 'restored their faith in humanity ' . ''
If you think you have left something on a train or at a station , log your lost item on the Queensland Rail mobile app , fill out an online lost property form at queenslandrail.com.au , or call Queensland Rail on 13 16 17 Monday to Friday between 7:30am and 5:00pm .
Topics : human-interest , brisbane-4000 , qld
That can lead to environmental issues , especially given how much trash gets left behind . But some festivals have taken a new tack , hosting environmentally friendly projects . One of the most unusual just took place at the Roskilde Festival in Denmark , which ended on July 4 . It collected an unusual natural resource for an unusual reason : The urine of attendees was gathered to be used as an agricultural fertilizer .
The Roskilde Festival , the largest music festival in northern Europe , takes place every year just south of the city that bears its name . In 2014 , the festival hosted acts including Major Lazer , the Rolling Stones , and Outkast , and was attended by more than 133,000 people . That 's a lot of people ! It 's also ( although you 'd be forgiven for failing to jump to this conclusion ) , a lot of urine , partly thanks to all the beer that 's drunk .
Human urine has been under investigation for a little while now as a possible agricultural fertilizer . It 's high in nitrogen , phosphorus , and potassium , all essential nutrients for plant growth . And it 's free , or at least cheap , when storage and transport are included .
At the Roskilde Festival , a station was set up with urinals hooked into huge storage facilities . ( Women were given a cardboard contraption to direct urine so they could participate as well , according to The Guardian . ) An enormous billboard above the urinal setup featured the tagline “ Do n't waste your piss . Danish farmers can turn it into beer again. ” The Danish Agriculture & Food Council , partnering with the festival , hoped to get 25,000 gallons of urine from the festivalgoers , which will then be piped over to Danish farmers who are growing malt barley .
The barley will be used to make beer ( a pilsner , specifically ) , which the festival plans to serve at its 2017 iteration , thus completing the cycle from beer to urine and back to beer again .
Limited Warranty :
What is Not Covered
This warranty is not transferable and does not cover ( i ) cosmetic damage , ( ii ) damage due to acts of God , accident , misuse , abuse , negligence , commercial use , or due to improper use , installation , operation or maintenance , ( iii ) modification of or to any part of the Product , ( iv ) attempted service by anyone other than a Horizon Hobby authorized service center , or ( v ) Products not purchased from an authorized Horizon dealer .
OTHER THAN THE EXPRESS WARRANTY ABOVE , HORIZON MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION , AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT , MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE . THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THEY ALONE HAVE DETERMINED THAT THE PRODUCT WILL SUITABLY MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE PURCHASER 'S INTENDED USE .
Purchaser 's Remedy
Horizon 's sole obligation and purchaser 's sole and exclusive remedy shall be that Horizon will , at its option , either ( i ) service , or ( ii ) replace , any Product determined by Horizon to be defective . Horizon reserves the right to inspect any and all Product ( s ) involved in a warranty claim . Service or replacement decisions are at the sole discretion of Horizon . Proof of purchase is required for all warranty claims . SERVICE OR REPLACEMENT AS PROVIDED UNDER THIS WARRANTY IS THE PURCHASER 'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY .
Limitation of Liability
HORIZON SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES , LOSS OF PROFITS OR PRODUCTION OR COMMERCIAL LOSS IN ANY WAY , REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT , WARRANTY , TORT , NEGLIGENCE , STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY , EVEN IF HORIZON HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES . Further , in no event shall the liability of Horizon exceed the individual price of the Product on which liability is asserted . As Horizon has no control over use , setup , final assembly , modification or misuse , no liability shall be assumed nor accepted for any resulting damage or injury . By the act of use , setup or assembly , the user accepts all resulting liability . If you as the purchaser or user are not prepared to accept the liability associated with the use of the Product , purchaser is advised to return the Product immediately in new and unused condition to the place of purchase .
Law
These terms are governed by Illinois law ( without regard to conflict of law principals ) . This warranty gives you specific legal rights , and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state . Horizon reserves the right to change or modify this warranty at any time without notice .
WARRANTY SERVICES
Questions , Assistance , and Services
Your local hobby store and/or place of purchase can not provide warranty support or service . Once assembly , setup or use of the Product has been started , you must contact your local distributor or Horizon directly . This will enable Horizon to better answer your questions and service you in the event that you may need any assistance . For questions or assistance , please fill out our inquiry form or call 877.504.0233 toll free to speak to a Product Support representative . You may also find information on our website at www.horizonhobby.com .
Inspection or Services
If this Product needs to be inspected or serviced , please use the Horizon Online Service Request submission process found on our website or call Horizon to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization ( RMA ) number . Pack the Product securely using a shipping carton . Please note that original boxes may be included , but are not designed to withstand the rigors of shipping without additional protection . Ship via a carrier that provides tracking and insurance for lost or damaged parcels , as Horizon is not responsible for merchandise until it arrives and is accepted at our facility . An Online Service Request is available at https : //www.horizonhobby.com under the Support tab . If you do not have internet access , please contact Horizon Product Support to obtain a RMA number along with instructions for submitting your product for service . When calling Horizon , you will be asked to provide your complete name , street address , email address and phone number where you can be reached during business hours . When sending product into Horizon , please include your RMA number , a list of the included items , and a brief summary of the problem . A copy of your original sales receipt must be included for warranty consideration . Be sure your name , address , and RMA number are clearly written on the outside of the shipping carton .
NOTICE : Do not ship LiPo batteries to Horizon . If you have any issue with a LiPo battery , please contact the appropriate Horizon Product Support office .
Warranty Requirements
For Warranty consideration , you must include your original sales receipt verifying the proof-of-purchase date . Provided warranty conditions have been met , your Product will be serviced or replaced free of charge . Service or replacement decisions are at the sole discretion of Horizon .
Non-Warranty Service
Should your service not be covered by warranty service will be completed and payment will be required without notification or estimate of the expense unless the expense exceeds 50 % of the retail purchase cost . By submitting the item for service you are agreeing to payment of the service without notification . Service estimates are available upon request . You must include this request with your item submitted for service . Non-warranty service estimates will be billed a minimum of ½ hour of labor . In addition you will be billed for return freight . Horizon accepts money orders and cashiers checks , as well as Visa , MasterCard , American Express , and Discover cards . By submitting any item to Horizon for service , you are agreeing to Horizon 's Terms and Conditions found on our website https : //www.horizonhobby.com/Service/Request .
United States :
Electronics and engines requiring inspection or repair should be shipped to the following address :
Horizon Service Center
4105 Fieldstone Road
Champaign , Illinois 61822
All other Products requiring warranty inspection or repair should be shipped to the following address :
Horizon Product Support
2904 Research Road
Champaign , Illinois 61822
Please call 877-504-0233 or For questions or assistance , please fill out our inquiry form with any questions or concerns regarding this product or warranty .
United Kingdom :
Electronics and engines requiring inspection or repair should be shipped to the following address :
Horizon Hobby Limited
Units 1-4 Ployters Rd
Staple Tye
Harlow , Essex
CM18 7NS
United Kingdom
Please call +44 ( 0 ) 1279 641 097 or e-mail us at sales @ horizonhobby.co.uk with any questions or concerns regarding this product or warranty .
Germany :
Electronics and engines requiring inspection or repair should be shipped to the following address :
Horizon Technischer Service
Hamburger Strasse 10
25335 Elmshorn
Germany
Please call +49 4121 46199 66 or e-mail us at
service @ horizonhobby.de with any questions or concerns regarding this product or warranty .
France :
Electronics and engines requiring inspection or repair should be shipped to the following address :
Horizon Hobby SAS
14 Rue Gustave Eiffel
Zone d'Activité du Réveil Matin
91230 Montgeron
Please call +33 ( 0 ) 1 60 47 44 70 or e-mail us at
infofrance @ horizonhobby.com with any questions or concerns regarding this product or warranty .
It 's time to kick off another week of fabulous story-telling in Voice , brought to Second Life by the staff and volunteers at the Seanchai Library SL .
As always , all times SLT , and unless otherwise stated , events will be held on the Seanchai Library 's home on Imagination Island .
Sunday February 16th
13:30 : Tea-time at Baker Street : The Adventure of the Red Circle
Tea-time at Baker Street embarks on a new series of adventures as Caledonia Skytower , Corwyn Allen and Kayden Oconnell commence reading from Their Last Bow .
A 1917 anthology of previously published Sherlock Holmes stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , Their Last Bow originally comprised seven stories published byThe Strand Magazine between 1908 and 1917 . However , later editions of the book saw an eighth story included , The Adventure of the Cardboard Box , originally published in 1892 .
In The Adventure of the Red Circle , Holmes and Watson come to the assistance of Mrs. Warren , a landlady with a worrying situation involving a lodger .
It seems the lodger , a young , heavily bearded man , paid twice the going rate to rent a room from Mrs. Warren on the condition they had the room on their own terms . After going out the first night , and returning well after everyone else in the house had gone to bed , nothing has been seen of the man . Communications – such as requests for the Daily Gazette to be left outside the room each morning – have been via notes left on a chair outside the door to the room .
From the evidence Mrs. Warren provides , Holmes deduces that the person ensconced within the room is not the bearded gentleman who rented it , and that the key to the mystery lies within the Gazette 's agony column . The game is then well and truly afoot when Mrs. Warren returns with news that their husband had been kidnapped , only to be dumped unharmed at the roadside . Realising that the kidnapping is a case of mistaken identity , Holmes insists they and Watson visit Mrs. Warren 's house to determine the identity of the secret lodger …
Find out more by joining Caledonia , Corwyn and Kayden !
18:00 : Magicland Storytime
The Pooh Bear Pajama Party ! Come suitably attired and join Caledonia Skytower at Magicland Park , in the Golden Horsehoe .
Monday February 17th , 19:00 : From an Alien Point of View
When humans interact with aliens who are actually alien , we run into the fact that we 're as weird to them as they are to us . This can cause the most remarkable misunderstandings… . More thought-provoking sci-fi from the collection of Gyro Muggins .
Tuesday February 18th , 19:00 : The Words of William S. Burroughs
Crap Mariner returns to Seanchai Library , bringing with them the wit , wisdom and wry observations of American novelist , short story writer , essayist , painter , and spoken word performer , William S. Burroughs .
Wednesday February 19th , 19:00 : The Beekeeper 's Apprentice – Conclusion
In 1915 , a 54-year-old Sherlock Holmes find their retirement to the Sussex Downs , where they are studying the habits of the honey bee , to be interrupted by the unexpected arrival of 15-year-old Mary Russell . American by birth , Ms. Russell had come to England to live with their Aunt following the tragic death of their parents in an automobile accident .
Holmes is impressed by the young lady 's wit and intellect , ne before they know it , they find themselves teaching them their former tradecraft of solving crimes . Thus was formed a new partnership is formed between the very modern young Miss Russell and the very Victorian Great Detective .
Now Caledonia returns with more tales from the pen of Laurie R. King , and their series of stories for young adults which focus on the adventure Ms Russell and Mr. Sherlock Holmes shared .
Thursday February 20th
16:00 : First Nation Tales
Caledonia Skytower and Dubhna Rhiadra sit down to bring us more native tales from the first peoples of the North American continent .
Drawing on number of sources and resources , Cale and Dubna have , over the years , drawn together collections of stories and legends from across a number of First Nation tribes , including the Zuni , Omaha , Paiute , and Hopi as well as legends from Kwaikutlsome in Western Canada . Some of these stories have been published , others of which have come from the long tradition of the spoken word , with archetypal tales handed down through successive generations .
“ We have everything from Raven stealing the moon , to how Winter and Summer came to be , and the Creation of Corn , ” Cale says of the stories . “ The thing I like about them , is the imagery and the “ themes ” are almost Aesopian . They are all lesson/moral/cautionary tales . ”
Join Cale and Dubhna as they delve into this treasure chest of tales and legends .
19:00 : Peredur son of Efrawg
Shandon Loring brings us one the three romances associated with the Mabinogion .
Dating from the 12th or 13th century , Peredur son of Efrawg is a tale somewhat similar in nature to – but necessarily based upon – Chrétien de Troyes ' unfinished Arthurian romance Perceval , the Story of the Grail , albeit with the Grail replaced by a salver containing a man 's severed head .
Left fatherless from a young age , Peredur is raised in isolation by their mother , deep in the woods . After meeting a group of knights , they determine they will become like them , and so travels to the court of King Arthur . Here , while they earn respect for their valour and pureness of heart , they also discover prejudice , in the form of Cei 's ( Sir Kay 's ) attitude towards others .
Determined to restore the honour of a recipient of Cei 's insults , Peredur sets out on a series of adventures which mirror those of Chrétien 's Perceval , and which in turn lead to further adventures very different from any in Chrétien 's work , before eventually revealing to Peredur the truth concerning the misfortunes of their family , allowing them to avenge them .
21:00 : Seanchai Late Night
Details still TBA , so please check with the Seanchai Library blog as the week progresses .
—–
Please check with the Seanchai Library SL 's blog for updates and for additions or changes to the week 's schedule . The featured charity for January and February is The Xerces Society and their efforts at world-wide conservation and education for some of the smallest creatures on our earth .
Related Links
Advertisements
SAN FRANCISCO -- Tim Lincecum is staying put with the San Francisco Giants just as they hoped , reaching agreement Tuesday on a $ 35 million , two-year contract through the 2015 season .
The deal is pending a physical , which had yet to be scheduled . Lincecum has a full no-trade clause in the new deal .
General manager Brian Sabean said when the season ended that among their top priorities was bringing back the two-time NL Cy Young Award winner , who also indicated they cherish familiarity and wanted to stay with the only club they have known . They pitched the Game 5 clincher in the 2010 World Series against Texas , then shifted to the bullpen and became a reliable reliever during the Giants ' 2012 run to their second title in three years . They pitched a no-hitter July 13 at San Diego .
Sabean wanted to lock up Lincecum 's deal before they hit the open market in free agency .
The 29-year-old Lincecum just completed a $ 40.5 million , two-year contract that paid them $ 22 million this past season .
The Giants , who missed the playoffs at 76-86 , already took care of their first order of business by signing right fielder Hunter Pence to a $ 90 million , five-year contract before the season ended . They played every game this year .
Lincecum , the 10th overall draft pick in 2006 out of Washington , has had losing records in each of the past three seasons , but manager Bruce Bochy has expressed encouragement with the pitcher 's progress to make changes not only to their delivery and mechanics but also their between-starts routine and fitness .
This undated photo provided by Glenn McAllister​​ ​shows ​the dehydrated ingredients for bean bark stew at lower right , and the stew prepared at left in Waleska , Ga.​ ​ ( Glenn McAllister​​ ​via AP )
When they set up camp at the end of a long day of hiking in the Rocky Mountains , the last thing Renee Botta wants to do is cook .
So they do n't .
Instead , Botta pulls out a collection of plastic freezer bags , chooses that night 's fare , then boils water .
Them fellow backpackers — often in the wilderness together for a week or more — could n't be more pleased . Instead of another round of peanut butter on tortillas or handfuls of mixed nuts and chocolate — two backcountry staples — Botta , of Evergreen , Colorado , will make a pot of curry sweet potato stew , red curry lentil stew , homemade guacamole or backcountry burritos .
All it takes is adding hot water and waiting .
“ Basically any food out there can be dehydrated , ” they say .
Botta has been dehydrating fruits and vegetables — later moving into entire meals — for 30 years . The process of removing the liquid from food is simple enough , and can be done in the oven or with a dehydration machine , which ranges in price from $ 40 to more than $ 100 .
“ There are really fancy dehydrators out there , but I do n't have one , ” says Botta . “ You do n't need it . ”
As a vegetarian , they do n't dehydrate meat . While that 's doable , Botta buys packets of freeze-dried chicken or beef from online sites such as Packit Gourmet for their hiking friends to add to their meals . The University of Denver professor of health communication turns to favorite websites — Backpacking Chef is one , Dirty Gourmet is another — for recipes . They recommend those sites for beginners interested in learning about dehydrating meals .
Glenn McAllister , who divides their time between Zurich , Switzerland , and Waleska , Georgia , launched the Backpacking Chef a decade ago to share their passion for dehydrating food . They list recipes for breakfast , lunch , dinner and desserts , and shares three- to eight-day menus for long camping trips .
McAllister came to their vocation as Botta did : They needed lightweight , good-tasting fuel for long backpacking trips . They try to include vegetables , a starch such as rice , and a meat or other protein in each meal , tying them together with “ bark ” : a starchy vegetable such as potatoes or beans that dehydrate into brittle chunks . When reconstituted , the bark becomes a flavorful sauce .
“ It flows through and connects all the meat , rice and vegetables in the meal , ” they say . ( He makes one with pumpkin that reconstitutes as a pudding and tastes like pie , McAllister says . )
They have one hard-and-fast safety rule : Avoid fatty foods , such as pork , sausage and cheese . Use lean beef ; avoid the fatty ground chuck .
“ It 's the fat that does n't really dry , ” McAllister says . “ If you have too much in there , it could go rancid on you . ”
Their recipes are on their website and in their self-published book , “ Recipes for Adventure : Healthy , Hearty and Homemade Backpacking Recipes ” ( 2013 ) . They include beef chili , stuffed green peppers , and macaroni and cheese .
“ I do a nice ratatouille and a very good risotto , ” McAllister says .
For longer backpacking trips , Botta recommends starting to dehydrate early — it can take 24 hours — and testing a new recipe first on an overnighter .
While they prefer their own dehydrated meals , they say smaller companies such as Packit Gourmet of Austin , Texas , and Harmony House Foods Inc. of Franklin , North Carolina , make excellent prepackaged meals .
Packit Gourmet grew out of Debbie and Jeff Mullins ' desire to keep a healthy diet during years of backpacking and canoeing trips with their two daughters . They started dehydrating food on screens set out in the sun at their Ontario , Canada , wilderness cabin in the late 1970s .
Debbie Mullins recommends starting simple . “ If you have failure in the beginning , it ruins your experience , ” they say .
For instance , do n't start by attempting a stew . Instead , they recommend , dehydrate some vegetables — onions , peppers , squash and mushrooms because of their lesser water content — and then throw them into soups and sauces .
“ When you get comfortable with dehydrated foods , you will begin to embrace them in your day-to-day cooking , ” they say .
And get used to ugly food .
“ That 's the thing with the dehydrated food . It 's not pretty to look at , ” Mullins says , noting the difference between a grape and its desiccated cousin , the raisin . “ That 's true especially when you make stews . ”
Taste your dehydrated food in its odd form . A tomato will have four times the intensity , they say . “ I think , just play with the food and do n't be afraid of it , ” Mullins says . “ Just enjoy it . Experiment . ”
While Botta is pleased with the meals they dehydrate for the trail , they admit that it helps they 're being eaten after a long day 's hike .
“ I will say , everything tastes better in the wilderness , so the bar is a little lower , ” they say .
___
Online :
www.backpackingchef.com
www.dirtygourmet.com
www.packitgourmet.com
Joshua T. Klein is a partner with Fox Rothschild LLP , who focuses their practice on financial services , restructuring and related services . They can be reached at [ email protected ]
The saga of Mt Gox and the exchange 's descent into insolvency is familiar to anyone that is interested in bitcoin , as that has dominated the bitcoin news for many months . Mt Gox filed for reorganization in Japan in February 2014 in a bid to save the company , however the Japanese court overseeing the insolvency ultimately refused to approve an attempt to reorganize the company .
As a result Mt Gox was then formally put into liquidation and a trustee was put in place to take over all Mt Gox assets . A corresponding chapter 15 bankruptcy proceeding was also filed in the United States , and the approval of that filing is still in limbo .
Furthermore , earlier this year a class action was filed in the United States by a Mt Gox customer in Illinois , as well as a similar suit in Canada . The United States class action was purportedly filed on behalf of 50,000 of Mt Gox ' approximately 127,000 customers/creditors . So the last three months have been rather busy in legal terms for Mt Gox and its customers , with active litigation and court proceedings taking place in at least four forums including Illinois , Texas , Canada and Japan . Once Mt Gox was put into liquidation in Japan , a lot of hope would have seemed lost for the exchange 's customers and creditors .
However , a group of investors seemingly swung into action upon the liquidation announcement with a plan to save Mt Gox . I say seemingly because in reality the investor group has been working on a plan to acquire Mt Gox for some time now , including before the original Mt Gox insolvency filing .
What follows is , first , a summary of what we know about the investor acquisition plan , and second , an assessment of the investor acquisition and why the deal may make sense .
Who ?
Sunlot Holdings , Ltd. is a Cypriot special purpose vehicle that is being utilized for the proposed acquisition . The known investors involved in Sunlot are : Brock Pierce , child actor turned entrepreneur ; William Quigley , venture investor and co-founder of Clearstone Venture Partners ; Matthew Roszak , venture investor and fund manager , partner at Silk Road Equity .
Additionally , John Betts , who managed electronic trading platforms for UBS and Goldman Sachs , has been mentioned as being an investor , but in purportedly leaked Sunlot court documents ( a reorganization plan dated March 28 , 2014 , supposedly filed with the Japanese court ( the March 28 Reorganization Plan ) ) there is no mention of Betts holding an interest in Sunlot . However , Betts will be the “ New Mt Gox ” CEO if Sunlot ultimately acquires Mt Gox .
What ?
To date , the only mention of exactly what Sunlot is buying has been characterized rather vaguely . As far as distressed acquisitions go , the norm is that a buyer purchases the assets . The reason for this is that in an asset based deal a buyer can “ cherry-pick ” the assets it wants and leave the assets it does n't want . Further , a buyer can also leave the liabilities that it does n't want , which in a distressed situation is usually most of the liabilities .
However , occasionally an acquisition is done by a purchase of the shares of the target company . According to the March 28 Plan , Sunlot 's acquisition plan centers on a transfer of Tibanne KK , a Japanese corporation that owns 88 percent of Mt Gox . KK , which is the subsidiary , actually operated the exchange .
Through this majority ownership , Sunlot will own and control Mt Gox , including all of its assets and liabilities . It would not be surprising if Sunlot is working on purchasing the remaining 12 percent ownership of Mt Gox KK from Jed McCaleb , the original founder of Mt Gox .
How much ?
What will Sunlot be paying for the Mt Gox acquisition ? One Bitcoin . Literally . It 's actually not really fair to leave it at just that , so some context is provided later on in the article .
Customers/Creditors ?
This has become a very critical piece of the Sunlot acquisition plan . Basically , the offer to all Mt Gox customers is expected to be what is embodied in the proposed settlement agreement ( Settlement Agreement ) that has been reached and preliminarily approved in the Illinois class action .
That Settlement Agreement is subject to Sunlot 's reorganization plan being approved by the Japanese court , a plan which should be somewhat different from the March 28 Reorganization Plan , due to the fact that some of the terms contained therein are contradictory with the settlement agreement . Essentially , the Settlement Agreement provides as follows :
Sunlot would immediately distribute Mt Gox assets ( Initial Distribution ) – all bitcoin and fiat currency currently held by Mt Gox , which appears to be largely comprised of the 200,000 recently discovered bitcoins held by Mt Gox – on a proportional basis determined by an independent audit to the 127,000 affected customers . Customers also would be treated as if they hold a 16.5 percent interest in New Mt . Gox , allowing them to share in company dividends , as well as benefit from any future buyout or IPO in the same proportional amount .
An Administration and Prosecution Fund would manage customer interests and the recovery of the approximately $ 275 million of stolen customer assets . The Administration and Prosecution Fund will be capitalized by $ 10 million in Mt Gox assets held in trust by Nobuaki Kobayashi , the administrator/trustee appointed by the Japanese court , who will serve as the administrator for the Administration and Prosecution Fund . This seed money would fund administration and further recovery efforts . An incentive carve-out of 10 percent of recovered assets would be paid to Sunlot for their involvement in recovery of assets . Finally , Sunlot , after the acquisition , will use commercially reasonable best efforts to investigate and prosecute civil actions against any person or entity determined to be in any way involved in the loss or theft of Mt Gox bitcoins and fiat currency , and to return pro rata to the affected Mt Gox exchange members any bitcoins or fiat currency recovered through such investigation and prosecution .
On May 9 , 2014 , the Illinois Court granted preliminary approval of the settlement , pending a final hearing to take place after ( and if ) the Sunlot reorganization plan is approved by the Japanese court .
Importantly , it should be noted that contrary to what has been reported in the media , customers will not automatically receive an actual interest in New Mt Gox , but rather will be treated “ as if they hold … a stake in New Mt Gox ” and will receive their proportional , potential upside accordingly , but they will not automatically be equity holders of New Mt Gox .
The Deal : Assessment
The sum and substance of the Sunlot proposal ( s ) reflects an extremely well thought out , flexible acquisition plan involving a lot of time and expense ( these things are not cheap ) . Clear evidence of this has been Sunlot 's ability to pivot and change direction very quickly and adeptly depending on the changing dynamics of the Mt Gox situation .
The original Sunlot intention of purchasing Mt Gox through a deal with Mark Karpeles would have obviously been smoother , less hassle and cheaper for Sunlot . The Mt Gox bankruptcy filing clearly disrupted this original plan , however , there have been several things that are now working in Sunlot 's favor .
First , the downward spiral of Mt Gox and its bankruptcy filing created a global forum in the media for all things Mt Gox . Sunlot has been able to exploit that forum in order to garner support for their acquisition through savvy public relations and use of digital media . Every move Sunlot has made has been widely reported in the media , which is not entirely unintentional . This is a classic , tried and true distressed buyer strategy .
Second , the existence of the United States class action has really been a boon for the Sunlot acquisition plan because it gave Sunlot , in effect , efficient and less costly access to approximately 50,000 of the 127,000 Mt Gox customers and a mechanism to garner support from those 50,000 customers .
Furthermore , due to the fact that Sunlot has preliminary United States court approval of the settlement in the class action , Sunlot has vastly increased its leverage in seeking approval of the reorganization plan in the Japanese court ( and possibly in the United States bankruptcy court ) which is necessary to ultimately complete and consummate the acquisition .
The Deal : Why ?
So , the glaring question is why is Sunlot doing all of this ? On the surface , it does n't necessarily make a lot of sense . To say there are a lot of moving parts ( and costly ones at that ) is an understatement . In a recent interview with Business Insider , Betts was asked whether there is some hidden value or underlying asset that no one has realized yet .
Betts kept to the Sunlot script and “ stressed the group 's priority is returning funds to customers , and in restoring confidence to the broader bitcoin ecosystem . ”
That sounds good and a dose of altruism and charity in the Mt Gox debacle would certainly be welcomed by the Mt Gox customers and creditors , and possibly the broader bitcoin community . However , everyone knows that people only invest considerable time and money on an opportunity that has the potential for a significant return on that investment .
Sunlot is buying an established cryptocurrency exchange platform , which was/is the largest exchange of its kind in the world . Yes , there is material brand damage . Yes , Sunlot may need to restructure the platform technology and tighten security , which will most likely require some initial capital expenditures .
The list of professionals and consultants Sunlot intends to immediately utilize shows that these capital expenditures could be significant . However , Mt Gox does currently have at least one valuable known asset : its 127,000 person customer list . For an exchange or similar intermediary , the customers are the key and are the ultimate ( and sometimes sole ) revenue driver of the business .
More customers mean more transactions , which in turn means more fees and commissions . Yes , New Mt Gox is going to need to work to retain those customers , but using the March 28 Reorganization Plan as our guide Sunlot may already have things in the works to incentivize customers to stay with Mt Gox . For example , the March 28 Reorganization Plan contains provisions for the go-forward business to provide free and/or reduced commissions on future transactions for current customers .
Incentivization does n't always work to retain customers , so there are provisions in the March 28 Reorganization Plan that would have limited customers “ getting out ” once they receive distributions .
First , there is a “ lock-up period ” of one year following the Initial Distribution . Customers will immediately get their pro rata share of the 200,000 bitcoins comprising the Initial Distribution , however , the bitcoins they receive can not be cashed out or otherwise transacted during the first year .
Second , the Sunlot reorganization plan contains prohibitions on customers cashing out their quarterly distributions from a commission trust account to be established ( to continue to make customers whole after the Initial Distribution ) until one year has lapsed after receipt of such distributions . In other words , if a customer receives a distribution from this trust account , that customer can not immediately withdraw the distribution in cash . So under the March 28 Reorganization Plan there would be no early exit for Mt Gox customers .
That is , unless a customer wanted to sell New Mt Gox his/her claims . In that case , the March 28 Reorganization Plan provides pre-determined customer claims buyout discounts ranging from 50 percent to 80 percent of the claim value . Under the March 28 Reorganization Plan , if you want to cash out in the first year following consummation of the deal , you have to sell New Mt Gox your claim at 50 percent of the claim value .
Again , some or all of these provisions could change in a revised reorganization plan that Sunlot will submit to the Japanese Court in order to comport the plan with the Settlement Agreement ( importantly , inclusion of things such as allowing immediate access to customer funds on account ) .
However , I think it proves the point as to the importance of the customer as the key asset to Sunlot/New Mt Gox and its need to retain the current customers for as long as possible for the success of the business and the success of Sunlot 's investment . That 's really the heart of the deal and the attraction .
So , the “ hidden value ” in Mt Gox or “ unrealized asset ” may not be so hidden or unrealized at all . Sunlot clearly perceived this early and is willing to take the risk involved , both of which are critical to a successful distressed acquisition .
When viewed in these terms , the Sunlot acquisition may actually make a lot of sense .
Sure , their chiseled abs have caused millions to swoon , but 2010 's Sexiest Man Alive Ryan Reynolds loves to keep them laughing .
“ My body naturally wants to look like Dick Van Dyke , ” says the 6 ' 2″ actor , who suits up as the Green Lantern next year . “ When I stop training , I turn into a skin-colored whisper . ”
We doubt that . From growing up the youngest of four brothers in Canada to being the funny guy in films like The Proposal , Reynolds has learned to take everything in stride . “ You just have to go with the flow , ” they say of their new title . “ This gives my family entire into teasing me for the rest of my life . ”
PHOTOS : Sexiest Man Alive 2010 : Ryan Reynolds
The actor does expect a few new perks at home with their wife of two years , Scarlett Johansson . “ Now it 's going to be , ‘ Sexiest man , take out the garbage . ' That does sound better , ” Reynolds says . “ The most difficult part is going to be organically working this title into a conversation with random strangers . ”
For more of their interview and photos of Reynolds – including more than 100 sexy men – pick up this week s issue of PEOPLE on newsstands Friday
PeopleTV Archive : Watch Ryan Reynold 's Changing Looks !
On Thursday , The Hollywood Reporter published an opinion piece penned by producer Gavin Polone , wherein they discussed their thoughts on Whitewashing amidst the “ Hellboy ” controversy and the implications that recasting an Asian character had on diversity in cinema .
In it , they argued that the role of Major Ben Daimio , a Japanese-American character , had been “ reconceived ” for Caucasian actor Ed Skrein ; furthermore , they attempted to establish the line on where Whitewashing begins and ends , acting as the authority figure for all things race-related in media .
“ It is unfortunate , though , that actor Ed Skrein felt they had to drop out of the new Hellboy movie because some disagreed with them being cast in a part that is Japanese-American in the comic . It 's not as though Skrein would have been a better economic choice than Daniel Dae Kim , the Korean-American who replaced him . Actually , I think Kim is better from a marketing perspective . The filmmakers were making a creative choice in going with Skrein , and the outside pressure to change creative decisions because a fictional character was one race or another is a double-edged sword . After all , a similar creative decision led Marvel to change Nick Fury , who is white in the Avengers comic , and cast Samuel L. Jackson , which was an inspired move and led to greater diversity in the franchise . And if those who protested Skrein wanted true ethnic alignment with the comics , they should still be upset that a Japanese-American was n't cast . ”
Of course , therein lies the problem — despite their eloquent tongue and relatable childhood experiences , Polone is not , nor has they ever been , an Asian-American actor or media consumer ; without this context , their article can be dangerously taken as fact , reshared without thought or criticism to their blatantly incorrect claims .
Polone brings up a valid point on Whitewashing , although he 's certainly not the first to do so : there are clear instances where Whitewashing is bad , such as Jake Gyllenhaal 's role in “ The Prince of Persia ” , but then there are murky areas regarding Whitewashing where it 's not so apparent . To illustrate this , they bring up Randall Park in “ Fresh Off The Boat ” , a Korean-American actor portraying a Taiwanese-American man .
“ …even without political tensions , is it OK that Randall Park , a Korean-American , plays a Taiwanese-American on Fresh Off the Boat ? I could see that go either way . Can any Latino play the part of any Latin American ? Can a Spaniard play a Peruvian ? I 'm not sure . ”
In essence , they establish that they are unsure as to whether or not POC actors can play another ethnicity interchangeably , although they position it in such a way that the reader is lead to believe that this kind of casting is problematic .
What 's missing , however , is what an actual actor of color may think of the situation ; coincidentally , Yoshi Sudarso threw their hat into the ring just last week on the matter , offering not only their thoughts but inviting others to take part in the conversation .
My two cents on the whole situation . Agree/disagree , let 's talk about it . Let 's keep it positive y'all . pic.twitter.com/7MustsFjrh — Yoshi Sudarso ( @ yoshi_sudarso ) September 14 , 2017
The stark contrast between the two , where Polone looks inward for answers while Sudarso offers an opinion to jumpstart a larger discussion , is telling : POC , not White people , should be coming together to define what Whitewashing is , what 's acceptable , and how to work through potential “ gray zones ” . It 's surprising that The Hollywood Reporter published Polone 's monologue over Sudarso 's inclusive conversation , but then again , that 's the media for you — giving White men undeserved authority at the cost of a POC actor 's exposure .
Perhaps that 's one of the “ gray zones ” of Whitewashing Polone was discussing ; after all , they might argue , the role of an authority figure was reconceived for them — Sudarso , or any actor of color that lives and breathes the consequences of Whitewashing on a daily basis , would n't have even entered into this narrative , lest we “ set a dangerous creative precedent that impacts Hollywood and could even stunt efforts toward inclusion ” .
But Polone continued , digging in their heels at their attempts to further define Whitewashing without even appearing to have consulted someone whose livelihood is directly affected by it .
“ Where the ‘ whitewashing ' label is misapplied is when a character is changed from an ethnicity in the source material to another to accommodate a specific actor . This is not the same as casting someone of one race to play a character of another . Much has been made of Scarlett Johansson 's starring role in Ghost in the Shell , whose character in the original Japanese anime was , of course , Japanese ; and Tilda Swinton being cast in Doctor Strange as the Ancient One , a character who was Tibetan in the comic . Neither of these examples was evidence of the distasteful racism of white actors playing a race other than their own , but rather the common business choice of adapting a property for a wider audience . The Ghost in the Shell filmmakers changed the location from Japan to a nonspecific future world , with the intent of making the premise more accessible to a global audience . In moving the location from Japan , the film did n't need its hero to be any specific ethnicity ( not to mention that they were a robot ) ; what they did have to be was a big star capable of justifying a huge budget , and Johansson is that . ”
The crux of their argument and defense of Skrein 's role in “ Hellboy ” hinges on the ill-conceived notion that changing a character 's source ethnicity to match the actor 's ethnic background is somehow more palatable than interchangeably using Asians to play any other Asian . The reason behind this , they assert , is to make the movie “ more accessible to a global audience ” .
What Polone , and many other people in their position , fail to address is just how damaging ( and untrue ) that sentiment actually is — taking a POC character and changing it to be a White one is by and large the very definition of Whitewashing . To think that millions of Asians across the globe have been saying this for years , only for a White person in their position to be almost willingly tuning their message out is infuriating . And it begs the question :
What is it about Asian people , places , and stories that makes them inaccessible to a global audience — an audience dominated by Asian people ?
Why , in 2017 , where the most popular movie franchises overflow with diversity alongside studies that prove Whitewashed atrocities like Ghost in the Shell are set up for failure , can we not take the same chance on an Asian actor that we would a White one — especially in a story centered around people who look like them ?
It 's time to rethink how we approach race in media ; not as consumers , but as producers , directors , and anyone else involved . Instead of reaching inwards for an answer to a controversial topic , these people need to look outwards to the ones Whitewashing affects .
Actual Asian actors have spoken , Polone . It 's time you , and the rest of Hollywood , listen .
Feature Image ( left ) via YouTube / Entertainment Tonight
It took less than 20 seconds for Vikings head coach Mike Zimmer to bring up Christian Ponder in their post-game press conference after tonight 's 19-3 win over the Titans in the preseason finale , and they again staunchly defended the third-string quarterback .
“ I 'm especially proud of Christian Ponder because I know there 's been a lot of fans and a lot of people that have really been negative towards him , ” Zimmer said . “ And the guy 's been nothing but a first-class guy , works hard every single day and went on to perform well tonight . ”
Ponder replaced starter Teddy Bridgewater at the 9:26 mark of the second quarter . They completed 12 of their 15 attempts for 121 yards with no touchdowns and no turnovers . They led the offense on three scoring drives and would have gotten them in the end zone if not for a drop at the goal line .
“ I feel like I played well , ” Ponder said . “ There are some plays I 'd like back . But overall , I 'm pretty proud of the way I played and the way we all played . ”
It was Ponder 's first appearance since the preseason opener , when they went just 3-for-7 for 39 yards in the fourth quarter of a 10-6 win over the Raiders . It might also have been a final audition of sorts for Ponder . Zimmer and offensive coordinator Norv Turner have said they would like to keep three quarterbacks , and there 's no reason to believe Ponder wo n't be one of them . But at the very least , this might be the last time Ponder shows up on tape before their contract expires as season 's end .
“ We did well and won the game , which is most important , ” Ponder said . “ I had fun . It was a fun environment to play in with the rain coming down , and we had a good time . ”
X-Files fans , no one was more shocked to learn that Monica Reyes was the one lighting C.G.B . Spender 's cigarette than the flame-holder herself .
Agent Reyes ' apparent change in loyalties , revealed in the revival 's finale on Monday , “ was a shock to me , as well , when I read the script , ” portrayer Annabeth Gish tells TVLine . The actor was so unsettled about Monica 's proximity to Spender , aka Cigarette Smoking Man , they discussed the plot twist with series creator Chris Carter , “ mainly because I was like , ‘ Noooo , not Monica ! No ! ' ”
You 'll remember that Reyes was there for Scully 's Mulder-less era — they even helped deliver William under less-than-ideal circumstances — and Gish says that their character 's actions can be viewed as stemming from that devotion to Dana .
“ I think in the larger story , what they did was really still a testament to their friendship and loyalty to Scully , ” they say . “ And maybe perhaps in upcoming episodes , which it seems like we 'll be doing , that will be revealed , as to why . ”
Gish , who 's currently recurring on Scandal as journalist/Fitz 's new lady , Lillian , adds that she 'd “ absolutely ” be interested in coming back for another season of The X-Files . “ I think , as evidenced by the response , there is an audience for it , and when there 's an audience , there 's a sentiment for it . ”
But they have one request : that Reyes ' old partner , Robert Patrick 's John Doggett , returns , too . They add : “ It 's not the same without everybody back . ”
Rehan , Rehan , Rehan ! Happy birthday baby ! What a year this has been , full of contradictions ! You 've been carefree yet so attached . Dramatic yet so calm . Loud yet so serene . Energetic yet so blasé . Difficult yet so compliant . Secure yet so vulnerable . Shy yet so cheeky . Relishing life with your contagious exuberance , you are a picture of joie de vivre , taking absolute delight in just being .
This year you graduated from the College of Utmost Cuteness with Honors ! Oh how you can charm the pants of anyone , talking so earnestly in that cute lispy baby way . You can pull of the Puss in Boots look faultlessly to your advantage , leaving us feeling warm and fuzzy but always with a nagging feeling that we are in some way being manipulated by this charm . You negotiate an extra cookie with simple but heart-warming comments like ‘ but you 're my favourite girl ! ' , how can I say no to anything after that !
You 're allergic to taking showers , loud noises and snotty-nosed babies . You are very single-minded and willful about your notions of how things should and should n't be . Pajamas should be worn precisely 5 minutes before bedtime . Toothbrush should be placed in the right holder . Broken crackers should n't be handed to kids . Sometimes I wonder where you get these qualities that make you so stubborn and unyielding . Who am I kidding , of course it 's your dad 's genes ! Just to detail how much effort goes into keeping you happy here is a sample of your dislikes – t-shirts with pockets , sand in shoes ( interestingly sand in hair , nose and mouth is OK ) , other people 's towels , yellow cups , a single drop of water on your shorts , warm food , jam sandwich folded up , jam sandwich not folded up , bruised bananas , waiting for food at the restaurant , cold swimming pools , the list goes on and on .
Despite all this need of a sense of order and cleanliness , you are awfully clumsy . This clumsiness however , for reasons unknown , is solely for my benefit and I ca n't say I am flattered . Playing with you means having to regularly shield myself from your unintended blows , head-butts , elbow jabs , knee rams and eye pokes . It seems being around me has a magical effect on your spine , it becomes all squidgy with your body just flopping over me . I have suspicion you think of yourself as being lighter than air . Either that or you see me as invincible , someone who has successfully birthed two babies ca n't possible get hurt right ?
You have a favourite everything – number , letter , animal , part of the body , side of the bed , corner for pooping , planet , superhero , song , book . For the better part of the year , your favourite colour was orange . You granted yourself exclusive rights over it . Not only did we have to deal with you only wearing orange t-shirts , eating only orange-looking fruits with orange cutlery but also with random orange objects mysteriously appearing in the house . It took a long time for the understanding that the ‘ if it 's my favourite it 's mine ' rule is not a socially acceptable norm , but we 're finally there !
You have intermittent love affairs with your toys , devoting yourself completely to one for days only to ruthlessly dump it in favour of another . With so many exciting toys , how can you be expected to stay committed to one ? Like a true blue playboy ( a boy who plays ! ) you sleep with whatever toy you fancy on any particular day . You 've also laughed in the face of this sign here , almost exclusively choosing toys with lethal levels of choking hazards . What can I say , you are thrill seeker like that .
Occasionally , you get so involved in play that you go on an acknowledgement strike , combined with selective mutism . I would have mistaken your lack of response to assume you have mastered the Buddhist Zen state of awareness of the present moment , if you had n't so miserably failed the keyword test . This ingenious test involves throwing in some keywords while trying to have a conversation with your toddler – nothing fancy , just simple words like ‘ ice cream ' , ‘ lollipop ' , ‘ candy ' , etc . Yeah , that was no Zen state !
Self-preservation is very high on your agenda . You 're not one to get into trouble , test gravity or expend too much energy . The tiniest bruise will be a cause of much distress and also an excuse to not shower for days ! If given a choice , you 'd rather spend all your time at home just being silly with your brother or playing with your Legos or Octonaut toys , than go out . Is it any surprise then that you belong to the I-don't-want-to-go-to-school club ?
You do n't like the idea of growing up and vehemently deny being a ‘ big boy ' . I do n't like it either and sometimes find myself wishing I had the power to freeze time just for a bit . For what it 's worth , you will always be the baby of the house .
PS- Sorry about the terrible haircuts I gave you this year ! And yes sweetheart , bread and chocolate bread rhymes 🙂
After much teasing earlier this week , Mortal Kombat 's all-inclusive XL edition is coming to PC , with a free “ MKXL Online Enhanced Beta ” running from right now until 6pm BST/10am PT on Monday , August 29 .
“ Over 10,000 of you voted , ” said co-creator Ed Boon following a recent Twitter poll that asked players where they 'd like to see the game to go next . “ Looks like you guys really want a PC MKXL and some character love/buffs ! We hear ya ! ” They then teased an image of a motherboard earlier this week , alongside a coded message which spelled out “ MKXLPC ” , before tweeting this earlier :
Download the Mortal Kombat XL for PC Beta for FREE here . Help us make it the best it can be ! https : //t.co/OLITe8DbFe pic.twitter.com/vXka6tFTjnAugust 26 , 2016
Kombat Pack number one—which PC players were treated to—brought with it the likes of Jason Voohees , Tanya , Tremor , and The Predator . Mortal Kombat XL includes that and the as yet unavailable on PC Kombat Pack 2 , which introduces Leatherface from the Texas Chainsaw Massacre , returning face Bo ' Rai Cho , newbie Triborg ( think Cyrax , Robot Smoke , and Sektor rolled into one ) , and the Alien xenomorph— the latter of which is easily the coolest of the lot .
If you fancy it , you can now head over to the Mortal Kombat X Steam page to sign up free-of-charge which will help developers NetherRealm “ test improved online gameplay and more , ” so reads an update .
The exceptionally large reptile was believed to have been shot after terrorising a town in the Northern Territory during the 1990s .
Jeida Francis , 23 , told the Northern Territory News that the deadly saltwater crocodile was caught in Manangoora , an outstation south-east of Darwin .
Mr Francis said that members of the community had seen others even bigger since the monster was shot .
`` It was massive . There were three huge ones out there . One of them is still out there at the moment , '' Mr Francis said .
`` It is pretty well fed , '' they said of the dead crocodile . `` It took two LandCruisers to pull it out . They have one croc that is still out there . They should be getting to this size by now . ''
Mr Francis said their aunt took the photograph .
However , their claims have been disputed by a Queensland man who has claimed that the photograph was taken just four years ago .
Chas Cole , from Katherine , said the image , which has become popular on the internet , came from Queensland .
`` It was a friend of mine , who was a structural engineer , who took the photo , '' they said .
`` It tangled themselves on the cables and drowned to death '' .
Mr Cole said their friend took the photo halfway between Normanton and Karumba in North Queensland .
`` He sent me an email and said , 'look at this ' . ''
The photograph has also appeared in the Cairns Post in December 2008 with a story claiming that the crocodile was shot in the Albert River , near the border with the Northern Territory .
SANTA CLARA , Calif. -- Kicker Robbie Gould , one of the first free agents signed by the San Francisco 49ers when coach Kyle Shanahan and general manager John Lynch took over in 2017 , will be around for at least one more season after they received the team 's franchise tag on Tuesday .
They are the first player to receive the franchise designation this offseason .
The 2019 franchise tag for punters and kickers is projected to be just more than $ 5 million on the one-year tender offer . That money would be fully guaranteed should Gould elect to sign it , and the two sides can continue working on a long-term deal until the July 15 deadline .
Highest FG Percentage : Past 3 Seasons Robbie Gould has made 82 of 85 field goals ( 96.5 percent ) over the past three seasons , the highest percentage in the NFL . They led the league in field goal percentage at 97.1 percent last season when they actually missed more extra points ( two ) than field goals ( one ) . Player Pct . Robbie Gould 96.5 % Justin Tucker 93.0 % Matt Bryant 90.7 % -- ESPN Stats & Information
Gould received the non-exclusive tag , meaning they can receive offers from other teams , but the 49ers can match any offer sheet they might sign .
Since 2009 , half of the 12 kickers that have received the franchise tag then have gone on to sign new contracts with the team that tagged them .
Before tagging Gould , the 49ers attempted to work out a long-term contract with him . Lynch said at Senior Bowl in January that the team was `` hopeful '' it would be able to re-sign Gould and acknowledged talks had been underway .
`` He 's kicked unbelievably for us , '' Lynch said . `` He 's been incredibly clutch for us . We 'd like to reward them for that . ''
But with the two sides unable to work out a deal , the Niners , who project to have more than $ 70 million in salary cap space , opted to use the tag in order to prevent Gould from leaving without a chance to match outside offers and/or receive compensation for him .
Gould is the first Niners player to be tagged since safety Dashon Goldson in 2012 and the first kicker the team has opted to give the designation since the tag 's inception .
Based on Gould 's productivity in two seasons with the team , it 's no surprise the Niners elected to retain control of their rights .
San Francisco signed Gould to a two-year , $ 4 million contract via free agency after he 'd converted all 10 of their field goals in 2016 for the New York Giants , where they resurfaced after being released by the Chicago Bears , where he 'd spent the first 11 years of their career .
Over the past two seasons , Robbie Gould has made 72-of-75 field goal attempts , and their 96 percent conversion rate is tops in the NFL . Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images
Gould quickly acclimated to the normally difficult kicking conditions at Levi 's Stadium and has been the most accurate kicker in the league since . Over the past two seasons , they have made 72 of 75 field goal attempts , and their 96 percent conversion rate is tops in the NFL with only the Baltimore Ravens and Los Angeles Rams attempting more field goals in that time .
All of that was enough to easily make Gould the Niners ' most important free agent in an offseason in which only a couple of fringe starters on offense and defense are set to hit the open market .
`` Of course we want Robbie back , '' Shanahan said at the end of the season . `` He 's been great for two years . It 's nice for a coach , that ... I 'm not thinking about them missing [ kicks ] at all . ''
Shanahan 's desire to keep Gould can be traced to previous teams he 's coached in which kicking has been a serious issue . In two seasons with Houston ( 2008-09 ) , the Texans made 76.9 percent of their field goal attempts , which ranked 28th in the NFL in that span . When Shanahan ran the Washington Redskins ' offense , they converted just 75.8 percent of field goals from 2010 to 2013 , the worst in the NFL in that period . In Shanahan 's one year in charge of Cleveland Browns ' offense , they were successful on just 78.1 percent of their attempts , also 28th in the NFL .
Combined , kickers on teams for which Shanahan called plays in their first seven years made 175 of 229 attempts -- a 76.4 percent conversion rate that would rank dead last in the NFL and well below the league average of 83.7 percent for those seven seasons .
The 49ers ' decision to tag Gould comes after a couple of months in which it seemed a reunion with the Bears could be in the offing for the kicker , whose family lives in Chicago during the season while they have stayed at a hotel near the 49ers ' facility .
While indicating they would be open to a Windy City reconciliation , Gould also expressed that staying in San Francisco would be a good thing .
`` It 's probably been the best two-year stretch I 've had in my career , one of the best in the history of the game , and that happens with a lot of great people , right ? '' Gould said after the season . `` ... It just kind of worked since I 've been here . And it 's been pretty easy . So , the organization checks a lot of boxes for me . ''
One 's a starving , militant rebel living in a post-apocalyptic world . The other is a fashion-forward teen thriving on a bright Orlando soundstage . What do they have in common ? One clearly versatile writer : Suzanne Collins .
Ever since reading The Hunger Games , I 've been intrigued by the fact that the same woman who wrote such a gritty , violent series also wrote for the fizzy , neon-colored sitcom Clarissa Explains It All ( and also for The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo , which I think is sort of underrated ) . Collins did n't create Clarissa , but I 'm sure they lived and breathed Clarissa while they worked for the show , just as they lived and breathed Katniss while writing the novels . We 'll learn about Collins ' journey from Clarissa to Katniss in the upcoming comic book about the author 's life , but for now , it 's fascinating to see ways in which the 90 's Nickelodeon hero could have inspired the very different teen who made Collins famous . Okay , all of this is a huge stretch , and it 's easier to think of ways they almost-might-be similar but are completely different , but here goes :
1 . Sam is totally Peeta ; Clifford is Gale .
Sweet , sensitive Sam keeps Clarissa looking on the bright side , no matter what dilemma of utmost importance she 's struggling with . Sam always asked Clarissa , “ What 's the worst that could happen ? ” ; Peeta , similarly , is just so incredibly good and tries to keep Katniss believing in humanity , even as actual atrocities are happening all around them . In the early years , Clarissa kept Sam firmly in the just-friends category and dated the gruffer and tougher Clifford Spleenhurfer , who in a Hunger Games love triangle would be the Gale character . Fun fact : Collins wrote the episode in which Sam first thought Clarissa was the perfect girl for them — awww !
2 . Both are bad-ass rebels .
Katniss risks their lives countless times to stand up to the Capitol . Clarissa gets arrested for protesting animal testing .
3 . Both are strategic masterminds .
When fighting for their life in the arena , Katniss has the uncanny ability to think a few steps ahead of opponents who are trying to kill them When Clarissa anticipated conflict , they programmed those super-cool computer games to help them form a plan of attack .
4 . They both have food issues .
So Katniss and the other denizens of Panem 's outer districts are seriously starving and constantly looking for sustenance — but Clarissa also had a bit of an obsession when it came to eating the foods they wanted . Them mother Janet was a hippy-dippy tofu enthusiast who only allowed healthy , nasty foods in the house . When Clarissa and their ginger brother Ferguson once have a chance to eat pizza , they attack it like deprived , ravenous animals .
5 . Both use the media for gain .
One of the central themes of the Hunger Games is the media 's potentially beneficial or destructive power over the masses . Clarissa , an aspiring journalist , used their position as editor-in-chief of the high school newspaper for good and bad , and they also fought the evil propaganda machine that was Ferguson 's public access show Boy Thoughts . Also in Clarissa , the influence of television was a constant , running theme .
6 . Both become unwitting fashion icons .
Katniss could n't care less about fashion , but their various , stunning outfits become instantly recognizable Panem-wide . Clarissa does care about them look quite a bit , but they want to be an individual — she 's not happy when others copy them style .
7 . Both frequently have surreal , worst-case-scenario visions .
Okay , so Katniss ' nightmares and awful hallucinations stem from evil jabberjays and real danger . Clarissa 's neurotic imagination was the best part of the show .
So case in point , Katniss and Clarissa really do n't have much in common aside from Suzanne Collins , but it 's fun to pretend that they do . What other commonalities can you find ? Who 's the better pet , Elvis or Buttercup ?
Follow Stephan on Twitter : @ stepephan
Read more :
On the Books Feb. 24 : Mark Zuckerberg the Comic Book Hero
A Navy sailor was sentenced to a year in prison for taking photos of classified areas inside a nuclear attack submarine despite their pleas that it was similar to how Hillary Clinton used a private server to send classified emails .
Kristian Saucier , of Arlington , Vermont , appeared in federal court in Bridgeport , Connecticut on Friday where a judge also ordered them to serve six months of home confinement with electronic monitoring during a three-year period of supervised release after the prison time .
They pleaded guilty in May to unauthorized detention of defense information and had faced five to six years in prison under federal sentencing guidelines .
Kristian Saucier , above , was a 22-year-old sailor on the USS Alexandria when they took photos of classified areas in the sub , they said to show them to their kids one day
Saucier was prosecuted more aggressively than other sailors caught doing the same thing , probably because they destroyed the evidence
Saucier admitted to taking six photos of classified areas inside the USS Alexandria in 2009 when it was in Groton and they were a 22-year-old machinist mate on the submarine .
The photos showed the nuclear reactor compartment , the auxiliary steam propulsion panel and the maneuvering compartment , prosecutors said .
Kristian Saucier 's attorneys tried working a Hillary Clinton angle , arguing that the Democratic presidential nominee had been 'engaging in acts similar to Mr. Saucier ' with information of much higher classification , according to US News .
Saucier was sentenced to one year in prison - their lawyers wanted probation
The filing said it would be 'unjust and unfair for Mr. Saucier to receive any sentence other than probation for a crime those more powerful than them will likely avoid , ' attorney Derrick Hogan wrote , according to the outlet .
Saucier took the photos knowing they were classified , but did so only to be able to show their family and future children what they did while they were in the Navy , their lawyers said .
They denied sharing the photos with any unauthorized recipient .
'It was a foolish mistake by a very young man , ' their lawyer , Greg Rinckey , said after the sentencing . 'It 's a very sad case because Kristian Saucier is a fine young man . We do n't believe this was really their true character . '
Saucier is expected to receive an 'other than honorable ' discharge from the Navy next month , Rinckey said . They are to report to prison on October 12 .
Saucier was sentenced to one year in prison and a $ 100 fine , along with six months home confinement , 100 hours of community service and a ban on owning guns , their legal team says .
The pictures were taken aboard the USS Alexandria , showing the nuclear reactor compartment , the auxiliary steam propulsion panel and the maneuvering compartment
Despite the seemingly harsh sentence , Rinckey said 'We 're very pleased . '
But they added , comparing the outcome to that of Clinton 's , 'It could be argued here that depending on what your name is , that 's the type of justice you get in the United States . '
A former sailor who worked with Saucier , Gene Pitcher , told Politico , ' I just do n't think it 's fair . In reality , what [ Clinton ] did is so much worse than what Kris did . ... I think it 's just a blatant double standard . '
Experts have said that Saucier was prosecuted more aggressively than they would have been if they had n't destroyed evidence , including a laptop , camera and memory card
They added that they had seen other sailors get in trouble for taking photos , but that they usually just lost pay or rank , and Saucier is the only one he 's seen prosecuted .
'Felony charges appear to be reserved for people of the lowest ranks . Everyone else who does it either do n't get charged or gets charged with a misdemeanor , ' Edward MacMahon , a Virginia defense attorney not involved in the Saucier case , told Politico .
A big difference in the two cases , experts point out , is that Clinton 's material was not marked classified when they sent it , whereas Saucier admitted they knew the places they photographed were classified , said the outlet .
Part of the reason Saucier may have been treated so aggressively is the way they handled being found out - initially denying he 'd taken any pictures , and then destroying their laptop computer , a camera and a memory card after an interview with the FBI in 2012 .
The German Finance Ministry ruled that Bitcoin is a “ unit of account ” , and therefore 'mining ' them is a form of “ money creation ” .
This means that , like stocks or shares , any profit from them is subject to Germany 's capital gains tax , at 25pc – unless they are held for more than a year , according to German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung .
However , the ruling may prove difficult to enforce , as Bitcoin are traded anonymously , and therefore can not be traced .
In June , America 's Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) said it was examining the use of virtual currencies such as bitcoins amid fears that Americans are using them to evade taxes .
In future , taxpayers could be forced to disclose to the IRS whether they are using PayPal accounts for the virtual transfer of money , according to Victor Lessoff , director of the IRS .
Last month , Thailand became the first country to ban bitcoins after the central bank ruled it is not a currency .
The ruling means it is illegal to buy and sell bitcoins , buy or sell any goods or services in exchange for bitcoins , send any bitcoins to anyone outside of Thailand , or receive bitcoins from anyone outside the country .
Launched in 2009 in the wake of the global financial crisis , bitcoins are `` mined '' using complex computer source code . The virtual currency started as a relatively niche method of payment , devised by an anonymous programmer , but can now be used for anything from online gambling to pizza delivery .
Well , that was fast : Less than a day after Google revealed its newly created parent company , Alphabet , its website has been barred in China .
The Alphabet website is still bare-bones , featuring little more than a note from former Google CEO Larry Page explaining the change and a link to Google 's investor relations page . But China 's notorious firewall has already gobbled it up , despite extensive coverage of the company 's unveiling in Chinese media , including the Communist Party 's official newspaper , People 's Daily .
On Monday , Page made a surprise announcement in a blog post . To better streamline Google 's projects–many of which now stray far from its core product–Page said they and cofounder Sergey Brin were starting a new company , called Alphabet , which would act as an umbrella under which Google and its other initiatives would fall .
“ This newer Google is a bit slimmed down , with the companies that are pretty far afield of our main Internet products contained in Alphabet instead , ” Page wrote in their post .
Sundar Pichai , Google 's former SVP of products , is taking over as the company 's CEO , as Page and Brin will now be at the helm of Alphabet .
Tom Morello performs at a rally for Walmart workers – By Jeff Monahan Look , I 'm not a big fan of corporations , but as an American I understand how important they 've been to the economic growth of our nation . I know it goes against the grain a li …
– By Jeff Monahan
Look , I 'm not a big fan of corporations , but as an American I understand how important they 've been to the economic growth of our nation . I know it goes against the grain a little to say that to a union audience , but I can at least recognize the benefits of corporate structure . What I ca n't stand is the transparent corporate blabber they spit out and expect everyone to take at face value . It assumes the audience is oblivious . It conceals the truth . It takes advantage of their prominence . Sure , there is no law against doing so , but just because you can do something does n't mean you should , but supporters of corporations love to take a “ do n't hate the player , hate the game ” type of attitude .
Take Walmart , for example . I understand their goal is to have the lowest prices anywhere . That 's a good goal – no one wants to pay more than they have to . But do n't go claiming that your mission is to create opportunities so people can live better and then sack your employees when they try to organize . I understand that negotiating with unionized employees can increase costs sometimes , but Walmart has to explain how refusing to recognize a union “ helps people live better ” at the same time . You ca n't have your cake and eat it too .
Walmart is the world 's biggest employer , after the US and Chinese military . With two million employees around the world , it 's the biggest private sector employer and the biggest retailer . Surely the easiest way to “ help people live better ” is to pay them properly , as the CEO of rival retailer Costco argues . Walmart pays poverty wages and is notoriously anti-union . A new wave of industrial unrest is challenging this : Walmart is the front line in the battle against low wages .
Walmart 's environmental goals are transparent as well . 100 % powered by renewable energy ? Zero waste ? Oh yeah ? By when , Walmart ? This is a classic example of a company trying to look good to the public without anyone holding them accountable . They know that no one is going to call them out on it so they 'll make every bland , broad promise they can . Every company would probably like to buy all of its power from renewable sources , and every company would love to create zero waste too . It takes a special commitment to come out and set a measurable goal that can definitively be accomplished by a certain date . Walmart 's third “ goal ” is just as indeterminate and broad as the first two : “ to sell products that sustain people and the environment. ” This is a no-brainer statement . Tell me something I do n't know , Walmart .
Within Walmart 's sustainability plan , they state that they want to help farmers in developing countries build business that positively affects their communities . Yet they are opposed to any form of union , even ones that may positively affect communities within the U.S. On another section of the site , Walmart proudly outlines its involvement in the Global Women 's Economic Empowerment Initiative , an admirable cause , but hidden in the details below a picture of Indian women is a disclaimer stating that they will not accept proposals from international women 's initiatives , which would , for example , include a country like India .
It 's not the website that bothers me , and it 's not even the self-flattering images they use to depict their “ goals. ” It 's the underlying assumption that we are too dumb to realize what 's really going on here . It 's the hoping that they can put up this façade and people wo n't ask questions about what is going on underneath the surface .
It 's hard to see a tangible difference every day in an international movement , but we can notice the differences we make as individuals each day if we learn how to spot bogus statements from a corporation and remain skeptical of them . It is hard to make our voices heard , but remaining together in thought is solidarity as well – it does not always have to be depicted in protests and picket lines . It takes time but eventually everyone who exploits those in a weaker position will be held accountable .
Photo by OURWalmart
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License
A federal case that questions how Foxborough police handle intoxicated eventgoers could go to trial in the fall .
A federal case challenging the constitutionality of the way Foxborough police officers handle intoxicated eventgoers at Gillette Stadium could go to trial in September .
Lawyers for both sides jointly requested a trial date be set on or after Sept. 14 , after US District Court Judge Douglas P. Woodlock recently denied motions from both parties asking them to rule in their favor without a jury trial .
The lawsuit , filed in 2012 against the town and Police Chief Edward T. O'Leary , alleges that the practice by Foxborough police of placing intoxicated , but not incapacitated , people into protective custody violates state law and the Fourth Amendment 's prohibition of unreasonable searches and seizures .
Advertisement
Public drunkenness stopped being a crime in Massachusetts after state law was amended in 1971 . Police officers , however , may take intoxicated people into protective custody if they are determined to be unconscious , in need of medical attention , disorderly , or likely to cause harm to self or property .
Get Fast Forward in your inbox : A look at the news and events shaping the day ahead , delivered every weekday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Douglas I. Louison , a Boston lawyer defending the town and O'Leary , said their clients deny the allegations that police working Gillette Stadium events violated anyone 's civil rights or acted unconstitutionally .
Previous attempts by the town to issue fines for public intoxication in response to the frequent number of incidents stemming from Gillette Stadium events have been rejected by the state attorney general 's office .
Although filed as a class-action lawsuit that would have covered incidents at the stadium dating back three years from the date of the filing , and potentially affected more than 1,000 people , the case has not been certified as such by the court , said David Milton , one of the Boston lawyers representing the three plaintiffs in the lawsuit . A fourth plaintiff was originally involved , but has withdrawn for personal reasons , Milton said .
The remaining plaintiffs — Maine residents Paul Weldner and Lindsey Schmidt , and Michael Burgess of Massachusetts — were taken into protective custody by police at three separate concerts at Gillette Stadium in 2011 and 2012 . All three said that they drank alcohol before the start of the concerts , but were not incapacitated .
Advertisement
Weldner was part of a group of about 50 people from Portland who traveled together on a bus to see Bruce Springsteen perform on Aug. 18 , 2012 , according to court records . On their way to the stadium entrance , Weldner tripped while trying to avoid the crowded sidewalk . Two police officers then placed them into protective custody , where they were held for 6½ hours , according to the suit .
Schmidt was put into protective custody after stumbling in their new cowboy boots on their way to the New England Country Music Festival on Aug. 25 , 2012 , and was held for more than three hours , according to court records .
Burgess , a police officer in another Massachusetts town , was placed in protective custody as they made their way to the New England Country Music Festival on Aug. 27 , 2011 . A police officer approached and asked Burgess whether they had been drinking , then had them blow into an alcohol-screening machine . Burgess was held for about nine hours , according to the lawsuit .
They are seeking unspecified monetary damages , and to have the town 's policy align with state and federal constitutional law , Milton said .
In addition to setting the date for the trial in Boston 's federal court , Woodlock will also determine its parameters .
Advertisement
The plaintiffs ' attorneys believe there should be one trial that would take about 10 days ; lawyers for the town and police chief believe it should be a two-phase trial , taking a total of seven days .
Clarification : An earlier version of this story included a reference that made it unclear when the trial would start . The trial is expected to begin on Sept. 14 or later .
Katheleen Conti can be reached at kconti @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ GlobeKConti
Mayor John Tory 's first 100 days in office have been marked by an unprecedented flurry of activity and announcements from a politician who revels in outworking everyone around him . Their days begin just as the security guards open city hall and end after most of their peers are safely tucked in bed .
Rarely has such a dizzying display of municipal machinery created such calm over a metropolis .
Here they are skating at the city hall rink ; hamming it up on This Hour Has 22 Minutes , laughing at himself ; getting serious with scofflaws ; rushing up to Ottawa to meet the PM ; hosting mayors from across the country ; convening various departments to find a way to coordinate major events so the whole city does n't come to a standstill ; chiding city staff for barring Uber taxis and failing to enter the 21st century ; lamenting how the library can track overdue books but the city ca n't map frozen water pipes . . .
There they are , berating inconsiderate boobs who stop and park on arterial roads during rush hour . And ordering them fined and towed .
“ He 's done a lot , ” says Deputy Mayor Denzil Minnan-Wong . “ No one can say he 's in their office doing their fantasy football pools . ”
There are no more whispers of late-night drunken parties inside the mayor 's second-floor office .
Toronto feels like a different place . American late-night comedians must go elsewhere for embarrassingly easy material .
Toronto 's municipal makeover is only beginning , but already , 100 days into their term as mayor , Tory has changed the global narrative about their city . Shut it down , in fact .
Despite the whirly-burly , Energizer-bunny frenetic schedule that frequently takes them outside of city hall to the far reaches of the city , the result is a reassuring calm that has descended on Hog Town .
And spitting mad about cost overruns on the subway extension to Vaughan .
And city staff must be alert at briefing sessions , because the mayor actually reads the reports .
City Hall security guards are back to fighting off boredom . The media encampment outside the mayor 's office is a fading memory .
“ I 'm thoroughly enjoying it , ” says Councillor Gary Crawford , sounding nothing like a budget chief nervous about seeking nearly $ 10-billion worth of spending approvals from city council this week .
“ There is a different tone around here , ” Crawford says .
“ Far more calm , ” adds Councillor Paula Fletcher . “ Welcome calm . Focus on work . Being available . Attentive to the city . There 's a steep learning curve , but they want to do the right thing . ”
Tory says they had two urgent priorities entering city hall as mayor last Dec. 1 — the first to be elected mayor without first serving as a city councillor .
They had to rekindle the spark in the civic workforce , because they felt beaten up and worn down from the public spectacle that was the Rob and Doug Ford show .
Secondly , they had to restore the public 's confidence in their city .
The most common comments they say they get on the street are along the lines of , “ Thanks for restoring my sense of pride about my city , ” for bringing sanity to city hall .
Some polls suggest nearly two in three Torontonians approve of the job they are doing .
The numbers might have been higher had they not delayed action on one election promise and outright broken a second one . First , Tory said they needed data before moving to privatize garbage collection in the eastern half of the city ( where it is still collected by city workers ) . Then , they raised transit fares , contrary to their campaign promise .
The fares needed to go up because the TTC was in worse shape than they imagined . Former mayor Rob Ford cut back bus routes to the suburbs so drastically that they had to restore some of them , Tory said . The fare hike went to repair the damage .
As a sop , children under 12 now ride the transit system free .
Tory came to office boasting about their great working relationship with Premier Kathleen Wynne . They get along famously , yes . But it has n't earned Tory any favours yet .
Wynne is still dumping housing costs of $ 86 million on the city this year . And when Tory suggested both sides were working on a fix , Wynne pulled out the carpet from under him , leaving them red-faced and scrambling to borrow money from the city 's reserves to fill the hole .
Then , displaying that they have a lot to learn about the city , and the many minefields that exist everywhere , Tory was caught offguard by another provincial bill for shared infrastructure .
Asked if they are chastened by the rebuff , Tory deflected the question : “ I have a better understanding of how big the task is . ”
The province and federal governments have definite fiscal challenges , they said . Still , they will have to deal with the reality that Toronto is the country 's largest city and has unique issues and needs .
“ I 've just started . I 've just begun the task of convincing them . I 'm not going away . ”
The next hundred days will tell us even more about Tory and the underpinnings of their administration . The city will replace its city manager , the head of the civic workforce ; and the police service board will choose a new chief . Tory 's imprint will be on both decisions . Few will question their choice of city manager ; many are hanging on their influence over who will be new chief .
Considering their workload , Tory might have been wiser to leave the explosive police file to a designate on the board . Instead , they jumped right in and will be blamed or lauded for the choice to replace Bill Blair .
“ The police chief ? They ca n't screw that up . It will be part of their legacy , ” said Councillor Fletcher .
At city hall , Tory has totally transformed the working environment . They hold news conferences regularly so media do n't have to chase them around town . They treat city council with respect . But Tory made one huge gaffe in picking their executive committee , the inner circle that has their ear . They failed to put a single “ progressive ” councillor on the team . Council 's political left was shut out .
Councillor Maria Augimeri says Tory has a long way to go to restore their faith .
“ He left a bad taste in my mouth , ” they said , adding they had bought their talk about inclusiveness , only to have them reject people like them
“ It 's like a form of racism , being rejected for your politics . It hurts . John Tory left a lot of talent by the wayside . That 's a damn shame . They have to wear that . We are good people . ”
Apparently , the mayor is a quick study . They like to close gaps , fix problems . They have a year to fix the hole in Augimeri 's heart .
Royson James usually appears Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday . Email : rjames @ thestar.ca
Spacecraft Monitoring Martian Dust Storm
This nearly global mosaic of observations made by the Mars Color Imager on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter on Nov. 18 , 2012 , shows a dust storm in Mars ' southern hemisphere . Image credit : NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS › Full image and caption
Mars Status Report
PASADENA , Calif. -- A Martian dust storm that NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has been tracking since last week has also produced atmospheric changes detectable by rovers on Mars .
Using the orbiter 's Mars Color Imager , Bruce Cantor of Malin Space Science Systems , San Diego , began observing the storm on Nov. 10 , and subsequently reported it to the team operating NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity . The storm came no closer than about 837 miles ( 1,347 kilometers ) from Opportunity , resulting in only a slight drop in atmospheric clarity over that rover , which does not have a weather station .
Halfway around the planet from Opportunity , the NASA Mars rover Curiosity 's weather station has detected atmospheric changes related to the storm . Sensors on the Rover Environmental Monitoring Station ( REMS ) , which was provided for Curiosity by Spain , have measured decreased air pressure and a slight rise in overnight low temperature .
`` This is now a regional dust storm . It has covered a fairly extensive region with its dust haze , and it is in a part of the planet where some regional storms in the past have grown into global dust hazes , '' said Rich Zurek , chief Mars scientist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. `` For the first time since the Viking missions of the 1970s , we are studying a regional dust storm both from orbit and with a weather station on the surface . ''
Curiosity 's equatorial location and the sensors on REMS , together with the daily global coverage provided by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , provide new advantages compared with what Viking offered with its combination of orbiters and landers . The latest weekly Mars weather report from the orbiter 's Mars Color Imager is at http : //www.msss.com/msss_images/2012/11/21/ .
Each Martian year lasts about two Earth years . Regional dust storms expanded and affected vast areas of Mars in 2001 and 2007 , but not between those years nor since 2007 .
`` One thing we want to learn is why do some Martian dust storms get to this size and stop growing , while others this size keep growing and go global , '' Zurek said .
From decades of observing Mars , scientists know there is a seasonal pattern to the largest Martian dust-storm events . The dust-storm season began just a few weeks ago , with the start of southern-hemisphere spring .
Starting on Nov. 16 , the Mars Climate Sounder instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter detected a warming of the atmosphere at about 16 miles ( 25 kilometers ) above the storm . Since then , the atmosphere in the region has warmed by about 45 degrees Fahrenheit ( 25 degrees Celsius ) . This is due to the dust absorbing sunlight at that height , so it indicates the dust is being lofted well above the surface and the winds are starting to create a dust haze over a broad region .
Warmer temperatures are seen not only in the dustier atmosphere in the south , but also in a hot spot near northern polar latitudes due to changes in the atmospheric circulation . Similar changes affect the pressure measured by Curiosity even though the dust haze is still far away .
Besides the research value in better understanding storm behavior , monitoring the storm is also important for Mars rover operations . If the storm were to go global , the Opportunity rover would be affected most . More dust in the air or falling onto its solar panels would reduce the solar-powered rover 's energy supply for daily operations . Curiosity is powered by a radioisotope thermoelectric generator , rather than solar cells . The main effects of increased dust in the air at its site would be haze in images and increased air temperature .
JPL , a division of the California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , manages the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project and both of the Mars rover projects for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington .
For more information about the missions of NASA 's Mars Exploration Program , visit http : //marsprogram.jpl.nasa.gov/ .
Guy Webster / D.C. Agle 818-354-5011
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Guy.Webster @ jpl.nasa.gov / agle @ jpl.nasa.gov
2012-366
Just when you thought you 'd seen it all… Excuse me for a moment while I climb atop my soap box . * Taps Mic * Check ? Is this thing on ? Okay .
This was sent to me by a friend this morning and , after I opened it , I just sat staring at it . I could see it was a Craigslist ad , that much was evident , but I had to keep reading it over and over because the words just would not register . I knew they were English , and complete sentences were formed , but what it was asking went beyond my means of comprehension .
At first , I thought it was a joke . Then I realized , it was n't . Then I said a very very bad word .
What in the world is going on here ! ?
Has our beloved photography industry fallen into some sort of alternate reality akin to “ The Twilight Zone ? ” I quite often feel like little David , whose ride home from the dentist went viral on YouTube as they ask , “ Is this real life ? ” We have reached a point in our industry where reality has merged with something off SNL .
And we have ourselves to blame for this . We saw the pendulum swinging and we should have seen where it was headed . We sat back in workshops and listened to photographers turned motivational speakers tell us that it 's easy ; that with their help we could follow our dreams . We saw the shortcuts to success fly off the shelves . We watched hordes of photographers make money off the masses by selling the dream , and we did nothing .
Sure , some of us raised our hand and questioned the insanity that was being peddled to naive individuals , but many lowered their hands just as quickly when they were assigned unflattering labels such as : negative , Old School or cranky .
And we lowered our hands and our voices to the peril of an industry . We stopped demanding accountability , because of those that told us just to “ mind our own businesses. ” We were reprimanded and told to “ focus on yourself and not others. ” We were labeled “ haters ” when we spoke up and insisted that those peddling the label of “ professional photographer ” actually create businesses worthy of the title .
And when we did that , when we allowed ourselves to be silenced , you know what happened…THIS ! ( Here 's a blown up version in case you could n't read the text at the top )
Folks , this is OUR industry . Yes , I said “ our. ” It does not belong to this Craigslist advertiser ; it does not belong to the industry leader who plagiarizes and/or steals ; it does not belong to the inexperienced guy or gal who tries to pass off stock photos as their own in the hopes of gaining fame . This industry does not belong to them .
Why ? Because they are not worthy of it .
This incredible industry many of us have been privileged to work in all our lives has been sullied by the likes of folks who could care less about it . In much the same way Homer Simpson views popcorn as simply the delivery system for the butter , they view photography as the delivery system to fast money and appearance of fame and celebrity .
In order to be worthy of something precious , you have to take care of it , love it , go out of your way before you allow harm to befall it . You have to honor it . And you have to speak up for it .
So , the question becomes , are we too far gone to come back from this ? Have we reached a point of no return where “ I 'm a photographer ” is now a punchline for a very poor joke ?
I do n't believe that , not for a minute , because a pendulum is capable of swinging both ways . And once it 's gone as far left as it can , there 's only one place for it to go … and that 's back toward the middle . But the pendulum needs a push . It needs thousands of hands that are willing to guide it back where it belongs .
If we are n't willing to raise our hands and play a hand in taking OUR industry back to a place of honor and integrity , then we better be prepared for more Craigslist advertisements like this one . If we are n't willing to call out those that make a mockery of our industry , then we become part of the problem .
I , for one , am proud to push the pendulum . I hope you join me .
( Note : If you read this column and rolled your eyes at how preachy it is , I 'm totally good with that . )
The drama , which aired from June to October 2013 , tackles gay relationships
Published 2:34 PM , October 14 , 2014
MANILA , Philippines – GMA 7 's most talked about drama My Husband 's Lover earned a nomination under the telenovela category in the International Emmy Awards , according to its website .
The show , which aired from June to October 2013 , tells the story of Lally ( Carla Abellana ) , who discovers that their husband Vincent ( Tom Rodriguez ) is gay and is in a relationship with Eric ( Dennis Trillo ) .
My Husband 's Lover will compete with shows such as 30 Lives : Maxim Bouchard ( Canada ) , Belmonte ( Portugal ) and Precious Pearl ( Brazil ) .
The event will be held on November 24 at the Hilton Hotel , New York , according to Deadline .
The show is written by Suzette Doctolero and directed by Dominic Zapanta . – Rappler.com
Device Art — the real art of product design
An irregular round-up of creative coding inspirations and disruptions in advertising , social , urban play and human computer interaction .
George Gally Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 15 , 2017
Device art is a playful subversion of product design , born out of Japan at the end of the last century . A way of taking everyday objects and subverting their use for artistic pleasure .
It 's an exciting and brilliant space , that innovates and subverts , without take technology or itself too seriously . A growing discipline that will become only more prevalent in art as technology enables artists to express themselves like never before .
No conversation on device art would be complete without first mentioning Professor Hiroo Iwata , who not only heavily influenced most of the artists in the scene , but also taught and mentored many of them .
So let 's kick off with two of my favourite of their projects , pretty relevant today with all the AR stuff that is happening :
Robot Tiles , a floor that moves to keep you stationary :
http : //www.popsci.com/scitech/article/2009-09/video-japans-robot-tiles-create-infinite-walkway
And another goody . The Floating Eye , separating vision from the body :
Building on Iwata 's concept , UK artist Marc Owens built the Avatar machine , a wearable system which replicates the aesthetic of third person gaming :
Here 's how it works : http : //electronics.howstuffworks.com/gadgets/high-tech-gadgets/avatar-machine.htm
Also check out some of Marc 's Da Vinci Alarm Clock as another example of beautiful device art .
http : //cargocollective.com/marcowens/
Maywa Denki :
Another big name in device art in Japan . Maywa Denki is an art troupe dressed as salaryman engineers and build mostly musical products they refer to as nonsense machines .
Here 's a quick intro to some of their nonsense :
They also invented the amazing Zihotoch , the anti-smartwatch :
http : //inventorspot.com/zihotch_no_dial_plate
And you got ta love their analogue machine band :
http : //laughingsquid.com/the-wonderfully-whimsical-instruments-of-the-maywa-denki-art-group/
A quite detailed explanation of some of their bizarre inventions :
Touchy — the Human Camera
Built by Eric Siu , a Hong Kong media artist , Touchy is a device that renders the user blind until someone touches you . And if they touch you for an extended period of time it takes a picture of you :
Hahn robotic beer holder
A good and viral example of device art and robotics in advertising :
Nicodama , empathizing with ordinary objects around us :
Another big name in device art is Ryota Kuwakubo . Nicodama is a super simple device that turns any object into a face , and allows us to empathize with it , hankering back to ancient Japanese culture where objects were considered to have a spirit :
http : //www.body-pixel.com/2010/02/19/nicodama-put-your-eyes-everywhere/
The SiliFulin is a robot tail that moves in reaction to your movements :
https : //techcrunch.com/2010/04/01/the-silifulin-is-a-robot-tail-for-humans-video/
My favourite of all their pieces has to be the Video Bulb :
I 've always loved the simplicity and magic of this device , which connects to the analogue input of your TV and plays a simple pixel animation . Done many years before stuff like Arduino was even around :
As a bonus , here 's an interview with Kuwakubo san at their lab :
Necomimi wearable ears :
Probably one of the most famous pieces of device art are Necomimi wearable ears :
Tomoko Ueyama 's Watashi-chan :
A waistcoat that listens and reacts to sounds around you :
http : //www.body-pixel.com/2010/02/13/interview-with-tomoko-ueyama-i-want-my-body-to-hear-more/
Cadbury did something similar with the Joy Jacket :
Digioxide , a Portable Pollution Sniffer :
And finally , the great work of Dmitry Morozov . Digioxide is a portable device equipped with sensors that measures air pollution and dust particles , transforming the data into generative art , and printing it out as a “ snapshot ” of your surrounding environment :
http : //thecreatorsproject.vice.com/blog/this-device-sniffs-out-pollution-and-turns-it-into-digital-art
Also check out their pretty cool tattoo controller : https : //creators.vice.com/en_us/article/4xqdng/artist-turns-tattoo-into-an-experimental-instrument
File photo
Cape Town - A dying teenage girl , who was raped and brutally mutilated , identified one of their alleged attackers shortly before they died in hospital . Anine Booysen , 17 , was found in the industrial area of Bredasdorp in the Southern Cape , in the early hours of Saturday morning .
They had been raped - possibly gang-raped .
A 22-year-old man , Jonathan Quinton Davids , appeared in the Bredasdorp Magistrate 's Court on charges of rape and murder on Tuesday . They were remanded in custody until Tuesday .
Police said on Wednesday that they are hunting for more suspects .
Booysen was found between 3am and 4am , at a building site east of the town centre .
Police were told they had earlier been at a pub or shebeen .
A source in the town said Booysen had been sliced open from their stomach to their genital area , and their internal organs and insides had been “ hanging out ” .
“ It was one of the most gruesome things you can imagine - especially for a small platteland town , ” the source said , asking not to be named .
Police and paramedics were soon on the scene .
In the hours that followed , they were taken to three hospitals - the town 's Otto du Plessis hospital , then the main hospital in Worcester , and finally Tygerberg hospital - but doctors were not able to save them
Before they died , at around 10pm , the girl had named one of the suspects who was later arrested , said police spokesperson FC van Wyk .
Booysen 's mother had been at their side when they died .
Hospital staff had to receive debriefing counselling , “ because the girl 's injuries were so horrific ” , said the Health Department 's Faiza Steyn .
Cape Argus
Oklahoma QB Baker Mayfield is crowned with the 2017 Heisman Trophy , and Mayfield expresses what the award means to them and credits their team for getting them to this point . ( 4:57 )
Since the NCAA began allowing athletic scholarships in 1950 , no player to win the Heisman Trophy had started their career as a walk-on .
Baker Mayfield changed that Saturday night .
Mayfield , the Oklahoma quarterback whose storybook saga began with them walking on at Texas Tech , captured the 83rd Heisman in a landslide victory .
Editor 's Picks Baker Mayfield 's unconventional route to the Heisman Baker Mayfield , the former walk-on who became a star quarterback at Oklahoma and led the Sooners to the College Football Playoff , was awarded the Heisman Trophy on Saturday . `` It 's a dream right now , '' they said .
The trash-talking , flag-planting , TD-making genius of Baker Mayfield has been infuriating and iconic . Even their opponents , who should despise him , ca n't help but respect and be in awe of him . 1 Related
Mayfield collected 732 first-place votes and 2,398 points in the voting totals . Stanford running back Bryce Love was second with 1,300 points ( 75 first-place votes ) . Louisville quarterback Lamar Jackson , last year 's Heisman winner , was third with 793 ( 47 ) .
Mayfield yielded the third-highest percentage of possible points received ( 86 percent ) since 1950 , behind only Ohio State 's Troy Smith ( 2006 ) and Oregon 's Marcus Mariota ( 2014 ) .
Mayfield became the first senior to win the Heisman since Smith in 2006 . Earlier in the week , they won the Davey O'Brien ( best quarterback ) and Maxwell ( player of the year ) awards . The Associated Press and Walter Camp also both named them their player of the year .
`` This is unbelievable for me , being up here among these greats , '' Mayfield said upon receiving the award with past Heisman winners standing behind him . `` It 's something that words ca n't even describe . God has put me in this position that I 'm so blessed , and a lot of times I wonder why . But it 's such an honor to be up here . It 's unbelievable . ''
Baker Mayfield garnered the third-highest percentage of possible points ( 86 percent ) in the Heisman voting since 1950 . Todd J . Van Emst/USA TODAY Sports
Mayfield has put together one of the most impressive individual offensive seasons in the game 's history and , in the process , led Oklahoma to the College Football Playoff for the second time in three years . The Sooners will open the playoff against Georgia in the Rose Bowl on New Year 's Day .
Mayfield has completed 71 percent of their passes and thrown for 4,340 yards and 41 touchdowns with only five interceptions . They are averaging 11.8 yards per passing attempt , which would shatter the FBS record that they set last season .
With Mayfield running the show , the Sooners have posted the highest offensive efficiency rating since ESPN began tracking the metric in 2005 . Since Mayfield took over as Oklahoma 's starting quarterback in 2015 , the Sooners have led the FBS in points per game , offensive touchdowns , yards per game and yards per play the past three seasons .
This season , Mayfield became the 10th player in FBS history to throw for 14,000 yards in a career . They are the first of those to rush for 1,000 yards as well . They also moved ahead of former Oklahoma quarterback and Heisman winner Sam Bradford for the FBS record for career passing efficiency .
Heisman Trophy Voting Voting for the 2017 Heisman Trophy , with first- , second- and third-place votes and total points ( voting on 3-2-1 basis ) : Player 1st 2nd 3rd Total Mayfield , OU 732 87 28 2,398 Love , Stanford 75 421 233 1,300 Jackson , L'ville 47 197 258 793 Barkley , PSU 15 73 113 304 Penny , SDSU 7 37 80 175 Taylor , Wisc . 2 7 38 58 Rudolph , OK St. 2 14 22 56 Milton , UCF 4 11 20 54 Johnson , Auburn 0 14 17 45 Smith , Georgia 3 11 7 38
Mayfield became just the fifth player -- and joined Georgia 's Herschel Walker as only the second in 68 years -- to finish in the top four of the Heisman voting three times . The other three to do so , SMU 's Doak Walker , Army 's Glenn Davis and Army 's Doc Blanchard , achieved the feat during the 1940s . Before Mayfield , Blanchard was the only Heisman winner to transfer from one FBS-level program to another . Blanchard played at North Carolina before joining Army .
Mayfield gave Oklahoma its sixth Heisman winner , which moves the Sooners into a tie with USC for the third-most all time ( not including Reggie Bush 's vacated 2005 Heisman ) . Alongside Heisman winners Billy Vessels , Steve Owens , Billy Sims , Jason White and Bradford , Oklahoma will soon erect a statue of Mayfield in its Heisman Park , which sits just to the east of Oklahoma 's Memorial Stadium .
`` It 's been a dream come true to play at OU , '' Mayfield said . `` Although I grew up in Austin , Texas , I was always Sooner-born and Sooner-bred . And you know , they say , 'When I die , I 'll be Sooner-dead , ' and I truly mean that . It 's been a dream for me . And it 's an honor to represent my school . ''
After they won the starting job as a walk-on true first-year student at Texas Tech , Mayfield bolted for Oklahoma . They showed up in Norman in 2014 without an invitation from then-coach Bob Stoops , much less the promise of a scholarship . But Mayfield grew up a Sooners fan living in Austin , Texas , and wanted to see if they could make it at their `` dream school . ''
Then , after sitting out the first season as an ineligible transfer , Mayfield beat incumbent Trevor Knight for the starting job . In 2015 , they led Oklahoma to the playoff on their way to posting a 34-5 career record with the Sooners .
`` There 's a lot of people who put effort into this . Coach Stoops , you welcomed a chubby , unathletic kid into the program with open arms , '' Mayfield said . `` I would n't say that many would do that , but thank you . ''
Mayfield 's Heisman season , however , did n't come without obstacles and controversy that they mostly created for themselves and had to overcome .
In the early morning of Feb. 25 , Mayfield was arrested in Fayetteville , Arkansas , on charges of public intoxication , disorderly conduct , resisting arrest and fleeing . A month later , police released dash-cam video of Mayfield attempting to run away from the scene before officers tackled them into a wall . Mayfield agreed to a plea deal that eliminated the resisting-arrest charge . After Oklahoma 's first spring practice , they spoke publicly for almost a half hour , noting that they realized they had `` let down '' many people .
Twice during the season , Mayfield 's on-field antics stirred up controversy as well .
Following one of the biggest wins of their career , a 31-16 victory over Ohio State on Sept. 9 , Mayfield planted an Oklahoma flag at midfield of Ohio Stadium . Two days later , they apologized , saying they `` did n't mean for it to be disrespectful . ''
Mayfield also apologized after grabbing their crotch and cursing at the Kansas sideline on Nov. 18 . In turn , coach Lincoln Riley suspended Mayfield from starting the final home game of their career and temporarily stripped them of their captain status . But after they sat out the first series , Mayfield passed for three touchdowns in the victory over West Virginia .
The following week , they passed for another four scores to propel the Sooners past TCU in the Big 12 championship game , which effectively punched Oklahoma 's ticket to the playoff -- and clinched the Heisman for Mayfield .
Mayfield said Saturday night that Riley 's hiring in June `` changed my life . ''
`` Coach Riley , you 've been a great mentor to me , '' Mayfield said . `` We 've been through a lot together , so I appreciate you . ''
Speaking today at the University of Tennessee 's Board of Trustees meeting , Chancellor Jimmy Cheek spoke to the rumor surrounding an incident in fall camp between Butch Jones and a player :
Statement from UT Chancellor Jimmy Cheek today during Board of Trustees proceedings regarding @ UTCoachJones : pic.twitter.com/eahYd5Ih9a — John Brice ( @ John_BriceVQ ) October 8 , 2015
Hart is UT 's A.D. A source told me UT talked to Butch Jones , coaches and players about the alleged incident and found it to be unfounded — Jimmy Hyams ( @ JimmyHyams ) October 8 , 2015
While not a public response , this response is obviously being made public and shows Tennessee has investigated the reported incident , believes Jones is in the clear , and is moving forward in full support of its head coach . I do n't know if this was or was n't the very best way for the university to handle it , but I do believe this response is better than silence since Jones was asked about the rumored incident in Monday 's press conference .
As a tumultuous season has led to an even more so week , hopefully this helps Team 119 and the entire program put things behind them and move forward to focus on the challenge at hand as Georgia comes to Knoxville Saturday afternoon .
Netflix has four — count 'em — four exclusive Marvel series on the way , and while the Daredevil reboot is getting all the attention , Jessica Jones just locked down its female lead . According to Deadline , Krysten Ritter has secured the role of the titular superhero-turned-private eye .
Ritter has made several movies , including Confessions of a Shopaholic and What Happens in Vegas , but she 's better known for their television work . Breaking Bad fans will recognize them as Jane , Jessie 's girlfriend from season two , and she 's also starred in their own ABC show , Do n't Trust the B— in Apartment 23 , which was canceled after two seasons .
Jessica Jones is the second of Netflix 's planned four series . It 'll follow Daredevil in 2015 , and will join shows focused on Iron Fist and Luke Cage . As is Marvel 's trademark , the four heroes will exist in the same universe and will eventually join together for a crossover mini-series called The Defenders .
Oregon Ducks vs. Army Black Knights
Oregon Ducks senior Charlie Noebel is the lone walk-on for a team that returned four starters from last year 's Elite Eight squads .
( Photo by Serena Morones for The Oregonian/OregonLive )
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- - Outside of the Oregon locker room on the eve of the Elite Eight , a bunch of basketball players who probably envisioned being in this moment , on the doorstep of the Final Four , gathered in interview booths .
Players like Dillon Brooks , Tyler Dorsey and others , all who were great and coveted high school prospects with national championship aspirations , tried to describe the moment as dozens of media members assembled in front of them .
It 's the second year in a row the Ducks have gone this far , and instead of wide eyes , the stars of the Ducks presented a unified front .
Getting here last year was something special , the message rang out . That wo n't be good enough now , as they prepare to face Kansas on Saturday .
Inside of Oregon 's locker room , away from all of that , Charlie Noebel felt the same . The Elite Eight is great . The Final Four would be better .
But in truth , the Oregon senior , the one who has become a fan favorite in Eugene , had to marvel at all that 's happened to them since they walked on three seasons ago .
They thought about the three-pointer they hit in January against Oregon State , the one that came a day after their grandmother had a stroke . Their dad told them before the game that if they got a chance to shoot , shoot . They did that night , draining the second shot of their career and their first inside Matthew Knight Arena .
The crowd went nuts . That was special .
More so , it was improbable . Three years ago , walking on to the basketball team was on Noebel 's mind . A phone call changed that .
Noebel 's mom , Jane , fell sick over Thanksgiving 2013 . They thought it might have been kidney stones .
It was n't .
Jane had cancer and did n't have much time left .
Noebel was on a flight home the next day , pulling out of school during winter term and moving back to Irvine , California . They took a job as a cashier at a Wahoo 's taco restaurant and spent as much time as possible with their mom .
Four months later , they were gone .
But before Jane died at the age of 54 , they and Charlie had a talk about basketball at the hospital . They always loved watching Noebel play , first on the JV team at Mater Dei and then finally on varsity . Noebel laughs thinking about the time they showed up for a dunk competition at a pep rally unannounced .
`` She was up top recording it , '' Noebel said . `` You could hear here going , 'Yeah , go Charlie ! ' It was pretty great . ''
Everyone in the Noebel family thought their high school team 's 50-45 win over Archbishop Mitty in the state title game was it for their competitive career . They would go on to Oregon , probably play intramurals , and get their degree .
Noebel had other ideas , though , and got in touch with Oregon 's staff once they arrived in Eugene . Maybe if they saw them play he 'd find a way to walk on their sophomore year . Those talks stalled when Noebel went home . But one day in the hospital , they mentioned it to Jane .
`` It was a funny moment , '' Noebel remembers . `` She was like , 'Yeah , do what you want . You 've been playing your whole life . If you want to try for it , go for it . ' They probably thought it was a joke .
`` That just kind of motivated me . ''
Jane died on March 13 , 2014 , and Noebel went back to Oregon several weeks later , re-enrolling for spring term with a new goal of making the basketball team . They were one of five players who walked on for the 2014-15 season , a year that saw the Ducks return just three players on scholarship . Picked to finish eighth in the Pac-12 that season , the Ducks finished second , made the NCAA Tournament and beat Oklahoma State in the first round .
A year later , the walk-on numbers dipped to three , Noebel hit the first basket of their career and the Ducks advanced to the Elite Eight .
Now , Noebel is the only walk-on here in Kansas City , on a roster that returned four starters from last year 's Elite Eight squads .
Oregon coach Dana Altman said they were aware of Jane 's passing when Noebel returned to school , but wanted to make something clear on Friday : There 's a reason why Noebel has been to three consecutive NCAA Tournaments .
`` He earned it , '' Altman said . `` I would n't have kept them on that first year if I did n't feel like they were helping the team . ''
Entering their final week with the Ducks , Noebel has played 53 minutes in their career . He 's hit two three-pointers , grabbed six rebounds and become an unlikely favorite of the Oregon student section , which cheered their name relentlessly during Ducks blowouts this season , begging Altman to put them in the game .
Noebel did n't expect any of this . They did n't expect a spot on a team , they did n't expect to hit a three-pointer for their now-healthy grandma , and they certainly did n't expect to turn their family into Oregon basketball fans .
But now that all of that has happened , Noebel gives some of the credit to their mom .
`` She would be very proud , that 's for sure , '' Noebel said . `` We never expected any of this . I 'm sure she 's proud and rooting for the Ducks every day . ''
-- Tyson Alger
talger @ oregonian.com
@ tysonalger
Globally , lactose intolerance is the norm ; around two-thirds of humans can not drink milk in adulthood
Photograph by Valentyn Volkov/iStockphoto/Thinkstock .
To repurpose a handy metaphor , let 's call two of the first Homo sapiens Adam and Eve . By the time they welcomed their firstborn , that rascal Cain , into the world , 2 million centuries of evolution had established how their infancy would play out . For the first few years of their life , they would take their nourishment from Eve 's breast . Once they reached about 4 or 5 years old , their body would begin to slow its production of lactase , the enzyme that allows mammals to digest the lactose in milk . Thereafter , nursing or drinking another animal 's milk would have given the little hell-raiser stomach cramps and potentially life-threatening diarrhea ; in the absence of lactase , lactose simply rots in the guts . With Cain weaned , Abel could claim more of their mother 's attention and all of their milk . This kept a lid on sibling rivalry—though it did n't quell the animus between these particular sibs—while allowing women to bear more young . The pattern was the same for all mammals : At the end of infancy , we became lactose-intolerant for life .
Two hundred thousand years later , around 10,000 B.C. , this began to change . A genetic mutation appeared , somewhere near modern-day Turkey , that jammed the lactase-production gene permanently in the “ on ” position . The original mutant was probably a male who passed the gene on to their children . People carrying the mutation could drink milk their entire lives . Genomic analyses have shown that within a few thousand years , at a rate that evolutionary biologists had thought impossibly rapid , this mutation spread throughout Eurasia , to Great Britain , Scandinavia , the Mediterranean , India and all points in between , stopping only at the Himalayas . Independently , other mutations for lactose tolerance arose in Africa and the Middle East , though not in the Americas , Australia , or the Far East .
In an evolutionary eye-blink , 80 percent of Europeans became milk-drinkers ; in some populations , the proportion is close to 100 percent . ( Though globally , lactose intolerance is the norm ; around two-thirds of humans can not drink milk in adulthood . ) The speed of this transformation is one of the weirder mysteries in the story of human evolution , more so because it 's not clear why anybody needed the mutation to begin with . Through their cleverness , our lactose-intolerant forebears had already found a way to consume dairy without getting sick , irrespective of genetics .
Mark Thomas , an evolutionary geneticist at University College London , points out that in modern-day Turkey , where the mutation seems to have arisen , the warm climate causes fresh milk to rapidly change its composition . “ If you milk a cow in the morning , ” they say , “ by lunchtime it 's yogurt . ”
Yogurt has plenty of benefits to confer , among them large testicles , swagger , and glossy fur—at least if you 're a mouse—but most salient to our ancestors was that the fermentation process that transforms milk into yogurt consumes lactose , which is a sugar . This is why many lactose-intolerant people can eat yogurt without difficulty . As milk ascends what Thomas calls the “ fermentation ladder , ” which begins with yogurt and culminates with virtually lactose-free hard cheeses , ever more lactose is fermented out . “ If you 're at a party and someone says , ‘ Oh , I ca n't eat that—I 'm lactose intolerant , ' ” they say , “ you can tell them to shut up and eat the Parmigiano . ”
Analysis of potsherds from Eurasia and parts of Africa have shown that humans were fermenting the lactose out of dairy for thousands of years before lactose tolerance was widespread . Here is the heart of the mystery : If we could consume dairy by simply letting it sit around for a few hours or days , it does n't appear to make much sense for evolution to have propagated the lactose-tolerance mutation at all , much less than vigorously as it did . Culture had already found a way around our biology . Various ideas are being kicked around to explain why natural selection promoted milk-drinking , but evolutionary biologists are still puzzled .
“ I 've probably worked more on the evolution of lactose tolerance than anyone in the world , ” says Thomas . “ I can give you a bunch of informed and sensible suggestions about why it 's such an advantage , but we just do n't know . It 's a ridiculously high selection differential , just insane , for the last several thousand years . ”
A “ high selection differential ” is something of a Darwinian euphemism . It means that those who could n't drink milk were apt to die before they could reproduce . At best they were having fewer , sicklier children . That kind of life-or-death selection differential seems necessary to explain the speed with which the mutation swept across Eurasia and spread even faster in Africa . The unfit must-have been taking their lactose-intolerant genomes to the grave .
Milk , by itself , somehow saved lives . This is odd , because milk is just food , just one source of nutrients and calories among many others . It 's not medicine . But there was a time in human history when our diet and environment conspired to create conditions that mimicked those of a disease epidemic . Milk , in such circumstances , may well have performed the function of a life-saving drug .
There are no written records from the period when humans invented agriculture , but if there were , they would tell a tale of woe . Agriculture , in Jared Diamond 's phrase , was the “ worst mistake in human history. ” The previous system of nourishment—hunting and gathering—had all but guaranteed a healthy diet , as it was defined by variety . But it made us a rootless species of nomads . Agriculture offered stability . It also transformed nature into a machine for cranking out human beings , though there was a cost . Once humans began to rely on the few crops that we knew how to grow reliably , our collective health collapsed . The remains of the first Neolithic farmers show clear signs of dramatic tooth decay , anemia , and low bone-density . Average height dropped by about 5 inches , while infant mortality rose . Diseases of deficiency like scurvy , rickets , beriberi , and pellagra were serious problems that would have been totally perplexing . We are still reeling from the change : Heart disease , diabetes , alcoholism , celiac disease , and perhaps even acne are direct results of the switch to agriculture .
Meanwhile , agriculture 's alter ego , civilization , was forcing people for the first time to live in cities , which were perfect environments for the rapid spread of infectious disease . No one living through these tribulations would have had any idea that things had ever been , or could be , different . Pestilence was the water we swam in for millennia .
It was in these horrendous conditions that the lactose tolerance mutation took hold . Reconstructed migration patterns make it clear that the wave of lactose tolerance that washed over Eurasia was carried by later generations of farmers who were healthier than their milk-abstaining neighbors . Everywhere that agriculture and civilization went , lactose tolerance came along . Agriculture-plus-dairying became the backbone of Western civilization .
But it 's hard to know with any kind of certainty why milk was so beneficial . It may have been the case that milk provided nutrients that were n't present in the first wave of domesticated crops . An early , probably incorrect , hypothesis sought to link lactose tolerance to vitamin D and calcium deficiencies . The lactose-intolerant MIT geneticist Pardis Sabeti believes that milk boosted women 's fat stores and thus their fertility , contributing directly to Darwinian fitness , though they and others allow that milk 's highest value to subsisting Homo sapiens may have been that it provided fresh drinking water : A stream or pond might look clean yet harbor dangerous pathogens , while the milk coming out of a healthy-looking goat is likely to be healthy , too .
Each of these hypotheses makes rough-and-ready sense , but not even their creators find them totally convincing . “ The drinking-water argument works in Africa , but not so much in Europe , ” says Thomas . They favor the idea that milk supplemented food supplies . “ If your crops failed and you could n't drink milk , you were dead , ” they say . “ But none of the explanations that are out there are sufficient . ”
The plot is still fuzzy , but we know a few things : The rise of civilization coincided with a strange twist in our evolutionary history . We became , in the coinage of one paleoanthropologist , “ mampires ” who feed on the fluids of other animals . Western civilization , which is twinned with agriculture , seems to have required milk to begin functioning . No one can say why . We know much less than we think about why we eat what we do . The puzzle is not merely academic . If we knew more , we might learn something about why our relationship to food can be so strange .
For the time being , the mythical version of the story is n't so bad . In the Garden , Adam and Eve were gatherers , collecting fruits as they fell from the tree . Cain the farmer and Abel the pastoralist represented two paths into the future : agriculture and civilization versus animal husbandry and nomadism . Cain offered God their cultivated fruits and vegetables , Abel an animal sacrifice that Flavius Josephus tells us was milk . Agriculture , in its earliest form , brought disease , deformation , and death , so God rejected it for the milk from Abel 's flocks . Cain grew enraged and , being your prototypically amoral city-dweller , did their brother in . God cursed Cain with exile , commanding them to wander the earth like the pastoralist brother he 'd killed . Cain and agriculture ultimately won the day—humans settled into cities sustained by farms—but only by becoming a little like Abel . And civilization moved forward .
In the rarefied atmosphere inhabited by defending Tour de France champions , the effect of any stray words so often seems to be amplified . When Astana 's Vincenzo Nibali rhetorically enquired of Nairo Quintana 's whereabouts during an exchange with journalists last month , they hardly anticipated that their words would become headline news 48 hours before the Grand Départ . Such is the hyper-reality of life after the maillot jaune . Related Articles News Shorts : Nibali , Contador and others recon the Tour de France pavé
Tour de France : Quintana angered by Nibali comments on whereabouts
Quintana : Nibali and Contador are the favourites for the Tour de France
Nairo Quintana 's Tour de France Canyon Ultimate CF SLX
As in 2013 , Quintana took a lengthy break from racing ahead of the Tour , preferring to spend almost two months training at altitude at home in Colombia between the Tour de Romandie and the Route du Sud . Concerns have been raised in the past about the frequency of out-of-competition blood tests in Colombia , but speaking on Friday afternoon , Quintana said that they had been tested on at least five occasions in their home country in the past year .
During their final pre-Tour press conference just beforehand , Nibali had been at pains to douse the flames of any potential controversy , looking to avoid any diplomatic incident with one of the other heads of state at this race when they responded on two occasions to questions from Colombian reporters on the matter .
“ I 'm sorry if Quintana was angry or offended . My intention was not to speak badly of Colombia , which is a wonderful country with a lot of great riders who are riding very strongly , ” Nibali said . “ It 's just that there was no news of Quintana and we were all asking ourselves about where they are , but not in a malicious way . We knew that Alberto was training in Livigno and where all the other contenders were and so on , I just meant ‘ let 's see where Quintana is ' , ''
Nibali was later asked if they felt that all of principal Tour contenders had faced testing of the same rigour in the months leading up to the race . “ I do n't know if we 're all controlled as much as one another . I can only speak for myself . I 'm tested a lot by WADA and the UCI and I can only say that they do great work , ” they said .
Even before this nascent controversy , Nibali 's year had not been bereft of incident due to the apparent sword of Damocles that hung over their Astana team 's WorldTour licence for much of the spring . The positive doping controls of Maxim and Valentin Iglinskiy last year , as well as a trio of cases on the Astana Continental team , triggered an audit from the University of Lausanne and eventually prompted the UCI to request its Licence Commission to revoke Astana 's top flight status . They finally found in Astana 's favour in April .
“ We had problems at the start of the season and I think there was a lot made of it thanks to the media but nothing ever came of it , ” Nibali said . “ There was a lot of talk about the licence but it was never revoked . We were called in by the ISSUL auditors to talk about the team and we met with them again during the last Dauphiné . They 're following the team closely and a lot of riders , like Jakob [ Fuglsang ] and me , have spoken with them about our training programmes .
“ It 's clear that we 've paid for two riders who used doping last year and we ca n't personally be held to account for their faults . We 've looked to continue working calmly and we 're at this Tour de France with the right motivation , looking to ride well and enjoy ourselves . ”
Another polemica reared its head following Nibali 's victorious ride at the Italian Championships road race in Turin last weekend , when they voiced their disappointment at their friend and longstanding gregario Alessandro Vanotti 's decision not to line out in support of him . It later emerged that Vanotti had been omitted from Astana 's Tour squad and it is understood that their decision to ride for Italy at the inaugural European Games in Baku two weeks ago had done little to help their cause .
“ Vanotti pulled out of the Italian Championships and there was one extra rider in the pre-selection for the Tour de France . Another rider with better condition was simply selected in their place , ” Nibali said .
Looking to double up
And in the middle of the various rows , of course , a bike race is about to break out . Nibali sets out from Utrecht on Saturday as one of four principal favourites for overall victory , alongside Chris Froome ( Sky ) , Alberto Contador ( Tinkoff-Saxo ) and Quintana . Just like 12 months ago , they reach July after a low-key start to the season but with morale bolstered by signs of life at the Dauphiné and a national title win on the eve of the Tour .
“ This year , my condition is in line with last year , ” Nibali said . “ There 'll be big expectations on me as defending champion but there are riders who have done more than me so far this season , like Froome winning the Dauphiné , but I 'll play my cards day by day and see how I go . ”
In 2014 , Nibali won the first of their four stages on the road to Sheffield on the second day , and placed a significant down payment on overall victory on the cobbles three days later . Of the four galacticos vying for the top step of the podium in Paris this time out , they are the man tipped to benefit from the Tour 's treacherous opening week , which includes another jaunt over the pavé on stage 4 .
“ We 've talked a lot about this first week , which has some tough finishes , like the Mur de Huy . But we 'll just try to ride like we 've always done and the Tour is always difficult from the start in any case , ” Nibali said .
One of the compelling aspects of this year 's Tour is that the four main contenders – three previous winners and Quintana , who placed second in their lone appearance to date – would , at least at this remove , all undoubtedly view anything less than final overall victory as a disappointment . Nibali placed the challenge of a repeat victory in some perspective , however , by reminding reporters that only one Italian in history – Ottavia Bottechia some 90 years ago – has ever managed to land successive Tours .
“ I would n't settle for a second place but in Italian cycling , you have to go back to Bottechia to find an Italian who won two Tours in a row , ” Nibali said . “ That makes you understand how difficult it is to win the Tour de France . ”
To subscribe to the Cyclingnews video channel , click here .
Re-evaluating Animal Charity Evaluators
A response to Jon Bockman
Harrison Nathan Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 22 , 2016
Earlier this month , I released an extensive critique of the current Effective Altruist work on animal welfare , which in particular accused Animal Charity Evaluators ( ACE ) of using pseudoscience , fabricating figures , ignoring scientific literature , using unrealistic metrics which promote co-optation , and suspending its own formal criteria in its evaluation of the Good Food Institute ( GFI ) . ACE remained mostly silent until late last night , when Jon Bockman responded to “ common critiques ” in a new blog post . Unfortunately , the post omits mention of my paper and only obliquely references a few of my criticisms .
The first few sections of Bockman 's post , however , do touch on some of the same topics . Regarding leafleting , a subject I discussed in detail , Bockman writes the following :
Our current leafleting report was written in 2014 and does not accurately reflect our current views or more recent developments in research about animal advocacy . The change is substantial because ACE was a very young organization in 2014 , and our team and views have evolved significantly since then , as has thinking about effective animal advocacy more broadly . Our confidence in the findings of some of the studies has declined , and we now think the report is too positive about leafleting in comparison to other animal advocacy interventions in general . The language we used in the report is also generally less cautious than the language we would use now .
On cost effectiveness estimates , a subject I discussed using a detailed specific example , Bockman has this to say :
We have certain reservations about our estimates , such as concerns about the strength of the evidence about animal advocacy in general and a concern that people may take certain estimates as being more definitive than we intend . However , we do also find these estimates to be a useful component of our attempts to compare the wide variety of programs that animal advocacy organizations engage in . …
Another example is with estimates that are based on data which is not highly reliable , such as those for leafleting or online ads . This is because there is no available data which would be highly reliable . While of course we would prefer to have more reliable estimates , given the available information , the best we can do is to make clear what information we 're using so that others can adjust it if they feel it 's necessary . Furthermore , even these estimates provide a check of some kind on our immediate intuitions about the effectiveness of a particular program . Despite the inherent challenges of publishing cost-effectiveness calculations , not doing so would certainly limit the usefulness of our reviews , because of the additional clarity that quantitative communication can provide . ( Emphasis added . )
As is usual for ACE , these carefully worded statements appear at first blush to acknowledge a problem and make a commitment to reform , while actually evading substantive discussion . Consider the wording highly reliable . Superficially , this sounds like a concession to critics , but it also implies an assertion , made without any argument or reference to any specific facts , that the available data has some degree of reliability . ( I disputed this . ) Also consider the phrase estimates that are based on data which is not highly reliable . This suggests that some of the cost effectiveness estimates are based on highly reliable data . Which ones are those ? And consider the statement people may take certain estimates as being more definitive than we intend . I showed that at least one of their cost effectiveness estimates is wholly invented . It is disappointing that Bockman made no attempt to explain this .
What to make of Bockman 's statement , regarding leafleting , that our team and views have evolved significantly since [ 2014 ] ? That 's a long time in which to correct the problem , particularly when the cost effectiveness estimate for leafleting has been used as the basis of other estimates since , and when the ACE website even still contains assertions like “ The existing evidence on the impact of leafleting is among the strongest bodies of evidence bearing on animal advocacy methods. ” This statement is beyond incautious language : it is deceptive , as there is no evidence supporting the effectiveness of leafleting .
It would be difficult for ACE to even justify how it made the estimate for leafleting at the time that it did . ACE had two studies available : one which found no effect , and another ( whose numerous , grossly amateurish flaws I discussed in great detail ) which was interpreted as showing a very large effect . ACE 's estimate ignored the former and was based entirely on the latter . Moreover , the sole basis of the estimate is ACE 's strange interpretation wherein five vegetarians could be “ patched together ” ( ACE 's own words ) from the results of the study , which actually found that just one person became vegetarian . This post hoc construct obviously lacks validity , and resulted in an absurdly high estimate , suggesting that it requires less than five dollars to create the equivalent of a new vegetarian .
Bockman 's post contains no talk of retracting anything per se , and offers this explanation for why the bogus claims remain on the ACE website even now :
While we would love to have all our published content continually updated to reflect the latest state of our views and of research on animal advocacy in general , we have limited resources and often need to choose between updating old content and researching areas we have n't previously written about . In 2016 we chose not to update our leafleting report because of these trade-offs .
When genuinely accountable organizations commit errors of such a magnitude , they issue retractions , and they do so with the understanding that people will regard their subsequent work more skeptically , not applaud them for “ improving. ” They also do this promptly when the errors are pointed out . They definitely do not continue to publicize claims they have known to be false for years , “ updating ” them only according to their own convenience .
Genuinely accountable organizations also have explicit standards of quality . If one talks to ACE about the pervasive , extreme methodological flaws in the studies it relies upon , one hears that it can not afford to adhere to basic scientific standards , but is “ building up ” to better research . One never hears , however , what research standards it does adhere to . Whereas in public ACE proudly claims to use “ science to analyze the impact of interventions , ” when it is questioned in detail about this “ science , ” there is only endless talk of “ weak evidence. ” There seems to be no limit to how weak the evidence is allowed to get , and many members of the EAA community , being unduly trusting of ACE researchers , will even accept wild guesses , pure intuition , and arbitrary constructs created without rhyme or reason . The result is that ACE 's claims about the effectiveness of interventions are not falsifiable .
ACE will not , and probably can not , honestly respond to the criticism of its methodology , because doing so would involve acknowledging that it lacks actionable ( not “ highly reliable ” ) evidence supporting any of the interventions it claims are effective . Of the main five interventions it lists on its website , it analyzes three of them using unscientific studies which have failed to show that they have any effect on behavior , and the other two involve interactions with corporations . While the effects of the latter may seem more amenable to quantitative measurement as they produce explicit commitments , ACE 's estimates here are unrealistic because it has made no analysis of how these corporations act as intelligent entities . It 's choice to award all the “ animals spared ” to the first non-profit to make a deal encourages non-profits to make fast deals , not good ones , and neglects to account for what the corporation might have done in the absence of the interaction . ( Bockman also did not mention my criticism of ACE 's evaluation of corporate outreach . )
I have also called into question other aspects of ACE 's charity evaluation process , with particular reference to its recommendation of the Good Food Institute as a top charity . Many others have expressed the same concerns : mainly that since GFI has no accomplishments , there is no basis on which to give it a top recommendation , understanding that ACE claims to recommend charities based on objective evidence of their effectiveness and record . In particular , I argue that GFI totally fails on criteria 2 , 4 , and 5 of ACE 's evaluation process . Allison Smith wrote a separate post attempting to justify the choice of GFI , but besides a disingenuous comparison of GFI 's non-existent track record to the actual track record of New Harvest ( “ Our reviews mention their short track records as weaknesses for both New Harvest and GFI ” ) , it only discusses GFI 's “ strong leadership , ” “ closer alignment with animal advocacy , ” and future plans . ACE 's view that GFI 's plans are better than those of New Harvest ( for reasons such as that it plans to add more paid staff , which ACE approves of , and that it will spend less on developing technology and more on regulatory and marketing issues ) are based on the subjective judgments of ACE researchers , who lack relevant qualifications and should be expected to produce objective justifications for their recommendations . The question should not be whether GFI has potential , but whether , as ACE claims , the evaluation process was rigorous . It obviously was n't .
Jon Bockman 's discussion of conflict of interest focuses heavily on Nick Cooney . As Bockman accurately notes , “ he founded THL , they work at MFA , and they are a board member at GFI. ” However , Bockman inaccurately asserts that “ Nick has n't been involved with THL in a long time. ” In fact , Cooney remained the director of Humane League Labs until earlier this year , and is the author of every single one of THL 's research reports . They also have been involved in research produced by MFA . That is , Cooney has been the main person responsible for producing the pseudoscientific research that ACE relies upon to justify its belief in the effectiveness of interventions , which is the allegedly objective basis for its unfailingly consistent recommendation of Cooney 's charities ; and moreover , when Cooney became involved in a new charity lacking any track record , ACE suspended its normal criteria in order to recommend it . At the very minimum , Cooney 's thinking has had a great degree of influence on ACE 's thinking .
For several years now , ACE has claimed that the charities it recommends ( other than GFI ) engage in interventions whose effectiveness is supported by evidence including studies . These studies have fallen far short of basic scientific standards , and have been systemically misinterpreted as supporting the effectiveness of interventions . While ACE has a policy of transparency , it does not have explicit standards against which its work can be judged , and for years it has failed to correct false claims which it continues to make publicly , for example in its impact calculator . It is not sufficient to be transparent without being accountable .
I understand that a lot of folks want to reserve judgment . And I can respect that .
But let 's be realistic here . This is somebody who was accused of rape , and not just rape , but rape of a minor .
Donald Trump is one of the most despicable low life sleaze bags and slimy sex predators I can think of off the top of my head that got away with sexual assault of multiple people .
if Donald Trump had been accused of raping multiple teenagers and those teenagers had come forward in public to accuse him , especially , say , their family members , how many people would have dropped them like a brick , or screamed bloody murder that this was somebody who should never have been allowed to contemplate running for office , let alone step outside within a thousand feet of any school or other location with children in it ?
Hell , and Trump only ever said they grabbed their victims or kissed them . They never said they got them drunk , high , and paid them afterwards or asked them to pimp their friends .
The reality is that yeah , sometimes this sort of thing gets tried in the Press , and sometimes that 's not always because the allegations are false .
Sometimes it 's because the person committing the crime is so slippery and so well connected that it takes decades for justice , no matter how weak compared to actual jail time or criminal penalties to be served .
sometimes it 's because the allegations are indeed false . but when you here multiple allegations over multiple decades with multiple accusers , either the most complex conspiracy spanning multiple decades is in play , or Occam 's Razor applies .
I do n't think anybody needs to see official documentation at this point to know that you probably should n't leave a teenage kid alone in the same room as Ed Murray .
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Just when Manchester United fans thought they had seen the last of expensive flop Anderson , another Brazilian with the same name could be on their way to Old Trafford , write Steve Bates and Neil Moxley in the Sunday People .
But this time it is Benfica 's highly-prized Anderson Talisca on United 's radar .
The attacker is being tipped to be a major star – both for their country and Benfica , who are being beseiged by scouts watching the 20-year-old .
United chief Louis van Gaal had their top European scout in Portugal to see Talisca score a vital late winner for Benfica in their recent Champions League clash with Monaco . And the Reds plan to watch them again for Brazil against Austria on Tuesday .
It is not the first time Talisca – who can play off the main striker or as an ­attacking midfielder – has been among the goals for the Portuguese champions .
The goal against Monaco was their ninth in 10 games – and United have joined a queue that includes Real Madrid , Chelsea , Manchester City , Arsenal and Liverpool .
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was first alerted when they were playing for Bahia in Brazil , and they are now Van Gaal 's main Premier League rival for the player . Talisca 's spectacular form saw them called up to the Brazil squad for the first time last week .
Former Bahia official Newton Mota says they are the new Rivaldo , although others ­compare them to Manchester City 's Yaya Toure .
Mota said : “ Some people call them ‘ Yaya Talisca ' . Their technique is very accurate but I liken them more to Rivaldo , who was also left-footed , with a long stride and ­capable of scoring goals from distance . ”
Benfica officials are believed to be ­pressing the youngster and their advisors to sign a new contract with a big buy-out clause rumoured to be around £35million .
And that is in sharp contrast to United 's own Brazilian midfielder Anderson , who has become an outcast under Van Gaal .
The 26-year-old is expected to be given a free transfer in January after costing the thirteen-time Premier League champions a staggering £25m in 2007 .
Van Gaal also has their eye on Fabian Schar as they urgently seek defensive cover .
( Image : Mike Hewitt - FIFA )
The Basel defender was watched by United last week after Van Gaal identified the ­recruitment of a strong centre-half as their No.1 priority when the window opens .
Although Mats Hummels and Ron Vlaar are both on their radar , they have also been linked with Porto 's Bruno Martins Indi .
This post first appeared on Salon .
You may know Michael Winston 's story from a series of articles by Gretchen Morgenson in The New York Times , or from a celebrated Frontline episode , “ The Untouchables , ” about the lack of prosecutions on Wall Street . They were a Ph.D. who rose to the corporate elite , with stints at Lockheed Martin , McDonnell Douglas , Motorola and Merrill Lynch . They were recruited to mortgage originator Countrywide Financial with the promise that it wanted to become the “ Goldman Sachs of the Pacific , ” a full-service global financial corporation .
“ They talked about the importance of ethics and principles , and they said they heard I was a high-integrity guy , ” Winston tells Salon , noting their father had a vanity plate that read “ HONOR. ” Winston initially succeeded as enterprise chief leadership officer at Countrywide , getting promoted twice in 14 months and building a team of 200 working on corporate strategy .
But they could not ignore the rot at the heart of the company 's profitmaking approach .
So now , a successful high-level executive for 30 years , they have been embroiled in seven years of lawsuits with Countrywide and the company that bought it , Bank of America . Their determination to speak out against multiple violations of law at Countrywide earned them retaliation , and eventually , they were frozen out of corporate boardrooms , unable to find a new job . They won a jury verdict in their case , but after two and a half more years of fighting , an appellate court reversed the ruling in highly unusual circumstances .
“ I keep hearing about whistleblower protections , ” they tell Salon , exasperatedly . “ It certainly did n't happen for me . ”
Now , Bank of America wants to gouge Michael Winston one last time , demanding an interest payment on money awarded to them that they never received .
“ Thus far , the person who did the right thing got punished , and the person who did the wrong thing got rewarded , ” Winston said . The chilling case shows that the greatest enemy for Wall Street is the man or woman who actually tries to expose its secrets .
* * *
The lesson is clear : If you object to the corrupt practices at financial giants like Countrywide and Bank of America , you will be marginalized and financially ruined . And even if you think you 've won , over time you will lose .
“ FUND-EM. ” That 's what the license plate read when Winston pulled into Countrywide headquarters at the end of 2005 . It was the car of CEO Angelo Mozilo . “ What does that mean ? ” Winston asked a colleague .
“ That 's Mozilo 's growth strategy for 2006 , ” their colleague replied . “ We fund all loans. ” “ What if the borrower has no job ? ” Winston asked .
Over the Moon festival is a green and family-friendly event , celebrating music , art and environmental awareness that takes place on Friday 14 September until Sunday 16 September , 2012 , Hempstead Lane , Hailsham in East Sussex , UK .
Jim Mitchell , the festival organiser says , “ Over the Moon is an opportunity for people to come together , get creative and have a wild time while learning how to live a more sustainable life . ”
Alternative talks and workshops will be delivered by expert speakers at the forefront of their fields . These will include talks on environmental issues from Flemich Webb , environmental journalist and adventurer , the men behind Cadoo , the world 's only social network on sustainable living , and Tom Chute from 10:10 Brighton and Hove will give you advice on how to reduce your carbon footprint .
Music will be provided by top acts such as The Dub Pistols , Eat Static , The Kalukuta Millionaires and Celt Islam , all performing on solar and bio-diesel powered stages .
The festival has a relaxing healing area where you can try out different therapies at reasonable prices . There are also workshops on various esoteric and healing topics , yoga and chi gung .
Poi Passion are running the circus area this year with workshops suitable for all in the aerial arts , silks and rope classes , hula hoop , club juggling and passing , staff spinning and manipulation , diablo and all the other stuff you 'd expect to find , a jaw dropping fire show will even be showcased !
For more information on activities in the circus area visit http : //overthemoonfestival.com/whats-on/circus/
Over the Moon is a family friendly festival that has something to occupy children of all ages in the Family Area and Teen Space . Comprising of a number of activities that include trampolining , circus skills , face-painting , music workshops , arts & crafts , and a kids parade on the last day of the festival where the children can dress up and parade everything they have made over the weekend in a musical procession . For more information on the family area and teen space please visit
http : //overthemoonfestival.com/whats-on/family/
The festival prides itself on being one of the greenest festivals of the summer season and provides guests with clean eco compost toilets , a sauna , showers and The Big Lemon Bus service which is run on vegetable oil and is the exclusive travel partner , providing direct buses to and from the festival .
Over the Moon are calling out for any unwanted furniture to be recycled and used to deck out the festival site . So if you have any old sofas , tables , chairs and any other unwanted household furniture then call 07771861658 and we will arrange to come and pick it up from you . You can then see it transformed and given a whole new lease of life at the festival through art installations .
As a truly family friendly event , admission to OM is free for children under 7 and only £25 for 7-16 year olds . Adult 3 day passes are just £80 in advance but increase £90 on the day . Two and three day camping tickets are available , as well as single day passes , with prices ranging from £30 to £80 . Tickets get more expensive the closer it gets to the festival .
Watch out for the next full moon because every time this happens adult full weekend camping tickets will be available at discount prices .
California is poised to become the first U.S. state to ban single-use plastic bags after Governor Jerry Brown said Thursday that they expected to sign a bill nixing their use .
The legislation — which would oust single-use plastic bags from grocery stores and pharmacies in 2015 , as well as from convenience and liquor stores a year later — is similar to laws on the books in more than 100 California municipalities , including San Francisco and Los Angeles , as well as in individual towns and cities across the U.S .
Like those municipal laws , the California bill also authorizes stores to levy a $ .10 charge on paper or reusable bags . In addition , it extends some $ 2 million in loans to plastic-bag manufacturers in an effort to soften those factories ' shift toward producing reusable bags .
American environmentalists and lawmakers have seized on banning non-biodegradable bags as a way to cut down on waste and clean up the country 's waters . But bag manufacturers have lobbied fiercely against such measures , warning that as bags disappear , so do the jobs in their factories .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Brown has until the end of September to sign the bill , passed by state lawmakers in a 22-to-15 vote last week .
“ I probably will sign it , yes , ” said the Democrat on Thursday evening , during a televised debate with their Republican rival Neel Kashkari , who is challenging Brown in the Nov. 4 gubernatorial election , the Los Angeles Times reports . “ This is a compromise . It 's taking into account the needs of the environment , and the needs of the economy and the needs of the grocers . ”
Republicans in California 's legislature had opposed the bill , calling it unwarranted government involvement in local business , as well as a burden to job-creating manufacturers .
Kashkari — who trails the incumbent Brown by 50 % to 34 % in recent polling — said in the Thursday debate that there was “ no chance ” they would sign the bill .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
From geopolitical shifts to luxury spending trends , The Wealth Report 2018 brings together the latest intelligence and the sharpest insights into the issues that matter most to the world 's wealthiest people
The Big Interview
Niall Ferguson , one of the world 's most influential and controversial historians on the big issues facing the world and its wealth creators including tech , China , a global recession and politics of the future .
New Order
The world 's super rich populations are growing but where is growth strongest and why is Europe slipping down the ranks of the world 's wealthiest regions according to new figures ?
Peak Performers
From revamped historic quarters , trend-setting areas and former industrial zones to high-tech hotspots to new transport hubs - find out which urban districts across the globe are set to outperform the competition .
Face Off
Two record-breaking portraits helped art to drive wine off the top of the Knight Frank Luxury Investment Index in 2017 . Which luxury asset classes feature in this year 's index and how did they perform in 2017 ?
A next recession ?
Video : When The Wealth Report was first published in 2007 the world was on the brink of the global financial crisis . Eleven editions later and the eminent historian and political commentator Niall Ferguson says warning signs are flashing again .
Blockchain reaction
Video : Hype or reality ? Tom Bill , Head of London Residential Research , discusses blockchain in transacting real estate . How soon will this become the norm and what does this mean for investors ?
Wealth flows
Video : Where exactly is money moving from and where is it heading to ? Senior Research Analyst Flora Harley explains the data behind global wealth flow infographics featured in the year 's edition .
Palace or postage stamp ?
How much property can one million US dollars buy you across the globe ? Our unique 'price per sq m ' pagoda reveals just how much property you can buy for $ US 1 million in key luxury markets across the globe .
Arsenal will reportedly end their 20-year association with Nike next summer after agreeing a lucrative deal with Puma that will see the Gunners wear the branded kit of the German sportswear giants from 2014/15 .
The north London club is reported to have struck a contract worth a whopping £30 million-a-season , dwarfing the £8 million Arsenal receive from Nike each year , and making it the highest deal of its kind in English football .
Manchester United had previously held the record with a yearly income of £25.4 million from Nike - despite some inaccurate suggestions that Liverpool had surpassed their rivals when swapping to Warrior Sports this term .
Last season 's champions Manchester City , meanwhile , have also recently agreed a new deal that will see them change from Umbro to Nike , but the Etihad Stadium club will rake in less than half of Arsenal 's per annum fee .
Arsenal may be soon be enjoying supremacy in the Premier League when it comes to kit deals , but the Gunners fail to top the charts when it comes to the giants of Europe .
Click through the tabs to see where Arsenal rank alongside other teams at home and abroad…
Statistics courtesy of SportingIntelligence .
As I write this column , I am at my office on Main Street in San Francisco . When I 'm done here , I 'll head back to my house in the Richmond District to pick up some luggage as I head to SFO . Then I 'm off to JFK , my hotel in Midtown , 10 meetings across Manhattan before I stop at FAO Swartz to pick up something for the kids before it 's back to JFK and then travel home .
There are only four people/organizations in the world who know my location at all times : my wife ( because I tell her ) , Apple ( because Siri ) , the NSA ( because NSA ) , and now Uber .
Since the service Uber has built is so convenient , and increasingly essential to my life , Uber knows where I live , where I work , where I eat , where I travel , where I stay/visit and when I do all these things .
I am no longer just a passenger or a fare . I am a big data goldmine and , in case you had n't noticed , Uber just broke out the pickaxes .
This year , we are going to see the transformation of Uber into a big data company cut from the same cloth as Google , Facebook and Visa - using the wealth of information they know about me and you to deliver new services and generate revenue by selling this data to others .
Starwood is Just the beginning
Recently , Uber launched a service that lets its customers connect their Uber account to their Starwood Prefered Guest account . The benefit to customers : get points when you take Uber . The quid pro quo ? Customers give Uber the right to share all Uber ride information with Starwood . And I do mean * all * of it . Take a look at this screenshot :
Creepy ? Maybe . Valuable ? Sure is - to Uber , to Starwood , and even to me . I fly once a month to our offices in Seattle - Uber knows this because they drop me off at SFO and pick me up a few hours later at Sea-Tac . Uber then takes me to the Hyatt in Seattle and someone , somewhere on the Starwood marketing team cries a single tear before jumping into action . I am a frequent business traveller and active Starwood member that just chose to stay somewhere other than a Starwood property , costing them revenue . They know this because Uber knows this , and before I know that they know , I 'll be getting offers left and right to make sure my next stay in Seattle is with Starwood .
Uber can run the same program with airlines , restaurants , nightclubs , bars - every time you go from point A to point B in an Uber , “ A ” , “ B ” or both represent a new potential consumer of your data .
No more faceless data points
It should not be news to anyone that Visa , Mastercard and Amex have set up entire divisions of their company whose sole mission is to sell transactional data to any business that will pay , currently yielding $ 100 's of Millions mostly to Private Equity , Hedge Funds and Investment Banks , and projected to be $ 1 Billion within 5 years . The difference is that they remove all Personally Identifiable Information ( PII ) and only sell aggregate information - in their eyes “ you ” are not you . Uber 's advantage is that Uber users will , in a heartbeat and with the click of a button , trade their PII for extra points and/or miles - that 's a massive win . Even if you do n't hand over your PII Uber still has the same aggregate non-PII data opportunity .
In a bit of irony , one of Uber 's late round investors was able to use the credit card data from the big card networks to see exactly how much of a rocketship Uber is ( rumored 800 % annual growth ) and decided the $ 42 Billion valuation was a great deal .
What 's hot , what 's not
Uber knows the hot nightclubs , the best restaurants and most obviously now has as much data about traffic patterns as Waze ( which coincidentally trades data with local governments ) . Combining Uber 's data with the very-personal data that customers are willing to give up in exchange for benefits , means that Uber can , and is , on its way to becoming a Big Data company . This will never be as big as their core business , but could be a significant contributor to revenue .
Now , if they used my data and my upcoming anniversary to book a hot new restaurant , good live music and pick my wife and me up , I may even consider giving them my social security number .
What do you call a handheld contraption that creates a bead pattern in the shape of the infinity symbol ? .... We did n't know either so we called it the Hyper-B . This product 's name is a tribute to the Hyperboloid shape and a general lack of anything better to call it .
Did I set out to create an awesome toy ? No , the general concept hit me while I was playing with my youngest son one night in their room .
I have four sons 10 years old and younger , so we definitely see our fair share of crafty projects and crafty toys . I 've found that there does n't seem to be any crafty toys that meet two key requirements .
1 . Fun to make .
2 . Fun to play with what was made .
Spirograph- very fun to make , but not so much fun after ... the fun is entirely in the making .
Hyper-B : a crafty toy that is both fun to make and fun to play with once complete !
I 've taken my garage built prototypes as far as I can , the design is ready for the plastic injection mold makers . Take a look at the progression of the prototypes ...
1st Prototype , proof of concept ( Random String Layout )
3rd Prototype ( First Double )
5th Prototype ( First Exposed String )
10th Prototype
11th Prototype was printed in Belgium !
To get the Hyper-B rolling we need to purchase tooling for the plastics . With aluminum tools we will easily be able to provide enough parts to complete this project . We plan on using polycarbonate material for the hub . The polycarbonate can take the accidental drops that are bound to happen with such an active toy .
Hyper-B Budget
The two outer rows of lacing holes are open to the perimeter which allows for very quick lacing as the string can be pre-populated with beads and simply laid into position . There are 4 rings of 28 holes which provide a ridiculous amount of possibilities for lacing .
Here is the DIY kit : Rod , 2 Discs , 2 Strings , 4 O-rings , 56 Plastic Beads , and 28 Metallic Beads ( for $ 2 upgrade fee ) .
Note : Color of the Hyper-B Hub will be black , the white parts are 3D printed parts and are only intended to show how the parts will function .
Current bead inventory : standard plastic beads are on the bottom row , $ 2 upgrade beads are on the top row . I will add new bead options periodically .
We 're excited to see the cool designs that backers come up with once you start to experiment with the Hyper-B .
Design Improvements : I noticed a problem with the 3D prototypes , the timing of the beads falling was just slightly off . See the pictures below for the root cause and the design solution .
Root Cause : distance X is not equivalent to Y resulting in slight time shift for bead drops .
Solution : added routing features that guide the string to the bottom of the routing guides . Distance X is equivalent for all strings in the row .
10 '' Oak Prototype : I created this prototype to verify the dimensions that my wood turning supplier will use . Final version will be even nicer that this , my woodworking skills are no match for Luke at Classic Woodworking . 21.5 '' ( 55.6 cm ) long , 10 '' ( 25.4 cm ) diameter , weighs 3.5 lbs ( 1.6 kg ) and it feels extremely solid .
Here it is , it dwarfs the 3D printed prototype .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Assembly : It is easy ! The string will come with a small loop tied on one end , the loop will be inserted over one of the hub handles and secured between the two O-rings . 28 beads are threaded onto the other end of the string and slid along the length of the string so that they are near the fixed loop . Now the fun part , grab the first 5 or 6 beads and string near the fixed loop in one hand and hold the hub with the other hand . Now lay the string directly from the fixed loop to the first slot on the disk , now let loose your first bead from your string hand and lay the string into the slot on the opposite disk being sure to offset the slots ( zero offset would result in stagnant beads ) . The first string and bead set up the pattern for the entire set of 28 beads . Route the string to the adjacent slot at the same distance from the main axis and repeat the same steps until all 28 beads are used . Please watch the assembly video as it is much easier than it sounds !
In the world of energy , the Holy Grail is a power source that 's inexpensive and clean , with no emissions . Well over 100 start-ups in Silicon Valley are working on it , and one of them , Bloom Energy , is about to make public its invention : a little power plant-in-a-box they want to put literally in your backyard .
You 'll generate your own electricity with the box and it 'll be wireless . The idea is to one day replace the big power plants and transmission line grid , the way the laptop moved in on the desktop and cell phones supplanted landlines .
It has a lot of smart people believing and buzzing , even though the company has been unusually secretive - until now .
Full Segment : The Bloom Box
Web Extra : The Magic Box
Web Extra : Plug-In Power Plant
Web Extra : Naming The Bloom Box
Web Extra : A Skeptic 's View
K.R . Sridhar invited `` 60 Minutes '' correspondent Lesley Stahl for a first look at the innards of the Bloom box that they have been toiling on for nearly a decade .
Looking at one of the boxes , Sridhar told Stahl it could power an average U.S. home .
`` The way we make it is in two blocks . This is a European home . The two put together is a U.S. home , '' they explained .
`` 'Cause we use twice as much energy , is that what you 're saying ? '' Stahl asked .
`` Yeah , and this 'll power four Asian homes , '' they replied .
`` So four homes in India , your native country ? '' Stahl asked .
`` Four to six homes in our country , '' Sridhar replied .
`` It sounds awfully dazzling , '' Stahl remarked .
`` It is real . It works , '' they replied .
They say they know it works because they originally invented a similar device for NASA . They really are a rocket scientist .
`` This invention , working on Mars , would have allowed the NASA administrator to pick up a phone and say , 'Mr . President , we know how to produce oxygen on Mars , ' '' Sridhar told Stahl .
`` So this was going to produce oxygen so people could actually live on Mars ? '' they asked .
`` Absolutely , '' Sridhar replied .
When NASA scrapped that Mars mission , Sridhar had an idea : they reversed their Mars machine . Instead of it making oxygen , they pumped oxygen in .
They invented a new kind of fuel cell , which is like a very skinny battery that always runs . Sridhar feeds oxygen to it on one side , and fuel on the other . The two combine within the cell to create a chemical reaction that produces electricity . There 's no need for burning or combustion , and no need for power lines from an outside source .
In October 2001 they managed to get a meeting with John Doerr from the big Silicon Valley venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins .
`` How much do you think , ' I need to come up with the next big thing ' ? '' Stahl asked Doerr .
`` Oh , that 's my job , '' they replied . `` To find entrepreneurs who are going to change the world and then help them . ''
Doerr has certainly changed our world : he 's the one who discovered and funded Netscape , Amazon and Google . When they listened to Sridhar , the idea seemed just as transformative : efficient , inexpensive , clean energy out of a box .
`` But Google : $ 25 million . This man said , 'How much money ? ' '' Stahl asked .
`` At the time they said over a hundred million dollars , '' Doerr replied .
But according to Doerr that was okay .
`` So nothing they said scared you ? '' Stahl asked .
`` Oh , I was n't at all sure it could be done , '' they replied .
Benghazi Update : Recent LNA Advances
LibyaSecurityMonitor Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 12 , 2015
In the past week the Libyan National Army ( LNA ) has made significant advances in the eastern neighborhoods of Benghazi near the Benina Airport as well as southwest of the city . Fighting has continued in Central Benghazi , although no reports of clashes have emerged from the Sabri neighborhood for almost a week .
Buatni/Sidi Faraj :
On November 10 , LNA al-Saiqa forces seized and cleared an air defense base on the border of the Sidi Faraj and Buatni areas of Benghazi . This base was later identified as the main command and control node for ISIS/SCBR fighters in the area .
The pro-Dignity forces also captured additional territory in the Buatni neighborhood as well as the flour factory and a mosque in Sidi Faraj . The LNA produced two videos showing the “ liberated areas ” of Sidi Faraj and the recently seized Air Defense Camp .
Heavy fighting continued through the week in many neighborhoods of Benghazi while LNA social media sources reported that forces under the command of Col. Ali al-Thamin and Col. Salim al-Rahil now control “ all the important strategic sites ” in the Buatni and Sidi Faraj areas . These units have also severed ISIS ' ground lines of communication ( GLOCs ) to Laithi in anticipation of an assault on that neighborhood . Separate reports indicate that al-Saiqa forces supported by Salafist fighters have seized the Raqia School and a number of buildings surrounding the facility .
Additionally , the General Staff of the Libyan Army transferred the group of Salafist fighters known as Tawhid al-Salafiya to Souq al-Hout . The group previously had elements scattered across several neighborhoods of Benghazi including Hawari and Laithi .
West Benghazi :
On November 8 , the LNA Air Force ( LyAF ) targeted a convoy allegedly carrying heavy weapons and ammunition near the Nirouz resort in Benghazi , destroying it . LNA MiG-21 and MiG-23s also conducted airstrikes on the Mukhabara Camp in Gar Yunis , targeting SCBR artillery used to shell neighborhoods in the city . The LNA also reinforced its forces in Gar Yunis .
Further south , LNA Battalion 309 claimed to have captured and cleared the Palm Resort near the Mreissa Port west of Benghazi .
Sources :
( Akhbar Libya 24 ) ( LNA Statement ) ( LNA Statement ) ( LNA Statement ) ( Facebook ) ( Twitter ) ( LNA Facebook ) ( Twitter ) ( Twitter ) ( Twitter ) ( Libya Herald ) ( LNA Facebook ) ( LNA Facebook ) ( LNA Facebook ) ( LNA Facebook ) ( Libya Herald ) ( LNA Video ) ( LNA Video ) ( LNA Facebook )
Jack Halprin , a Google lawyer and now a landlord , stood resolute at the top of the stairs leading up to the seven-unit building at 812 Guerrero Street where they began Ellis Act evictions against six tenants earlier this year .
“ I do not intend to turn this into condos , ” they said on Friday at 8:20 a.m.as they let construction workers into the seven-unit Victorian . They declined , however , to talk about their intentions beyond suggesting that they would live in the building . “ You can talk to my attorney , ” they said before turning to go inside .
An hour later , many of their tenants who had started the morning with a protest in front of a Google bus at 18th Street and Dolores , marched up Guerrero Street and stood in front of their door . A workman walked down the stairs , but the only evidence of Halprin was an arm that reached out to close a second story door or window .
Halprin declined to respond to an email follow-up request for additional comment .
“ He is so fake , they had this plan all along , ” said Claudia Tirado , one of Halprin 's tenants , a third grade teacher and mother of a small child who has lived in the building for eight years . “ He bought it with a partner taking two flats , now he 's taking all seven . ”
Evan Wolkenstein , a teacher at the Jewish Community High School of the Bay who is also being evicted from their $ 1,700 a month one-bedroom apartment , added : “ He feels so empowered and they can do what they want . ”
While the tenants do n't believe Halprin will meet with them , they hope that Google or other tech companies might intervene . “ We would like to invite tech companies to support a conversation , ” Wolkenstein said . When asked if they had tried to contact Google they said , “ We do n't have that kind of access . ”
Tirado said things started off badly as soon as Halprin bought and moved into the seven-unit building two years ago . First , Halprin forced one tenant out under owner move-in laws . Then another existing tenant was evicted , again through the owner move-in process . Halprin told tenants that their domestic partner would be taking over the second unit . That partner , however , never materialized , according to Erin McElroy , an organizer with Eviction Free San Francisco . The affected tenant has since filed a wrongful eviction lawsuit against Halprin .
The remaining six tenants , which includes two teachers , a small child , an artist and a disabled senior , received Ellis Act eviction notifications in February of this year .
“ Why does n't they buy a regular house , why do they have to take seven units off the rental market , ” said a seemingly tearful Tirado , to a crowd gathering on 19th and Dolores in anticipation of blockading a Google bus . “ When Jack Halprin moved in two years ago , they saw me and my baby , they knew who they were kicking out . ”
Organized by the group Eviction Free Summer , the demonstration moved from 19th and Dolores to the Google bust stop at 18th . The crowd chanted “ Tenants Power , ” “ Jack Halprin out , Tenant 's rights in , ” and “ San Francisco not for sale . ”
Google employees were lined up in front of Dolores Park Café like any other day , but when the Google bus that normally turns at 18th Street went south on Dolores , the employees looked on , surprised and amused , and then quickly got on their phones . One called a dispatcher and presumably found out that the bus would return .
As they waited , one Google employee at the bus stop , who has been living in San Francisco for several years but working at Google for less than a year , said they thought it was “ a shame , ” about the housing situation in San Francisco but said they did n't know the details of the Guerrero evictions .
They applauded the recent legislation sponsored by Supervisor David Campos that will require the landlord to pay the difference between an evicted tenant 's old rent and the tenant 's new market rent for a couple of years . “ Housing is the main problem here and the city has to do a better job of building middle-income housing , ” they said . “ The city 's plan of building market rate housing is clearly not going to work. ” ( Note : This was corrected . An earlier version mis-quoted the worker who had correctly described the measure . )
For the protest 's organizers , the case of 812 Guerrero demonstrates the clear link between the tech giant 's presence in San Francisco and the rise in evictions .
“ Google is actually evicting people , ” said McElroy to the crowd , referring to Halprin . “ We 're demanding that Google put pressure on Jack Halprin to rescind these evictions . ”
After police officers ushered demonstrators out of the Google bus ' path , the march moved up Guerrero Street towards the house in question . Protest organizers as well Tirado and their fellow tenants moved up the steps of the building and spoke to the crowd through a megaphone .
“ I 've lived here for eight years . This is my home . I love this building and I love the people in it , ” said Evan Wolkenstein , a tenant in the building and a teacher at Jewish Community High School . “ We had a community where we knew each other…what was once a community of friends has become a piece of property to be traded and sold for money . ”
Tirado emerged from their apartment , accompanied by their young son , and held up a portrait of their family to show the crowd .
“ I want to stay here , my baby was born here , ” Tirado said . “ Jack Halprin , you do n't need seven units ! ”
Reflecting the growing public profile of Eviction Free San Francisco 's campaign , journalists from both local and global news outlets , including an organization from the Netherlands , were on hand to capture the day 's event . Housing rights activists show no signs of slowing down their work , a large-scale protest of the evictions of the city 's teachers is planned for this afternoon , starting at 5 p.m. at 20th and Dolores . Mission Local will have coverage of this event as well .
Manchester soon will be living high on the hog .
The owner of an East End barbecue joint is opening a new restaurant , Pig And Brew , along the Southside neighborhood 's commercial corridor at 1313 Hull St .
The new venture will be owned by Lamont Hawkins , the owner and pitmaster of Inner City Blues Carolina BBQ at 3015 Nine Mile Road , along with their godson Lamarr Johnson .
“ We thought it was the right time and opportunity , ” said Johnson . “ When you look at this area , there seems to be a lot of people and not enough dining options … so we thought it was time to move forward with our new restaurant here . ”
Pig And Brew will occupy 1,500 square feet in a building renovated by local investor/developer Charlie Westbrook , who is also a broker with One South Commercial .
Westbrook purchased 1309-1315 Hull Street in fall 2015 and redeveloped the buildings into 14 apartments and four ground-floor retail units . Its other commercial tenants are Red Dragon Tattoo and art gallery Manchester Contemporary .
Reilly Marchant , a broker with Cushman & Wakefield | Thalhimer , represented Pig And Brew in its lease .
Johnson said the group will continue operating its Inner City Blues location , which offers delivery and take-out only .
They hope to have Pig And Brew open before Thanksgiving , Johnson said , and are working to secure a contractor to complete the space . They said they plan to invest up to $ 40,000 and hire up to nine people for the location .
Hawkins said the menu will include smoked brisket and chicken , smoked wings and spare ribs . The restaurant will continue serving its signature pulled pork barbecue items , as well as side dishes such as collard greens , macaroni and cheese , green beans and baked beans .
“ We have a recipe that we 've perfected since 1974 , ” Hawkins said of the Carolina-style , vinegar-based barbecue . “ We 're going to continue that same tradition at this location , too , as well as add some other things . ”
Local beers will be offered along with a few national beer and wine brands .
Plans call for the space to accommodate plenty of seating , a bar area and five large TVs , Johnson said .
With a plan to add more daytime and late night options in Manchester , Johnson said , the restaurant will stay open from noon to 11 p.m. on Wednesday and Thursday , 2 a.m. on Friday and Saturday , and 8 p.m. on Sunday .
Manchester 's dining options , though limited to a handful of operators such as Camden 's Dogtown Market , Croker 's Spot and Ironclad Pizza , appears to be gaining some traction .
Café Zata , which has one coffee shop in Forest Hill , is set to open its second location in the former Blanchard 's Coffee Roasting facility at 700 Bainbridge St .
Johnson said now was the time to invest given the area 's continued residential growth .
“ There is great potential in the area , but the food options just have n't caught up , ” they said . “ We want to add our own take to what is already down there … and we think we 're going to be a good fit for the neighborhood . ”
Correction : An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Lamarr Johnson as co-owner of Inner City Blues . They are not an owner in that restaurant , but will be co-owner of Pig And Brew .
New York , February 3 , 2011 -- Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak unleashed an unprecedented and systematic attack on international media today as their supporters assaulted reporters in the streets while security forces began obstructing and detaining journalists covering the unrest that threatens to topple their government .
`` This is a dark day for Egypt and a dark day for journalism , '' said CPJ Executive Director Joel Simon . `` The systematic and sustained attacks documented by CPJ leave no doubt that a government-orchestrated effort to target the media and suppress the news is well under way . With this turn of events , Egypt is seeking to create an information vacuum that puts it in the company of the world 's worst oppressors , countries such as Burma , Iran and Cuba .
`` We hold President Mubarak personally responsible for this unprecedented action , '' said Simon , `` and call on the Egyptian government to reverse course immediately . ''
In the past 24 hours alone , CPJ has recorded 30 detentions , 26 assaults , and eight instances of equipment having been seized . In addition , plainclothes and uniformed agents reportedly entered at least two hotels used by international journalists to confiscate press equipment . On Wednesday , CPJ documented numerous earlier assaults , detentions , and confiscations . Mubarak forces have attacked the very breadth of global journalism : Their targets have included Egyptians and other Arab journalists , Russian and U.S. reporters , Europeans and South Americans .
`` The attacks on journalists , which began last week , have now intensified to levels unseen in Egypt 's modern history , '' said Mohamed Abdel Dayem , CPJ 's Middle East and North Africa program coordinator . `` We are concerned for the safety of our colleagues , and we 're alarmed at the prospect of these witnesses being sidelined at this crucial moment in Egyptian history . ''
Government officials , pro-government journalists , and commentators loyal to Mubarak have for the past two days been engaged in a systematic campaign to present foreigners , and particularly foreign journalists , as spies . CPJ has documented at least seven instances on state-owned television or on private stations owned by business people loyal to Mubarak in which individuals described elaborate foreign plots to destabilize Egypt that centered on foreign provocateurs , including journalists . In several instances , they were described as `` Israeli spies . '' In one instance , a woman whose face was obscured `` confessed '' to having been trained by `` Americans and Israelis . '' They went on to say that the alleged training took place in Qatar , where Al-Jazeera is based .
Here is a round-up of attacks on the press :
The Washington Post told CPJ that the paper 's Cairo bureau chief , Leila Fadel , and Linda Davidson , a photographer , were among a number of journalists detained this morning . Their unidentified driver and translator were also picked up , and the driver was beaten . Fadel and Davidson were freed late today , but the status of the driver and translator was unclear .
Corban Costa of Brazilian Radio Nacional and cameraman Gilvan Rocha of TV Brasil were detained , blindfolded , and had their passports and equipment seized , according to Brazilian news accounts . The two were reportedly held overnight without water in a windowless room in a Cairo police station . An officer forced the reporters to sign a statement in Arabic saying they would immediately leave Egypt for Brazil , reports said . `` We had to trust what they said , and sign the document , `` Corban said . They said they will be sent back to Brazil on Friday .
Polish state television TVP said that five journalists working in two crews -- Krzysztof Kołosionek and Piotr Bugalski ; and Michał Jankowski , Piotr Górecki , and Paweł Rolak -- were detained in Cairo and that one of their cameras was smashed . Krzysztof Kołosionek and Piotr Bugalski were released , according to Polish daily Gazeta Wyborcza .
The New York Times reported today that two of its reporters were released after they were detained overnight in Cairo .
Canadian Globe and Mail journalist Sonia Verma tweeted today that they were being taken `` into some kind of custody . '' They later reported that they were held by the military for three hours .
CNN-IBN reported that video journalist Rajesh Bharadwajm was `` taken away `` from Tahrir Square by military forces . Bharadwajm 's status was not immediately clear .
Maurice Sarfatti , who writes under the name Serge Dumont , was arrested twice within the past day , according to a statement from the daily Le Soir . The Belgian journalist , who was freed late today , works for a number of European publications .
A German freelance journalist was briefly detained between Alexandria and Cairo , Frank-Dieter Freiling , a senior vice president of ZDF-German Television , told CPJ in an e-mail .
Three Romanian TV crews were detained Wednesday and Thursday in Cairo , according to Antena 3 producer Vlad Petreanu , who e-mailed CPJ with details . On Wednesday , Adelin Petrisor , a reporter for the state-owned broadcaster TVR , and an unnamed cameraman were detained by Cairo police , searched , and later released . On Thursday , police detained Realitatea TV reporter Cristian Zarescu and their unidentified cameraman . Authorities confiscated their tapes before releasing them . Also on Thursday , Antena 3 reporter Carmen Avram and cameraman Cristian Tamas , were stopped by police . The men sent a text message late today saying they were being held for questioning .
Mubarak supporters stormed Cairo 's Hilton Hotel searching for journalists , Al-Jazeera reported today . Journalists inside the hotel posted a Tumblr BBC Foreign Editor Jon Williams tweeted : `` Egyptian security seize BBC equipment at Cairo Hilton in attempt to stop us broadcasting . '' entry that said : `` About 20 foreign journalists are currently holed up . ''
Rachel Beth Anderson , a freelance videographer in Cairo , tweeted that `` cameras & phones disappearing from journo hotel rooms in the Semiramis hotel ! We 're locked inside by staff who says its orders from outside . ''
Fox News reported that correspondent Greg Palkot and producer Olaf Wiig were hospitalized after being beaten by protesters in Cairo .
The Swedish public broadcaster SVT reported that its correspondent in Egypt , Bert Sundström , is recovering from stab wounds to the stomach in a Cairo hospital . STV said it lost touch with Sundström as they were reporting in Tahrir Square and when they finally reached them on their cell phone , a man answered and told the station that they had been `` taken by the military . '' STV 's Ingrid Thörnqvist told the online Aftonbladet : `` He is seriously injured , but the condition is stable . ''
The Greek daily newspaper Kathimerini said its correspondent in Cairo , Petros Papaconstantino , was `` briefly hospitalized with a stab wound to the leg '' after an attack by Mubarak supporters in Tahrir Square , according to The Associated Press . The reporter wrote on Kathimerini 's site : `` I was spotted by Mubarak supporters . They ... beat me with batons on the head and stabbed me lightly in the leg . Some soldiers intervened , but Mubarak 's supporters took everything I had on me in front of the soldiers . '' AP also reported that an unidentified Greek newspaper photographer was punched in the face .
The Associated Press reported that CBS reporter Mark Strassman and a camera operator were attacked while trying to photograph people throwing rocks . Strassman told AP that demonstrators punched and sprayed with Mace their camera operator , whom they did not identify . `` As soon as one started , it was like blood in the water , '' they said .
Dima Salem , a reporter for Dubai-based Al-Arabiya television , was attacked by pro-Mubarak supporters who took their cameraman 's equipment and tried to beat her , the station said . Witnesses helped them escape , Al-Arabiya reported on the air .
Two Al-Jazeera English journalists were attacked by Mubarak supporters , the Qatar-based satellite station reported on the air . Three other network reporters were detained in Cairo , the station reported . No names were given .
Alfred Yaghobzadeh , a French photographer working for SIPA Press agency , was beaten while covering street protests , according to AP , which moved a photo of the journalist being aided by witnesses .
The AP reported that men wielding sticks disrupted operations and seized satellite equipment at one of its locations .
A BBC producer tweeted that Margaret Evans , a CBC reporter , was forced to hand over recording equipment to military forces in Tahrir Square .
Margaret Warner , a senior correspondent for the U.S.-based `` PBS Newshour , '' had their camera confiscated . Warner tweeted today : `` PBS NewsHour arrives Cairo . Camera gear inspected & confiscated . 2 hours & we 're still haggling . ''
At least four Spanish journalists were attacked in Cairo , according to news reports . Joan Roura , a correspondent for TV3 , a Catalan public television station , was attacked by men who tried to steal their mobile phone while they were conducting a live broadcast for the 24 hours news channel . Assaults were also reported against Sal Emergui , a correspondent for Catalan radio RAC1 ; Gemma Saura , a correspondent for the newspaper La Vanguardia ; and Mikel Ayestaran , a correspondent for the newspaper Vocento/ABC .
Several Turkish journalists were attacked by Mubarak supporters , according to news reports . Cumali Önal of Cihan News Agency and Doğan Ertuğrul of the Turkish Star Daily were attacked and beaten by pro-Mubarak supporters on Wednesday . Both were in stable condition today .
Men with knives seized Erol Candabakoğlu , a Turkish Fox TV reporter , along with their unidentified cameraman and driver on Wednesday while they were filming in the Boulaq neighborhood of Cairo , according to news reports . The Turkish news agency Anatolia reported that Egyptian police later freed them .
Metin Turan , a reporter for the Turkish state-run TRT channel , was assaulted today and beaten by Mubarak supporters , who seized their camera , money , and cell phone , according to the Turkish newspaper Today 's Zaman . The reporter escaped and sought refuge at the Turkish Embassy ; e mbassy officials told the paper they would take Turan to the hospital because they suffered from wounds and bruises . Isa Simsek , a photographer for Today 's Zaman , was also assaulted today by a Mubarak supporter , according to news reports .
Popular Egyptian blogger Mahmoud ( aka `` Sandmonkey '' ) tweeted : `` I was ambushed & beaten by the police , my phone confiscated , my car ripped apar & supplies taken . '' They said they were briefly detained .
Wally Nell , a photographer for the California-based Zuma Press agency , was wounded under the 6th October Bridge at the Corniche on the Nile in downtown Cairo , according to accounts posted by family and friends . Those accounts described Zell as having suffered multiple pellet wounds after being fired upon by police .
At least four contributors to Demotix , a U.K.-based citizen journalism website and photo agency , were also attacked , Turi Munthe , Demotix CEO , told CPJ in an e-mail . The four included Nour El Refai and Mohamed Elmaymony .
The British-based communications company Vodafone accused the Egyptian government of hijacking its text messaging services and sending out text messages supportive of Mubarak , according to news reports .
Multiple journalists for state-owned or government-aligned media have resigned or have refused to work after the government put pressure on them to sanitize the news or to not report on violence against demonstrators , several CPJ sources said . Shahira Amin , an anchor on the state-owned Nile TV channel , said on the air on another channel : `` I refuse to be a hypocrite . I feel liberated . ''
EDITOR 'S NOTE : The original version of this alert was extensively updated to include numerous additional attacks and to provide context .
The state 's chief environmental regulator has quietly begun a year-long study of fugitive methane emissions in a bid to calm community concerns about the coal seam gas industry .
Believed to be the first of its kind , the CSIRO study is tracking methane emissions across the seasons from 12 NSW sites , ranging from wetlands and landfills to the three main CSG gas fields and coalmines .
The CSIRO has begun its first study of rogue methane leaks . Credit : Ryan Osland
`` We 're hoping to contribute another piece of the puzzle to the debate on methane , '' said Carmen Dwyer , CSG project manager at the Environment Protection Authority , which commissioned the CSIRO work . `` It is not a regulatory study – it is not going to say , 'you need to do more ' . ''
The CSIRO began monitoring the emissions in June , with the results likely to be completed by early 2016 . Fugitive emissions are unintended gas leaks .
Final Fantasy Adventure ( known as Mystic Quest in Europe and Seiken Densetsu : Final Fantasy Gaiden , or Legend of the Holy Sword : Final Fantasy Gaiden , in Japan ) is a spin-off title from the main Final Fantasy series , released for the Game Boy handheld console . Becoming the first game of what would become the Mana video game series , it was marketed as a Final Fantasy title . However , its gameplay held more similarities to the Legend of Zelda games of that time . It was met with generally positive reviews , noting its strong story but faulting its shaky dialogue in the English versions .
In its 2003 Game Boy Advance remake , the game was retitled Sword of Mana ( Shinyaku Seiken Densetsu , or The New Testament : Legend of the Holy Sword , in Japan ) , and its Final Fantasy elements removed . A second , more faithful remake was released exclusively for Japanese mobile phones in 2006 , retaining the Final Fantasy elements and subtitle .
On September 17 , 2015 at Tokyo Game Show , Square Enix announced a third , 3D remake of the game for PlayStation Vita , iOS , and Android for a winter release in Japan under its original title . [ 1 ] On January 8 , 2015 , Square Enix confirmed a localization of the remake for iOS and Android as Adventures of Mana , but not PlayStation Vita , [ 2 ] although Square Enix was gauging interest in a Vita release for the west . [ 3 ] The game launched globally on February 4 , 2016 for Android and iOS . The PS Vita version was released digitally in Europe on June 27 , 2016 , and a day later in North America . The game is also part of a Mana series anthology titled Seiken Densetsu Collection for the Nintendo Switch system , released in Japan on June 1 , 2017 .
Services for feature phones in Japan were discontinued March 31 , 2018 ( JST ) along with other titles in the Square Enix Mobile portfolio .
Contents show ]
Gameplay Edit
The gameplay is similar to the original Legend of Zelda for the NES : the world is viewed from a bird's-eye view angle and comprises single screens that take up the entire viewing area . Saving is possible at any point . The player can interact with individuals within towns to gather information and buy or sell items and equipment .
Sumo progresses through a number of different areas , with a different goal in each location . The game features grasslands , a marsh , a coastal beach , a forest , deserts , snowfields , a mountainous region , and two small islands . Players are able to progress from area to area either by obtaining a key that opens the way or by finding the weapon that will allow Sumo to destroy whatever is blocking the path .
Enemies can be battled on the fields and inside dungeons to gain experience , GP , or randomly dropped items . Within dungeon areas are a number of puzzles that are required to be solved in order for the player to advance . The player starts with a sword and eventually gains an axe , a chain-flail , a spear , and a mace . Each of these weapons can be used to destroy certain features of the environment ; e.g . the axe can cut down trees and open up new paths for Sumo .
The main character possesses several statistics , including hit points , power , and stamina , which can all increase upon gaining a level . Magic spells , which expend the character 's MP , can be used to heal oneself or damage enemies . These spells can only be found in certain locations or obtained from other characters at specific plot intervals . In addition , the protagonist has a `` will '' gauge that affects their attack strength—the higher the gauge , the stronger their attack will be . The gauge fills up slowly over time , at a speed dictated by the character 's `` will level , '' but is emptied upon attacking . When the gauge is completely filled up , the next attack will be converted into a special attack , depending on the weapon equipped .
Characters Edit
The names Sumo and Fuji are taken from the English manual and are subsequently the default choice in the localization of the 3D remake , though both of these characters can be named by the player .
Player Character
Sumo - the protagonist of the story and the only playable character . They are joined during certain sections by secondary characters who provide essential assistance , however , they can not be controlled .
Guests
These guests will join at certain points , but can not be controlled .
Fuji - Fuji is a mysterious girl that has a pendant which is the key to the the power of Mana .
Mysterious Man - Sumo meets them inside the Cave of Marsh . They immediately offers their help in finding the Mirror that can help them find the Fuji .
Watts - Watts is a dwarf , they join Sumo in finding the Silver so he 'll be able to pass through Gaia Pass .
Bogard - Bogard is a former Gemma Knight , but still powerful . They help Sumo save Fuji inside the airship .
Amanda - Sumo meets them at the beginning of the game , but they meet them again inside the Cave of Medusa to find the Tears of Medusa to free Lester from the curse cast by Davias .
Lester - Lester is the brother of Amanda . Sumo sees them in the form of a parrot inside Davias ' Mansion . They join Sumo upon breaking the curse Davias put upon him .
Marcie - Marcie is a robot built by Dr. Bowow . Marcie lived in the Dime Tower ever since it sank beneath the sand .
Chocobo/Chocobot - Sumo finds its egg near north of Menos inside a forest and upon hatching , believes that Sumo is its mother . Sumo later meets Dr. Bowow and learns that chocobo 's leg was wounded , they mechanized it , and names them Chocobot .
Story Edit
Spoilers end here .
Music Edit
The Seiken Densetsu Original Sound Version was released in Japan alongside the game . Most of the tracks were composed by Kenji Itō , while track 16 , `` Chocobo Tanjou ( Chocobo 's Birth ) '' , is credited to noted Squaresoft composer Nobuo Uematsu . Seiken Densetsu : Omoi wa Shirabe ni Nosete ( Let Thoughts Ride On Knowledge ) , a set of arranged tracks , was also released the same year . Both albums were compiled into Seiken Densetsu : Sound Collections , originally released in 1995 .
Development Edit
Square Co. , Ltd. trademarked the title Seiken Densetsu : The Emergence of Excalibur in 1987 , intending to use it for a game project led by Kazuhiko Aoki for the Famicom Disk System . According to early advertisements , the game would consist of an unprecedented five floppy disks , making it one of the largest titles developed for the Famicom up until that point . Although Square solicited pre-orders for the game , Kaoru Moriyama , a former Square employee , affirmed that management canceled the ambitious project before it advanced beyond the early planning stages , possibly due to the company 's close proximity to bankruptcy .
In October 1987 , customers who had placed orders were sent a letter informing them of the cancellation and had their purchases refunded . The letter also suggested considering placing an order on another upcoming Square role-playing game in a similar vein : Final Fantasy .
Four years later , in 1991 , Squaresoft developed a Game Boy game under the working title Gemma Knights , and then revived the name they had trademarked back in 1987 and released the game as Seiken Densetsu : Final Fantasy Gaiden , fusing the concepts of both games together . It was later released in Europe as Mystic Quest and Final Fantasy Adventure in North America .
In 1998 , Sunsoft obtained the license for the game and re-released it along with the Final Fantasy Legend games .
The game later received an update and overhaul for the Game Boy Advance handheld , the game was renamed Sword of Mana with an updated story and updating the setting to remove the Final Fantasy elements .
Revealed during Square Enix 's E3 2006 press conference , the game received an additional port for mobile phones in Japan and and released on August 16 , 2006 for SoftBank 's 3G network . It was later ported onto i-Mode distribution service on November 6 , 2006 and EZweb distribution service on February 5 , 2007 . The gameplay of the port is said to be more like the original version of the game , but featuring updated graphics and sound . It also has an improved world map , and a new sickle . The 3D remake , released about ten years later , is relatively close in execution to this version and includes a Ring Menu navigation system based on Sword of Mana .
Final Fantasy Adventure II Edit
The North American localization of Secret of Mana was initially advertised as Final Fantasy Adventure II in Nintendo Power and Final Fantasy Adventure 2 in Electronic Gaming Monthly . The first Seiken Densetsu game was localized as Final Fantasy Adventure .
Add an image
Packaging artwork Edit
Add an image
Trivia Edit
There are quite a few Final Fantasy classes appearing in the game . For instance , the White Mage and Thief appear as NPCs in various towns , a Red Mage known as the Mysterious Man aiding Sumo , and Black Mage and Ninja are enemies .
References Edit
MUMBAI : Demonetisation has helped to boost deposit growth even at a time when banks have reduced the interest rates on term deposits.Deposits rose 13.9 % or Rs 12.7 lakh crore to Rs 105 lakh crore against a 10 % rise reported last year , according data released by the Reserve Bank of India.This growth was spurred by conversion of cash and currency into deposits as the government banned 500 and 1000 currency notes.People were forced to deposit their old high value currency notes with banks over the months of November and December of last year and at the same time the central bank was releasing cash at a slow pace.While deposits grew , credit growth has not shown any pick up as it has remained muted at around 5 % with the total outstanding bank credit standing at Rs 74 lakh crore.As a result banks were forced to park surplus funds in government bonds which helped lower yields which in turn has helped government raise cheaper funds. “ The surplus liquidity in the banking system , created by demonetisation , will lower borrowing costs and increase the access to credit . This will boost economic activity , with multiplier effects , ” said Arun Jaitley , finance minister during the Union Budget speech on Wednesday.The pace of deposit growth can slow down in the coming months with more and more new currency coming back into the system . Currency in circulation rose for the third straight week to Rs 10.2 lakh crore as of January 27 .
ADELAIDE is believed to have guaranteed Kurt Tippett $ 200,000 outside of their contract and suggested the arrangement be kept secret from the league .
The AFL is investigating correspondence between the Crows and Tippett 's management that refers to a list of companies that could provide the additional payments , not acknowledged in the three-year contract the forward signed in 2009 .
The letter sent from former Crows football manager John Reid to Tippett 's manager Peter Blucher is also understood to provide a guarantee the Crows would cover the money - split over two years - if it was not sourced via the third parties .
Tippett 's immediate future was in limbo last night , with a trade to Sydney or any other club unlikely to be approved ahead of the conclusion of the three-week trade period at 2pm today .
PLEASANT GROVE , Ala. ( AP ) - Firefighters searched one splintered
pile after another for survivors Thursday , combing the remains of
houses and neighborhoods pulverized by the nation 's deadliest
tornado outbreak in almost four decades . At least 290 people were
killed across six states - more than two-thirds of them in Alabama ,
where large cities bore the half-mile-wide scars the twisters left
behind .
The death toll from Wednesday 's storms seems out of a bygone
era , before Doppler radar and pinpoint satellite forecasts were
around to warn communities of severe weather . Residents were told
the tornadoes were coming up to 24 minutes ahead of time , but they
were just too wide , too powerful and too locked onto populated
areas to avoid a horrifying body count .
`` These were the most intense super-cell thunderstorms that I
think anybody who was out there forecasting has ever seen , '' said
meteorologist Greg Carbin at the National Weather Service 's Storm
Prediction Center in Norman , Okla .
`` If you experienced a direct hit from one of these , you 'd have
to be in a reinforced room , storm shelter or underground '' to
survive , Carbin said .
The storms seemed to hug the interstate highways as they
barreled along like runaway trucks , obliterating neighborhoods or
even entire towns from Tuscaloosa to Bristol , Va. One family rode
out the disaster in the basement of a funeral home , another by
huddling in a tanning bed .
In Concord , a small town outside Birmingham that was ravaged by
a tornado , Randy Guyton 's family got a phone call from a friend
warning them to take cover . They rushed to the basement garage ,
piled into a Honda Ridgeline and listened to the roar as the
twister devoured the house in seconds . Afterward , they could see
outside through the shards of their home and scrambled out .
`` The whole house caved in on top of that car , '' they said .
`` Other than my boy screaming to the Lord to save us , being in that
car is what saved us . ''
Son Justin remembers the dingy white cloud moving quickly toward
the house .
`` To me it sounded like destruction , '' the 22-year-old said .
`` It was a mean , mean roar . It was awful . ''
At least three people died in a Pleasant Grove subdivision
southwest of Birmingham , where residents trickled back Thursday to
survey the damage . Greg Harrison 's neighborhood was somehow
unscathed , but they remain haunted by the wind , thunder and
lightning as they built to a crescendo , then suddenly stopped .
`` Sick is what I feel , '' they said . `` This is what you see in
Oklahoma and Kansas . Not here . Not in the South . ''
Alabama Gov . Robert Bentley said their state had confirmed 204
deaths . There were 33 deaths in Mississippi , 33 in Tennessee , 14 in
Georgia , five in Virginia and one in Kentucky . Hundreds if not
thousands of people were injured - nearly 800 in Tuscaloosa alone .
Some of the worst damage was about 50 miles southwest of
Pleasant Grove in Tuscaloosa , a city of more than 83,000 that is
home to the University of Alabama . The storms destroyed the city 's
emergency management center , so the school 's Bryant-Denny Stadium
was turned into a makeshift one . School officials said two students
were killed , though they did not say how they died . Finals were
canceled and commencement was postponed .
Tuscaloosa Mayor Walter Maddox told reporters that police and
the National Guard will impose a curfew at 10 p.m. Thursday , and 8
p.m. the next night . Authorities have been searching for survivors
so far , but Maddox said they will begin using cadaver dogs on
Friday .
A tower-mounted news camera in Tuscaloosa captured images of an
astonishingly thick , powerful tornado flinging debris as it leveled
neighborhoods .
That twister and others Wednesday were several times more severe
than a typical tornado , which is hundreds of yards wide , has winds
around 100 mph and stays on the ground for a few miles , said
research meteorologist Harold Brooks at the Storm Prediction
Center .
`` There 's a pretty good chance some of these were a mile wide ,
on the ground for tens of miles and had wind speeds over 200 mph , ''
they said .
The loss of life is the greatest from an outbreak of U.S .
tornadoes since April 1974 , when the weather service said 315
people were killed by a storm that swept across 13 Southern and
Midwestern states .
Brooks said the tornado that struck Tuscaloosa could be an EF5 -
the strongest category of tornado , with winds of more than 200 mph
- and was at least the second-highest category , an EF4 .
Search and rescue teams fanned out to dig through the rubble of
devastated communities that bore eerie similarities to the Gulf
Coast after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , when town after town lay
flattened for nearly 90 miles .
In Phil Campbell , a small town of 1,000 in northwest Alabama
where 26 people died , the grocery store , gas stations and medical
clinic were destroyed by a tornado that Mayor Jerry Mays estimated
was a half-mile wide and traveled some 20 miles .
`` We 've lost everything . Let 's just say it like it is , '' Mays
said . `` I 'm afraid we might have some suicides because of this . ''
President Barack Obama said they would travel to Alabama on Friday
to view storm damage and meet Bentley and affected families . As
many as a million homes and businesses there were without power ,
and Bentley said 2,000 National Guard troops had been activated to
help . The governors of Mississippi and Georgia also issued
emergency declarations for parts of their states .
`` We ca n't control when or where a terrible storm may strike ,
but we can control how we respond to it , '' Obama said . `` And I want
every American who has been affected by this disaster to know that
the federal government will do everything we can to help you
recover and we will stand with you as you rebuild . ''
The storm prediction center said it received 164 tornado reports
around the region , but some tornadoes were probably reported
multiple times and it could take days to get a final count .
In fact , Brooks said 50 to 60 reports - from the
Mississippi-Alabama line , through Tuscaloosa and Birmingham and
into Georgia and southwestern Tennessee - might end up being a
single tornado . If that 's true its path would be one of the longest
on record for a twister , rivaling a 1925 tornado that raged for 219
miles .
Brooks said the weather service was able to provide about 24
minutes ' notice before the twisters hit .
`` It was a well-forecasted event , '' Brooks said . `` People were
talking about this week being a big week a week ago . ''
Gov . Bentley said forecasters did a good job alerting people ,
but there 's only so much they can do to help people prepare .
Carbin , the meteorologist , noted that the warning gave residents
enough time to hunker down , but not enough for them to safely leave
the area .
`` You 've got half an hour to evacuate the north side of
Tuscaloosa . How do you do that and when do you do that ? Knowing
there 's a tornado on the ground right now and the conditions in
advance of it , you may inadvertently put people in harm 's way , '' they
said .
Officials said at least 13 died in Smithville , Miss. , where
devastating winds ripped open the police station , post office , city
hall and an industrial park with several furniture factories .
Pieces of tin were twined high around the legs of a blue water
tower , and the Piggly Wiggly grocery store was gutted .
`` It 's like the town is just gone , '' said 24-year-old Jessica
Monaghan , wiping away tears as they toted 9-month-old son Slade
Scott . The baby 's father , Tupelo firefighter Tyler Scott , was at
work when the warning came on the TV .
`` It said be ready in 10 minutes , but about that time , it was
there , '' Monaghan said . She , Slade and the family 's cat survived by
hiding in a closet .
At Smithville Cemetery , even the dead were not spared :
Tombstones dating to the 1800s , including some of Civil War
soldiers , lay broken on the ground . Brothers Kenny and Paul Long
dragged their youngest brother 's headstone back to its proper
place .
Unlike many neighboring towns , Kenny Long said , Smithville had
no storm shelters .
`` You have warnings , '' Long said , `` but where do you go ? ''
Some fled to the sturdy center section of Smithville Baptist
Church . Pastor Wes White said they clung to each other and anything
they could reach , a single `` mass of humanity '' as the building
disintegrated around them .
The second story is gone , the walls collapsed , but no one there
was seriously hurt . The choir robes remained in place , perfectly
white .
Seven people were killed in Georgia 's Catoosa County , including
in Ringgold , where a suspected tornado flattened about a dozen
buildings and trapped an unknown number of people .
`` It happened so fast I could n't think at all , '' said Tom Rose ,
an Illinois truck driver whose vehicle was blown off the road at
I-75 North in Ringgold , near the Tennessee line .
Catoosa County Sheriff Phil Summers said several residential
areas had `` nothing but foundations left , '' and that some people
reported missing had yet to be found .
In Trenton , Ga. , nearly two dozen people took shelter in an Ace
Hardware store , including a couple walking by when an employee
emerged and told them to take cover immediately .
Lisa Rice , owner of S & L Tans in Trenton , survived by climbing
into a tanning bed with their two daughters . Stormy , 19 , and Sky , 21 .
`` We got in it and closed it on top of us , '' Rice said . `` Sky
said , ` We 're going to die . ' But , I said , ` No , just pray . Just pray ,
just pray , just pray . '' '
For 30 seconds , wind rushed around the bed and debris flew as
wind tore off the roof .
`` Then it just stopped . It got real quiet . We waited a few
minutes and then opened up the bed and we saw daylight , '' they said .
The badly damaged Moore Funeral Home , meanwhile , sheltered the
woman who cleans Larry Moore 's family business . When the first of
three storms hit and uprooted trees in their yard , they figured the
funeral home would be a safer place for their two children . As
shingles began sailing past the window , they headed for the
basement .
`` That 's what saved her , I guess , '' Moore said . `` It was over in
just a matter of seconds . They called 911 and emergency crews had to
help them get out . ''
The storm system spread destruction from Texas to New York ,
where dozens of roads were flooded or washed out .
In a large section of eastern Tennessee , officials were looking
for survivors and assessing damage . In hard-hit Apison , an
unincorporated community near the Georgia state line where eight
people died , about 150 volunteers helped with the search .
It was unclear how high the death toll could rise . In
Mississippi , Lee County Sheriff Jim Johnson and a crew of deputies
and inmates searched the rubble , recovering five bodies and marking
homes that still had bodies inside with two large orange Xs .
`` I 've never seen anything like this , '' Johnson said . `` This is
something that no one can prepare for . ''
-- -
Mohr reported from Phil Campbell , Ala. Associated Press writers
Jay Reeves in Tuscaloosa ; Phillip Rawls in Montgomery ; Vicki Smith
in Morgantown , W.Va. ; Kristi Eaton in Norman , Okla. ; Ray Henry in
Ringgold , Ga. ; Meg Kinnard in Columbia , S.C. ; Michelle Williams in
Atlanta ; and Bill Poovey in Chattanooga , Tenn. , contributed to this
report .
( Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . )
Nearly 20 years after it hit American bookstores , French readers will finally be able to pick up David Foster Wallace 's tour-de-force postmodern novel Infinite Jest on Thursday . Appearing under the title L'infinie comédie , the novel 's translation is more than a dozen years in the making , as fascinatingly detailed by Slate.fr 's Titiou Lecoq .
Wallace has never been particularly famous in France , Lecoq explains , but their cult status and place in the 20th-century canon make it surprising that it has taken this long for their seminal work to hit French shelves . After Wallace 's novel was published in 1996 , literary agent Anna Jarota shopped the book around , but staid , well-established French publishers shied away from the novel 's untraditional form . Finally , in 2000 , a woman named Marion Mazauric launched their own small publishing house , Au Diable Vauvert , and bought the rights .
Mazauric 's plan was to make Wallace a household name in the French literary world : They would first release some of their short stories and essays . In 2005 , Au Diable Vauvert put out translations of Brief Interviews With Hideous Men and A Supposedly Fun Thing I 'll Never Do Again .
But it was n't easy to nail down a translator for Wallace 's 1,000-plus-page experimental novel . Infinite Jest has been translated in Italian , Spanish , German , Portuguese , and Brazilian Portuguese , and those endeavors , too , have proved difficult . As Amanda DeMarco wrote in Publishing Perspectives after the German translation was published a few years ago , “ Infinite Jest poses some special problems in translation ; a massive text , its pages are riddled with acronyms and American pop-culture references , as well as dialects , characters with idiosyncratic styles of speech , and a vocabulary that ranges from lettered to colloquial to technical to arcane . ”
When the professional translators Mazauric had planned on using fell through due to other commitments , they decided to look for a youthful voice who could capture Wallace 's casual tone . They chose Charles Recoursé , one of their junior editors , who they thought was perfect for the project . They were 26 at the time , about the same age Wallace was when they started writing Infinite Jest . The problem was that Recoursé had never translated anything before . And rather than throw them into the beast of Infinite Jest , Mazauric decided to have them start with a shorter , more accessible work : Wallace 's first novel , The Broom of the System . They then translated Girl With Curious Hair and This Is Water .
In the meantime , disaster struck for Au Diable Vauvert . In 2011 , while Mazauric was suffering from health problems , a software glitch left the publishing house unable to prove that it was still working on the Infinite Jest translation , and the rights were rescinded . In swooped the Éditions de l'Olivier , one of the big publishers that had passed on Infinite Jest back in the '90s . Olivier Cohen , who is the French editor of Jonathan Franzen , had n't liked David Foster Wallace when they first read him , but they were finally convinced to read Infinite Jest by Franzen and Jeffrey Eugenides . And they were impressed . “ What is brilliant in Infinite Jest , is that it 's a readable literary experience , ” Cohen told Lecoq . “ Wallace succeeded at capturing the sound of an entire generation . ”
Rather than keep Charles Recoursé on to translate , Cohen went with a more established translator , Francis Kerline , who has translated Franzen , Nick Hornby , Jack London , and other well-known Anglophone authors . The translation was finally supposed to come out in 2014 , but the project took longer than expected . Kerline spent three years on the translation , and the publisher still ended up needing to call on Recoursé , who had in the meantime translated Wallace 's unfinished novel The Pale King and the interview with David Lipsky on which the new film The End of the Tour is based , to help with the 300-plus endnotes . *
* Correction , Aug. 19 , 2015 : This post originally misstated that Infinite Jest has 300-plus pages of endnotes . It has 300-plus endnotes .
CHARACTER REVEAL : NEM
After an experiment gone wrong , Nem found themselves in an unfamiliar body . Them form had been mutated into that of a small garden snake , with only their cat head left intact .
Life as a cat snake is pretty hard . While they used to have paws to help them out , they were still always very clumsy . Now , without a paw to lean on , they struggle to perform basic everyday tasks . Despite their condition , their outlook on life remains outwardly hopeful .
Perhaps they still hold onto some resentment of their new form deep down . But then again , they seem happy enough- although their house is a real mess . Maybe you can help them with that ?
We 'll be finishing up these new feline faces this weekend and then moving onto some card reveals and screenshots of some upcoming stuff . Stay tuned~
JESUS OR MOHAMMED ? Who is greater and more important ? JESUS MUHAMMAD Jesus name means God is Savior , Immanuel-God with us as our Savior . Mohammed 's name means praised one Born about 4 BC . in Bethlehem Born of the Virgin Mary Isa.7:14 had no earthly father , Mt.1but conceived of the Holy Spirit . Born of Aminah In 570 A.D. in Mecca Raised by Mary Their mother and Joseph , Their adopted father . Raised by their mother , Halima the nurse , then their uncle and grandfather Prophesied by more than 300 scriptures for their first coming , fulfilled them all including Deut.18:15 . Muslims believe Mohammed is prophesied as the Comforter . And the prophet of Deut.18:15 Labored as a carpenter like their stepfather in Nazareth Their father was named Abd Allah after Allah . Started as a shepherd then became a camel-caravan leader Spoke in Hebrew , Aramaic , and probably Greek Spoke only Arabic , Muslims say they were illiterate Was literate , but wrote no books . They directly commissioned their dedicated followers to write and preach Their message . The Holy Spirit inspired them . Was literate ; an angel called Gabriel delivered the message . Wrote the Quran or as some say others heard their sayings and wrote them down as well . Attracted multitudes by Their teaching of God affirming the OT . Taught openly to multitudes as one having authority Attracted multitudes by their teaching and by the sword forcefully overthrowing the worship of multiple Gods . Miracles and healings were given freely , they healed all kinds of diseases . The Koran is their miracle . Did no miracles of healing or delivering people from demons . Moved to Capernaum because of rejection by Their townspeople and brothers and sisters Had to move to Medina because of rejection by their townspeople Was never married nor lusted for a woman Married to at least fifteen wives one of which was only 9 years old at the time . Lived a sinless life , never once prayed for forgiveness like other sinners , they forgave others . Prayed often for forgiveness of their sins as did all the prophets in the Old Testament and New Testament . Waged no war , said their kingdom was not of this world so their followers should not fight . Jesus said those who live by the sword will die by the sword . Mohammed was a warrior who waged war numerous holy wars ( Jihad ) against infidels and pagans . Fighting or leading in sixty-six battles to spread their message of monotheism Ordered the death of no one but instead died in place of the guilty murderer and all who have sinned . Ordered the death of many men and women ( the first was a poet ) to promote the message of monotheism among the pagans . Established a religion of truth , mercy and love even for enemies , invites all to come to Him . Established a monotheistic belief system , an earthly empire teaching all must obey the teachings of the Koran . Established a relationship with God and a spiritual kingdom not of this world that will last forever with them as the ruler . Established a religion of God being compassionate and merciful to the obedient but there are no guarantees for anyone . Died by crucifixion in place of others in Jerusalem at age 33 being totally innocent of any crime . Died in Medina due to effects of pneumonia at age 62 Arose from the dead the third day just like they predicted , emptying Their tomb , promises to raise everyone else and judge them . Still lingers in their grave awaiting the Day of Judgment by Jesus . The Bible inspires people to seek peace and the Gospel is called the Gospel of peace . The God of the Bible offers Their love gives us a choice to choose . They do not want anyone to perish in their sins . The Qu'ran condones fighting for God and the cause of Islam when necessary . It promotes genocide death to infidels and pagans and those who do not accept Islam when it is offered . Jesus is mentioned in the Quran 97 times Mohammed is mentioned in the Qu'ran 25 times Jesus is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible Mohammed is mentioned not once in the Bible Jesus is called a prophet , priest and King ( king of all Kings ) Mohammed is called an apostle in the Qu'ran and a prophet in Islam Old Testament predicts Their 2nd coming in more Scriptures than their first , which are 600 detailed accounts . Mohammed had only one self fulfilling prophecy , nothing in the Old Testament predicted their coming . Over 1,500,000,000 claim to be Their followers are known for their dedication , love , and caring for others . Building hospitals feeding the poor and helping to educate people all over the world showing the compassion of the God they serve . 1 billion are followers who are dedicated , zealous and still use force if necessary against non Muslims in their land where Islam is the countries religion . Christ prophesied of the end of the age and what it would be like when They come again . They will save Israel from their enemies . The Old and New Testament prophecies will be fulfilled by their 2nd coming . There is no teaching on Mohammed coming back again to rule or reign . Islam actually teaches Christ is coming back . The question that needs to be answered by all those religions that use Jesus in their teachings . How can you trust your life after death to a person who is still dead ? No matter how great any teacher is of the different religions if one looks at the claims of Christ they can find no fault with him . If one accepts what They said of themselves as true , then they are left with a a decision that can affect their eternal destiny . Go here to understand the Gospel/ Injil
Wilson Mizner ( May 19 , 1876 – April 3 , 1933 ) was an American playwright , raconteur , and entrepreneur . Their best-known plays are The Deep Purple , produced in 1910 , and The Greyhound , produced in 1912 . They were manager and co-owner of The Brown Derby restaurant in Los Angeles , California , and was part of the failed project of their older brother , Addison , to create a new resort in Boca Raton , Florida . Taking considerable liberties with their lives , they and Addison are the protagonists of Stephen Sondheim 's musical Road Show ( alternately known as Wise Guys , Gold ! , and Bounce ) .
Life [ edit ]
Wilson ( `` Bill '' ) Mizner was born in Benicia , California , one of eight children including brothers William , Edgar , Murray , Addison , Henry , and Lansing and sister Mary . [ 1 ] Sir Joshua Reynolds was their great-great-uncle . Their father , Lansing Bond Mizner , was named Benjamin Harrison 's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the Central American states , and the family moved to Guatemala for a year , the brothers spending their free time robbing churches , they later claimed . [ citation needed ] Both brothers made up unverifiable details about their foreign experiences .
In 1897 , Addison and Wilson , with brothers William and Edgar , traveled north to the Klondike Gold Rush in Canada , which they spent bilking miners rather than looking for gold . As they themselves told it , Wilson operated badger games , managed fighters , robbed a restaurant to get chocolate for their girlfriend `` Nellie the Pig '' Lamore ( saying `` Your chocolates or your life ! `` ) , [ 2 ] :25 and grub-staked prospector Sid Grauman , later of Grauman 's Chinese Theatre . [ citation needed ] They also claimed to have met Wyatt Earp , who became a lifelong friend . In Skagway , Alaska , Wilson met Jefferson Randolph `` Soapy '' Smith , whom Wilson considered their mentor . [ 3 ]
They followed gold seekers to Nome , Alaska when the Nome Gold Rush started in 1899 . As they told it ( there is no confirmation ) , they were known as the `` Prince of Nome '' , established McQuestion , a saloon/casino , and was appointed deputy sheriff , where their `` primary duty '' was `` to warn Eskimos that they 'd have to smell better . `` [ 2 ] :25
After leaving Alaska , they claimed to have run a banana plantation in Honduras for a few months , but returned to San Francisco to resume their career as a professional gambler . [ 2 ] :25 Once Addison had established themselves in New York , Wilson joined him , and became a New York dilettante , raconteur , and Broadway playwright . They married Mary Adelaide Yerkes , widow of industrialist Charles Tyson Yerkes , in 1906 . Wilson was penniless ( and 29 years old ) , while their new wife , aged 48 , [ 4 ] brought between $ 2 million and $ 7.5 million to the marriage and a $ 4 million mansion on Fifth Avenue , as well as several artistic masterpieces by Rembrandt , Van Gogh , and others , that Wilson duplicated , selling the copies as originals . The marriage did not last long , as the publicity generated `` numerous '' letters from California and Alaska warning the new Mrs. Mizner about their husband 's past criminal activities . [ 2 ] :26
They then made their living by gambling on luxury liners between New York and London , until the companies prohibited it . [ 2 ] :26 Wilson then managed the Rand Hotel on West Forty-ninth Street in New York , [ 5 ] posting signs that read `` Carry out your own dead '' [ 6 ] [ 7 ] and `` No opium smoking in the elevators . `` [ 8 ] They managed several boxers , fixing the fights to enhance their gambling revenues . One of their fighters , Stanley Ketchel , the greatest middleweight of their day , was murdered , [ 2 ] :26 and Wilson joked , `` Tell 'em to start counting ten over him , and he 'll get up . ''
Wilson 's playwriting career was undermined by their laziness and an opium addiction that started when they were prescribed painkillers after an assault . They were convicted in 1919 for running a gambling den on Long Island , and received a suspended sentence . [ 2 ] :26 After they were nearly beaten to death — the details are unknown — at Addison 's invitation they followed them to Palm Beach , Florida , where Addison and other investors were announcing a new resort , Boca Raton , Florida . [ 9 ] :53 Wilson was secretary and treasurer of the Mizner Development Corporation created in 1925 , in effect working for their brother . [ 2 ] :24 Unfortunately Addison 's plans were financially unsound and the Corporation was forced into receivership within a year , and bankruptcy soon after .
Addison could no longer pay Wilson , so they returned to California . There , they obtained backing from Jack L. Warner and Gloria Swanson and bought into and managed the Brown Derby , and wrote screenplays for some of the early talkies . Their best known film work is the screenplay for the Michael Curtiz film 20,000 Years in Sing Sing . Wilson called their Hollywood years `` a trip through a sewer in a glass-bottomed boat . `` [ 10 ] Several of the brothers ' friends from New York , including Marie Dressler and Ben Hecht , helped them in their later escapades .
Wilson Mizner is noted for many bons mots such as , `` Be nice to people on the way up because you 'll meet the same people on the way down , '' `` Never give a sucker an even break '' ( also attributed to W. C. Fields ) , [ 11 ] and `` When you steal from one author , it 's plagiarism ; if you steal from many , it 's research . `` [ 12 ] When President Calvin Coolidge died in 1933 , Mizner 's comment was `` How do they know ? `` [ 13 ] ( Coolidge was known as taciturn . ) Mizner has suffered the same fate as Dorothy Parker ; both are vividly remembered today for their witty repartee rather than for specific literary works .
Irving Berlin ( a friend of Addison ) wrote a song about Wilson : `` Black Sheep Has Come Back to the Fold '' . [ 2 ] :26 They began but did not complete a musical based on Wilson 's life . [ citation needed ]
Anita Loos and Robert Hopkins based the character played by Clark Gable in the movie San Francisco on Wilson Mizner , [ 14 ] whom Loos described as `` America 's most fascinating outlaw '' .
Biographer Alva Johnston , who is not held in high regard by more recent scholars , wrote :
[ Wilson ] Mizner had a vast firsthand criminal erudition , which they commercialized as a dramatist on Broadway and a screenwriter in Hollywood . At various times during their life , they had been a miner , confidence man , ballad singer , medical lecturer , man of letters , general utility man in a segregated district , cardsharp , hotel man , songwriter , dealer in imitation masterpieces of art , prizefighters , prizefight manager , Florida promoter , and roulette-wheel fixer . They were an idol of low society and a pet of high . They knew women , as their brother Addison said , from the best homes and houses .
That Wilson was a ballad singer , medical lecturer , `` general utility man in a segregated district , '' songwriter , and a roulette-wheel fixer are all undocumented except in unreliable Wilson 's own words .
At Warner Brothers [ edit ]
Around 1931 , Warner Bros. head producer Darryl Zanuck hired Mizner to work as a top screenplay writer for the studio 's First National films . [ 15 ] While at the studio , Mizner had hardly any respect for authority and found it difficult to work with studio boss Jack Warner . [ 15 ] Mizner , however , would indeed become a valuable asset to the studio 's films . [ 15 ] As time went by , Warner became more tolerant of Mizner and invested in the Brown Derby restaurant . [ 15 ]
Writings [ edit ]
Plays [ edit ]
The Only Law , 1909
, 1909 The Deep Purple , 1910
, 1910 The Greyhound , 1912
Stories [ edit ]
Filmography [ edit ]
Taken from IMDb : [ 16 ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
John Burke , Rogue 's Progress , New York , 1975 , ISBN 0-399-11423-8
, New York , 1975 , ISBN 0-399-11423-8 Alva Johnston , The Legendary Mizners , Farrar , Straus and Young , 1953 . ( Reissued in paperback 2003 , ISBN 978-0-374-51928-5 )
, Farrar , Straus and Young , 1953 . ( Reissued in paperback 2003 , ISBN 978-0-374-51928-5 ) Stuart B. McIver , Dreamers , Schemers and Scalawags , Pineapple Press , Florida , 1994 . ISBN 978-1-56164-155-0
, Pineapple Press , Florida , 1994 . ISBN 978-1-56164-155-0 Caroline Seebohm , Boca Rococo , Clarkson Potter , New York , 2001 . ISBN 0-609-60515-1
, Clarkson Potter , New York , 2001 . ISBN 0-609-60515-1 Edward Dean Sullivan , The Fabulous Wilson Mizner , The Henkle Company , New York , 1935 .
Further reading [ edit ]
School for Scoundrels ( 2002 ) . `` Wilson Mizner '' .
Brad Friedman Byon 10/30/2010 , 4:00pm PT
I received an email this afternoon from a PR person for CNN , letting me know about their new `` Tea Party Documentary '' to air tonight , as based on the work of one of their reporters who , they say , has `` followed the movement for the past 18 months '' in order to offer what is described as `` an hour of revealing interviews from their leadership and fascinating profiles of the impact of their energy on the 2010 midterms , their financial supporters and their campaigns . ''
The documentary , the PR rep 's original email went on to say , comes after their reporter `` spent considerable time with Lisa Murkowski , Christine O'Donnell , in California with Sal Russo of the Tea Party Express ( rode the bus ) , Dick Armey with FreedomWorks , etc . ''
You may recall a few weeks ago that CNN ran another documentary with a similar theme , called Right on the Edge following the work of Rightwing media activists . ( That one resulted in Republican scam-artist and federal criminal James O'Keefe making an ass of himself , as well as possibly violating the requirements of their federal probation , as we detailed at the time . )
As CNN has yet to run even one such documentary on non-Rightwing media activists or on the non-Rightwing politicians who have struggled over those same 18 months to clean up the unprecedented disaster they were left with when the Bush regime came to a close , I thought I 'd point that out -- - in my own , snarky-ish ( me ? snarky ? ) way -- - to the PR person in respones to their email .
The email exchange that ensued follows below , as posted with their permission . I have removed their name as I feel they were only doing their job here , and they appeared to both appreciate the message I was hoping to send , and offered to pass it along to the folks who actually help with programming decisions at CNN ...
Sent : Saturday , October 30 , 2010 11:18 AM
To : Brad Friedman
Subject : CNN 's Tea Party Documentary From : XXXXXXXXXXSent : Saturday , October 30 , 2010 11:18 AMTo : Brad FriedmanSubject : CNN 's Tea Party Documentary Hi Brad ,
I recently discovered your column - my sincerest apologies to you for the lateness of that discovery , but I thought that this documentary would be of interest . Our intrepid reporter Shannon Travis has followed the movement for the past 18 months and the result is an hour of revealing interviews from their leadership and fascinating profiles of the impact of their energy on the 2010 midterms , their financial supporters and their campaigns . They spent considerable time with Lisa Murkowski , Christine O'Donnell , in California with Sal Russo of the Tea Party Express ( rode the bus ) , Dick Armey with FreedomWorks , etc . For an excerpt from the documentary , please visit http : //edition.cnn.com/v ... boiling.point.alaska.cnn . For your consideration ... kind regards ,
XXXXXXXXXX
Sent : Saturday , October 30 , 2010 12:58 PM
To : XXXXXXXXXX
Subject : Re : CNN 's Tea Party Documentary From : Brad FriedmanSent : Saturday , October 30 , 2010 12:58 PMTo : XXXXXXXXXXSubject : Re : CNN 's Tea Party Documentary Thanks much , XXXXXXXXXX ! Have appeared on your air many times , so sorry to hear you just found me . But , in any case , glad you did ! The documentary looks very interesting ! I 'd love to cover it side by side with your documentary on the folks who have been trying to clean up the unprecedented mess/crises of the previous eight years over the last 18 months . Got a link to that documentary as well so I can run them both side by side to provide a helpful contrast to my readers before this important Election Day ? Brad P.S . I should also add that I enjoyed CNN 's other recent hour-long documentary on Rightwing media activists , `` Right on the Edge '' , but did n't hear about any similar specials on the work of non-Rightwing media activists . Will CNN have one of those available before next Tuesday 's important election as well ?
Sent : Saturday , October 30 , 2010 1:45 PM
To :
Subject : RE : CNN 's Tea Party Documentary From : XXXXXXXXXXSent : Saturday , October 30 , 2010 1:45 PMTo : Brad.friedman @ cville.com Subject : RE : CNN 's Tea Party Documentary Hey Brad , I can appreciate your perspective . If you do n't mind my sharing your point of view with the team assembling the viewer feedback on the documentary , please do send me your thoughts once you 've seen the show . I can tell you honestly that the feedback matters . Also , I believe if you watch tonight 's show though , you 'll find in many ways , it may be different from what you may expect . all best ,
XXXXXXXXXX
Sent : Saturday , October 30 , 2010 2:13 PM
To : XXXXXXXXXX
Subject : RE : CNN 's Tea Party Documentary From : Brad FriedmanSent : Saturday , October 30 , 2010 2:13 PMTo : XXXXXXXXXXSubject : RE : CNN 's Tea Party Documentary Fair enough . And I 'd be happy if you sent it to them . Mind if I share our exchange with my readers without including your name , identifying you only as a `` PR person for CNN '' ? For the record , have n't seen the newest documentary , of course , but if you 're suggesting that you all may be critical of the folks on the Right you 're documenting , in some fashion , that 's fine . But I suspect you 're also balanced enough to show them in a positive light . That 's two documentaries in a row showing Rightwingers in a positive light , with zero in a row showing non-Rightwingers in such a light . Ca n't imagine you guys doing even one such doc about non-Rightwingers , much less two in a row , frankly . Brad
They replied with their permission to post the above , with the attribution that I offered to use , and concluded by noting `` When we receive them , I can say that reasonable expressions of perspective like yours are definitely read and they do matter . ''
Well , I suppose this is the day for reasonableness after all .
Sam Allardyce has thrown their hat into U.S. Soccer 's most open ring .
The retired former England and Premier League manager addressed a rumor linking them to the vacant job as United States men 's soccer team coach , telling talkSPORT 's mid-morning show Wednesday he 's interested in succeeding Bruce Arena , who resigned in the aftermath of Team USA 's failure to qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup .
“ If I ever go back into football , an international position again might be of interest to me , ” Allardyce said . “ Whether that is the USA , who knows .
“ If we got to that stage where we there are an interview , you would assess whether you have a chance of being successful with that national side and , if you do , is that a better challenge for me at this stage of my life ? ”
The Allardyce-to-USA rumor emerged Tuesday when sources close to the 63-year-old told ESPN 's Mark Ogden they might be keen on the job . Their response to the report indicates they have n't had contact with the U.S. Soccer Federation in recent days but they also would n't be against having talks over the position . They also dismissed speculation about taking over the vacant Leicester City manager 's position , following Craig Shakespeare 's firing Tuesday .
Allardyce now is the unofficial leader among foreign candidates for the job as U.S. Soccer coach . Ex-France boss Laurent Blanc also is “ open ” to the job , according France Football , but they have n't spoken publicly about it , as Allardyce has .
U.S. Soccer will name an interim coach in the coming weeks to lead the team in its November exhibition games . The federation will search for a permanent coach in the meantime .
Thumbnail photo via YouTube/FATV
Now that all the cool biology students wear skinny jeans and talk that superorganism jive , I 'd just like to say : Wired Science was there first .
In today 's New York Times profile of legendary evolutionary biologist E.O . Wilson , Nicholas Wade describes Wilson 's new fight :
The issue is the level at which evolution operates . Many evolutionary biologists have been persuaded , by works like “ The Selfish Gene ” by Richard Dawkins , that the gene is the only level at which natural selection acts . Dr. Wilson , changing their mind because of new data about the genetics of ant colonies , now believes that natural selection operates at many levels , including at the level of a social group .
I started covering group-level selection last summer , when the behavior of bass parasites in my parents ' pond made me wonder how characteristics that emerge through population-level interactions fit within the rubric of evolution .
Out of those musings came a series of posts on evolution and complexity , eventually culminating in a feature article , `` Biologists Take Evolution Beyond Darwin — Way Beyond . '' If you 're interested , here 's the whole series :
* Image : Kiron
*
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim 's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
TorrentFreak turned ten years old today , but even after 8,477 articles and nearly a million comments we 're really just getting started . A special thanks go out to everyone who 's helped to make this such an enjoyable ride so far .
Ten years ago I decided to install WordPress to start a blog about the intriguing world of BitTorrent and file-sharing .
Motivated by the lack of news reporting and information on the relatively new technology , TorrentFreak was born on November 12 , 2005 .
Today , TF is still here and bigger than I could have ever imagined .
I 'm not the type of person to write a lengthy essay about how it all came to be , but with this post I would like to thank all the people who helped to get the site were it is right now .
Although the number of visitors has steadily grown over the years the core TF team is still very small . With two main writers and no editorial staff we 're just a tiny operation compared to most other news sites .
Andy joined TF roughly a year after it started and without them the site would n't be where it is today . Their passion for news and the ability to spot and break the right stories has played a central role in the site 's evolution .
Long-time contributor Ben also helps to moderate the comments behind the scenes , aided by a handful of dedicated volunteers . And then there 's our server hamster and their loyal keeper , who have managed to keep the site online during the most demanding times .
TF is also grateful to have many reliable sources who are always willing to confirm news , provide comments , or send in leads . We could n't have come this far without them .
Finally , thanks to everyone who has helped us in any way , shape or form , especially the readers and all of our dedicated followers . Let 's add another ten years .
Onwards !
Image caption Angus Robertson told the conference `` we will work as hard as possible ''
The SNP has officially launched its drive for independence , announcing details of an `` unprecedented '' campaign to win the forthcoming referendum .
Campaign chief Angus Robertson told their party 's conference the SNP would appeal to people from all political backgrounds to secure a `` yes '' vote .
The campaign has also been boosted with a £1m bequest from Scotland 's former national poet , makar Edwin Morgan .
The SNP will hold the referendum near the end of the five-year parliament .
The party is coming under pressure from opposition politicians to hold the vote now , but the Nationalists say they are sticking to a manifesto commitment to stage it later , although they have still to name the date .
Addressing the final day of the first SNP conference since its landslide election win in May , Mr Robertson said : `` Today , we are announcing that the independence referendum campaign is starting .
`` We will work as hard as possible in an unprecedented national campaign to secure the majority 'yes ' vote for a sovereign independent Scotland . ''
Mr Robertson , the SNP 's Westminster leader , said the campaign would first seek to galvanise backing among party members , before aiming to win support for independence among people from other parties , as well as those with no political affiliation .
Work is under way to design an independence blueprint that can command popular support SNP treads `` road to independence ''
The Moray MP said the party would also reach out to people and communities across Scotland , street-by-street .
Mr Robertson also said the £918,000 donation from Mr Morgan , who died last year at the age of 90 , was `` ring-fenced '' for the referendum campaign .
They told the packed conference hall in Inverness : `` Fellow nationalists - this is it . It 's starting .
`` This is the roadmap to independence - the biggest ever campaign in our history , reaching every household , every voter in Scotland .
`` We will speak with as many voters as possible - supporters , waverers and people who have yet to be convinced . ''
Mr Robertson declared : `` This campaign is not for the SNP - it is a campaign for Scotland .
`` This is a campaign for everyone who lives in this country , regardless of where you come from .
`` This is a campaign to secure the best for our communities . This is a campaign to secure the best for our families and society .
`` This campaign is for everyone , regardless of which party you have voted for . ''
Lubeck
High level linear algebra library for Dlang
Required system libraries
See wiki : Link with CBLAS & LAPACK .
API
mtimes - General matrix-matrix , row-matrix , matrix-column , and row-column multiplications .
- General matrix-matrix , row-matrix , matrix-column , and row-column multiplications . mldivide - Solve systems of linear equations AX = B for X. Computes minimum-norm solution to a linear least squares problem if A is not a square matrix .
- Solve systems of linear equations AX = B for X. Computes minimum-norm solution to a linear least squares problem if A is not a square matrix . inv - Inverse of matrix .
- Inverse of matrix . svd - Singular value decomposition .
- Singular value decomposition . pca - Principal component analysis of raw data .
- Principal component analysis of raw data . pinv - Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse of matrix .
- Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse of matrix . det / detSymmetric - General/symmetric matrix determinant .
/ - General/symmetric matrix determinant . eigSymmetric - Eigenvalues and eigenvectors of symmetric matrix .
v0.0.6-beta :
Qr decomposition : qrDecomp with solve method
with method Cholesky : choleskyDecomp with solve method
with method LU decomposition : luDecomp with solve method
with method LDL decomposition : ldlDecomp with solve method
Example
/+dub.sdl : dependency `` lubeck '' version= '' ~ > 0.1 '' libs `` lapack '' `` blas '' +/ // or libs `` openblas '' import std.stdio ; import mir.ndslice : magic , repeat , as , slice ; import lubeck : mtimes ; void main ( ) { auto n = 5 ; // Magic Square auto matrix = n.magic.as ! double.slice ; // [ 1 1 1 1 1 ] auto vec = 1.repeat ( n ) .as ! double.slice ; // Uses CBLAS for multiplication matrix.mtimes ( vec ) .writeln ; matrix.mtimes ( matrix ) .writeln ; }
Related packages
This work has been sponsored by Symmetry Investments and Kaleidic Associates .
About Kaleidic Associates
We are a boutique consultancy that advises a small number of hedge fund clients . We are not accepting new clients currently , but if you are interested in working either remotely or locally in London or Hong Kong , and if you are a talented hacker with a moral compass who aspires to excellence then feel free to drop me a line : laeeth at kaleidic.io
We work with our partner Symmetry Investments , and some background on the firm can be found here :
http : //symmetryinvestments.com/about-us/
Normal.dotm
0
0
1
315
1796
Worldwide
14
3
2205
12.0
0
false
18 pt
18 pt
0
0
false
false
false
/ * Style Definitions * / table.MsoNormalTable { mso-style-name : ” Table Normal ” ; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0 ; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0 ; mso-style-noshow : yes ; mso-style-parent : ” “ ; mso-padding-alt:0cm 5.4pt 0cm 5.4pt ; mso-para-margin-top:0cm ; mso-para-margin-right:0cm ; mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt ; mso-para-margin-left:0cm ; mso-pagination : widow-orphan ; font-size:12.0pt ; font-family : ” Times New Roman ” ; mso-ascii-font-family : Cambria ; mso-ascii-theme-font : minor-latin ; mso-fareast-font-family : ” Times New Roman ” ; mso-fareast-theme-font : minor-fareast ; mso-hansi-font-family : Cambria ; mso-hansi-theme-font : minor-latin ; mso-ansi-language : EN-US ; }
Come closer . That 's it , a little closer to the page , because
we have something we need to whisper in your digital ears : this , fellow
petrolheads , is the BMW Concept Active Tourer , and it is front-wheel-drive .
That 's right , a front-wheel-drive BMW . Makes you shudder
inside a tad , does n't it ? It might just be a concept set for the Paris Motor
Show in a couple of weeks time , but make no mistake , this is the future for
Munich .
Yes , they 've been knocking out front-drive hatches for
donkeys ' years in the shape of the Mini , but this is the first time a proper
modern BMW 's front wheels have got themselves a full time job . It 's meant to
account for a massive sales chunk of BMW 's future , so it 's quite important .
And as such , it 's taking both barrels and aiming squarely at
the Mercedes-Benz B-Class . It 's dimensions , barring a little extra width , are
nigh on identical , and that front , transversely mounted engine , says BMW ,
allows for more generous interior space .
Ah yes , that engine . It 's a brand-new 1.5-litre turbocharged
petrol three-cylinder unit , derived from Bee-Em 's magnificent 3.0-litre
straight-six ( yes , maths fans , it 's half ) , that will see service in all future
BMW ‘ Efficient Dynamics ' models , and powers only the front wheels . It 's coupled
to an electric motor that fires on the rear axle capable of powering the car on
its own . All in , the Tourer produces 190bhp , is capable of 0-62mph in less than
eight seconds and maxes out at 120mph . All this , and it emits less than 60g/km
and returns around 113mpg . Woah .
Inside there 's “ open-pore ” laminated wood , lots of soft and
smooth leather , an eight-inch display for sat nav and hybrid information , a
head-up display for the driver , a panoramic sunroof , a rear setup able to split
40:20:40 , and some neat touches like mobile ‘ Tablet ' clips for the rear
passengers .
And is it just us , or does this Beemer actually look quite
smart , almost handsome ? Yes , the grille might be huge but we 're used to that
now , plus those 20s sit nicely and the overall stance sits pleasingly .
This is BMW getting quite serious about practicality , so
tell us , which premium mini-MPV would you plump for : this , or the Mercedes B-Class ?
Tim Farron has resigned as leader of the Lib Dems suggesting that it 's not possible to be a committed Christian following the word of the Bible and be a successful political leader of a liberal party at the same time .
Mr Farron was repeatedly asked at the beginning of the campaign if they thought gay sex was a sin . They chose to answer a different question saying that being gay was not a sin .
After much questioning and distractions to the campaign , they eventually changed their line saying that gay sex was not a sin . Listening to their statement this evening you come away with the idea that they were not at all comfortable with that answer and that they felt he 'd compromised their faith .
Mr Farron told newly elected and re-elected Lib Dem MPs of their decision at their first post-election meeting in Parliament and then went to Lib Dem HQ to made their very personal and emotional statement on camera .
Behind them stood the MPs and party staffers . There will be speculation that Sir Vince Cable will stand having been elected again for Twickenham after two years out of Parliament . The favourite could be Jo Swinson , also out of parliament for two years and now back as MP for East Dumbartonshire .
A new leader will be elected by the membership this Autumn 's Party Conference – much earlier if there is no contest and only one candidate when nominations close .
Some senior Lib Dems had hoped Mr Farron , though not expected to fight another election might hang around to give the party time to work out what it should do differently in the future . He 's not going to do that . They must make their mind up this summer and work out how a party that shared power in Coalition climbs back in public support to greater prominence and power .
This weekend , Apple 's App Store head Phil Schiller responded to complaints that spam apps and rip-offs were appearing in the App Store 's “ New ” and “ What 's Hot ” sections for certain categories . Unfortunately , this has been a longtime issue for Apple 's third-party application marketplace , and the subject of much developer frustration over the years . Schiller , who took over responsibility for managing the App Store from Eddy Cue in December , addressed the problem on Twitter , saying that this should not be happening and they will look into it .
The issue has to do with the App Store 's algorithm , which recommends new apps and games to try , based on new releases and what 's trending on the App Store . However , the problem is that instead of picking out great and engaging new titles , the algorithm had been picking up a variety of “ 2048 ” applications which are copycat versions of the popular “ Threes ” game . In fact , the featured “ Puzzle ” section on the iTunes App Store was filled with these rip-off versions , which prompted several angry tweets .
The issue is actually related to an old bug , and one which had been marked as being resolved by Apple in the past . The issue also seems to affect non-U.S. App Stores more often .
Allowing the App Store to fill with these lower-quality clones is one thing , but to actually feature them and recommend them to end users is quite another . And it 's clear why this would incite developer backlash .
If this was an isolated incident , developers would probably be more forgiving of what 's just a bug that needs a fix . However , the App Store is plagued with issues related to rankings and discoverability of apps , and many third-party developers feel that the platform has not received the attention it deserved over the years .
It is promising and notable then , that Schiller publicly acknowledged this particular problem and promised to address it .
Schiller 's response on Twitter was in reply to a tweet from Screenshot++ developer Wesley Dyson who highlighted another tweet from Mozilla 's Lisa Brewster about the issue with the comment , “ I believe this is your department now . Rip-off apps should never be showcased by Apple . ”
App Store editors , you had one job https : //t.co/uLLOuXTDvb — Lisa Brewster ( @ Adora ) March 12 , 2016
( hat-tip : 9to5Mac )
NEW YORK/PARIS ( Reuters ) - Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates will launch a multi-billion-dollar clean energy research and development initiative with heads of state on Monday , the opening day of the U.N. climate change summit in Paris , the French government said Friday .
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates gestures as they meet with China 's Premier Li Keqiang in Beijing , November 12 , 2015 . REUTERS/China Daily
Gates and a group of developing and developed countries will launch the Clean Tech Initiative , in which countries will commit to doubling their clean energy technology research and development budgets by 2020 and private investors will boost their own investments in the sector .
Access to clean energy technology will play a key role in a global agreement to combat climate change . More than 190 countries will negotiate a new pact in Paris from Nov. 30 to Dec. 11 at the 21st U.N. Conference of the Parties summit .
France , the United States , India , South Korea , Indonesia , Saudi Arabia , Australia , Canada and Norway have said they will join , a source close to the conference presidency told Reuters .
“ Gates ' announcement should prompt other countries to follow suit , ” the source said .
Gates will join Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , U.S. President Barack Obama and French President Francois Hollande to announce the initiative on the opening day of the two-week summit , according to an agenda released Friday .
For India , the world 's third largest greenhouse gas emitter , access to clean energy technology is at the core of its national strategy to combat climate change .
India has argued that developed countries need to help poorer countries gain access to renewable energy or zero-emission technologies by helping reduce costs and removing barriers such as intellectual property rights .
On the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in September , Gates attended a bilateral meeting focused on climate change between Hollande and Modi .
The French presidency source said India will be one of the founding beneficiaries of the new initiative .
“ This is one of the main points of the negotiation : how to improve clean technologies and give the poorest countries access to these technologies , ” the source said .
This summer Gates pledged $ 2 billion of their personal wealth over the next five years to “ bend the curve ” on climate change .
In a blog post in July , they said more breakthrough technologies are needed to combat climate change and that current technologies reduce emissions at a cost that their “ beyond astronomical . ”
They said accelerating government funding for clean energy research and development is crucial to attracting private investment .
Over the last few days we 've seen reports alleging abuse of a browser behavior regarding mouse position . Microsoft is working closely with other companies to address the concern of mouse position movement . From what we know now , the underlying issue has more to do with competition between analytics companies than consumer safety or privacy .
We are actively working to adjust this behavior in IE . There are similar capabilities available in other browsers . Analytics firms can expect to do viewpoint detection in IE similarly to how they do this in other browsers . We will update this blog with more information as it is available .
Online advertisers started a shift ( link ) “ from a ‘ served ' to a ‘ viewable ' impression [ s ] . ” Many different analytics companies stepped up to compete in this space . That competition has had many public results , including lawsuits ( link ) . One of the companies involved in this space is Spider.io , which recently reported an issue in IE involving mouse pointer information . Spider.io is an advertising analytics company . Their recent blog post , “ There are two ways to measure ad viewability . There is only one right way , ” makes their point of view very clear . Different analytics companies use different and equivalent methods to gather consumer information across different browsers on different devices .
The only reported active use of this behavior involves competitors to Spider.io providing analytics . The theoretical use of this behavior to compromise the safety or privacy of consumers is something Microsoft 's security team has discussed with researchers across the industry . We take these risks very seriously . Getting all the pieces to line up in order to take advantage of this behavior – serving an ad to a site that asks for a logon , the user using an on screen ( or virtual ) keyboard , knowing how that onscreen keyboard works – is hard to imagine . From investigating the specific behavior when mouse position data is visible outside the browser window , sites can view only the mouse state ; they can not view the actual content that the user is interacting with . From our conversations with security researchers across the industry , we see very little risk to consumers at this time . As we have stated previously , there are no reported cases of any consumer having their information compromised .
—Dean Hachamovitch , Corporate Vice President , Internet Explorer
Update :
Since the time of our post – these additional security blogs provide a good and balanced overview with respect to this topic : Actionable Intelligence : The Mouse That Squeaked and Spider.io Warns of Massive IE Security Flaw ; But is it Legit ?
E-Learning Storyboards RECAP # 48 : Challenge | Recap
Love ‘ em or hate ‘ em , storyboards are critical to e-learning success . Whether you 're using text-based storyboards or detailed visual storyboards , there 's a storyboard format for every project and course designer .
This week 's challenge features free storyboard templates , tips and insights , and even video tutorials ! Please take some time to read and comment on the uber helpful storyboard articles your fellow community members shared this week .
A big E-Learning Heroes shoutout to first-time challengers Ajay Gupta , Gena Hocson , and Nicola Redfearn ! Thanks for joining the challenges . We 're really glad you 're here .
New to the challenges ?
If you have a blog , please consider writing about your challenges . We 'll link back to your posts so the great work you 're sharing gets even more exposure . If you share your demos on Twitter , try using # ELHChallenge so your tweeps can track your e-learning coolness .
Have a great week , E-Learning Heroes !
Patricio 's desk and storyboard example | e-Learning Ninja | @ patob2000
Download Storyboard Template | Serious Learning ( Jeff ) | NuggetHead Studioz ( Kevin ) | @ elearningjeff @ LearnNuggets
What 's in an e-learning storyboard ? | @ MelMilloway
The Challenge of Storyboarding ( +Free Template ! ) | @ jackietrains
Storyboard Templates for E-Learning | @ amdchiasson
E-Learning Challenge : Storyboarding | @ ElearninCanBfun
Download Nicola 's Storyboard Template | Nicola Redfearn
E-Learning Storyboards
Storyboarding Essentials Screencast
3 Ways to Storyboard Your E-Learning Course
Storyboards for e-Learning | @ bridgehillLS
Free Product Tour Template in PowerPoint 2007 | @ epiphanylearnin
Storyboarding 101 – Creating the Blueprint For Your eLearning | @ AndrewSellonNY
Gerard Friel
Learn more & download | Gerard Friel | Website | @ gerardfriel
Charles Hamper
View demo | Charles Hamper | Website | @ cfhamper
Daniel Adeboye
Learn more | Daniel Adeboye | Website | @ danno4krist
Linda Lorenzetti
Download ( Word ) | Linda Lorenzetti | Website | @ lindalor
Nick Russell
View demo | Nick Russell | Benchmark Learning
John Curran
Download | John Curran | Website | @ designedlearnin
Rachel Barnum
Learn more & download | Rachel Barnum | @ OhThatRachel
More About the E-Learning Challenges
The weekly challenges are ongoing opportunities to learn , share , and build your e-learning portfolios . You can jump into any or all of the previous challenges anytime you want . I 'll update the recap posts to include your demos .
Share Your Storyboard Templates for E-Learning !
Terra Battle 2 And Terra Wars By Hironobu Sakaguchi And Mistwalker Announced
By Sato . June 20 , 2017 . 2:10am
Mistwalker is expected to reveal a new title by Final Fantasy creator Hironobu Sakaguchi on June 22 , but it 's been revealed earlier as Terra Battle 2 in this week 's issue of Famitsu magazine .
Terra Battle 2 is noted as Mistwalker 's new title , but the magazine teaser adds that it is n't Sakaguchi 's only challenge , as it mentions that the “ Terra Wars ” that Sakaguchi constructs will be a new title itself . Both titles are part of the “ Terra World ” universe .
We 'll find out more about it when details from the magazine leaks later , where Sakaguchi is expected to talk more about their vision of Terra World and share more on the new title Terra Battle 2 .
You can check out our previous report for a look at the hero and design work for Mistwalker 's new title .
On Monday Night Football 's Week 1 doubleheader , the LA Rams played their first game as LA 's team since the 1994 season . Their debut was one to be forgotten . They were shut out , 28-0 , in front of San Francisco 's crowd at Levi Stadium in what is ought to be one of the most boring games of the season .
The Rams recorded just 10 first downs and 10 punts . They averaged 3 yards per play , and went 3-15 on third down conversions . They ran the ball 23 times for a despicable 42 yards . Case Keenum , the placeholder for number one overall pick Jared Goff ( who did n't dress ) , recorded a QBR of 5.0 .
This was a bad game for the Rams , and even worse for fans who paid money ( or time ) to watch this snooze fest . The most exciting part was that Blaine Gabbert did n't play like crap , and that we even got to see our old friend and now activist Colin Kaepernick play in the last two minutes of the game .
In many ways , William Navarette , the field runner from Monday night with their shirt off and their phone number plastered on their chest , was the most exciting part of this game . Even the announcers had fun with it – you must listen to a familiar NBA voice , Kevin Harlan , call this play . It was truly amazing .
Kevin Harlan is a national treasure : pic.twitter.com/CQFjPxkTMX — Dieter Kurtenbach ( @ dkurtenbach ) September 13 , 2016
We interviewed William the runner to hear their take on the whole ordeal .
Hey William , thanks for taking the time to do this . We wanted to reach out to you because we do n't see many field runners or streakers these days , especially with stricter security measures at big events in this day and age . Can you run us through your thought process before you ran on to the field ?
“ Yeah so I was sitting down in the front row , and when I saw the event staff turn their head , I went through and hopped the gate and the moment I put my foot over the gate I felt such a rush . When I fell down , I started to hear the cheering . I heard the cheering , I was n't even nervous though , it was just fun . I tried to wave to my dad in the stands , but they probably did n't see me . I blew a kiss at one of the Rams , I tried to high five one of the Niners but they did n't do nothin . ”
Yeah , I was going to ask if any of the players interacted with you on the field ?
“ I wish . ”
Describe your feeling when you finally got on to the field and saw the giant crowd roar ?
“ After I ran probably ten yards and started to hear the crowd around me , that 's when I felt like all eyes were on me , and then after that I just did n't care about the noise . It was just in the background , I did n't even think about it . ”
Were the security guys rough with you or was it pretty casual and relaxed ?
“ When the security guards got to me they did n't say anything , but the cop , they said “ you 're f * * king stupid , you know your going to jail , right ? ” . I did n't go to jail because I am still a minor . I 'm only sixteen . Apparently to them I was resisting , even though I was n't . I was making sure I was n't resisting , and they were like , “ stop resisting , or your going to get tased , ” but yeah that cop was kind of mean .
Were police involved , or were you just detained and then kicked out of the stadium ?
“ Yeah I was detained , my dad came , they told them to come get me . I think i 'm going to have a court date that will come in the mail , but that 's it , and a judge will decide , but probably no jail , just community service . ”
What did your parents have to say about this ordeal ?
“ My dad , I thought they were going to be mad but they were actually like , “ wow , you 've got some balls. ” I was surprised they said that . And then my mom , since they were watching the game at home , when they saw me on TV , they were going crazy , my sister had to calm them down . After I called them and told them how fun it was , they calmed down a little bit , and they agreed that it was funny . It was too funny for them to ground me . ”
“ My dad , I thought they were going to be mad but they were actually like , “ wow , you 've got some balls . ”
How does it feel to be the unofficial leading rusher for the Los Angeles Rams ?
“ Haha , it feels really good . I read somewhere that I penetrated the Niners defense better than the Rams . ”
I mean , you did .
“ Yeah , I know . ”
How did your fantasy team do this week ?
“ I do n't get a fantasy team . ”
Seriously ? Ok…
Can we expect a similar performance next week ?
“ Of me ? ! Haha , maybe my friends , they are all hitting me up saying they wan na do it with me . If I do I got ta do it now while Im still a minor , got ta do it while I 'm young . because If I do it when I am 18 I go to jail so yeah . ”
Great , thanks for your time William .
“ Oh yeah . ”
I wish my parents were as relaxed as their growing up , but hey , it 's California .
​Carlos Tevez continues to prove to be a divisive figure out in the Far East after they launched a scathing attack on the quality of the football in the Chinese Super League .
Tevez is thought to be the highest paid player in the world having signed for Shanghai Shenhua for an estimated £71m back in December .
It is understood that they are earning as much as £615k-a-week , but a sluggish start to life in China has seen the Argentine score just once so far .
Their tally should have been doubled in the recent 0-0 draw with Guangzhou R & F , where they had a perfectly legitimate goal wrongfully ruled out for handball .
Carlos Tevez Has Fantastic Goal Wrongfully Disallowed vs Guangzhou R & F ! - https : //t.co/qY6yr2t5ZA via @ DailymotionUSA — WF Productions ( @ productionsWF ) 27 May 2017
Whether it 's the pressure of their price tag , or indeed the bitterness at having a goal incorrectly disallowed , Tevez has launched a savage attack on the state of football in China whilst conducting an interview following the weekend 's stalemate .
When speaking to Spanish TV station Movistar , the Argentine labelled the players in the Chinese Super League 'naive ' , and insisted that China was a long way behind it 's European counterparts .
They said , as quoted by ​GiveMeSport : `` I do n't think they will be able to compete with any of the big European sides .
`` No creo que la Liga china llegue a competir con ninguna grande de Europa en 50 años '' . Carlos Tévez . # Minuto0 pic.twitter.com/eHkDsni2TE — La casa del fútbol ( @ casadelfutbol ) May 25 , 2017
`` Even if the best players come , I think the football is very different and the fans treat it in a completely different way as well .
`` I do n't think they will get there in 50 years .
`` They are n't very physical but I think they are very naive . Without meaning to , they can do you damage with a kick because they are clumsy .
`` Technically they are not very good , but I think with this new rule that the government have put in , the kids are going to have to start playing and they will improve a lot . ''
Who will make the difference in the European Cup final ? Cristiano Ronaldo Paulo Dybala Isco Gonzalo Higuain Luka Modric Gianluigi Buffon Sergio Ramos Dani Alves
WHADDYA THINK YER DOIN ' GERALD ? ! STEP OFF , MATE ! STEP OFF , GERALD ! GERALD ! GO GO GO GO GOEdit : I 'm only just now discovering articles and complaints that Gerald was a bad part of the movie because they were a mentally handicapped character being bullied for laughs . Here 's my opinion : somebody somewhere in Pixar drew a goofy- looking sea lion , everybody thought they were really funny , so they put them in the movie as a small side joke and it worked . It 's slapstick . First it 's funny because they just looks amusing , then it 's funny because the other sea lions are overly rude to them out of nowhere , we all have a laugh and move on . I find it hard to consider this an attack on mentally handicapped people by Pixar considering the ENTIRE MOVIE revolved around a bunch of disabled characters overcoming their challenges and accomplishing great things . All right ? Everybody chill out . ( I finished this last night but I did n't have time to upload it , sorry about that . Blame Gerald . They deserve it . )
( Jeremy Papasso/Daily Camera via AP , File )
Self-described right-wing ‘ provocateur ' Milo Yiannopoulos has been caught on tape defending paedophile abuse , saying ‘ We get hung up on this stuff ' .
Wildfires destroy part of Winnie the Pooh 's 'Hundred Acre Wood ' as UK temperatures rise
Yiannopoulos was banned from Twitter after controversial attacks on Ghostbusters actor Leslie Jones – and has been defended by Donald Trump .
Trump Tweeted a threat to withdraw funding from Berkeley after riots erupted when Yiannopoulos spoke at the university .
If U.C . Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view – NO FEDERAL FUNDS ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 2 , 2017
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
They were also invited to a White House presidential briefing in February , although they failed to attend .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But in a recording which recently surfaced , Yiannopoulos says , ‘ We get hung up on this sort of child abuse stuff to the point where we are heavily policing consensual adults …
‘ In the homosexual world , particularly , some of those relationships between younger boys and older men – the sort of ‘ coming of age ' relationship – those relationships in which those older men help those young boys discover who they are and give them security and safety and provide them with love and a reliable , sort of rock , where they ca n't speak to their parents .
The full audio clip can be heard here , courtesy of Uproxx .
The comments have already caused a storm on social media – with commentators and far-right activists distancing themselves from the ‘ provocateur ' .
My friend , a survivor of sex trafficking : `` Milo straight up defended abusing 13 yr old boys…Please do n't let that be normalized '' — Jake Tapper ( @ jaketapper ) February 20 , 2017
Video surfaces of Milo Yiannopoulos defending pedophilia , ACU board reportedly not consulted on CPAC invite https : //t.co/D3FH9H6Atu pic.twitter.com/6sICziW1ut — TheBlaze ( @ theblaze ) February 20 , 2017
It finally happened . People on left , right , establishment & anti-estab agree on something . Pedophilia is sick & wrong . # MiloGate # PizzaGate — 👑 Empress Halley 🐸 ( @ HalleyBorderCol ) February 20 , 2017
The latest opinion poll put the pro-independence movement in the lead for the first time , with 51 percent voicing their support just 11 days before the referendum on the issue . Prime Minister Cameron and Queen Elizabeth II expressed their concern .
The poll was conducted by YouGov and The Sunday Times . The two-point lead has a margin of error , but the chances of a vote in favor have significantly grown , in particular because the 49 percent that chose “ No ” include undecided voters .
Another poll , commissioned by the “ Yes ” camp gives “ No ” 52 percent . The “ Yes ” camp leader , Blair Jenkins demanded that their side remain focused , stating that the latest YouGov poll puts them “ marginally ahead , ” but other polls demonstrate there is “ more progress to make if we are to win . ”
The Better Together campaign – against independence – has been leading the polls for a while : just a month ago , the lead was 22 percent in a YouGov poll . On Tuesday , the lead narrowed to 6 percent , AFP reported .
Alistair Darling , the campaign leader , said the vote “ will go down to the wire , ” and declared , “ It is not the Battle of Britain -- it is the battle for Scotland , for Scotland 's children and grandchildren and the generations to come . This is a battle we will win . ”
The latest YouGov/Sunday Times poll also demonstrated that pro-union campaigners are less trusted than the movement in favor of independence .
Exciting times but let 's put everything we 've got into persuading others to # VoteYes in the only poll that counts pic.twitter.com/qnncWLNs5l — Yes Scotland ( @ YesScotland ) September 6 , 2014
Queen Elizabeth expressed “ a great deal of concern '' over the independence referendum and requested daily updates on the matter , The Sunday Times reported .
The UK 's main political parties are currently expected to disclose their plans to hand more powers to the Scottish leadership , and Scottish National Party ( SNP ) in particular .
Notably , the UK government will reveal plans in the coming days that would give Scotland more autonomy on tax , spending and welfare , should Scotland decide to remain within the UK , British Finance Minister George Osborne said .
`` You will see in the next few days a plan of action to give more powers to Scotland ... Then Scotland will have the best of both worlds . They will both avoid the risks of separation but have more control over their own destiny , which is where I think many Scots want to be , '' Osborne told the BBC on Sunday .
`` More tax-raising powers , much greater fiscal autonomy ... more control over public expenditure , more control over welfare rates and a host of other changes , '' they said , adding that the measures were being agreed by all three major parties in the parliament .
On Sunday , Cameron is set to visit the Queen to discuss the issue – a visit arranged before the poll results had been announced .
On September 15 , the UK prime minister is to give a final speech , urging the Scots to stay within the UK and have “ the best of both worlds . ”
The PM could be forced to stand down , should the “ Yes ” camp win the referendum , The Sunday Times reported – despite Cameron insisting on Thursday that this would n't happen .
Cameron 's Conservatives are unpopular in Scotland , with only one lawmaker in the House of Commons out of 59 Scottish seats there .
The referendum is set to take place on September 18 . Scotland constitutes one third of the UK 's territory , and hosts Britain 's Trident nuclear deterrent .
In their perambulations , Rodriguez has been able to live large . Their current mansion in Miami is listed for $ 38 million .
But now the curse has come due . Rodriguez is 37 , and can not hit righties . Come to think of it , they ca n't hit lefties , either . Original Sin is catching up to the Yankees . They reaped one championship with him , in 2009 — and yes it was a joyous time , and yes they contributed .
Are A-Rod 's chemical adventures catching up with him ? This is no 0-for-21 slump suffered by Gil Hodges of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952 . Hodges was still only 28 when they started going oh-fer against the Yankees , but Manager Chuck Dressen started them in all seven games .
That was a different age . For one thing , Hodges was already a Brooklyn icon , and fans sent religious objects to him . ( Joan Hodges 's home in Brooklyn still has a trunk full of Mass cards and rosary beads . ) Today , fans post vile or spurious Twitter comments rather than pray . Hodges also did not have a huge salary on their shoulders as do A-Rod and all the other becalmed Yankees sluggers .
Besides , the World Series was a sun-spangled event , with no wild-card rounds or division rounds or championship rounds , and there was hardly time for a pattern to develop . Good pitching and solid role players have usually come to the fore in the postseason . With all due respect to Joe Girardi , their mass benching of key players might have looked like panic within the Yankees clubhouse .
Still , all dynasties fade , by definition . Players fall apart . Derek Jeter 's ankle snapped making a play they have made a zillion times . Mariano Rivera fell apart jogging for a fly before a game . Willie Mays was hired to be a mascot , Mr. Met , and found themselves stumbling on the bases in the 1973 World Series .
This A-Rod inevitability has been a long time coming . Now they have a contract for five more years and is owed $ 114 million .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This impasse is straight out of mythology . The Yankees ignored the warning signs , the one fact the organization should have known . But there is no guaranteeing institutional memory . Somebody always has a better idea .
It could be argued that the golden age of the entire Yankees franchise was from 1995 through 2000 , when they won four World Series and just missed twice — as deep and home-built and fundamentally sound as this organization has ever been .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The five cornerstones were Rivera , Jeter , Bernie Williams , Jorge Posada and Andy Pettitte , and they stayed together because wicked King George was banished to the tower at a crucial time , allowing Gene Michael to hold on to the prizes the organization had wisely cultivated . No prodigal sons in the grand era , at least until Pettitte was shunned for a while .
What separated the Yankees from the eminently respectable Braves and other challengers was huge New York cable money — put in the hands of a terrific baseball executive , Michael , who was unencumbered by the Boss and their Kooky Kollege of Kollaborators .
Brian Cashman , the team 's current general manager , referred Thursday to Michael 's “ big , hairy monster ” theory : go after lefty hitters with patience and power .
Once the Yankees pursued A-Rod for the 2004 season , they became the flawed suitor in the nursery tale . These stories always have three wishes or three chances or three-strikes-you're-out . The funny part is that the curse struck the Yankees three times against the same team within seven seasons .
In 2006 , Rodriguez was in such a slump that Manager Joe Torre dropped them to eighth in the lineup . I can remember the shock of the Yankees ' going down so early ; Torre was close to tears . At that point , it seemed that one of them had to go , but Torre soldiered on , and so did A-Rod .
And with its own not-insubstantial cable money , the Tigers organization has accumulated a team with Miguel Cabrera , Prince Fielder and Justin Verlander , and invaluable role players who recall the era of Girardi , Scott Brosius and Paul O'Neill .
Do n't believe in spells ? The Yankees have won exactly one World Series in nine seasons with A-Rod . They are not a dynasty anymore . But maybe there are no dynasties . Since Luis Sojo — little guys tend to do huge things in the World Series ( see : Martin , Billy ) — dribbled a hit up the middle in the fifth and final game of 2000 , there have been nine different champions in the past 11 Series .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I do n't know about you , but I revel in reciting this list from 2001 onward — Arizona , Anaheim , Florida , Boston , Chicago White Sox , St. Louis , Boston , Philadelphia , Yankees , San Francisco , St. Louis . A lot of happy people in a lot of different towns .
True , the four teams in the league championship series this year were the franchise with the highest payroll ( Yankees ) and the ones with the fifth ( Tigers ) , eighth ( Giants ) and ninth highest ( Cardinals ) . But what makes this postseason so delightful is that the Galácticos ( the soccer term for expensive all-stars ) of Philadelphia , Boston and the Los Angeles Angels failed to make the postseason at all . They could n't even slip into the little wild-card gimmick initiated this year , which , as some wordsmith said in a different context , was “ a sketchy deal . ”
Meantime , heartwarming things were happening in Oakland and Baltimore , although both outsiders eventually lost in authentic best-of-five series .
All this democracy is good . And seems to be a trend . As Tyler Kepner pointed out recently , sound management still counts , particularly in the know-thyself regime of the DeWitt family and the smart folks hired to run the Cardinals .
The real disgrace is the Yankees — with their payroll of $ 197 million — flopping around like 42-year-old Willie Mays . Just as in the nursery tales , the Yankees made their deal with the Fates . Inevitably , that deal has turned out to be , as the fella said , sketchy .
COLUMBUS , Ohio -- Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted on Monday gave the green light for Libertarians to swap in presidential nominee Gary Johnson 's name as an independent on the November ballot .
Husted 's ruling ends questions about whether Ohio Libertarians were legally allowed to insert Johnson 's name in place of a temporary candidate , 2014 gubernatorial candidate Charlie Earl .
Johnson , a former governor of New Mexico , is n't on the Ohio ballot yet : county elections officials have until Friday to verify whether at least 5,000 of the 12,000 petition signatures submitted are valid .
If Johnson appears on the ballot , they could make a difference in a close race between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump -- recent surveys show Johnson polling between 5 percent and 12 percent in Ohio , a key swing state .
In its ruling , Husted 's office wrote that Ohio law does n't specifically say whether a presidential candidate can be swapped out for another , especially when petition signatures have n't yet been verified . Monday is the deadline to certify replacements for candidates who have withdrawn or were disqualified from running in November .
But , the ruling concluded , `` The law being unclear , Secretary Husted believes the spirit of ballot access should prevail '' and that Johnson can replace Earl on the ballot .
Johnson has to run as an independent in Ohio because the state party lost recognition after Republican lawmakers changed state ballot-access rules in 2013 .
Libertarians said they listed Earl 's name as a placeholder because they started collecting signatures before Johnson was officially nominated as their party 's presidential nominee . There was also concern that if Ohio Libertarians win a long-shot lawsuit attempting to regain state recognition as a party , Johnson would run into legal trouble if they ran as both a Libertarian and as an independent .
Earl , a former state representative from Bowling Green , said Friday that it `` would be a devastating blow '' if Husted would n't let them withdraw from the race in favor of Johnson . They said that Ohio Libertarians swapped out presidential candidates in 1996 and 2004 without incident .
Here 's the full ruling from the Ohio secretary of state 's office :
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - A bomb attack claimed by Islamic State killed more than 20 Syrian insurgents at a headquarters for the powerful Islamist Ahrar al-Sham group on Sunday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said .
Two blasts hit the base in a village east of Saraqeb in Idlib province , the British-based Observatory reported .
Ahrar al-Sham said in a statement a lone attacker had driven a motorbike up to the building , detonating explosives attached to themselves and a bomb on the bike at the same time , killing and wounding dozens of rebels .
Photos on social media showed bloodied corpses and a blackened motorbike outside a small building in the village . The pictures could not immediately be verified .
Islamic State , which claimed the attack via its Amaq online news service , is opposed to all sides in Syria 's six-year civil war , including Syrian insurgent groups .
Idlib , a rebel stronghold , has also seen fighting between insurgent factions separate from battles with Islamic State .
Clashes earlier this year pitted groups aligned with Ahrar al-Sham against groups that joined the al Qaeda-linked Hayat Tahrir al-Sham alliance .
Syrian government forces have taken advantage of rebel infighting , particularly a separate spat further south near Damascus , to recapture territory from insurgents in the six-year conflict .
Luke Dahlhaus looks set to return from a knee injury on Friday night against the Cats .
Jake Stringer and Luke Dahlhaus loom as likely inclusions for Friday night 's top-eight clash against Geelong at Simonds Stadium , set to return from respective AC joint and knee injuries .
A weekend return also looks likely for promising small forward Toby McLean , who will resume full training this week after being sidelined with a foot injury , while Dale Morris is also in the selection mix despite not playing out the second half of Saturday night 's match .
The positive news from the medical room comes after a tough Saturday night for the Club , with Jack Redpath and Mitch Wallis both succumbing to season ending injuries .
“ It 's really pleasing after such a difficult weekend to have some good news around Luke Dahlhaus and Toby McLean , ” Western Bulldogs GM Football Graham Lowe told westernbulldogs.com.au .
“ They 're going to both training fully this week with a view to being available for selection this weekend . ”
Stringer will be another to return to full training this week , after making a quick recovery from an AC joint injury incurred against the Gold Coast Suns in Round 17 , and looks set to resume their role in front of goal for the Bulldogs .
Veteran defender Dale Morris will be closely monitored this week , with medical staff to give them every opportunity to line up against the Cats .
“ Dale had some back related hamstring tightness which came on in the second quarter ( against St Kilda ) , ” Lowe said .
“ We made a conservative decision to manage them so they did n't play out the rest of the game . ”
“ We 'll give Dale every opportunity to be available for selection this week . ”
Meanwhile , midfielder Mitch Wallis has undergone surgery to repair the broken leg suffered in Saturday night 's loss to St Kilda .
“ Mitch has had successful surgery yesterday , he 's had a plate put onto their tibia , ” Lowe said .
“ That will be removed at some point , and then he 'll progress their rehab from there .
“ We 've got our support around Mitch , and he 's in as good spirit as they can be , and we look forward to welcoming them back in to the Club as soon as they can ( join us in here ) . ”
Also set to undergo surgery this week is power forward Jack Redpath .
The 25-year-old will have a traditional reconstruction on the right knee they injured against the Saints .
“ Jack has had it confirmed by scans that they have got an isolated ACL injury to their right knee , which is the opposite knee to their previous two ACL 's that they had before joining the Club , ” said Lowe .
“ We 'll work with Jack ( through their rehab ) , and we know he 'll work hard to get themselves back and into the best possible shape . ”
Because of President Barack Obama 's failure to `` push job creation , '' the black unemployment rate in Ferguson , Mo. , is three times higher than the white unemployment rate .
Fox News host Lou Dobbs criticized President Barack Obama for not going firsthand to Ferguson , Mo. , to calm tensions after the killing of an unarmed 18-year-old African-American by a white police officer .
Obama , Dobbs claimed , bears responsibility for the economic issues that have contributed to the tensions in Ferguson . `` Black unemployment is three times that of white unemployment , '' Dobbs said on Aug. 19 's America 's Newsroom . `` The community itself has a 13 percent unemployment rate , more than double that of the national average . The household net worth in that community is $ 10,000 , a third less than the national average . ''
`` These are the results of policies on the part of the state government , the local community , and the president of the United States , '' Dobbs said , arguing that President Obama should assure residents that `` there will be honest and forthright dealing '' with `` no ambiguity about the conclusions . ''
Obama needs to see , Dobbs said , `` what happens when you do n't push job creation , you do n't push prosperity for all Americans . ''
Linking Obama 's economic policy to the tensions in Ferguson , a town of 21,000 , is a fairly significant charge . So we wanted to check Dobbs ' claim that because of Obama 's failure to `` push job creation , '' the black unemployment rate in Ferguson is three times higher than the white unemployment rate .
Ferguson 's unemployment rate
The most recent unemployment figures for Ferguson come from the U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Survey , which asks an annual sample of 1 in 38 households about their demographics , background and finances .
Ferguson 's small enough that the Census only produces figures over a three-year period , the most recent of which track 2010-2012 . Over that period , 16 percent of the black labor force in Ferguson was unemployed , compared to 8.5 percent of the white labor force . That 's a ratio of about 1.9 ; not the three times that Dobbs alleged .
Dobbs ' figure is more accurate for St. Louis County , which includes Ferguson . In 2012 , St. Louis County had a black unemployment rate of 17.8 percent , 3.1 times the white unemployment rate of 5.7 percent . But Ferguson makes up just 2 percent of St. Louis County in terms of population .
Dobbs is also closer if you include Ferguson Census figures from 2008-12 . In that scenario , the black unemployment is 2.8 times the white unemployment rate .
Natalie Holmes , a researcher for the Brookings Institute , told us the best statistics to use are the Ferguson numbers from 2010-12 , because they are both more current and `` capture less of the recession . ''
Putting the racial employment gap in context
Dobbs is right that Ferguson 's unemployment rate of 13 percent , according to the American Community Survey 's 2010-12 estimates , is roughly twice the current national average of 6.2 percent , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . By most measures , Ferguson is not a prosperous town .
But the gap between black and white unemployment in Ferguson is nowhere near unique . In July , the national black unemployment rate was 11.4 percent . That 's about 2.2 times the 5.3 percent white unemployment rate , according to the BLS -- a bigger gap , proportionally , than in Ferguson , with the caveat that the numbers from Ferguson are n't as recent .
So Ferguson is reasonably representative when it comes to the racial employment gap .
More critically for Dobbs , this is n't a recent phenomenon somehow created or exacerbated by Obama . Since the BLS began keeping unemployment data by race in 1954 , the black unemployment rate has consistently been about twice as high as the white unemployment rate .
According to the Pew Research Center , which published the above graph in 2013 , the discrepancy between black and white unemployment was highest in the late 1980s , and lowest during the Great Recession . The average ratio between black unemployment and white unemployment since the BLS began keeping data is 2.2 -- exactly what it was in July . Put simply , African-Americans have been 2.2 times more likely to be unemployed since 1954 than whites .
Researchers have n't reached a consensus on why this gap persists : explanations include , according to Pew , `` differing industrial distribution of black and white workers , '' a `` skills gap , '' and the `` ‘ last hired , first fired ' hypothesis . ''
Dobbs goes too far in pinning the blame on Obama . Experts have consistently told us and our colleagues at PolitiFact that although government policies can affect employment figures , other economic factors are typically at play ; in this case , the Great Recession and subsequent recovery . And according to Elizabeth Kneebone of the Brookings Institute , Ferguson 's economic downturn over the last decade is a potent example of the general increase of suburban poverty in America as more money flows to urban areas .
Our ruling
Dobbs said that because Obama failed to `` push job creation , '' the black unemployment rate in Ferguson is three times higher than the white unemployment rate .
First and foremost , Dobbs ' numbers are off . The most recent and best available statistics say the black unemployment rate is 1.9 times higher than the white unemployment rate in Ferguson ( 16 percent to 8.5 percent ) .
Second , that has little to do with Obama . Since the Bureau of Labor Statistics began keeping data in 1954 , African-Americans have been nationwide are more likely to be unemployed than whites .
We rate Dobbs ' claim False .
One of the senior staffers in the Prime Minister 's Office alleged to have knowledge of a $ 90,000 secret payment to Sen. Mike Duffy has left the PMO .
Government phone listings no longer show Chris Woodcock as director of issues management inside the Prime Minister 's Office . The listings , edited in the last day , do n't show Woodcock anywhere in the federal government .
Woodcock 's name and telephone number were listed in the government directory Wednesday .
Senior government officials told Postmedia News on Thursday that Woodcock is now chief of staff to Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver .
A Harper spokesperson declined to comment on why Woodcock was no longer with the PMO .
“ We do not comment on staffing , ” Julie Vaux said in an email .
Woodcock is one of three senior PMO staffers named in court documents released earlier this month filed as part of an RCMP criminal investigation into the $ 90,000 payment Harper 's former chief of staff Nigel Wright made to Duffy . According to the documents , Wright 's lawyers told investigators in a letter that Woodcock , as well as the executive assistant to the chief of staff David van Hemmen and one-time legal advisor Benjamin Perrin were informed about the payment plan .
Sen. Irving Gerstein , who oversees the Conservative party fund , was also told of the deal , according to the court documents .
Wright 's lawyers also told RCMP investigators that Harper was not aware of the deal .
Perrin left the PMO in April to return to their teaching job at the University of British Columbia . They have denied any involvement in organizing the transaction between Wright and Duffy .
Van Hemmen is still listed as executive assistant to the chief of staff .
Vancouver bylaws that prevent people from sleeping on streets , in parks or on other city properties are unconstitutional , the Pivot Legal Society claims in a lawsuit it is filing with B.C . Supreme Court on Thursday on behalf of a formerly homeless man .
The society is filing the suit on behalf of Clarence Taylor , 57 , who was homeless for nearly three years and says they were ticketed several times and repeatedly harassed by police and city employees when they slept outside .
“ It was n't like they were building a shack on a street corner , or on the beach , ” said Pivot lawyer Scott Bernstein . “ It was basically just a temporary type of thing [ so ] that they could protect themselves from the weather . ”
Bernstein said similar bylaws in Victoria have been struck down by the courts , but the Vancouver municipal government has not been swayed by those rulings .
“ The city maintains that ... decision does n't apply to them and they continue to ticket homeless people who are sleeping outdoors in parks or on streets . ”
Bernstein said the society is not advocating that people be allowed to block traffic , sleep at bus stops or on the sidewalk , but should be able to use other kinds of spaces .
“ The reality is there is whole swaths of city streets , including under overpasses , boulevards , they 're not in anybody 's way , they 're not causing any obstructions , ” said Bernstein . “ We feel that , if people feel they 'd feel the safest sleeping there , they should be able to sleep there legally . ”
Also on HuffPost
BY Micah L. Sifry | Friday , December 3 2010
Last night , at a panel discussion at the Columbia Journalism School on media policy , Harvard University professor Yochai Benkler , made a series of critical points about the role of online media watchdogs . As their text , they took the current Wikileaks `` Cablegate '' disclosures and the recent episode of media misinformation around President Obama 's alleged $ 200 million-a-day trip to India .
First , they pointed out that traditional news media were hardly the best guarantors of independent journalism , noting that The New York Times editor Bill Keller has admitted , proudly , that everything their paper is publishing from Wikileaks is being vetted first by the government . `` The next Daniel Ellsberg will not risk their career and liberty by going to the New York Times , '' Benkler declared .
Second , they lauded the role of online independent media . Noting that every news organization in the world is covering the Wikileaks revelations this week , they said , `` The public watchdog function will increasingly come from the net , and the mainstream media will report on it as a fait accompli . '' They added , `` Every journalist in the room should shudder at the news that Amazon took Wikileaks off its servers . ''
Finally , Benkler argued that the internet should n't be blamed for the spread of misinformation , as much as the broadcast media . Using Thomas Friedman 's recent column on the India-Obama brouhaha as a foil , they noted that it was sites like Factcheck.org and Snopes.com that were immediately on top of correcting Rep. Michele Bachman 's ridiculous claims about the cost of Obama 's trip . `` The Internet is setting the agenda , broadcast media just provides amplification , '' Benkler commented .
These are perilous times for online freedom , with political and commercial interests moving seemingly in tandem to choke off the open and generative nature of the internet . Threats are coming from `` national security '' actors seeking new powers to monitor and control online communications ; from political players seeking to intimidate various voices online ; from opportunistic attorneys general playing for headlines by bashing online community sites ; from pipeline owners seeking to lock in artificially high profits by throttling online communications ; and also from online commercial platforms that take a narrow and unreliable view of their role as providers of a public forum . Benkler 's comments offer a refreshing corrective ; here 's to hearing more from them on these topics !
1 . Gurley Will Rush for 100 Yards
`` Todd Gurley had six carries for nine yards , played 14 plays . They could 've very well had 50 or 60 yards in those six carries - it was that close . ''
That 's what Rams ' head coach Jeff Fisher had to say after Gurley 's debut last week against the Steelers . It 's understandable , having been out of football for over a year , that the Rams ' rookie RB would need to knock off some rust . But a player with their talent/abilities does n't need long to get going again . The workload may not be heavy on Sunday , but look for Gurley to break a big run [ or two ] , and eclipse 100 yards for the first time in their career .
2 . Rams Will Set a Season-High Mark For Sacks : 8
In Week 1 the Rams ' defensive line had it 's way with the Seahawks offensive front ... and Russell Wilson ; sacking the Hawks ' QB seven times on the day .
In 2012 , the undefeated Cardinals squad [ 4-0 at the time ] made a trip to St. Louis , where not many were giving the Rams a chance at victory . Nine sacks [ sorry , not sorry Kevin Kolb ] , and the Rams secured a 17-3 victory . St. Louis has the best defensive line in the NFL , and Carson Palmer is about to find out first hand this weekend .
3 . Quick Scores a TD
Brian Quick has yet to play a single snap in the 2015 season . And when the game kicks off on Sunday , it will have been 343 days since they last played in an NFL game . Per ESPN 's Nick Wagoner , he 'll be returning to action this weekend , after having missed nearly a year due to a shoulder injury .
It was in Week 4 of the 2014 season that we last saw Quick celebrate after a touchdown ... that is until this Sunday .
4 . Rams Hold Fitzgerald Under 50 Yards Receiving
Larry Fitzgerald really enjoys playing the Rams . Like a lot .
In their career there 's no other team in which they have more receptions [ 138 ] , touchdowns [ 16 ] , and victories [ 15 ] than against the St. Louis Rams . The 16 touchdowns statistic is the highest for any reciever vs. opponent currently playing the game .
Fitz has also put up 333 yards in the first three games of 2015 , has gone for 100+ receiving yards and has scored five , yes FIVE , touchdowns over the last two .
But not this weekend . Fitzgerald 's early season , and career-long , success [ es ] against the Rams is thwarted by the Rams ' secondary on Sunday .
5 . Jeff Fisher Settles the Score
The Rams lost their first game against the Cardinals in 2014 ; a road test in Arizona . A few weeks later , with the Rams already out of playoff contention , the Cardinals made the trip to St. Louis ... as five-point underdogs .
And the Cardinals won that one too . After the game , Arians sent a message ....
`` I love it when nobody says you have a chance to win . There is an 11-3 team and a team that is always 8-8 . You figure it out . ''
It 's reckoning time , Bruce . The away team secures victory on Sunday , and you 've got a front row seat . Here are the details :
Date : This Sunday , Oct. 4
Location : Your own field . Your own ear .
On June 14 , thousands of Bulgarians marked the one-year anniversary of the start of their anti-government protest . In 2013 , under the banner Ostavka or resignation , Bulgarians took to the streets for months in a row , calling for a new government .
The government they wanted to bring down was representing an unholy alliance made up of the Socialist Party and the Movement for Rights and Liberties , a party that supposedly represents the country 's Turkish population , with the tacit approval of the far-right , inherently anti-Turkish , Ataka . The trigger for the public outrage was the appointment of a young media mogul as head of the national security agency .
What brought the Bulgarians to the streets was an overpowering anger at a political class perceived to be corrupt to the bone , serving the interests of oligarchs and mafia groups , and ignoring the needs of the people .
During the winter of 2013 , poor Bulgarians had protested against unbearably high electricity bills , and a couple of people set themselves on fire in separate incidents across the country , in acts of protest and desperation .
Romania 's nationwide mobilisation began on September 1 , and was sparked by a draft law that was meant to give extraordinary powers to a Canadian corporation wanting to build Europe 's biggest gold mine in the village of Rosia Montana in the country 's west . The legislative proposal gave the state the right to expropriate land in the name of `` national interest '' at the request of the company and ordered authorities to reissue automatically with any permits overruled by national courts .
The project 's social and environmental costs far exceeded its benefits , and yet politicians across party lines and all mainstream media had been promoting it for 15 years , which to people , was a sure sign of corruption .
Rosia Montana became the symbol of everything that was wrong in the country . Romanians identified with the Rosia Montana 's villagers who had been for years harassed by the state and foreign companies which wanted to destroy their environment in order to make profits .
Innocence lost
In the post-Occupy global context , the Romanian and Bulgarian stories are not new . We have seen the same storyline repeating in many places over the past years : People coming together to take on the corrupted nexus between politics and business which sidelines the needs and the will of the people .
As in other places , Romanians and Bulgarians came out in the streets to express their anger , and in the process stumbled upon a sense of collective empowerment they had thought lost or nonexistent . It was both the outrage at government mismanagement and the ecstasy of coming together for the first time that fuelled such intensive protests .
That Romanians and Bulgarians shared an agenda with Americans , Greeks , Spaniards , Turks , Brazilians and others is not surprising . Whatever political systems we nominally live in , power is often sold to capital and citizens are excluded from politics .
What is peculiar in the Eastern European case is that these protests marked the end of popular trust in the post-socialist transition and the Western dream . A quarter-century ago , communist systems in these countries collapsed and a transition to liberalism and the market economy began . In 2007 , Romania and Bulgaria joined the European Union , the ultimate goal of all post-1989 political projects in these countries . We thought we had it figured out .
Yet in 25 years , it slowly became clear that the Western dream had its demons too . Common goods were sacrificed in the name of a future prosperity that came to only a few , while many remained destitute and marginalised .
While some of those protesting corruption and dysfunctional politics were still seeing them as effects of a communist heritage ( in Bulgaria specifically , this message was actively pushed by the centre-right opposition among the protesters ) , many were ready to admit that they were victims of the new system as well .
Diverging paths
Romanians and Bulgarians tend to see their societies as passive . Decades of authoritarian regimes during which opposition was brutally stifled meant that a tradition of protest was missing . Civic engagement did not really pick up after 1989 , partly because of this history , and partly because people were busy chasing new opportunities , or perhaps because we had managed to persuade ourselves we were inactive by nature .
Over the course of 2013 , both Romanians and Bulgarians broke with that tradition with gusto .
Beyond the commonalities described until now , the evolution of the protest movements differed in the two countries .
In a way , Romanians were lucky . The trigger for their protests was a cause that proved less divisive . Politicians on all sides of the political spectrum had promoted the gold mine , and organisers of the protests were very careful to distance the movement from any party .
The Bulgarian pretext for mobilisation - the call for the resignation of the government led by Prime Minister Plamen Oresharski - backfired in the end . In the beginning of the summer of 2013 , it seemed that everyone was in the streets united by this call . Yet after a while , the protests took on a more specific political colour .
Voices blaming `` communists '' ( the Socialist Party was the offspring of the former Bulgarian Communist Party ) for all of society 's ills became very vocal . Getting rid of `` red trash '' and making Bulgaria truly European emerged as the core message . This was the rhetoric of the centre-right parties in opposition . Many stopped participating , feeling unrepresented , and weary of being used in electoral games .
The Bulgarian government , battered and bruised , has nevertheless held on to power . Early elections for this autumn were recently announced , meaning that Oresharski had to resign this summer - but this would have been too late for the protesters to see it as a direct result of their intervention . The thousands celebrating the anniversary in mid-June still called for an immediate resignation , indicative of how much some of the Bulgarians wanted a symbolic victory .
In Romania , circumstances were very different . After a few weeks of protests , Romanians were already getting signals from parliamentarians that the controversial draft project might not pass . A 15-year-old campaign to save Rosia Montana had prepared solid evidence against the project which popular mobilisation brought to the surface . MPs were now afraid to push the law . This sense of victory proved empowering .
Thus the Romanian protest gave birth immediately to a loose civic movement that is active until today . Winning Rosia Montana boosted people 's confidence and they were ready for more . Good guidance from a core of experienced activists helped Uniti Salvam , a Facebook page coordinating the protests , turn into a real community . They had regular meetings and took on new themes , such as fighting fracking , promoting electoral reform , and saving parks .
Bulgarians , on the other hand , have been much more divided and polarised since fall 2013 .
What is unique to Bulgaria though , is that as the protests were winding down last year , an occupation of Sofia university was organised in October , explicitly to challenge the direction of Bulgaria 's post-socialist transition . The students ' actions enjoyed broad sympathy , from Sofia intelligentsia to people from the countryside . The political activation of students could bear fruit in the future .
The Bulgarian and Romanian protests were in a sense a visceral criticism of the transition . In the Bulgarian case , there was a clear political critique voiced by some of the protesters . On the other hand , the Romanian network has been working on spreading progressive politics . At the moment the main challenge they face is linking individual issues ( the treat of fracking in Pungesti , for example ) to their systemic causes ( dysfunctional capitalism , corruption , etc ) .
Still , a momentous shift has happened in both countries . Citizens have moved back into the public space and politicians are no longer operating in a civic vacuum . Romanians and Bulgarians are readier than ever to ask questions and demand answers from politicians , even if they have to do it in the streets . Figuring out a long-term strategy for real and lasting change is a challenge , and one which they share with many around the world .
Claudia Ciobanu is a freelance reporter based in Warsaw , who contributes to Inter Press Service ( ipsnews.net ) and OpenDemocracy ( opendemocracy.net ) , among other media .
Follow them on Twitter : @ Claudia_Warsaw .
digmouse Profile Blog Joined November 2010 China 5165 Posts Last Edited : 2012-08-08 11:58:52 # 1
Patch notes can be found below and
T/N : I 'm not very familiar with Mac so that section might not be very accurate .
A minor bugfix patch , 1.5.1 , has been deployed on the TW/KR server.Patch notes can be found below and here in Traditional Chinese T/N : I 'm not very familiar with Mac so that section might not be very accurate . Bugfix
General
When navigating the Campaign page , a teammate joining matchmaking queue no longer cause a crash .
Using Ctrl+F no longer cause the camera to follow the selected unit .
Leaving a multiplayer game during loading screen no longer cause a crash .
Fixed an issue that causing baselineCache.bin corrupted permanently .
Battle.net
Fixed an issue that the profile page does not show the correct ladder information .
Viewing the `` Friends '' section of Leagues and Ladders page no longer crashs the game .
Hovering on the `` Show More '' button in Open Game list no longer displays incorrect text .
The 1v1 match history no longer sometimes show incorrect data .
The `` My Leagues '' page in the fast navigation window no longer show a spinning loading icon .
Mac
Command+Click now correctly works as Right-Click .
Disabling the system keyboard hotkeys no longer stuck at the exit screen . Translator If you want to ask anything about Chinese esports , send me a PM or follow me @ nerddigmouse .
FabledIntegral Profile Blog Joined November 2008 United States 9200 Posts # 2 No addressing FPS issues ?
KunFuSion Profile Joined May 2011 United States 189 Posts # 3 Got ta make sure that Genderal gets fixed !
Looks like some issues that happen and still happen with WoW . Got ta always protect them mcnuggets .
Trasko Profile Blog Joined July 2010 Sweden 972 Posts # 4 YESSS . They fixed the Command click issue ! I 'm so glad . That was such a pain in the ass not having ... I 'm glad ! Jaedong < 3
galtdunn Profile Joined March 2011 United States 799 Posts # 5 No fix on larva blocking building placement Currently editing items in the DotA 2 wiki . PM for questions/suggestions .
BearStorm Profile Joined September 2010 United States 795 Posts # 6 I would n't be surprised if another quick fix is around the corner . Try to stay calm guys ! `` Anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life , nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge . ''
ZwuckeL Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Germany 562 Posts Last Edited : 2012-08-08 07:40:40 # 7 On August 08 2012 16:28 galtdunn wrote :
No fix on larva blocking building placement No fix on larva blocking building placement
this was hotfixed days ago already this was hotfixed days ago already
Tzuborg Profile Joined April 2011 Norway 171 Posts # 8 Ffs , why wo n't they even mention the lag issues people are having ?
Shield Profile Blog Joined August 2009 Bulgaria 4822 Posts # 9 On August 08 2012 16:12 FabledIntegral wrote :
No addressing FPS issues ?
My thought exactly . Computer like mine ( Core 2 Quad 2.66 ghz , 2 gb ram and 256 MB NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT ) suffers from any signicant FPS drop . My thought exactly . Computer like mine ( Core 2 Quad 2.66 ghz , 2 gb ram and 256 MB NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT ) suffers from any signicant FPS drop .
SchfiftyFive Profile Joined September 2010 United States 131 Posts # 10 On August 08 2012 16:16 Trasko wrote :
YESSS . They fixed the Command click issue ! I 'm so glad . That was such a pain in the ass not having ... I 'm glad !
/epic
/epic My IQ ? // `` Unprotected sex is like fast expanding in close positions . Its risky , but feels great when it works out '' Cim9
eviltomahawk Profile Blog Joined August 2010 United States 10876 Posts # 11
They also updated the launcher with some links to eSports news , which is a nice addition considering that LoL and DotA2 have had a heavy focus on eSports in their clients . ㅇㅅㅌㅅ
Shield Profile Blog Joined August 2009 Bulgaria 4822 Posts # 12 I got an update for the launcher posted above , but I did n't see and check patch notes . So , is EU updated as well ?
chuDr3t4 Profile Joined April 2010 Russian Federation 442 Posts Last Edited : 2012-08-08 08:24:24 # 13 Fixed an issue that causing baselineCache.bin corrupted permanently .
I think this is supposed to fix issues with cache and freezes with new units ingame . I think this is supposed to fix issues with cache and freezes with new units ingame . I live in Russia . I wear the fufaika , valenoks and the shapka-ushanka with the red star . I drink vodka straight from the samovar , and my riding bear plays on the balalaika .
dani ` Profile Joined January 2011 Netherlands 2382 Posts # 14 I also got an update for the EU Client , but on the intro screen it still says 1.5.0.22612 , and CTRL + F does still ( sometimes ? ) follow a selected unit . So seems we have to wait another week for this unless they patch it on another day than Wednesday .
eviltomahawk Profile Blog Joined August 2010 United States 10876 Posts # 15 On August 08 2012 17:23 chuDr3t4 wrote :
Show nested quote +
Fixed an issue that causing baselineCache.bin corrupted permanently .
I think this is supposed to fix issues with cache and freezes with new units ingame . I think this is supposed to fix issues with cache and freezes with new units ingame .
I 'm still getting some stuttering problems , unfortunately . I 'm not sure if I notice any improvement . I 'm still getting some stuttering problems , unfortunately . I 'm not sure if I notice any improvement . ㅇㅅㅌㅅ
R1CH Profile Blog Joined May 2007 Netherlands 9987 Posts Last Edited : 2012-08-08 09:07:49 # 16 The patch is n't live yet . Only the new launcher and patch notes are up , KR bnet news says the patch is applying Thursday between 5am and 6am KST , not sure about other regions . Administrator Twitter : @ R1CH_TL
graNite Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Germany 4401 Posts # 17 It updated my EU client , but the spinning wheel at the `` my league '' quicknavigation is still there . `` Oink oink , bitches '' - Tasteless on Pigbaby winning a map against Flash
bOneSeven Profile Blog Joined January 2012 Romania 602 Posts # 18 well since they took several months to screw SC2 for cheap PCs , I guess it will take mb 1 year to fix it . Planet earth is blue and there 's nothing I can do
Polar_Nada Profile Blog Joined June 2008 United States 1547 Posts # 19 oh come on we really need a fix on fps ! but i guess this is better than nothing . [ ReD ] NaDa and fnaticMSI.SEn fighting~ ! : :POlar @ UC Irvine : :
ElusoryX Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Singapore 2041 Posts # 20 cool , can finally shortcut to my ranking page hahaha . xd
1 2 3 4 5 6 Next All
The goodmenproject.com claims to be taking an in-depth look at the men 's rights movement . I do n't think so . Far from it . I think it was more like insulting the movement , softening the audience with indirect slurs and then throwing them into a pre-arranged firing squad of those who hate them .
Just imagine that the “ good men ” project was doing a piece on introducing the Black Civil rights movement back in the 60 's and 70 's . Would they introduce them with this sort of statement :
“ It would be easy to write these Black activists off as nuts and not give them a second thought ”
Or maybe something like this :
“ Once dismissed as the looniest and fringiest of the lunatic fringe , Black civil rights groups have “ gone mainstream . ”
Or this : i l
“ imposing their views on our national conversations around race and a host of other social issues . ”
Or this
“ Black civil rights advocates can be easy to dismiss as crackpot extremists . Perhaps best known for descending like outraged locusts on southern towns… ”
I remember from the days of the civil rights movement that some media did indeed respond to the activists in a similar fashion . We now see them clearly as bigots . Somehow it is easier to see when framed with race instead of sex .
But , it gets worse . Just as they introduce the Black activists with slurs and offer some writings from Blacks on their civil rights issues the host then says that they want to also offer a counterpoint . So what do they do ? They ask George Wallace and a KKK member to offer their ideas about Blacks protesting for their civil rights .
Does the host want a fair introduction and an in-depth look ?
I do n't think so .
It seems that given the situation what they would really be working towards is creating more chaos . Wanting some real mud-slinging and of course the best way to get that is to soften the target by letting your readers know right off the bat that it would be okay to insult them ; likening them to the “ lunatic fringe ” or “ outraged locusts ” models for the readers the behaviors that are acceptable .
If the admin can insult them they must be fair game . In essence the host is saying it is fine to bash these men 's rights guys , they may have a couple of good points but on the whole there is something wrong with them . They are not good men .
Notice also that the male feminists are never disparaged or made fun of in the same way . This also clues in the audience about their expected behavior . The host is telling you which side can be bashed and which side is really the good guys .
It 's a misnomer to call this site the “ good men ” site . No good man would ever do this sort of thing and set up one side as a scapegoat and tar baby as has been done here . No , this is not the work of mature men , this is more like a middle school boy who is setting up a fight after school and wants to watch two boys beat the crap out of each other and gets the entire student body out there to watch . One of the boys is someone they really did n't like and wanted to see them hurt and publicly embarrassed so they set it up .
A good man would have given the men 's rights folks a chance to speak their truth without insulting them , without calling in those who openly hate them and without setting them up as patsies to be bashed . They would have evaluated them based on their ideas and refrained from making personal attacks that were unrelated to those ideas . They would have clearly responded with their own truth after they had a chance to speak theirs . This sort of interaction breeds understanding and highlights ideological differences . The mayhem and chaos from the “ good ” men site seems more motivated to get more visitors through bloody combat than it does to seek the truth .
Is this the work of a good man ?
I find it at least a little ironic that they have chosen to mock the men 's rights movement on the same week that a group of 34 male and female academics and practitioners have revealed a proposal that they have been writing for over a year on the plight of boys and men in the U.S .
This proposal is being sent to President Obama with the hopes of creating a White House Commission on Boys to Men . The proposal offers page after page showing the hardships and discrimination that boys and men face in the United States today . Much of what the proposal offers can be seen in the statistics and ideas of the men 's rights advocates who have responded on the goodmen site . Each of the 34 commision members have spent much of their lives working to better the lives of boys and men .
Were any of those 34 asked to contribute ? I do n't think so . Would the goodmenproject.com call them locusts or lunatics ? Probably not . I wonder why ? They are basically saying the same thing as the MRA posters . Most of them are nationally known , have written books , given workshops or spoken to the media .
I frankly think that the goodmenproject.com owes the men 's right people an apology . I 'm not holding my breath . That young man who started the fight after school is in no way mature enough to be able to evaluate their own responsibility .
A good man would .
And now , a moment of silence for a white-tipped shark that was sent to that big ocean in the sky last week after being shipped from New York to L.A. and placed in an above-ground backyard pool for a Kmart commercial shoot [ cue moment ] .
Perhaps even worse , if it 's true ? The Los Angeles Times cites a “ whistle-blower ” on set who says the people in charge of shooting the commercial asked for another shark after the first one died . Oof .
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals is ticked off at the American Humane Assn. , the group in charge of the “ No Animals Were Harmed ” certification used in movies and commercials .
“ Sharks are sensitive animals who , in captivity , require a highly specialized and controlled environment , ” an animal behavior specialist for PETA wrote in a letter to an association official . “ Given the delicate nature of this species , why would the AHA approve the transport and use of the animal ? ”
At the time , the shark was injected with adrenaline and received oxygen after it showed signs of stress . The shark was then taken from the pool and sent to a specialist in Long Beach , but it was too late . The shark reportedly died that afternoon .
PETA brings up the “ whistle-blower ” who worked on the commercial and said Kmart asked for a second shark . The production company apparently refused and used an animatronic hippopotamus instead , said PETA .
The AHA says it 's having a third party look into the shark 's death , adding that it does n't make “ decisions about what animals are used , nor do we have jurisdiction over their transportation . ”
Shark dies in Kmart commercial shoot in Van Nuys backyard pool [ Los Angeles Times ]
Transparency Takes a Hit in CIA Budget Cuts Share This :
As part of recent sequestration cuts , the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) has closed its Historical Collections Division , which had been tasked with voluntary declassification of important historical records , including documents related to the Bay of Pigs , the Cold War and the Korean War . The responsibilities of the Historical Records Division will be transferred to the CIA 's Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) office , an office that already has a growing backlog of FOIA requests and appeals .
Unfortunately , transparency programs are often the first victims of budget cuts . For example , Sunlight has been fighting to maintain funding for online transparency programs that the federal government supports through its Electronic Government Fund , which faces continued threats to its existence .
According to the CIA 's annual FOIA reports , the agency has consistently faced an increasing number of requests and corresponding backlog increase over the last four years . The agency 's most recent report indicates that at the conclusion of the 2012 fiscal year , 1,147 requests remained unprocessed – a 159 request increase from the former year . Clearly , the FOIA office of the CIA is not in a position to prioritize declassification review .
Even prior to the closure of the Historical Collections Division , declassification numbers were down . The National Archives and Records Administration recently reported that during FY 2012 , the government declassified only 20 million records – the lowest number since the Reagan Administration .
We 've written before about declassification of historical records . These records give the public greater details about past public policy decisions and help scholars see the context of wars , political scandals , and historic eras . They are essential to having a more complete picture of American history .
To place the responsibility for reviewing troves of classified data on an already overburdened FOIA office undercuts the Obama Administration 's stated transparency goals . Transparency is essential to a properly functioning democracy , and providing ample budgets for declassification and FOIA offices is money well spent .
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Neal Ardley says AFC Wimbledon feel unbeateable as they bid to finish in the League Two play-off places .
The Dons have won five of their previous six matches and the manager believes four points from their last four games will secure a top seven finish .
“ I look at the players and they feel they can win every game , ” said Ardley .
“ I had a look at form tables and from January 1 we would be second in the League with only Northampton above us . When you look at that , the boys can draw confidence from it . ”
Tomorrow they host Leyton Orient and Ardley is weighing up whether to recall midfielder Jake Reeves , who has been out for a fortnight with a hamstring injury .
“ Hopefully Jake may be in with an outside chance but if not , then certainly Tuesday when we play Dagenham with a bit of luck , ” Neal said . “ Central midfield is one position in the squad where we are a little bit light . ”
Orient need a victory to keep alive their chances of promotion . They are five points off the top seven with just three games left .
Head coach Andy Hessenthaler said : “ We need to win three out of three so we need to go to Wimbledon and win . All we can do is try to win our remaining three matches . ”
“ Hello , I am here to help you calm down . Here you are completely safe . Nothing bad can or will happen to you. ” The voice emanates from nowhere in particular .
Birds chirp and butterflies flitter at the lakeside campsite . As night falls , a neon green sign buzzes alive , bearing the name of the pharmacy chain that is promoting this virtual reality experience across Sweden .
The app , called “ Happy Place , ” is a virtual reality program for the Oculus Rift headset commissioned by Apotek Hjärtat , Sweden 's largest private pharmacy chain . The pharmacy already provides headsets with the software to nurses at six of its medical clinics . The app is designed to alleviate pain — such as the pain of receiving a vaccination — by distracting patients with a peaceful , interactive environment .
Lotta Haller , a nurse at one of these clinics in Stockholm , recalls a recent teenage patient receiving a vaccination for tick-borne encephalitis . They finished administering the shot and told the boy they could take off the virtual reality helmet .
“ Can I sit a bit more ? ” they asked .
Haller says that when they tested the virtual reality simulation , they too are reluctant to reenter the real world . Haller 's clinic started using the virtual reality simulation earlier this month , and so far , she 's used it on about 20 patients while giving them shots . Users can also download it at home for personal use .
The app takes users to a lakeside campsite replete with objects with which the patient can interact by staring at them . They can light a fire , read a book , play music , or summon a sea monster . Meanwhile , an omnipotent narrator utters serene phrases and gives physiological advice : “ Acknowledge any thoughts without trying to get rid of them . Keep taking several slow deep abdominal breaths . ”
Researchers have been studying virtual reality for pain relief over the past 20 years . The technology was made famous by SnowWorld , developed by University of Washington Medical Center researchers , which immerses burn victims in a frigid environment . Scientists have also tested virtual reality experiences to help chemotherapy patients alleviate pain .
Josh Sackman , president and cofounder of AppliedVR , which develops virtual reality experiences and connects software and hardware companies with medical centers , said that hospitals from Boston to Los Angeles are looking for ways to use virtual reality technology to help their patients . This is the first pharmacy he 's seen jumping into the game .
Apotek Hjärtat 's head of communications , Jonas Mjöbäck , said they are motivated by reasons medical and marketing . Research shows that virtual reality is effective at distracting people from temporary pain , they said . And promoting a virtual reality app might set Apotek Hjärtat apart from competitors in terms of pain management — the over-the-counter painkillers in Sweden are the same between pharmacies , so marketing virtual reality might be a way to stand out . The idea of putting helmets in clinics came later .
The pharmacy chain also said that the virtual reality experience can relieve pain from menstrual cramps or from getting tattoos .
Stockholm resident Albin Ring recently spent 10 minutes in the virtual world while getting a tattoo .
Ring , 32 , tested the app at the request of their cousin , who works for a public relations firm promoting it . As far as they know , he 's the first person to be tattooed in real life while exploring in virtual reality .
“ I still felt the pain , ” Ring said . But , “ I was so distracted , so I did n't really think about it most of the time . And that 's quite amazing actually . ”
More rigorous evidence may be forthcoming . Sackman said AppliedVR is involved in ongoing clinical trials of the technology , including one at Children 's Hospital Los Angeles that uses virtual reality for children getting their blood drawn . They are also selling virtual reality technology to some medical centers at a discounted price in exchange for data on how effective the software is for the patients .
Apotek Hjärtat knows this app is still in the very early stages . Mjöbäck did n't even know how many times it had been downloaded so far . They still need to see what consumers think of it before they make concrete plans .
“ Should we start selling the virtual reality helmet through our [ website ] ? ” Mjöbäck mused . “ That could be an option . We just have to wait and see how it turns out . ”
Sackman agreed . They praised the virtual environment of “ Happy Place , ” but noted that it may be more effective for the narration to correspond better to the patient 's actions . More testing , and more data , they said , is the way to move forward .
The bumpy saga of the HP Slate took another turn this week with the revelation that the product is still destined to launch with Windows 7 , albeit with a focus on the enterprise market .
Originally unveiled at CES earlier this year by Steve Ballmer , the HP Slate was touted by Microsoft as evidence that the Windows 7 platform was viable for touchscreen mobile computing products . HP initially aimed to launch the device this year at a price of $ 1,500 , but the hardware maker appeared to change course after its high-profile acquisition of Palm . HP confirmed a few months ago that it was dumping Windows 7 in favor of Palm 's webOS on the Slate . The news this week that the Windows 7 slate has risen from the dead comes as a surprise .
Frankly , the entire idea behind the Windows-based HP Slate seemed odd . HP wanted to take an operating system that is not particularly well-suited for the tablet form factor and cram it on a $ 1,500 touchscreen device with hardware specs that otherwise match the average $ 300 netbook . The previous plan to ditch the product seemed practically like a mercy killing , because the Windows-based Slate was an obvious non-starter for the regular consumer market .
But now HP says that it has tapped Windows for the enterprise tablet market . Engadget quotes HP Personal Systems Group VP Todd Bradley , who said that the Slate will be `` more customer-specific than broadly deployed . '' We wondered at first what HP 's product developers could be thinking , but the advantages of a Windows-powered Slate for the enterprise market start to look logical if you think about all of the highly specialized line-of-business software that only runs on Microsoft 's operating system . However , many of these LOB applications are run only on-premises , which means that a slate running a simple remote desktop application will work just fine .
Ultimately , it looks like HP is going to pursue a two-platform strategy , using Windows for business products and webOS for the regular consumer market . I can imagine a Windows-based Slate gaining some momentum in the healthcare industry , where the client-side IT ecosystem is very Windows-centric and there is an obvious need for portable computing . But hospitals are also ideal examples of locations where a terminal server and a thin client can effectively bring Windows to ARM tablets . There are other businesses with similar needs where the technology may also be practical .
A two-platform strategy can be made viable , but I think that it would be stronger if they can provide some kind of portability layer for writing touchscreen applications that work across both operating systems . Perhaps this could be achieved by building some kind of webOS runtime for Windows , one that makes it easy to package up webOS HTML and JavaScript apps for deployment on Microsoft 's operating system . Such an approach could boost the availability of tablet-friendly general-purpose applications that can be used alongside native Windows line-of-business software on the Windows-based Slate .
Maintaining and supporting multiple platforms in parallel can be difficult , so it 's not surprising that HP decided to put aside its Android plans while it gets mobile products with Windows and webOS ready for the market . If webOS tablets succeed , I think it 's unlikely that HP will continue tinkering with Android .
The real question at this point is whether we will see another dramatic reversal before the Slate hits the market . The product seems almost like the Schroedinger 's Cat of tablets .
Listing image by EMI Films
Deploying Python based Slackbot to Heroku
I decided to create this guide , because Heroku deployments are n't always as intuitive as we expect them to be .
Getting Setup
For this guide i forked a popular python based slackbot
Added my own custom responses , i 'll skip this section as lins README is self explanatory
So now your ready to deploy your bot so its a standable entity , heroku is perfect for this because deployment is easy & its free.99
Procfile
A Procfile contains a number of process type declarations , each on a new line . Each process type is a declaration of a command that is executed when a dyno of that process type is started .
Create a Procfile :
web : python run.py
Heroku
Ensure you have a Heroku account and installed their command line tools
heroku update heroku login
Now its time to create/connect to your heroku app and configure your remote url .
If you do n't have an existing app : heroku create
else : heroku git : remote -a < app-name >
Visit your Heroku Dashboard for your app and ensure you have set the SLACKBOT_API_TOKEN environment variable .
Now that you have your remote url setup :
git push heroku < branch_name > heroku ps : scale web=1
You will see this error when you visit your heroku URL . This is expected because this is a bot… . not a website so there is no index.html on port 80 ; )
Test your bot on slack !
A letter sponsored by Israel lobby group AIPAC , and signed by 88 US senators , is demanding that President Obama unconditionally veto any “ one-sided ” resolution on the Israeli peace process brought before the UN Security Council during the last four months of their term in office .
The letter was penned by the lobby at the behest of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , whose office is concerned that years of acrimony between them and Obama might lead Obama to not veto a French resolution on the peace process if it comes between the November election and the day they leave office .
In comments today at the UN General Assembly , President Obama warned that Israel ca n't simply occupy Palestine forever , which despite being in line with long-standing US calls for a two-state solution , is seen as unusual criticism of an occupation that much of Israel 's far-right government is viewing as permanent at this point .
Israel has long relied on US vetoes to avoid criticism at the Security Council for its many misdeeds in the occupied territories , and despite the suggestion that Obama is uncooperative , he 's vetoed everything , just like other presidents have . If they are inclined to do a rare non-veto , it 's not clear the Senate warning them not to be going to play much of a role .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Updated 5:57 p.m .
Rep. Grace Meng ( D-N.Y. ) , a first-year student lawmaker from the New York City area , was attacked and robbed Tuesday evening in the Eastern Market area .
Meng said they had just said goodnight to a friend they had dinner with in the neighborhood about 8:30 p.m. when they were attacked from behind .
Responding police officers found Meng disoriented at 2nd St. and Independence Avenue SE with bruising and swelling to the back of the left side of their head , and injuries to their left knee , hand and face . Meng was not able to remember where they were robbed or describe their assailant or assailants , according to a D.C. police report .
All Meng could tell police was that they had dinner on 8th Street SE and their black Gucci tote bag was stolen during the attack . Medics evaluated them at the scene then took Meng to George Washington University hospital . The report described their injuries as abrasion , swelling , bruises and unconsciousness .
With the way security was setup at this particular outpost ( not a FOB , which has led to a ton of confusion on the civilian side ) , together with the ANP , there was security on all 4 sides of this OP , with continual watches to make sure everything was safe from the outside looking in . This is why Bergdahl just could n't of walked out without anyone saying/doing anything , there would 've been something said -- something done had a friendly or unknown been moving around so close to the security line without a proper explanation/mission .
When the sudden realization came in that a United States Soldier was missing , there were foot patrols put together with a quickness ... expecting the worst , hoping for the best . After the patrols failed to produce a missing Bergdahl , it was pronounced a proper DUSTWUN and everything that went with it .
For myself personally , that was the start of probably the most crazy and tumultuous 3 months of my life . It was 90 days of living out of vehicles , 24 hour security rotations wherever we were . Questioned by much higher ranking officers and NCOs , shot at a dozen times , a half dozen air-assault missions into completely foreign territory -- chasing some intel report , blown up with more IEDs than I care to count . Living out of a box of MRE 's and paying $ 5 to buy a goat from a local farmer so we could roast it during a small downtime and have something else to eat . We stopped by an actual U.S. base only a few times in the process , sometimes the choice beteween a shower or actual hot chow or a run to the PX to grab as many cartons of Cigarettes as possible .
It was miserable . After the minimum 90 days , the search still continued whenever a reliable intel source came through . Bergdahl was quickly 'that name ' that no one spoke , and the looks that I receive from people when I tell them that he 's no hero -- rather a deserter who put many , many people through many months of a terrible , horrible experience .
EDIT : If you want to know more -- PM me and we can organize something .
The Palestine Red Crescent Society on Sunday declared a state of emergency across the occupied Palestinian territory following an upsurge in violence by Israeli soldiers and settlers , including 14 attacks on the society 's ambulances in just three days .
The society said in a statement that it was declaring a level 3 state of emergency and putting all its staff , teams and volunteers on standby .
The society decried Israeli violations of international humanitarian law , saying that in a 72-hour period , it had faced 14 attacks against its staff and vehicles “ in a serious escalation of violations against PRCS , its teams and the humanitarian services they render . ”
Most recently , the statement said that Israeli soldiers attacked one of the society 's ambulances while tending to injured Palestinians during clashes in front of al-Quds University 's Abu Dis campus earlier Sunday .
Two days earlier , the statement said that Israeli forces attacked an ambulance in al-Issawiya village in occupied East Jerusalem , before they “ proceeded to arrest an injured Palestinian from inside the ambulance . ”
Also on Friday , the windshield of another ambulance was smashed by settlers in Burin village in Nablus , preventing it from “ discharging its humanitarian duty . ”
The society said that on Saturday , five paramedics “ were beaten up by soldiers in Jerusalem , ” while Israeli forces also attacked an ambulance crew with batons in Jerusalem 's Old City .
The statement said Israeli soldiers also “ severely beat another ambulance crew in Jabal Al Taweel ( Al-Bireh ) , wounding two paramedics , ” afterward detaining a wounded Palestinian from the ambulance .
The Palestine Red Crescent Society , which is a full member of the International Movement of the Red Cross and Red Crescent , said that the incidents were “ a blatant violation ” of international humanitarian law .
The society called on the international community , including the UN General Assembly and Security Council , to “ shoulder their responsibilities by taking the necessary steps to make Israeli occupation authorities comply ” with international law .
The Palestine Red Crescent Society was founded in 1968 , to cater to Palestinians in the occupied Palestinian territory .
Following the 1993 Oslo Accord , the newly established Palestinian Authority Ministry of Health mandated the society to provide an ambulance service to the Palestinian population .
Recent days have seen a surge of violence across the occupied Palestinian territory .
Tensions had been steadily mounting in recent weeks due to Israeli restrictions on Palestinians seeking to enter the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound in East Jerusalem .
A string of deadly attacks on Israelis , including a shooting that left two settlers dead in the West Bank on Thursday , and a stabbing in Jerusalem that claimed two Israelis ' lives on Saturday , prompted further clashes .
Dozens of Palestinians have been reported injured in recent days , including many shot with live rounds .
( Ma'an )
The official line from U.S.-based multinational corporations is that if they get a huge tax break , they 'll bring home the trillions of dollars in profits they 've stashed overseas and use it to hire tons of Americans . ( Nearly 3 million , says the U.S. Chamber of Commerce ! )
But now that Donald Trump 's election means it might really happen , corporate executives are telling Wall Street analysts what they 'll actually use that money for : enriching their shareholders and buying other companies .
The Intercept 's examination of dozens of earnings calls and investor conference talks since Trump won the presidential election finds that many executives are telling analysts at large banks that they are eager to take the money to increase dividends and stock buybacks as well as snap up competitors . They demonstrate considerably less if any enthusiasm for going on a domestic hiring spree .
Many U.S. multinationals , especially in the technology and pharmaceutical industries , have long resisted bringing their overseas profits back to America — because if they did they 'd have to pay taxes on them at the current corporate rate of 35 percent . Their accumulated untaxed foreign profits have now grown to a spectacular $ 2.5 trillion , an amount equal to about 70 percent of the federal government 's annual budget and 14 percent of the entire U.S. economy .
While running for president , Trump proudly proclaimed that he 'd give those corporations a special 10 percent tax rate on that money — not , you understand , for an unpopular reason like making rich people richer , but because it would help regular Americans .
“ The wealthy are going to create tremendous jobs . They 're going to expand their companies , ” Trump asserted during the first presidential debate . “ They 're going to bring $ 2.5 trillion back from overseas , … to be put to use on the inner cities and lots of other things , and it would be beautiful. ” During the third debate they promised that “ We 're going to start hiring people , we 're going to bring the $ 2.5 trillion that 's offshore back into the country . We are going to start the engine rolling again . ”
What would companies do with all that money ? Doug Holtz-Eakin , a prominent economist who advises multinationals , explained in 2013 that they 'd “ Invest , expand payrolls and create jobs . … A temporary tax holiday on foreign earnings could add up to $ 440 billion to the U.S. gross domestic product and create up to 3.5 million jobs . ”
Cisco , the California-based IT giant , has $ 58 billion overseas and has long been one of the most outspoken corporate proponents of a tax holiday . Its previous CEO John Chambers claimed in 2010 that profit repatriation “ could be used for creating jobs , investing in research , building plants , purchasing equipment , and other uses . ”
But on a November 16 earnings call , Cisco 's CFO Kelly Kramer told securities analyst what the company would actually do with all that money . First it would make changes to its debt structure , and then “ we would have a blend of actions we can certainly take with our dividend as well as our share buyback , as well as leading flexibility for us to be able to do M & A and strategic investments . ”
Similarly , Hewlett Packard has $ 47 billion in foreign profits and is a member of the organization Lift America , which claims lightly-taxed profit repatriation will be fantastic for “ job creation. ” When asked in an earnings call whether HP would use a Trump repatriation tax cut “ for a dividend , or to raise the buyback , ” the company 's CFO answered “ yes ” and then extolled the company 's “ aggressive ” policy on share repurchases .
In an earnings call immediately after the election , Hubertus Muehlhaeuser , the CEO of the $ 2 billion Florida food service company Manitowoc , explained that “ of course , we would like to use [ it ] for industry consolidation purposes ” — i.e. , buying other companies .
The next week Agilent , a $ 15 billion healthcare technology company holding $ 5 billion overseas , conducted its quarterly earnings call . Asked about a Trump tax holiday , Agilent CEO Mike McMullen explained they 'd use the money “ for U.S.-based M & A ” — that is , mergers and acquisitions — and “ situations where we 've been using debt , such as our share repurchases . ”
Experts made it clear they expect the same to happen at other companies . In a discussion at a New York conference hosted by Goldman Sachs about the “ optimism ” generated in the business world by Trump 's election , Mike Selfridge of First Republic Bank explained that the “ almost $ 2.5 trillion of cash for corporations that have cash overseas , if that were to come back about 60 percent of that would go in the coffers of companies located within our urban coastal markets . … That would perhaps be positive for things like M & A , maybe some dividends or stock buybacks. ” They did not mention anything about jobs with the possible exception of “ wealth management opportunities . ”
On several earnings calls , companies including Hewlett-Packard made nods to using some repatriated profits for “ organic growth ” or “ making investments in the U.S. ” Some executives , like Tech Data CEO Bob Dutkowsky , said they believed a tax holiday “ would probably create jobs ” in general . And the CEO of United Technologies , after describing the possibilities for mergers and dividends , did note that the company might “ invest in jobs here in the U.S. ” But what was missing from all of the post-election calls and conferences we examined was any sign that any executive feels their own corporation has a specific , pressing need to expand employment in the U.S. and can only do with their overseas money .
That should n't be surprising . If multinationals saw strong job-creating investment opportunities , they could simply borrow money domestically , using their foreign funds as collateral . That 's essentially what Apple has recently done — although it was to pay out dividends to shareholders , not make investments .
But if corporations wo n't ramp up hiring , would a Trump tax holiday at least goose the stock market ? Possibly , but that does little for most Americans , since stock ownership is so highly concentrated at the top . The most probable outcome from profit repatriation is that the yawning chasm between the richest Americans and everyone else will just get wider .
Indeed , that 's exactly what happened the last time the U.S. had a corporate tax holiday in 2004 , cutting the rate on repatriated profits to 5 percent . Companies lobbying for the so-called “ Homeland Investment Act ” claimed it would help them hire Americans and invest in research and development . Instead they used the money for stock buybacks and increased executive compensation , while the prime beneficiaries actually cut their U.S. payroll . ( According to Bill Clinton , George W. Bush was “ so mad that they signed the 5.75 percent repatriation bill [ and ] none of it was reinvested . ” )
Deuel Delighted To Take On Snooker Challenge
filed on Monday , May 20 , 2013 . 6:06am PT/USA
The former U.S. Open 9-Ball Pool Champion , Corey Deuel , is all set to make a cross over to snooker as they will compete alongside the defending champion , Sargon Isaac , in this year 's United States National Snooker Championship at Snooker 147 Bar & Grill in Houston , Texas , from May 24-27 .
Not since Mike Massey back in 1993 has such a notable and highly regarded figure in U.S. pool tried their hand in the National Snooker Championship , but the 35-year-old from Florida is determined to learn and have fun competing even if they do not pick up the title .
Speaking to the SnookerUSA.com website , Deuel , who tasted recent success in pool by capturing this year 's Derby City Classic One-Pocket Division title , said : `` Although I do n't get the chance to play much , whenever I see a snooker table I always try to play ... in my eyes snooker is the best of all pool games combined ! ''
Photo courtesy of Matchroom Sport Pool star Corey Deuel ( pictured ) is determined to learn and have fun playing in their first United States National Snooker Championship
When asked , as a top pool player , what they believe are the biggest differences they will have to overcome in playing competitive snooker , they commented : `` It starts with the safety play ... long shot making and tricky positional play . ''
They added however that play around the cluster of reds is much like as in the pool game 14.1 , but playing snooker is like they have just started to play but they find it fun trying to learn .
California 's Isaac as defending champion will start out as the favorite to claim back the title , given the fantastic style in which they won the event last year at their first attempt . However they will face some stern opposition from the large contingent of New York players which include the three-time champion Ahmed Aly Elsayed , who will be desperate to win back the title they had in their possession from 2009-11 , also Raymond Fung and Jian Qiang Wang who are both former Championship runners-up .
Photo © SnookerUSA.com The defending champion Sargon Isaac pictured after winning last year 's Championship
California 's former champion , Ajeya Prabhakar , who Isaac defeated in last year 's final at the Embassy Billiards Club in San Gabriel , California , will also be in the running to try and pocket a second title , as they endeavor to turn around a record of having lost in three of the last four Championship finals .
Chicago 's Tom Kollins completes the line-up of former champions participating , as the record five-time winner embarks on another remarkable title attempt at the age of 77 .
With players entered from all the four corners of the United States , naturally there is a very healthy local representation with a record fourteen entries from the state of Texas , many of whom play and practice at the host venue in Houston .
The Host proprietors , Mr. Syed Hassan and Mr. Aurangzeb Mahmud , have insured that all players will receive the warmest of welcomes and will enjoy their visit to this brand-new snooker facility .
The Championship will be played on all of the eight snooker tables available at Snooker 147 Bar & Grill , which are a combination of the top snooker brands Riley and BCE all imported from England  including two Championship standard Riley Aristocrat Tournament tables .
Photo courtesy of Snooker 147 Bar & Grill The entrance facade to Snooker 147 Bar & Grill
Mr. Hassan commented that they will provide free practice time for all the players , so for those who are available , May 24 has been designated as a practice day with the Players ' Meeting commencing at 7pm , after which the Championship draw will take place .
The participants will be divided into eight groups of players , one seeded player per group with the defending champion seeded number one , and all the other remaining players will be drawn at random . The qualifying placed players will advance into the knockout stage of the Championship .
The Group matches will all be contested over the best-of-three frames , with the knockout round matches up to and including the quarterfinals played over the best-of-five frames , the semifinals will be played over the best-of-seven frames and the final over the best-of-nine frames .
The USSA is pleased to have partnered with the Harris County Houston Sports Authority who will assist with the promotion of the Championship through their media contacts .
Alan Morris , the Executive Director of the USSA , said : `` The USSA Board is happy to have the support of the Houston Sports Authority who are very pleased to have the most prestigious snooker event in the United States played in their city .
`` Their cooperation with the publicity of the Championship is vitally important to the event in order to help spread the awareness of the sport in their city .
`` We are looking forward to what promises to be an amazing Championship played in a terrific new snooker establishment thanks to Mr. Hassan and Mr. Mahmud , and I would like to thank all of the players who are supporting the event through their participation and wish them all the very best . ''
The winner and runner-up of this year 's Championship will have the opportunity to represent the United States at this year 's International Billiards & Snooker Federation ( IBSF ) World Snooker Championships in the Latvian capital of Riga from November 18-30 .
Even though space around the tables maybe limited , interested spectators are welcomed to come and watch and experience the unique atmosphere of a prestigious snooker championship free of charge . Snooker 147 Bar & Grill is located at 14144 Westheimer Rd , Suite I , Houston , TX 77077 .
Full coverage of the Championship will be here on SnookerUSA.com .
Your first name
In the overtime segment of “ Real Time ” Friday night , host Bill Maher uttered three words in response to comments by provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos on transgender women using the ladies room next to “ women and girls ” that got fans on the political left very upset .
“ That 's not unreasonable , ” Maher said in response to Yiannopoulos saying , “ I think women and girls should be protected from having men who are confused about their sexual identities in their bathrooms . ”
This created a backlash on social media about how Maher is “ transphobic , ” “ an awful person , ” and much more .
WATCH :
Maher said it was “ not unreasonable ” for Milo to doxx a trans woman to protect “ women and children ” in bathrooms . Fucking bigot . — Dan Arel ( @ danarel ) February 18 , 2017
The piece of shit then turned to their guest and asked “ where do you stand on weirdos peeing ? ” Fuck him . — Dan Arel ( @ danarel ) February 18 , 2017
The Bill Maher-Milo lovefest was , among other things , the most trans-hating discussion I 've seen on television https : //t.co/GnAaKGIHtA https : //t.co/MRDpluL4bW — Glenn Greenwald ( @ ggreenwald ) February 18 , 2017
I did n't think Bill Maher could be more dead to me , but now he 's also hating on trans people . https : //t.co/xmVnvGJ87O — Paris Marx ( @ parismarx ) February 18 , 2017
Bill Maher is an awful person . They just casually perpetuated the myth that trans women are a threat to cis women & girls in public bathrooms https : //t.co/eMPo94PGcF — Shena Cavallo ( @ ShenaCavallo ) February 18 , 2017
Bill Maher is being super trans phobic on the latest episode of Real Time . @ larrywilmore is the only one calling Milo out . — Angelle ( @ thatjerkAngelle ) February 18 , 2017
Really , it 's a testament to how simpleminded Bill Maher is . Say enough negative shit about Muslims , trans people and “ P.C . Culture ” … — Tony Goldmark ( @ tonygoldmark ) February 18 , 2017
Last night , Bill Maher outed themselves as someone who wants to put trans women 's lives at risk . They are a hate mongerer like any other . — Christi Rat ( @ ChristianaJoy ) February 18 , 2017
I 'd be more afraid of Bill Maher in a bathroom with my imaginary daughter than any trans person . — T. Reinhardt ( @ tonyisimportant ) February 18 , 2017
TBH Bill Maher ridiculing trans people & praising a scummy alt-right troll is n't at all surprising if you 've ever watched their show # RealTime — Andrew Fishman ( @ AndrewDFish ) February 18 , 2017
I still ca n't believe stupid ass fake Liberal bill maher not defend trans community when Milo Yiannopoulos attack them with bias — kajaraj கஜராஜ் ( @ kajokc3513 ) February 18 , 2017
People are gon na be super mad at the fuckshit milo was spewing on Bill maher 's show , but Bill was almost as bad re : trans people — FResistZZ ( @ frzz ) February 18 , 2017
By booking Yiannopoulos , Bill Maher is further normalizing extreme bigotry . He 's putting trans and undocumented folks in extreme danger . — Jordan V. Allen ( @ jordanvalallen ) February 15 , 2017
# RealTime Bill Maher throws trans community under the bus yet again on Overtime . — danarubbernyc ( @ danarubbernyc ) January 21 , 2017
Wish I could be in the room when Milo stops beating a Trans Muslim and Bill Maher turns to Milo , and whispers , “ It 's my turn now. ” — David BrockBot ( @ DavidBrockBot ) February 18 , 2017
Metaverse First Meetup in Seoul
Metaverse Team Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 3 , 2017
Metaverse held its first official overseas meetup on Dec 1 in Seoul , led by Janice Shi , the Head of Global Development at Metaverse.The session was a great opportunity to meet with many community members and developers and share our visions for the future .
Agenda
7:30–8:00pm Overview of Metaverse
8:00–8:15pm Technical introduction
8:15–8:30pm Metaverse community updates
8:30–9:00pm Q & A and video call with Eric Gu
9:00–9:30pm Social Networking
Janice gave an introduction to the Metaverse blockchain 's features and technology , touching on the three pillars of digital identity , digital assets and Oracle value intermediaries . Janice also provided community updates including Metaverse 's recent partnerships with Aion , Maverick Chain and the DraperDragon fund .
We were pleasantly surprised by the warmth and enthusiasm of the Korean community and their knowledge about the blockchain industry . The meetup , together with the team 's experiences this trip , confirmed the importance of the South Korean market for Metaverse . We will definitely be investing more effort into expanding our presence in South Korea moving forward , and encourage our Korean-speaking community members to participate actively in our Discord and bounty program .
Apart from the meetup , Metaverse was invited to participate in the Inside Fintech Conference & Expo held at Kintex from Nov 30 — Dec 1 , the largest blockchain technology focused event worldwide . Heavily focused on Fintech 3.0 , the blockchain 's impact on the global financial ecosystem and decentralized solutions for financial processes , the conference provided many fruitful opportunities to meet with potential partners and collaborators . We were very impressed by the quality and turnout of the conference — to us , it is a strong indicator of the gaps in the market that blockchain technology has the potential to fulfil and gives us even more reason to pursue growth in South Korea .
Welcome everyone to the third week of the read along . This week , we covered Chapters 11-17 . Post a link to your answers in the comments so we can all visit one another .
Spoilers are throwing a party below . There may be language , references to nude behavior , and run-on sentences . You have been warned .
1 ) Egwene dives back into Tel'aran'rhiod to investigate Tanchico and comes out with an Aiel Wise Woman 's contact info . Egwene kicks themselves for not having the knowledge and skill to interpret their dreams . Have you ever given dream interpretation a shot ? Do you think Egwene 's plans to train and pass that on to Nynaeve and Elayne will work out as they plan ?
I think this was the funnest trip to Tel'aran'rhiod yet ! Egwene got several lessons , such as messing with another 's hunting dream can lead to all-over sunburn ! I think it is great that at least one of the Supergirls is going to actively pursue some training . But will Egwene be able to pass that on ? Perhaps , but I doubt it will go smoothly or as they plan . Something will crop up , and distance and time between Egwene and Elayne and Nynaeve I expect will be a factor .
I have never really dabbled with dream interpretation . In college , a friend told me that if you dream include anything even marginally phallic , like candles , lying broken all about willy nilly , then you have ‘ man issues ' . Hmm… . So , what means you have ‘ woman issues ' in dreams ? Broken clams ? * snort laugh *
2 ) Robert Jordan loves setting up the battle of the sexes , does n't he ? In this section we see that Perrin and Faile are having a contest of wills . Rand versus the Aes Sedai ( Moiraine in particular ) . Thom versus Moiraine . Even Min ! What do you think of Jordan 's use of this ?
In Min 's case , I found it very amusing . Them whole disguise and being a helpless airhead – and men were OK with it ! But for Perrin and Faile , I found this a bit over done . While initially amusing , I sometimes do get a little tired of the underlying message that men & women are different for two reasons : 1 ) over done and 2 ) not necessarily true . So , a bit of it is amusing ; too much takes away from the story line .
3 ) Mat , Perrin , and Rand finally hear about Whitecloaks in the Two Rivers . Perrin feels an obligation to return , tries to break some ties , and then finds out they wo n't be going alone . Were you surprised at Perrin 's self-sacrificial take on this situation ? Will the White Cloaks get more than they are looking for ?
At first , I believed Perrin was going back to defend Two Rivers , not to put themselves in a gallows tree ! I was pissed at them when I figured out that was their plan . I was worried Rand would be the one to consider some form of suicide , but no , it is Perrin I must keep my eye on .
So Perrin is gathering quite the small , effective strike force to take with him . Faile alone , in their current state of pissiness , would give the White Cloaks a second thought about messing with Two Rivers . But then throw in Loial and the Aiel and now it looks like I might have to feel sorry for the White Cloaks .
I do worry that we will have some Two Rivers death to mourn before this book is over . Will this book maintain it 's PG rating , or will the shit get real and we loose some characters we care about ? I do n't expect Perrin or Faile to be taken out this early in the series , but some Two Rivers parents or friends may have to die to move the plot along : ( .
4 ) Ladies and their weapons : We saw some hand-to-hand altercations and some subtler weapons in use in this section . Who do you deem the more dangerous – Berelain or Faile ?
Berelain . Hands down . They are not afraid to harm folks to get what they want , they are driven by power not goodness , and no one expects them to be trained in hand-to-hand combat in those oh-so-sheer and skimpy clothes .
Faile is dangerous too , but they have a strong moral compass that wo n't allow them to manipulate people ( without very good reason ) as Berelain will . They have to have a clear signal that someone needs to be taken out before she 'll take a knife to them with conviction .
5 ) Of course Mat goes through the doorway ! But once they are done with their question and answer session and tossed out , they realize they are n't the only one seeking answers . What kind of beings do you think the folk in the doorway were ? What do you think Rand and Moiraine asked and had answered ?
Mat , Mat , Mat ! If anyone could break a ter'angreal , it would be Mat . Those beings made me think of succubi – beings that feed off the life force or emotional energy of others . Leeches , if you will .
I expect that Rand and Moiraine went into the ter'angreal with specific questions in mind , just as Mat . Rand seemed , perhaps not content , but at least set on a decision based on what they learned . Moiraine gave no hints at all . I am guessing that Rand and Moiraine got the run around same as Mat , but perhaps were asking bigger view questions that Mat .
6 ) Finally , Loial is back in the story . While they seem to be content as a chronicler , do you think The Wheel will let them sit in a corner with pen and ink the entire book ? What do you think of Faile 's twisting their arm to visit The Ways ?
It was so very good to see Loial again ( chapter 16 folks ! ) . No , I do n't think The Wheel is done with Loial and it 's set up nicely for them to have need to hit the road again – avoiding their mother and their plans to marry them off . hehe .
Faile . tsk , tsk . I think Faile has taken things too far on this one . Yes , Perrin was harsh with them But dragging Loial into their lover 's spat , basically lying to and manipulating Loial….not cool . Poor Loial is stuck in an awkward position now . And Faile pushing Perrin to the breaking point when they know that they are trying to get to Two Rivers swiftly , to protect their family , friends , and home town – well , kind of low of them These two will need counseling after this if they intend to remain a couple . Should I root for them , or just for Perrin at this point ?
Other Tidbits :
Moiraine had a summons for Egwene from the Aiel Wise Women… .. which they received long before Egwene 's visit to tel'aran'rhiod . Spooky !
We ran into some very , very interesting side characters in this section , but I have to say I am very interested in Rhuarc and their comments to Berelain about their past conversation . I wish I knew the backstory on that one !
When Perrin ran into Gaul , who told Perrin that they and some Aiel would be going along , Perrin comments about using The Ways for travel . Gaul 's response , paraphrased – ‘ We all must face death sooner or later ' – had me laughing out loud . I hope we get to know Gaul better .
Gawayne and Galad – one is so sweet and one is scary in their convictions , their flirting with the White Cloak way of life .
Thom and Moiraine have a very interesting and revealing conversation about their names . I so very much want a backstory on both these characters !
What Others Think :
Musings on Fantasia
Coffee , Cookies , & Chili Peppers
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
The guiding design principle for this Amsterdam building was for each apartment to have access to light and the exterior of the building . Utilities , storage spaces , and other structural elements of the building are located in the center of the building . Access to each apartment is reached by a central walkway , or ‘ mini canyon ' in the center of the block , which cuts diagonally across the building . With all the necessities located in the center , each apartment has complete access to unobstructed views and tons of natural daylight , although they should probably invest in some good curtains for privacy .
The building itself is 2 1/2 stories tall with an undulating green roof on top and pocket skylights that filter light into the center of the building or onto a private deck space . Each apartment is 132 to 185 square meters ( 1,420 to 1,900 sq ft ) . The largest facade opens up to the nearby park .
+ NL Architects
Via Designboom
The University Council has voted to support a wide-ranging investigation of the University 's £2.2 billion endowments fund . Aiming to make investment more “ environmentally and socially responsible ” , the review plans to last a year and involve collaboration from students , academics and staff .
Previously , in the University Statutes and Ordinances , Cambridge has been pledged to conduct business with “ selflessness ” . However , its Statement of Investment Responsibility , most recently updated in 2009 , said that “ there are circumstances [ … ] when the University may balance against its primary responsibility considerations of the ethical nature of investments . ”
This led to a campaign from Positive Investment Cambridge , who today were “ delighted ” with the outcome . Ellen Quigley , a Socially Responsible Investment Officer for CUSU and member of Positive Investment Cambridge , said “ this is a courageous step , unique among institutions wrestling with this issue . The University has shown us great respect and is working with us to develop an evidence based and morally sound investment policy that will serve the needs of future generations and guide future decision-making ”
Helena Raraty , Charity , Campaigns and Environment Officer for Peterhouse , welcomed the investigation , saying , “ It seems very two faced to be pioneering carbon saving technologies and strategies and to be simultaneously investing in fossil fuels… it 's a matter of priorities . Global warming is an imminent issue . ”
The move follows an increase in divestment campaigning the UN came out in support of divestment campaigns and similar institutions , such as the London School of Hygiene and Tropical medicine , ended their investments . Recently , Oxford University came under fire for delaying an announcement on divestment , leading to the occupation of the Bodleian library .
However , Cambridge is claiming to be the first university to participate in such an open investigation and is hoping to lead the field . Quigley commented , “ There 's no question that the outcomes from this project could carry great weight among other large institutional investors. ” As a 2013 study said that universities in the US and UK have $ 10 billion of investments linked to the fossil fuel industry , there is scope for further campaigning .
Nonetheless , one student seemed cynical at the announcement , saying “ Oxford had a similar investigation that did n't change anything – I 'll be impressed when they actually divest ” .
In the sometimes tumultuous world of co-branded loyalty cards , another partnership has gone sour . In this latest case , Canada 's largest drugstore chain and biggest bank are parting ways .
Royal Bank and Shoppers Drug Mart are ending both their co-branded debit card and Shoppers Optimum MasterCard .
The cards allow Shoppers customers to earn extra Optimum points they can then exchange for free in-store products .
Neither card is available any longer . Their combined 200,000 existing customers will be switched over to other RBC banking products by the fall .
Both Shoppers and RBC say the breakup is mutual . Shoppers Drug Mart chalks it up to `` business reasons . ''
Co-branded cards 'very much like marriages '
In Canada , we 're obsessed with credit cards that earn us rewards with every purchase . To satiate our hunger , retailers and banks are rushing to hook up and offer freebies in exchange for our loyalty .
`` Everybody wants to rack up as many points and as many free blenders and trips as they possibly can , '' says Queen 's University marketing professor Kenneth Wong .
But the co-branded partnership does n't always pan out , leaving customers who were reaping rewards to suddenly grapple with the change .
`` They 're very much like marriages , '' says Simon Fraser University marketing professor Lindsay Meredith . `` Very often , one person seems to think they 're getting less out of it than the other and that contributes to this kind of shake-ups . ''
In the U.S. , Costco recently switched credit card providers . Starting this week , American Express rewards card will no longer work at the popular bulk store , which is now working with Citi Visa . Canadian Costco stores ended their relationship with American Express in 2014 , and then teamed up with Capital One to offer a co-branded MasterCard that includes cash-back rewards .
Bank of Montreal offers a co-branded BMO-Sobeys Air Miles MasterCard . But in 2014 , the bank quietly ended its BMO Sobeys debit card .
Probably the biggest Canadian co-branding shake-up occurred in 2013 . That 's when Aimia , which operates the Aeroplan program , chose TD as the primary issuer of Aeroplan Visa credit cards . Previously , it was tied only to CIBC .
In 2013 some Aeroplan Visa card customers complained the transition from CIBC to TD was bumpy . ( Ryan Remiorz/The Canadian Press )
After two months of negotiations , TD took on new Aeroplan Visa card customers and acquired half of the CIBC customers who did n't have a broader relationship with the bank .
TD promised a `` seamless '' transition for CIBC cardholders , but many complained that it was anything but smooth .
`` Sold like railgrade cattle by . @ cibc and . @ Aeroplan . Lost cards in the mail , lousy website , missing statements , '' one customer tweeted shortly after the official switch in 2014 .
`` Transition from CIBC Visa to TD visa is disgusting . I 'd rather keep my money in the couch , '' complained another .
. < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/TD_Canada '' > @ TD_Canada < /a > Sold like railgrade cattle by . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/cibc '' > @ cibc < /a > and . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/Aeroplan '' > @ Aeroplan < /a > . Lost cards in the mail , lousy website , missing statements . — @ MoffatChad
What broke up Shoppers and RBC ?
Wong speculates the RBC-Shoppers marriage was doomed in 2013 , when Loblaw grocery giant announced it was buying the drug store chain for $ 12.4 billion .
`` I think that it was inevitable once [ RBC 's ] contract expired , '' says Wong , pointing out that Loblaw offers President 's Choice Financial banking services in partnership with CIBC .
RBC says existing customers with co-branded Shoppers Drug Mart cards will be switched over to other banking products by the fall . ( RBC )
When the Shoppers-Loblaw merger was announced , some Shoppers customers feared that the Optimum program would be affected . But both businesses maintained the rewards program would keep its independence .
Wong believes Shoppers will unveil a new type of Optimum rewards credit card that may still remain independent but be managed centrally by its new owner . `` It would be a Shoppers credit card with all its back-office support combined with President 's Choice Financial services . That would be the logical model to me , '' they say .
Merry Walmart-MasterCard marriage
Of course , not all credit card marriages fall apart : many do flourish . `` These alliances can bring great rewards , '' says Meredith .
They can also aid a retailer in a financial dispute . Walmart has a tight relationship with MasterCard , offering a rewards credit card with Walmart Canada Bank . Meredith says that strong partnership enabled the retail giant to drop Visa last week , after a dispute over merchant transaction fees .
`` Do n't think for a second that Walmart would have kissed off Visa if it did n't have a bit of a safety net going for itself . ''
The next time you sign up for a rewards credit card , do n't forget that sometimes alliances shift . You may gleefully amass travel or other bonus points at the outset , but in the future your card may be declined or suddenly become associated with another bank .
However , our relationship with rewards cards is so strong , a few bad business break-ups are unlikely to cause shoppers to protest too loudly . We 're too busy looking for our next opportunity to pile up points .
Connect with us : Facebook | Twitter | Bocoliving.com
FEATURED ON :
Hello Kickstarters ! Thanks for taking the time to check out my project .
The KLiP is a new take on brewing single serve tea , great for both bagged and whole leaf tea . The patent-pending , integrated saucer design , allow you to simply brew and go . No more waiting near a kitchen sink or be near a waste basket before fully enjoying your brew . This one of it 's kind infuser can be used in most all standard mugs , so there is no need to buy a special mug . Unlike other basket infusers which can get in the way , you can enjoy a sip of your favorite tea while it 's brewing , so you 'll know the exact moment your tea is ready ... Perfect tea , each and every time .
So whether you 're at the office or in the comfort of your home , you may enjoy your favorite blend of tea hassle free and now you do n't need that saucer that clutter your workspace .
ALL-IN-ONE SINGLE SERVE TEA BREWER .
Form as well as function :
Patent pending design allows for a snug fit onto practically any size mug
Great for both loose-leaf tea or bagged tea
Convenient . The saucer is designed right into the flexible silicone clip assembly , so there is no need for a separate saucer . After the tea brews , just removed the KLiP from the mug , give it a quick shake , and flip it .
No need to count the minutes . The KLiP allows you to sip the tea while the tea is brewing ( you ca n't easily do this with traditional tea baskets or spring loaded balls ) . So , you 'll know the exact moment your tea is ready to taste .
Specs :
Overall Dimensions : 2.36 inch W x 2.49 inch H x 1.41 inch D
Materials : Food grade ABS plastic , flexible silicone , and stainless steel
Temperature rating : Semi-rigid Silicone rated for 220 degrees F
Dishwasher safe
Patent Pending :
The KLiP has very unique design and utility functions that set it apart from all other products in it 's category . Every detail in dimension , gap , bend radii , hole diameters and placement have been scrupulously thought of and defined . There is a reason for each feature to exist . This is truly one of it 's kind .
Prototype shown
Prototype shown STRETCH GOAL REACHED ! : ( $ 15,000 ) UNLOCKED : Kickstarter Green ! Exclusively available for our Kickstarter backers .
Available Colors : The KLiP will be offered in these vibrant colors for the time being : Black , Red , Green , Sky Blue , Pink , Blue , and Purple . You 'll receive a survey at the end of the campaign for you to choose your favorite colors . Boco Mugs : We 're offering a limited run of these self branded Boco Mugs for our Kickstarter backers ! These generously sized 14oz Mugs are made of polished stoneware material , has a wide base and shape and will be one of the best mugs you 'll own and use : D Dimensions : 4.6 inch H X 3.5 inch D
Weight : 1.08lb . My story and Why Kickstarter ?
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE railed against flag burning again Tuesday night at a rally in North Carolina after suggesting last week that the act should come with some form of punishment .
`` We love our flag , and we do n't like it when we see people ripping up our flag and burning our flag , '' Trump said in Fayetteville , N.C. , the latest stop on their `` thank you '' tour .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` We do n't like it . And we 'll see what we 're gon na do about that , OK ? We 're gon na see , '' they said .
Trump sent shockwaves last week when they suggested that flag burners should lose their citizenship or spend a year in jail .
“ Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag — if they do , there must be consequences , '' they tweeted .
Several Republican lawmakers noted that flag burning is a constitutionally protected form of free speech .
Thangka paintings are not an object of decoration , nor should they be regarded as a mere portraiture of Buddhist monks . These paintings are spiritual manifestation that offer the practitioner a chance to reflect and meditate by exploring Buddhists ideals .
A folklore tells us that the first Thangka was painted in ancient Bihar in Buddha 's presence . Two eminent kings of the region Utayana and Bimbisara had a custom of exchanging gifts . Once , Bhimbisara received a magnificent jewel from Utayana . After pondering over how they should thank the generous King in return , Bhimbisara decided to send a portrait of Buddha . When court artists started their painting , every glance at Buddha left them enthralled in awe . Buddha could clearly see the failing efforts of the earnest artists ; hence they guided them to the nearest pool and advised them to paint from their reflection in the water . With their further advice , the artists completed the painting depicting twelve links of dependent originations and religious teachings . The resulting painting was called Thangka , meaning ‘ taken from water ' .
An artist who paints Thangka adheres to a strict moral code . They should be borne with modesty and a high devotion towards religion . Sound senses and cleanliness of body and mind are required to paint a Thangka . Some subjects even require abstinence from meat , alcohol , onion and garlic .
Before the painting begins , the artist cleans their place and takes a bath . Then the canvas , paints and brushes are brought to the place . To bring out the best from their work , the artist makes an offering of water to their deity , this is followed by meditation to get purified . The canvas is painted in several stages and any mistake can affect the religious values of the painting . Thangka is considered to be a path towards enlightenment , which if taken by the patron will result in their peace and prosperity .
~
IG Sergeant Charles Martland has been sacked by the US military
Sergeant 1st Class Charles Martland , from Massachusetts , has been ordered to leave the US army by November 1 and has now been refused leave to appeal . It comes after the 33-year-old and another soldier shoved a local commander , whom they had trained , accused of raping a 12-year-old Afghan boy . They walked away with bruising . The Afghan commander was also said to have attacked the boy 's mother when they said they were going to report the attack in war-torn Kunduz Province , where the soldiers were deployed in 2011 .
But Sergeant Martland was reprimanded by a senior officer for “ flagrant departure from professionalism and even-tempered leadership ” and axed . Earlier this week Mr Martland , who has served as a Green Beret for 11 years , was told that their case “ does not meet the criteria ” for an appeal . The US Army Human Resources Command wrote in a memo to the soldier : “ Consequently your request for an appeal and continued service is disapproved .
GETTY Sergeant Martland was told that their case “ does not meet the criteria ” for an appeal
Before the attack , Mr Martland and Captain Dan Quinn confronted the soldier about the claims , to which they just “ laughed about it and said it ‘ was n't a big deal ' '' . The two soldiers shoved them to the ground and they walked away with bruises . But after the attack the commander complained to the US Army , who reportedly halted Mr Martland 's mission , put them in a temporary job and sent them home .
IG The two soldiers shoved the Afghan commander to the ground and they walked away with bruises
Bell Media president Mary Ann Turcke sparked an uproar last week when they told a telecom conference that Canadians who use virtual private networks ( VPNs ) to access the U.S. version of Netflix are stealing . Turcke is not the first Canadian broadcast executive to raise the issue -- their predecessor Kevin Crull and Rogers executive David Purdy expressed similar frustration with VPN use earlier this year -- but their characterization of paying customers as thieves was bound to garner attention .
Return of the Netflix Tax ? read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘ Punch to the Gut ' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions , says director Corey Payette .
Turcke 's comments provide evidence of the mounting frustration among Canadian broadcasters over Netflix 's remarkable popularity in Canada . Netflix launched in Canada less than five years ago , yet reports indicate that it now counts 40 per cent of English-speaking Canadians as subscribers . By contrast , Bell started its Mobile TV service within weeks of the Netflix launch , but today has less than half the number of subscribers .
While Canadian broadcasters may be unhappy with subscribers that access the U.S. service , the problem is primarily a competitive issue , not a legal one . Some estimate that 25 per cent of Canadian subscribers have used a VPN to access Netflix . That means 75 per cent of subscribers -- millions of Canadians -- are content with the Canadian service that offers the largest Netflix library of content outside of the U.S .
Enforcement up to Netflix
Turcke 's claim that the minority of Canadian subscribers who access U.S. Netflix through VPNs are `` stealing '' simply does not withstand legal scrutiny . Those subscribers might be breaching the Netflix terms and conditions , but that is not breaking the law .
Similarly , arguments that the subscribers violate copyright law are very weak . There might be a claim that subscribers circumvent geographic restrictions ( thereby violating new rules against circumventing technological protection measures ) , but there are no damages involved and it is up to Netflix to enforce its rights to counter the circumvention . Since there is no chance the company will sue its customers , the focus on legal remedies is misplaced .
Bell 's insistence that VPN usage creates a problem is not very convincing . Under the current system , consumers pay for content , Netflix is paid for its service , and Netflix compensates creators in multi-million dollar licensing deals . If content owners were seriously concerned with VPN usage , they could simply refuse to license their content to Netflix until it cracked down on the practice .
Moreover , Bell and Netflix employ different business models ( Bell 's CraveTV requires a broadcast subscription ) and feature little overlap in content . Given the differences , Canadians accessing U.S. Netflix are not doing so to access content that is otherwise available on Bell 's service .
VPN as privacy shield
Bell 's emphasis on VPNs also fails to acknowledge that the technology has multiple uses . Privacy protection is among the most important uses , since VPNs allow users to conduct secure communications away from the prying eyes of widespread government surveillance . Bell 's comments may leave some Internet users thinking that VPNs are `` socially unacceptable '' when precisely the opposite is true .
Ultimately , the decision to target Netflix smacks of business desperation rather than legal high ground . Bell 's strategic vision of being Canada 's largest vertically integrated communications company has taken repeated hits in recent months .
The Privacy Commissioner of Canada ruled against its targeted advertising program , which the company subsequently dropped . Meanwhile , the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission implemented vertical integration safeguards to prevent market abuse , ruled that Bell 's Mobile TV service violated the law , and ordered broadcast distributors to offer channels on a pick-and-pay basis . That is likely to spell the demise of some of Bell 's highly profitable , but little watched channels that benefit from favourable bundling .
The reality is that Netflix is increasingly licensing content on a global basis , particularly with its investment in original shows such as House of Cards and Daredevil . As its global library grows , consumer interest in VPNs will further subside , leaving Canadian broadcasters with one less excuse to explain why subscribers are jumping to competitors .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER -- The Denver Police Protective Association said Thursday some East High School students reacted in disrespectful ways after four bicycle officers were hit in an accident at the end of a large protest march Wednesday staged by students .
One of the four officers spent six hours in surgery Wednesday afternoon . John Adsit underwent more surgery Thursday for their injuries and they remained in critical but stable condition Thursday night .
The students said they were marching mainly in support of people protesting the shooting death of Michael Brown and the fact the police officer who killed them was not indicted .
After a second day of massive student walkouts from high schools , Denver Public Schools officials said they consider the protests `` learning experiences , '' and they do not plan to try to stop them .
`` The Denver Police Protective Association has learned that immediately after the horrible accident yesterday injuring four Denver Police Officers , several parties in the protesting group cheered and chanted `` hit them again . '' These actions are not only reprehensible but quite possibly the most disturbing thing this Association has ever heard , '' a statement released by the police officers ' union Thursday night said .
`` This group of high school students not only broke DPS rules by leaving school without authorization , but broke laws of the City and County of Denver and State of Colorado regarding traffic regulations and the right to assemble with a permit . The DPPA recognizes citizens ' rights to assemble lawfully . This , however , was not a lawful assembly , which ultimately cost four Denver Police Officers a trip to the hospital . One of which is in critical condition , '' the statement continued .
Police sources told FOX31 Denver that students were overheard cheering and chanting disrespectful terms after the officers were hit . The same sources say they saw teachers standing by while this happened , and they did not intervene .
Denver Public Schools released a statement Thursday night . `` We have no knowledge of the alleged comments . We would deplore any such comments and will look into the allegation , and would welcome any evidence that would assist us in an investigation . All afternoon yesterday and all day today , students at East expressed their deep concern for Officer Adsit and their family and their appreciation for the police assistance in ensuring student safety during the march . ''
East High School student Donalya Bridges said Thursday night that there were some things said , but they were n't said by students . They say the disrespectful words came from older men who had joined the protest . They said East High School students were shaken by the accident that hurt the officers and they did not say anything bad after it happened .
Denver Police had its own response to the union 's allegations .
`` The Denver Police Department can not independently confirm claims that students cheered after the officers were struck protecting protesters yesterday . However , if in fact there were inappropriate actions taken by a few students Chief [ Robert ] White does not believe this reflects the opinions of the vast majority of protesters from East high school yesterday . Chief White met with student organizers from East High School today and even facilitated a meeting between the organizers and officer Adsit 's family . Chief White hopes that we are able to move forward as a community and nation to continue building a relationship between police and the communities they serve . ''
Denver Police union president Nick Rogers told FOX31 Denver some officers personally heard the statements from students . When asked if any officers would speak about it on the record , they said `` no , not in this environment . ''
Some students who participated in walkouts Thursday said individual teachers tried to discourage them from leaving school . `` I was in the hallway and I started talking and the security guards took me off right away and they started protesting without me , '' Jose Romero said .
`` Our purpose here is to make sure there 's learning going on , that these are important lessons for our students , '' DPS Superintendent Tom Boasberg said .
Denver police officers once again ran traffic and crowd control as several hundred students marched along miles of busy streets from places like Lincoln High School to the Capitol .
Most of the students then boarded buses for rides back to school . But dozens were seen splitting off on their own without any police or school protection .
Student organizers say they feel so passionate about these social issues that teachers could not stop them even if they tried . `` I know people that were passionate enough that said if the teacher tries to lock the door I 'm going to continue to walk out , '' student Donalya Bridges said .
Oy . Ca n't we all just get along ?
Not necessarily , when it comes to a serious issue like… latkes . Who knew that the round , oily , fattening foodstuff could be , um , embroiled in such serious debates ? The web may be known for courteous , civil dialogue , but it 's gloves off when it comes to latkes .
Latkes vs. Hamantashen
The Latke-Hamantash rivalry has a storied history dating back to 1946 . Over the years , some impressive academics have invested a great deal of time in their food fights .
In a 2007 debate at Harvard Hillel , criminal lawyer Alan Dershowitz accused the latke of increasing the United States ' dependence on oil . Retorted psychology professor Steven Pinker , “ The poppy industry supports drugs , terrorism , inner-city crime and civil war in Latin America. ” They called on latke lovers to sign their petition calling on Harvard and MIT to divest from companies that buy or sell poppy seed hamantashen .
READ : COOKBOOK FEATURES RECIPES FOR ALL SEASONS
Shredding vs. Grating
The Guardian 's Dave Bry sums up the debate succinctly : “ Shredding makes for a creamier inside – more like mashed potato ; grating for a bite that retains more of the potato 's pop and texture. ” But Bry is definitely in the grating camp . Why ? It 's old fashioned . You can tell if you have the right consistency by the feel in your hands . And it allows for the secret ingredient that makes latkes… latkes .
“ As you hand-grate your potatoes to make your latkes right , you 're bound to cut yourself . You 're not a robot on an assembly line , cutting car parts with laser beams . You are human . You are human ! If you are cut , do you not bleed ? You do . Will a bit of your very own blood work its way into your latkes ? It will . Will you be able to taste it ? No . But it 's important , nevertheless , as so many latke makers will tell you . … The fact that we share that , that we share our foibles and struggles , is the only thing that gets any of us through this horrible holiday season year after year . That , and latkes . ”
Oil vs . Fat
Says Laurence Kaufman , “ Clearly a latke is not a latke unless it has been fried in schmaltz – which of course makes it fleishig , as indeed it should be , because who would eat a latke without a side of brisket ? ”
Au contraire says Karl S on the Chowhound discussion board . “ Olive oil is the most obvious choice , given the origin of the holiday. ” And by using oil , you wind up with a pareve latke , which leads us to…
Sour Cream vs. Applesauce
Applesauce versus sour creamApplesauce or sour creamIt 's the choice you 're gon na have to makeWhich to put on your potato cakes
Life has many decisions
It moves in all directions
This is just one huge , enormous , big decision
You have to make
You have to make it
Jews have to make
The LeeVees – “ Applesauce vs . Sour Cream ”
“ ONLY applesauce with latkes . Sour cream is for blintzes , ” argues Nicole .
Adds Laurence Kaufman , “ Applesauce is untainted by cholesterol , while sour cream is loaded with it – and as it is said , an applesauce a day keeps the doctor away . ”
Counters Rabbi Phyllis Sommer , “ Sour cream never goes out of season ( unlike apples ) and as long as properly refrigerated , will not spoil for the whole week of Chanukah . It is the perfect cool and creamy match to the salty , oily , crispy taste of a latke . It 's a match made in heaven . ”
READ : LATKE POUTINE : THE MOST NON-KOSHER CHANUKAH FOOD IMAGINABLE
Latkes vs. Sufganiyot
Latkes may be number 1 outside of Israel , but in the Holy Land , the jelly-filled donut reigns supreme . As an immigrant to Israel , Barry Newman is not thrilled that their beloved latke plays second fiddle to the sufganiya . They present many reasons , including :
• They 're more homey . Besides the fact that latkes are eaten warm , oil sizzling has a more relaxing , comforting sound than that of oil bubbling , which conjures up visions of persecution and torture .
• They 're neater . No chance of cloying raspberry jam dripping down mercilessly staining your clothes .
• They 're storable . A batch of latkes can be whipped up , put into the freezer and heated up days , even weeks , later . A day-old sufganiya tastes only a little worse than it looks .
Although they are both round , latkes live ( more or less ) on a two-dimensional plane while sufganiyot extend into three dimensions . Carol Green Ungar extrudes some profound life lessons from the spherical foodstuff . “ Remember that the sufganiya is a lot like life itself : it 's cyclical , sometimes up and sometimes down ; its real sweetness is hidden deep inside , and it needs to be savoured in the moment . ”
Can latkes and sufganiyot live in harmony ? They do in Naomi Silbermintz 's kitchen thanks to a recipe for Yerushalmi-style sufganiyot in which a yeast mixture is dropped by the spoonful into an inch of oil . “ Every Chanukah , when we visited my grandmother , they made these . My mother always said that they are the precursors to jelly donut type Sufganiyot . We used to call them ‘ Chanukah Latkes , ' or ‘ Savta 's Sufganiyot . '' '
While it is the Twitter habit of the current occupant of the Oval Office that gets the most attention , one of the unsuccessful candidates from 2016 loves opining on social media almost as much .
The other populist from this past election year , Bernie Sanders ( I-VT ) , is also fan of using Twitter to speak directly to their supporters . Sanders has over ten thousand tweets , and has , on occasion lashed out at our new president .
On March 18 , Sanders opted to spend part of their weekend lecturing Americans who dare to dream big when it comes to money :
We are living in a nation which worships wealth rather than caring for the poor . I do n't think that is the nation we should be living in . — Bernie Sanders ( @ BernieSanders ) March 18 , 2017
How any individual defines “ wealth ” is , of course , subjective . For example , Bill Gates may not think that a man who can afford to spend almost $ 600 thousand on a vacation home is wealthy .
But social media is composed of more than just Bernie supporters . The Blaze reported that many on Twitter were quick to point out that Sanders might be hypocritical :
But according to Twitter users , the comments come off as lacking self-awareness , given that Sanders is the owner of three homes , most recently purchasing a $ 600,000 lakefront property in Vermont last year . This despite being a government employee and public servant for the majority of their adult life . In addition , Sanders only paid a tax rate of 13.5 percent in 2014 , a very small rate considering that they are a relatively wealthy man — compared to the rest of Americans — and routinely argues that the wealthy do n't pay their “ fair share . ”
Sanders ' concern for the poor was called into question :
https : //twitter.com/AmericnElephant/status/843145949073485824
One Twitter user explained the senator 's embrace of socialism :
In fairness to Bernie Sanders , if you never worked a day in the private sector yet owned 3 houses , you 'd believe in Socialism too… . — Pissed Pat ( @ Pissed_Pat ) March 18 , 2017
This was the most frequently asked question :
which of you 3 homes did you tweet that from ? — DJ™ ( @ blaubok ) March 18 , 2017
Here is perhaps the best response :
https : //twitter.com/LibertAmerican/status/843127777197023232
Senator Sanders did n't respond directly to any of the criticisms , and instead returned to criticizing President Trump .
Peer-production is one of the strengths of open source projects . TYPO3 , a self-organized project without corporate backing , always lived from the spirit of sharing ideas , work , and values . It 's not by accident that one of our core values is , `` Inspire people to share . '' Over the years , as a result of the massive success of TYPO3 as a product , core team members became increasingly decoupled from the work with clients . Instead , they focused on the core development . On one hand , this transition was great because it means a lot of people have contributed their time and passion into the product . But on the other hand , the change brought disadvantages .
If you do not have to deal with the ever-evolving requirements from clients , eventually you start to get more academic in terms of product development , which is what happened to our core team . As a result , we had a lot of technical improvements and refactoring , but not so many new features or feature improvements that benefitted users .
People started noticing , and I remember one marketing team meeting in which my colleague Boris Hinzer brought up the issue . We realized we would need to find a way to get input and feature requests directly to the core team . We did n't want a mandatory list of things developers would have to implement , which is urealistic because they are free to do whatever they like anyway . Rather , we needed a representative , weighted list of items that the the TYPO3 user community wanted .
The plan
The marketing team brainstormed possible ways to gather data , including online surveys , G+ Hangouts , and other options , but none of the ideas satisfied us . Then Boris came up with the idea to have in-person meetings instead—full-day events with a brainstorming time , a general feedback period , and time to socialize , which included a simple lunch . Additionally , the TYPO3 Association was looking for a way to get more input in their strategy process , so we decided to add that to the afternoon agenda . As a result , the TYPO3 Agency Meetup Days were born . ( A TYPO3 Agency is a company that creates custom websites and portals based on TYPO3 . )
We roughly outlined a plan that included gatherings with agency representatives in all areas where TYPO3 has traction . We ended up visiting 10 cities all over Germany , the Netherlands , Denmark , Switzerland , and France . And then kicked off in Berlin .
Ups and downs
Berlin planning did not go well . We did not think it is important to do personal invitations to agencies in the area , and we did almost no follow up with the few number of signups we had . Additionally , although I was supposed to moderate of the event , I was stuck at home with a cold and could not make it to Berlin . The event was chaotic and disappointing , and reminded us of a few event-planning best practices : Do stuff right , which means plan ahead , communicate well , and have backup plans . We all should have known better .
After our rough Berlin event , we planned better and the Frankfurt event went well . A large number of participants showed up , vibrant and energetic discussions happened , a gained a lot of insights . The TYPO3 spirit was back , the event was more like I expected , and the feedback was great , with many people encouraging us to do it again . Even better , attendees told their networks about the event , and we got requests for more events in other locations , from people we had n't met yet .
At the end of 2014 Agency Meetup Days tour , we 'd had almost 200 attendees , and we received a lot of positive feedback . And we had the product feedback data to compile a representative overview of how the TYPO3 product should be improved . Luckily , the big and most relevant topics had been identified by the core team already , so the feedback confirmed that they were working on the right things for future releases .
What we learned
Our meetups taught us lessons that will help in future event planning :
Provide a local platform for business discussions : TYPO3 events tend to be rather technical , so usually developers and architects take part . Other members of the TYPO3 community needed the opportunity to meet and share insights in areas such as the market , business , recruiting , and management . I can think of plenty additional open source communities and projects that could benefit from similar , less-technical meetups . Inspire people to share : We realized throughout the meetups that different agencies are building the same extensions and add-ons , but do not share them for a variety of reasons . This is not in the spirit of TYPO3 . Not surprisingly , when we discussed this problem at the meetups , almost all agencies agreed to share improvements with the community . Renew motivation : At first , some community members thought of the Agency Meetup Days as marketing events , when in reality we were discussing practical problems and solutions . I learned that much of our community is motivated and eager to contribute time and money toward improvements and solutions . I got the impression that these meetings helped re-energize many people .
2015 tour
The success of the 2014 Agency Meetups encouraged us to try to hold more events every year , although the focus will change . What was product improvement in 2014 will turn into joint marketing efforts in 2015 .
And we will enlarge the footprint : UK , Austria , and Italy will be new on the 2015 list , with plans for other countries as well .
Regional meetups are a great way to connect to the business base of your open source community . By keeping event attendance small—for example , 30 people—a more intimate atmosphere allows attendees to talk with every other attendee .
Open source is n't all about technology , it 's also about people . What counts is personal relationships . Our Agency Meetups turned out to be a great way to foster these personal relationships throughout our communities . I encourage other open source communities to try similar regional events , and if I can help , do n't hesitate to contact me .
The Open
CMS
This article is part of the The Open CMS column coordinated by Robin Muilwijk . Share your stories about working with open source content management systems ( CMS ) and platforms like Drupal , Joomla , Plone , WordPress , and more .
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger ( Miami ( OH ) ) made an appearance on The Cook and Poni show on 93.7 The Fan in Pittsburgh today and made several comments about their team 's tough 27-24 home loss to Tampa Bay on Sunday .
One of the topics of discussion was the 13 penalties that the Steelers racked up in the game .
“ We need to get better and cut it out , ” Roethlisberger said . “ Whether it 's being more disciplined , being smarter or growing up . Whatever it is we need to figure it out and figure it out quick . ”
One of those penalties was a 15-yard celebration penalty given to wide receiver Antonio Brown ( Central Michigan ) . Roethlisberger said they would like to see more leadership out of Brown .
“ I want to tell them that you are one of the best wide receivers in the league now not some 5th or 6th round guy trying to prove themselves anymore , '' Roethlisberger said . `` He really has to start being one of our leaders . They understand that they hurt the team . They are just going to continue to grow as a leader and I know they will take that and use it . ”
Roethlisberger says they feel the Steelers have a good team and have been their own worst enemy .
“ I feel like we are a good football team , ” Roethlisberger said . “ I really do . I know we are ( 2-2 ) and some people probably had us at that some better , some worse . We are finding ways to shoot ourselves in the foot right now . I think if we can continue to play good football and in turn not shoot ourselves in the foot , I think that will transition into wins which we can hopefully start stacking those . ”
Click here for more of the interview from KDKA in Pittsburgh .
Roethlisberger and the Steelers will be back in action Sunday at Jacksonville ( 1 p.m. EST ) .
Photo Credit : @ USA TODAY Sports Images
In 1 Cor . 14:34 the Apostle Paul 's letter states : “ …the women should keep silent in the assemblies . For they are not permitted to speak , but should be in submission , as the Law also says. ” There are several major problems with this statement .
First , nowhere does the Jewish Law forbid women to speak in public gatherings . Paul , being a well-educated Jew , certainly would have known this . In fact , there was a law on the books that did forbid women to speak , vote and exercise authority over men by holding public office . It was not a Jewish , but a Roman law . These words would sound far more credible if someone else , other than the Jewish Apostle Paul , had written them .
Second , on numerous occasions throughout their travels and letters , the Apostle Paul affirmed the ministry of women ( Rom 16:3-4 ; 1 Cor . 16:19 ; cf . Acts 16:11-40 ; 18:26 ) . The centrality of the Shemah – the Oneness of Israel 's God , informed Paul 's theology when they wrote that in Christ-following assemblies there was no place for segregation or discrimination :
“ There is neither Jew nor Greek , there is neither slave nor free man , there is neither male nor female ; for you are all one in Christ Jesus. ” ( Gal . 3:28 )
In 1 Corinthians 11:5 , they wrote that a woman 's head must be covered while they are engaged in speaking in tongues or prophesying in a public assembly . The question was not , therefore , if a woman could speak and teach , but how it should be done in a way that would be right before God , angels and the people of Corinth .
When we read Paul 's letters we need to keep in mind that 1 Corinthians was not the beginning of this correspondence . Paul wrote at least one letter to the Corinthians prior to this ( 1 Cor . 5:9 ) and the Corinthian leadership had also written to them ( 1 Cor . 7:1 ) . It is therefore highly probable that the statement in 1 Cor . 14:34-35 is a quotation from a letter that the Corinthian male leadership had addressed to Paul . It was their proposal on how to bring order into the disruptive practice of some women in the congregation as they spoke in tongues and prophesied . Paul , however , disagreed .
If this text is viewed as a quotation , then the challenge in 1 Cor . 14:36 that Paul brings to the male leadership makes perfect sense :
“ Was it from you ( masculine ) that the word of God first went forth ? ! Or has it come to you ( masculine ) only ? ! ”
The all-male leadership of the Corinthian congregation was not to forbid ( women ) to speak in tongues and themselves were to be encouraged to prophecy just as the women among them already were doing :
“ Therefore , my brethren , desire earnestly to prophesy , and do not forbid to speak in tongues . But all things must be done properly and in an orderly manner. ” ( 1 Cor . 14:39-40 )
Paul 's solution , therefore , was not to exclude half of the congregation from exercising the gifts of the Spirit , but rather to make sure that it was done in a respectful , proper and orderly fashion .
Was Paul right about women ? Absolutely ! Their Corinthian opponents were not .
Secure your place in our upcoming Jewish Apostle Paul course . What you have read above is only a tip of the iceberg . Inquire below now !
I have used many different laptops and computers for various reasons . One may be for gaming and entertainment , another may be for more work related things . Out of all the brands that I have used , I have really come to like this one . Many corporations use and trust Lenovo , so I had thought `` Why not get one ? '' It was a great choice I made . The Lenovo Yoga 720 is a very good PC to use for more work orientated use . It functions very quickly and is able to store a lot of information . I do recommend that one does not fill the PC with junk files and many others things with out a virus protector . It can be very harmful to this PC and is quite hard to remove . This PC also has a backlit keyboard which can help in many cases if you like to be in the dark at times or write at night ( This is so with many people such as myself ) . If you are someone who would want to run a different OS on the PC , it is possible with Linux or Ubuntu . Any way , to the point of this review , I would recommend this PC to people who like to work on the go and prefer small PCs such as this one . It is good for multi-tasking and can hold a lot of information ( If you use it properly ) . I would not recommend this laptop to any gamers though because the space and RAM is not strong enough to hold that amount of storage . I also would not recommend this PC to anyone who would want to use it for a full on work PC . It is not at the full capacity to run with the amount that many workers do . To college students , this would definitely be something I recommend to use , just make sure that you utilize a cloud of some sort , like One Note or Microsoft Cloud . Below are the basic things that good and bad about the PC : Pro : -Battery life : You can use this laptop for up to 6-8 hours without charge -Display : It is very fine and has an HD feel to it -Backlit keyboard : Can help if you are in a dark area for the time being . Utilized with the F key and space bar -fingerprint scanner : Protects PC from who can and can not go on -The 2-in-1 function : Can be very helpful for aspiring artists and engineers ( recommended buying the Wacom Bamboo Ink ) -Speed : The PC can use many programs at once and very reliable -Portability : Very much light and the charger cord is not big and chunky either to carry -Design : It is very sleek and has a modern look to it -Price : For the amount they are selling it for , it is not bad at all and very reasonable Con : -Ports : As said in many reviews , it does lack forts . You only have one USB port along with the charging port and headphone jack -Storage : It is not the best as it holds 128GB . It is good for light workers but if you work with your PC a lot , make sure to have a cloud . ( Personally for me , it is fine but to others , 128GB is small for a PC ) -Fan : The fan is not as bad as you would think it would be . It does make a lot of noise though , not loud though . I hope this review has helped in some sort of way in whether you 'll buy this PC or not . I hope that you 'll have a good day/good night . Best wishes !
Read more
A Known And Reputable Brand
Another very important point to note is to make sure the cross trainer you buy is made by a reputable brand who know what their stuff .
With cross trainers being so popular today , we have many less reputable companies making them . While they may seem like you are getting a bargain at first glance , you just do n't know whats under the hood so to speak . This can cause problems in the machine as time goes on . Problems which may not be easily resolved .
Buying a “ cheap ” cross trainer means buying twice and in between , spending time on the phone constantly trying to resolve the issues you 've had .
There are some very good brands out there which I would personally advise you to go with and on this site you will find only the best in cross trainers for your home .
Maximum Weight and Height Of All Who Will Use The Cross Trainer
When buying a cross trainer it is easily and often overlooked at who else will be using it besides you .
Both the height and weight are important factors to keep in mind .
The weight will simply dictate on the maximum user weight allowed to use the cross trainer . If you are too heavy for the cross trainer then you can cause permanent damage to it . If this happens , you warranty will most likely not cover it because it is your responsibility to check this before buying and they will be able to tell the cause of the problem .
The height is important because of the stride length . This is the distance between your legs on every stride you take . Shorter people have a shorter stride and taller people naturally have a longer stride .
Buying a cross trainer with a short stride will not be good for a taller person . The movement will be very restricted and they will not be able to have an effective or comfortable workout .
The same story on the other end of the spectrum , a cross trainer with a longer stride for shorter people will be very uncomfortable and definitely not recommended .
Besides being uncomfortable , both of the above scenarios can lead to serious injury .
The good news is you can get cross trainers with adjustable stride lengths so depending on who wants to work out , you simply manually adjust it when you want to workout .
Send us your questions about Texas politics and policy by emailing texplainer @ texastribune.org or visiting texastribune.org/texplainer . More in this series
Hey Texplainer : Can I wear my “ Make America Great Again ” hat or “ Nasty Woman ” T-shirt to the polls ?
While your campaign shirts , hats , socks and buttons look great during a trip to the mall , leave them at home when you head to the polls .
You could be turned away from voting in Texas if you 're sporting your campaign gear , according to Alicia Pierce , a spokesperson for the Texas Secretary of State 's office .
`` You 're not allowed to electioneer at the polls , '' Pierce said . `` That would obviously include things like campaign T-shirts or a hat . ''
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
In 1992 , the U.S. Supreme Court upheld an electioneering ban at polling places , meaning that states had the power to create laws to prevent voter intimidation and ban electioneering around polling places .
According to Texas law , a person “ may not electioneer for or against any candidate , measure , political party ” within 100 feet of the voting site during early voting or on Election Day .
Texas ' electioneering laws are similar to laws in most states , according to Doug Chapin , director of the Election Academy at the University of Minnesota .
`` The intent is to allow polling places to function as intended by giving voters and election workers space from campaign activity and cast undisturbed ballots , '' Chapin said in an email .
Texas voters are usually asked to turn their campaign shirts inside out , put on a jacket or come back to vote later if it 's something that can not be covered , Pierce said .
Candidate political garb is n't the only thing that can be construed as electioneering . In 2012 , a woman in Williamson County was asked to cover up their shirt that read `` Vote the Bible . ''
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
Voters should also be cautious when pulling out their Clinton or Trump Halloween masks , Pierce said . In all these cases , it 's up to the discretion of the election judge at the polling site to determine if clothing can be construed as electioneering .
It 's not just a warning – it 's the law . Just ask a Bulverde man who showed up to their polling location Monday in a Donald Trump hat and “ Basket of Deplorables ” T-shirt . They were arrested after refusing to turn their shirt inside out , according to the San Antonio Express-News .
It 's unlikely you 'll wind up in jail , Pierce said , but it 's best to leave your partisan attire at home .
Bottom Line : Do n't show up to your polling location in your Trump or Clinton shirt unless you 're prepared to stand 100 feet away from the building .
Read related Tribune coverage :
In Silicon Valley , it seems that everyone has a story about how Aaron influenced one of their projects . But while Aaron will be remembered for developing the RSS standard and their contributions to Reddit , they also left their mark on the legal world .
For example , if you 've ever used RECAP , a free repository of federal case law available as a Firefox add-on , you have likely felt Aaron 's influence . Wired reports :
In 2008 , the federal court system briefly allowed free access to its court records system , Pacer , which normally charged the public eight cents per page . The free access was only available from computers at 17 libraries across the country , so Aaron went to one of them and installed a small PERL script they had written that cycled sequentially through case numbers , requesting a new document from Pacer every three seconds , and uploading it to the cloud . Aaron pulled nearly 20 million pages of public court documents , which are now available for free on the Internet Archive .
But Aaron did n't limit their efforts to break through web-based paywalls to federal case law . In 2011 , Aaron was arrested for `` unlawfully obtaining information from , '' and `` recklessly damaging '' a `` protected computer '' after they downloaded 4.8 million documents from the academic archive JSTOR , a digital library of more than 1,500 academic journals , books , and primary sources . They intended to distribute a significant portion of JSTOR 's archive of digitized journal articles through one or more file-sharing sites , Ars Technica reports . Aaron allegedly violated JSTOR 's terms of use , and evaded Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's efforts to stop them from doing so .
Over the last two years , the U.S. Attorney 's office in Boston pressed criminal charges against Aaron . The case was set to go to trial in April , and Aaron faced millions of dollars in fines and up to 35 years in prison , The New York Times reports . Family and friends believe that the prosecution led to Aaron 's suicide .
Their untimely passing is now drawing attention to what critics call the ambiguous and `` draconian '' Computer Fraud and Abuse Act ( CFAA ) , which Aaron was accused of violating .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation explains :
Among other things , the CFAA makes it illegal to gain access to protected computers `` without authorization '' or in a manner that `` exceeds authorized access . '' Unfortunately , the law does n't clearly explain what a lack of `` authorization '' actually means . Creative prosecutors have taken advantage of this confusion to craft criminal charges that are n't really about hacking a computer but instead target other behavior the prosecutors do n't like .
The EFF is calling upon Congress to change the CFAA and resolve the `` authorization '' ambiguity . If the group prevails , Aaron Swartz 's legal legacy could be one of greater access to information and legal transparency .
Related Resources :
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Police are hunting a vandal who went on a tyre-slashing spree in an orthodox Jewish area of north London
More than 60 tyres were slashed in a single night outside homes in Stoke Newington .
A Jewish neighbourhood watch team today tweeted at victims to report any vandalism after claiming at least 19 cars were subject to criminal damage last night .
Hackney police officers are investigating .
Hackney MPS tweeted : `` We are investigating a number of criminal damages to motor vehicles in the Stamford Hill West area discovered this morning .
< < Update : Further 7 tyres ( 3 vehicles ) slashed overnight in # N16 area . Total : 64 tyres of 19 vehicles ( as of now ) pic.twitter.com/X6NKUtJKxl — Shomrim N.E . London ( @ ShomrimOfficial ) October 26 , 2015
`` Officers are in the area carrying out enquires and any witnesses or anyone with info can talk to them or call us on 101 . ''
Sergeant Owen Pyle said their team would be stationed in Hackney on reassurance patrols throughout today .
This story is being updated .
We 're feeling a bit sheepish . It turns out we gave you all some baaaaaaahd information earlier this week when we identified a ruminant found wandering near Beacon Avenue S. and S. Leo Street as a goat .
According to the Seattle Animal Shelter 's Don Baxter , the animal appears to actually be a sheep ( not a goat as originally reported ) , and that sheep has now been claimed by its rightful owner .
Baxter says the owner—who lives outside Seattle—asked a friend to watch the sheep ( sheepsit ? ) at their south Seattle home . During the sheep 's stay in south Seattle , they got out of the yard and wandered off .
A relative of the sheep 's owner saw the sheep in the news , and helped reunite the pair .
The sheep 's owner—who only recently acquired the animal—picked up their sheep today , and paid an impound and microchipping fee of about $ 75 .
And now , here 's a picture of the sheep in the back of a patrol car , taken by the officers who helped capture them before they were turned over to the shelter . They apparently made quite a mess in the back of the car .
Remember when in 2002 George W. Bush and Teddy Kennedy got together and hammered out federal legislation mandating that every public school student in America test above average by 2014 ?
Hey , I just remembered , it 's 2015 now . Did the No Child Left Behind law work ?
Similarly , in 2005 , the Los Angeles School Board decreed that by 2017 every student in Los Angeles must rank in the top third .
From the Los Angeles Times , a report on an education fiasco that 's been creeping
LAUSD college prep rule puts nearly 75 % of 10th graders ' diplomas at risk By HOWARD BLUME As many as three-quarters of Los Angeles 10th-graders are at risk of being denied diplomas by graduation because they are not on track to meet rigorous new college prep class requirements . This has prompted some in the L.A. Unified School District , including Supt . Ramon C. Cortines , to suggest reconsidering the requirements , which were approved a decade ago to better prepare students for college . The plan came after years of complaints that the nation 's second-largest school system was failing to help underprivileged students become eligible for and succeed in college . In an interview , Cortines said the effort is laudable , but that it would be unfair to penalize students who otherwise could graduate . … But the college prep requirements still have significant backing within the district and among community activists , who say L.A. Unified must do a better job helping students pass the challenging classes . L.A. Unified received national attention with its college prep goals , which were approved in 2005 . The district allotted 12 years to get there — the entire education of a child who entered the system at that time . Students in the class of 2017 must earn a C grade or better in a set of courses aimed at making all seniors eligible to apply to the University of California and California State systems . These include four years of English and three years of math , including geometry and intermediate algebra . … Among about 37,000 students remaining in the class of 2017 , only 26 % are on track to graduate and 17 % are repeating 9th grade , according to district research .
The word “ superannuation ” comes up a lot in P.G . Wodehouse stories to describes the termination of their characters ' scholarly careers at Eton or Harrow due to getting on in years . It would seem a pretty useful word for describing the impending fate of a lot of LAUSD students .
One of the key documents of America 's post-Sputnik technocracy was the 1960 California Master Plan for Education organizing the state 's three tiers of public higher education : University of California research universities ( such as Berkeley , UCLA , and Davis ) , Cal State teaching universities ( such as Cal State Long Beach ) , and Community Colleges for the first two years of college plus older students going part-time .
The Master Plan specified :
- [ The University of California system , ] was to select from among the top one-eighth ( 12.5 % ) of the high school graduating class . ? - [ The Cal State University system , such as Cal State Long Beach ] was to select from among the top one-third ( 33.3 % ) of the high school graduating class . - ? California Community Colleges were to admit any student capable of benefiting from instruction .
Whether students make the top one-eighth for UC or top one-third for CSU is determined by a combination of grade point average and standardized test scores .
To make grade point averages comparable across high schools for determining who qualifies for the top eighth or top third of high school graduates , the state specifies fifteen A-G required courses , such as three years of Algebra , Geometry , and Algebra II upon which you must make a C or better . ( Conversely , Driver 's Training , Auto Shop , or Sex Ed do n't count toward the A-G requirements . )
So , the thinking went in LA , if we just make all students take the college prep classes that the top third get Cs or better in , than all students will be in the top third .
The push for mandatory college-prep courses was based on the apparent success of San Jose Unified , which had adopted a similar policy . But its gains in college-prep rates were later determined to be inflated by an accounting error . A 2013 Times review of the data showed that most San Jose students never qualified to apply to a state college .
Back when the U.S. was serious about beating the Soviets in the space race , we could n't afford to be this obtuse .
From yesterday 's Guardian :
How can our future Mars colonies be free of sexism and racism ? The white , male European conquerors of the New World and 19th-century American pioneers of Manifest Destiny still colour the space age , so is it a myth that we 'll turn nice on Mars ?
Do n't worry about it : we 're not likely to get there at this rate .
Seriously , my recent Taki 's column was about extending the Bill James / Moneyball baseball statistics mindset to a field that could really use it like medicine , but education is unbelievably deprived of incisive quant thinking .
John Stossel is an outspoken and unabashed libertarian . He 's a public figure on a major news network , where some people think their ideas about free markets and liberty should end with them being shot in the face . Hence , why they want a gun permit for self-protection . The problem is that Mr. Stossel lives in New York , which is a bastion of anti-gun sentiment . They found that out quite explicitly when they tried to acquire a carry permit . First , the application is about 50 pages because the applicant must not only know their name , residence , lack of criminal history , etc.—but also know the definitions of other weapons .
“ I do n't want a kung Fu star ; I just want a gun for safety , ” exclaimed Stossel . It took them hours to complete the application , which included calls to the New York City Police Department due to the vagueness of the questions . Finally , it was done . Stossel went to One Police Plaza personally and submitted their application , which included a $ 430 fee . They also said they waited about 90 minutes before they were assisted by NYPD officials about processing .
They aptly noted who has time for this if they 're life is in danger . Given that the Supreme Court has said law-abiding Americans have an individual right to gun ownership , the process should not be this arduous or expensive . If anything , one could make an argument that the red tape involved is unconstitutional , as it 's making it virtually impossible to exercise one 's Second Amendment rights in the state . In New York and other blue states , you need to satisfy the justifiable need test when it comes to obtaining a carry permit . It 's completely arbitrary and outrageously absurd . Moreover , Stossel interviewed a military veteran , Robert Martinez , who was denied a permit , even though a man was beaten to death out front of their apartment complex . They said that the NYPD was rude ; they had them waiting for over three hours , and denied their application . It 's not unheard of for this process to last up to a year . In Stossel 's case , it took them eight and a half months .
In the end , they were eventually denied their permit , but the NYPD added that they qualified for a permit with their apartment . They added that they feel safe at their residence ; it 's when he 's in public they want a firearm to protect himself .
Stossel 's video is maddening and shows what could be coming down the legislative pipe if a virulently anti-gun politician , like Hillary Clinton , is elected president .
So , who gets permits ? It 's the wealthy and the politically connected . Stossel noted that Howard Stern , Donald Trump , and Robert De Niro all have carry permits , but for ordinary people , even veterans , like Mr. Martinez , they could n't be trusted for some reason . Sen. Ted Cruz could 've probably executed their `` New York values '' talking point better , but the fact remains that he 's right . New York is a bastion of anti-gun rights ; a bastion of pro-abortion sentiment ( the city is an abortion hub ) ; and a bastion of progressivism . What 's more is its sordid history of corruption . In the most recent case , it 's bribes for gun permits ( via WSJ ) :
A member of a volunteer Brooklyn security force that works closely with city police was charged Monday for allegedly paying officers in the New York Police Department to expedite gun-permit applications , the latest development in a burgeoning federal corruption probe . Alex “ Shaya ” Lichtenstein was charged with one count each of bribery and conspiracy as part of a three-year scheme in which they claimed to have secured more than 150 guns permits through bribes to officers , including for people who otherwise might have been rejected because of arrest records , prosecutors said . Mr. Lichtenstein , 44 years old , was arrested at their home Sunday in Pomona , N.Y. , and appeared in Manhattan federal court Monday afternoon , but was n't required to enter a plea . They were released on a $ 500,000 bond and had to surrender their travel documents and firearms . “ We believe the facts disprove the government 's claims , ” said Mr. Lichtenstein 's lawyer , Richard A. Finkel . Moments before the federal complaint was unsealed , NYPD Commissioner William Bratton said they had transferred three officers assigned to the police force 's License Division , including a top commander , until the investigation is complete .
In New York , you have to break the law to exercise one of our oldest civil rights . That 's how bad the process is in the Empire State .
Last Note : We 're wishing you a speedy recovery , Mr. Stossel .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Republican leaders of the Senate on Tuesday rebuffed President Barack Obama 's appeal for hearings and a vote on their U.S. Supreme Court nominee during a face-to-face meeting that failed to budge them from their vow to block any nominee they offer .
U.S. President Barack Obama ( 3rd R ) meets with the bipartisan leaders of the Senate to discuss the Supreme Court vacancy left by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia , at the White House in Washington March 1 , 2016 . From L-R : Senator Patrick Leahy ( D-VT ) , Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid ( D-NV ) , Vice President Joe Biden , Obama , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) , and Senator Chuck Grassley ( R-IA ) . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
Obama , planning to name a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia in the coming weeks , huddled with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley in the White House Oval Office for less than an hour .
“ Senator Grassley and I made it clear that we do n't intend to take up a nominee or to have a hearing , ” McConnell told reporters after the meeting .
The meeting failed to produce any progress on how to proceed with finding a replacement for Scalia , a long-serving conservative justice who died on Feb. 13 .
McConnell and Grassley are insistent that Obama not pick a nominee and leave the decision to their successor , who takes office next January after the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election . Obama is insistent that it is the Republican-led Senate 's constitutional duty to act on their nominee .
“ They made clear in their meeting with the president that they 're not going to change their mind just because the president says so , ” White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said of the Republicans .
Earnest said Obama still believes it was worthwhile to consult with the lawmakers before making their nomination .
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said Obama stated during the meeting they would be willing to consider candidates for the Supreme Court proposed by the Republicans , but McConnell and Grassley offered no names .
“ We killed a lot of time talking about basketball and other stuff , ” said Reid , who attended along with the Judiciary Committee 's top Democrat , Patrick Leahy .
Under the Constitution , the president nominates Supreme Court justices and the Senate must confirm them . Without Scalia , the court has four conservative and four liberal justices , meaning any potential Obama nominee could tip the court to the left for the first time in decades .
McConnell and Grassley have said allowing the next president to pick the new justice would let voters have a say in the selection when they elect a new president .
“ Whether everybody in the meeting today wanted to admit it , we all know that considering a nomination in the middle of a heated presidential campaign is bad for the nominee , bad for the court , bad for the process and ultimately bad for the nation , ” Grassley said in a statement .
Saturday on Fox News Channel 's “ Justice , ” host Jeanine Pirro compared the Democrats to Chicken Little for constantly thinking the Russians are out to get the United States of America .
Pirro said the Democrats ' Russia “ hysteria ” stems from their “ hatred ” and “ intolerance ” for President Donald Trump .
“ The Democrats in this country are so freaked out we elected a president who calls it the way they see it and not the way the so-called mainstream media and political establishment on both sides of the aisle do that they wake up hysterical every day yelling , ‘ The Russians are coming ! The Russians are coming ! There is collusion everywhere ! America is under attack ! Our way of life is coming to an end and Chicken Little and the sky are falling ! ' ” Pirro said .
“ This hysteria has nothing to do with Russia and everything to do with Donald Trump ; their hatred , their intolerance , their venom for him , ” they continued . “ If it does n't stop , the Democrats , and the Democrats alone , will be responsible for the demise of a workable and effective government for the people . We simply can not go four more years with Russia , Russia , Russia , gotcha , gotcha , gotcha ! ”
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @ MagnifiTrent
When you have the world 's most successful sneaker , why mess with it ?
For almost 100 years , Converse , maker of the Chuck Taylor All Star , that flat-footed , star-sided , toe-capped flexible number beloved by everyone from Rihanna to Michelle Obama , Lil Wayne to the Jonas Brothers , did not . On Thursday , however , it did the previously unthinkable : change the Chuck .
O.M.G. ! O.M.G. ! The sky is falling .
O.K. , not really . But still — daring to tweak an icon is always a dangerous move .
Just consider the branding controversies surrounding New Coke , or even Saint Laurent , which got into trouble when it dropped the “ Yves ” from the name of the ready-to-wear line . And even though the Chuck Taylor All Star II looks , to the naked eye , not that different from the original Chuck Taylor , it does involve 16 alterations , most focusing on the addition of Nike technology . ( Nike has owned Converse since 2003 . ) Also , “ more premium canvas . ”
So what explains the sudden strategic switcheroo ?
Interestingly enough , the same thing that caused Levi 's this month to unveil the most comprehensive rethink of its classic women 's jeans in 80 years . In a word , “ comfort . ”
Several people in my photography circle have asked me how to take better photos . This is n't surprising ; we live in an increasingly visual world where information sharing is king . “ How do I take better photos ? ” It 's something i 'm asked time and time again , nearly as often as what 's in my camera bag . It 's a question which hobbyists and genuine photography enthusiasts alike ask and consequently , get better at the craft . I 'll share with you here some of my basic photo tips on how to take better photos :
There are a few things you need to do , and do continually in order to improve your photography and take better photos . Let 's delve into some of these photo tips and expand on how you can use them to improve your photography !
Photo Tips : How To Take Better Photos
1 . Practice every day :
It goes without saying , the best way to get better at photography is to take photos . Take photographs every day . It does n't matter what you 're shooting , just shoot . This continual , ongoing practice will help you improve your technical skills , your compositions and your artistic eye . These should be your goals !
Get familiar with your equipment – People ask “ what 's the best camera ” . The truth is that while equipment can play a role in your photos , knowing how to use it is actually much more important . The best camera is the camera you already own , be it a top of the line DSLR or a cell phone . It 's this piece of equipment that will help you learn how to take better photos . Learn to use it properly by reading the manual or seeking out online tutorials ( more here ) . Master the use of its basic functions and get yourself out of automatic mode .
2 . Prepare :
There are thousands of unique photographs that could be taken right now from where you sit reading this article . How then , with endless choices , do we determine what 's worth photographing ? We call this ‘ seeing ' .
Developing your eye for photos is the biggest task you 'll have as a photographer . You want to be able to ‘ see ' in your mind how you will shoot any given scene , even before you actually do any shooting . This is one of my favorite photo tips . It 's not easy to train your mind to ‘ see ' photos , but it 's well worth the time and effort ! Lighting conditions , foreground/background elements , facial expressions , shape and color are all things you should note in your environments .
Take a camera with you everywhere ! This is the best way to become one with your camera , and knowing the system is half the battle when trying to capture a fleeting moment ! I 've simply been lucky by having my camera as great light happened more times than i 'd like to admit and come away with amazing photos !
Press the button and take the shot no matter the final product . A blurry or mis-composed image is always better than no image at all ! Each and every image you take is a step in the right direction !
3 . Make the best of your light :
When composing a photo you need to take note of the lighting conditions . If at all possible , avoid taking shots under direct mid-day sunlight . It 's always better to take your photos either early in the morning or late afternoon when you do n't have full sun and harsh shadows . If you must take photos mid-day look for wide open shade . In open shade you 'll be able to make a great photo without the deep black shadows you 'd get in full sunlight .
Take note of the direction of the light , consider the way it illuminates your subject and determine what angle will give you the most flattering look . Using your flash , even under intense sun can help fill in the dark shadows on your subject . Try your best to ensure that the sun or source of light is not directly behind you , otherwise your photos will lack definition and have a flat , boring feel . Remember ; shadows are your friend , they lend definition to textures and the environment !
InsightImages.ca-P.Horsfield-6660
Two small figures sit staring out at a vast landscape
InsightImages.ca-P.Horsfield-
4 . The Exposure Triangle : ISO , Shutter Speed & Aperture
To create a well-balanced , well exposed image we juggle three settings on our cameras . ISO – the camera 's sensitivity to light , Shutter Speed – How long we will let that light get to the sensor & Aperture – how much light can get to the sensor . In automatic or semi-automatic modes your camera will perform this balancing act for you . If you 've been practicing and reading your manual however , and you 've jumped into manual exposures this is all on you !
In digital photography , ISO measures how sensitive the camera is . The lower the number the less sensitive your camera is to light . If you are shooting during the day , in bright light , you may want to use a low number like 100 or 200 . If you are shooting at night or in a dimly lit room , you can increase the number to 800 , 1600 or higher to help record light on the camera 's sensor .
To capture fast movement , you need to balance the shutter speed with the ISO . A high ISO combined with high shutter speed can help give a sharp image while a low ISO can be combined with low shutter speed to capture motion blur .
5 . Connect with your subject :
When shooting people be present and engage with them in such a way that they feel comfortable with you . Make eye contact with them , and in the case of children , getting down on their level will make a massive difference . The subject does not always need to look into the camera , but it 's also important that you lower the camera once in a while and show that you are , in fact , human . This helps the subject relax and helps ease the tensions that often appear when a camera is added to the mix .
A well-timed joke and flowing conversation can also help to extract a more natural look or smile from your subject . We all know that one person that puts on their super fake smile when a camera comes out . It just doesnt look good . Do them a favor and capture their image when they 're not expecting it .
If you do n't know your subject ( a common occurrence on my travels ) it is very important to seek permission prior to taking their photo . This is a sign of respect and most wo n't have an issue . If you run into any problems a copy of the photo e-mailed to them or a bit of local currency is usually enough to have someone agree to be photographed , do n't push your luck though ! Different nationalities and cultures have different backgrounds and being culturally sensitive when traveling , in my mind , is essential .
6 . Invest in Education :
$ 500 or $ 1000 spent on a photography workshop will pay huge dividends . Compared to being spent on a new camera or gadgets this is a sound investment . This one 's particularly tough for me , I love technology and gadgets , but investing in your education is always what will set you apart from Joe Blow Photographer who has all the same gear as you . A weekend spent with like minded people talking photography and learning new techniques is an amazing way to up your game ! You might even make some new friends !
7 . Framing technique :
When trying to take better photos I find most people benefit hugely from some basic compositional help . By framing the subject or scene in certain ways , you 're able to draw your viewer 's attention to ( or away from ) the subject . Think of your photo as a story , a good photograph will lead the viewer 's eye through the scene , what is your photo about ?
This technique involves being able to identify your subject and determining what story you want to tell . Explore the scenery and surroundings , weave a story and then tell it with your photo . Move around with your camera shoot the same image from different angles , including ( and more importantly excluding ) certain aspects of the scene until you find the image you saw in your head ! This becomes much easier with practice .
Another basic compositional trick , commonly referred to as the “ rule of thirds ” is to divide your frame into three equal parts vertically and horizontally . This creates four “ power points ” in the image where the lines cross . You 'll never go wrong by placing your subject or horizon on one of these lines or the power points themselves .
8 . Be critical of your skills :
Review the photos that you 've captured often . Be critical of them . There 's no need to get down on yourself . Simply look at your images objectively while searching for ways you can improve them next time . Personally I like to post my work to Photography groups online and ask for comment and critique . This can work well when you 're trying to take better photos because people are n't holding back or sugar coating their comments . A word of warning though , it is the internet and in many cases keyboard warriors will say hurtful things for the fun of it , thick skin can be a benefit !
Another avenue I typically pursue is to have friends in the photography industry critique my work . It 's something that happens quite regularly . It 's understood that if someone critiques your work , you 'll offer them a critique in return . Be thoughtful in this regard . I fall back to the s & # % sandwich method , a compliment about something they 've done well , how I feel it could improve and a closing compliment .
Being open minded and critical of your work will help you grow your photography skills .
I hope these Photo Tips will help you take better photos !
Hopefully you 're not asking yourself how to take better photos anymore ! If you have questions , comments or other tips & tricks you think our explorers would enjoy comment below or on any of our social media channels ! We 'd love to hear from and engage with you ! Now get out there and Explore.Create.Educate !
The response was overwhelming . The doctor was inundated with questions about drug interactions , risks of use in people with specific medical conditions , dosage levels , adverse effects and toxicity . Users asked about enhancing sexual experiences with ecstasy , alleviating cancer-related pain with cannabis and how to store psychedelics to ensure their longevity . Caudevilla , who lives in Spain , answered them all . Well , nearly all . `` I was asked once about the dose or combination of benzodiazepines to knock out a person without their knowledge and I would not answer a question like this , '' they say . `` Questions about drug dosage for suicide are also delicate . I think people should have rights to decide about their own death in some circumstances but I do not think an internet forum is an adequate tool for this . '' Their advice thread on Silk Road has had more than 64,000 visits and they have answered 750 questions in it . They are also active on The Hub , a centralised discussion forum for all the dark markets ( that can not be accessed on the regular internet ) and answers questions by private message . `` The doc is a pillar of the community '' wrote one user , TheChain , last month . `` If I went to my doc with some of the questions he 's answered I would get the same old 'drugs are bad ' response even though I was going to do it without their consent . ''
This refusal to pass judgment has made Caudevilla , who lives in Spain , one of the most respected voices of Silk Road . When one member said they were thinking about trying dissociatives ( a class of hallucinogen , which distort perceptions of sight and sound and produce feelings of detachment or dissociation ) , the doctor went through the effects and dosages of each , and provided their recommendation and the problems associated with it Caudevilla makes no apologies for what some would consider their radical approach . In this environment they do not bother with attempting to dissuade people from using drugs , unless their use might harm another , for example by breastfeeding or driving . But by the time someone has become a member of Silk Road , they think they have gone far beyond being merely curious about drug consumption . `` So it makes no sense to use general prevention messages , '' they say . Global drug policy is based on a repressive legal system that has proven to be ineffective and has caused many more problems than the ones It 's supposed to solve , '' they say . ‘ ‘ I think dark web marketplaces will be an important factor that will force a change in drug policy in a near future . ' Fernando Caudevilla Their harm reduction work is tailored to their audience . `` If I talked to a classroom of 13 years-old schoolboys I would not explain to them how to use cocaine , of course . ''
Caudevilla lives in Madrid with their fiancee and works in a family clinic by day `` as a normal doctor , '' they say . But their main interest is in drugs and they work with Energy Control , a Spanish NGO , providing drug testing at parties and raves . `` I dedicate all my free time in different projects around drugs and harm reduction . It just has been a field that interests me '' . Caudevilla does not see the dark web drug markets as pure evil . `` Global drug policy is based on a repressive legal system that has proven to be ineffective and has caused many more problems than the ones It 's supposed to solve , '' they say. `` I think dark web marketplaces will be an important factor that will force a change in drug policy in a near future . '' There have been global law enforcement efforts to close down this new avenue of drug dealing . The FBI arrested Texan Ross Ulbricht in October last year and they face trial in November , accused of being the mastermind behind Silk Road . Many of the site 's top vendors from have been arrested in various countries . Brisbane man Peter Nash was extradited to the United States to face conspiracy charges as an alleged moderator of the discussion forum where Caudevilla dispenses their advice .
But the seizure of the original Silk Road did little to slow down the online drug trade . Illegal drugs are now available through more than 20 dark markets and Silk Road is no longer the market leader . New websites Evolution and Agora , which have more sophisticated infrastructure and more customers , have around 60 per cent of the overall listings of illicit goods between them . Silk Road is in third place with around 20 per cent . Yet Caudevilla points out that the dark web 's self-regulating markets often act more ethically than their legal counterparts . When Silk Road was hacked earlier this year , the administrators repaid the money stolen from members ' accounts . `` Dark web drug market administrators are more trustworthy than many politicians or Wall Street business people , '' they say . Caudevilla 's focus is firmly on reducing the potential for harm from illegal drug use . Their dosage guidelines for novices are conservative and they arm them with facts to help them make an informed choice . One Silk Road member , Trust In Us , wrote that their girlfriend had overdosed and contacted Caudevilla who happened to be online at the time : `` He gave them the directions they followed and lived . ''
Another claimed Caudevilla 's concern that their heroin withdrawal symptoms were atypical drove them to seek medical assistance . They discovered they had early-stage leukaemia . Questions come from all over the world : `` A person from the United States explained that they could n't ask to their doctor about drugs because their medical insurance was provided by their employer and they were afraid of them finding out , '' Caudevilla says . `` And some people from Russia or Asian countries buy prescription opiates from Silk Road and ask for advice about how to use them to detoxify from heroin , as in their countries there are no programs available . '' Caudevilla provides a discreet link to a bitcoin wallet to which they can accept personal donations . Caudevilla has a qualified respect for the creator of the website . `` [ The founder ] was a very charismatic character and has become a hero or a martyr for their community . I think their idea of Silk Road is amazing but I do not agree with some of their ultra-anarchist libertarian discourse , '' they say of Dread Pirate Roberts who followed Agorism , a form of revolutionary market anarchism . `` He thinks people should have the same right to use cocaine as to have a rifle in their home . I think there is a huge difference between potential harms of self-use of cocaine and potential harms of an assault rifle '' .
Few people would be in a better position to judge Caudevilla 's work than Dr Monica Barratt who has studied the dark markets in their role at Australia 's National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre . They co-ordinated the inclusion of questions about Silk Road into the Global Drug Survey last year . `` DoctorX provides a unique service by actually going to where people who need assistance actually are : you could call it digital outreach , '' they say . `` Rather than expecting people to flock to a website or download a new app , outreach workers should consider finding where people already congregate ( whether that be a physical place , or a dark net market community forum ) , then offering assistance there and then . '' Dr Alex Wodak , president of the Australian Drug Reform Association , has read some of Caudevilla 's advice . `` From what I have read , they seem to take this work seriously , '' they say . `` He is patient with people who seem to have little time for science . I think they should more often point out that abstinence is always an option – which is the case – even if they know that their readers seem to have made their minds up about taking the drugs they discuss with him '' . Dr David Caldicott , an emergency consultant at the Calvary Hospital in Canberra , provides a similar service to Caudevilla on the regular internet . They post in the popular drug safety Bluelight forums under the name Dr Platypus . Their focus is also firmly on harm reduction , but their approach is more conservative than Caudevilla 's . `` We should n't be encouraging drug use but we need to accept that drug use occurs and we need to explain to people how not to get hurt , ' says Caldicott . `` [ Caudevilla 's advice is ] a little a bit more consumer-oriented than my own approach . ''
Both Caudevilla and Caldicott are advocates for drug reform . But they have different opinions on how that reform should be achieved . `` I am absolutely in favour of total legalisation of all prohibited drugs , '' Caudevilla says . `` This does not necessarily mean that you can buy methamphetamine as easily as tomatoes , or that heroin should be advertised in glamorous ways like cars or perfumes . `` Different kinds of substances need different regulations . I think that if we have spent 90 years in an ineffective and harmful moral-based system , we can spend the next 90 testing solutions based on scientific evidence . '' Caldicott does n't agree with this no-holds-barred approach . `` Total legalisation of all of the drugs for everybody does n't make sense at all , '' they say . `` I 'm in favour of a graduated response to every compound that can be consumed with decisions made from evidence based on their dangers and hazards… If a drug poisons a quarter of people who consume it or their behaviour causes people harm , then definitely it should be illegal . '' While many are horrified that technology has brought drug dealers into the loungeroom , others claim that it is a safer alternative to scoring in the traditional way – from a friend , acquaintance or local dealer .
The eBay-like feedback system and desire of competing vendors for repeat business provides some semblance of market-driven quality control . Anonymity of internet shopping eradicates any threat of violence . `` The benefits are many for buyers and thats one of the reasons for success of these markets , '' says Caudevilla . Caldicott is not convinced . `` I 'm a little sceptical about arguments that say dark web product is safer . Were we to prove that we would have to acquire numerous products on the dark web and actually test and analyse them . '' Interestingly , the FBI analysed over 100 purchases during 2012/13 during its operation to bring down Silk Road and revealed : `` Samples of these purchases have been laboratory-tested and have typically shown high purity levels of the drug the item was advertised to be on Silk Road '' . Alex Wodak says : `` I think online distribution is less harmful than street sales because the risk of violence is less . But online sales are still not regulated and that troubles me . '' The number of illicit drugs listings on the dark web has more than doubled since the arrest of Ulbricht . `` Once a technological advance is established there is no way back , '' Caudevilla says . And DoctorX will be there providing their customers with drug safety advice .
Eileen Ormsby is author of Silk Road being released by Pan MacMillan on November 1 .
Two days after Elior Azaria shot a neutralized terrorist who carried out a stabbing attack in Hebron , the commander of the Judea and Samaria Division instructed commanders of the various brigades to discuss with their subordinate officers the lessons of the incident and to revise the rules of engagement .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
“ In the beginning I did n't understand why this was necessary , ” explained Colonel Hazi Nehama , a commander of the Menasheh Brigade . “ I was sure that they had read the investigation and passed it along to their soldiers . Then suddenly one of the battalion commanders stood up and asked : ‘ How did the IDF not support the soldier ? ' After I provided all of the facts , the commander of the battalion understood what really happened there . ”
The relative calm over the past few weeks has enabled Yedioth Ahronoth to conduct a rare and exclusive interview with the six platoon commanders from the Judea and Samaria Division . For hours they discussed the current wave of terror attacks and elaborated on the techniques and methods employed which ultimately brought about a significant decline in the number of attacks . The six also discussed moral and sensitive subjects which are tearing the IDF apart from inside .
Colonel Yariv Ben-Ezra , left ( Photo : IDF spokesperson )
Etzion Battalion Commander , Colonel Roman Gofman , described the daily efforts to stop the cycle of terror . “ In two-and-a-half months , twelve terrorists came from the village of Sa'ir near Hebron , for example . We checked the clans that they belonged to and targeted them and them only , while we made things easier for the rest of the clans . They quickly recognized this and stopped whoever they needed to . ”
Battalion Commander , Colonel Roi Strait gave the example of the village of Budrus north of Ramallah . “ This small village with about 2,500 residents caused a lot of problems , ” they said . “ But the moment that we began to pave them a central road , the mayor and the principal of a school came and stopped a demonstration that had erupted . ”
Moreover , the battalion commanders emphasized that we are only talking about a temporary respite . “ When the wave of terror is renewed , ” Battalion Commander in Samaria Colonel Shay Klapper predicted , “ it will jump a few levels . It wo n't go back to 13-year-old children with knives . The bus explosion in Jerusalem returned us all to the early 2000s . ”
Only recently was the case closed against a Binyamin battalion commander , Colonel Israel Shomer , who shot a terrorist to death after they threw a boulder at their vehicle . Shomer shared their thoughts on the case with Yedioth Ahronoth : “ I am proud of the fact that despite the fact that I am a colonel , my case was checked in exactly the same way as other regular soldiers are checked . Obviously the investigations of the military criminal investigation division ( CID ) are not pleasant , but my belief in the prevailing of justice and the support which I received outweighed the unpleasantness . ”
Col. Yariv Ben-Ezra , commander of the Hebron Brigade , also commented on the Hebron shooting incident which took place in their area and which rocked the state but highlighted the importance of social networks . “ We can not ignore the conversations on social networks , ” they said . “ This is a command challenge , a leadership challenge but at the end of the day it only builds the resilience of the army and its commanders . I believe that we will emerge from this stronger as an army . ”
CTV Atlantic
The family of a woman originally from Saint John says they have n't seen them in more than four months , resulting in a public appeal for information .
Shannon Mary Sullivan suddenly left their job in Toronto back in mid-February , taking all of their things from their condo . Them family says it was highly unusual for them to do that .
`` Sick to my stomach , ” says Sullivan 's brother , Terence Sullivan . “ It keeps me awake at night . It makes me wonder where they are . ''
Terence Sullivan says their sister had an accomplished career in pharmacology . They say Shannon is a kind , intelligent and avid traveller .
`` She has n't been on social media . There 's limited information you can get from their banks , but there 's been zero activity on Shannon , '' Terence Sullivan says .
A few early messages in late February from Shannon indicated they were fearful for their financial security and that their electronic devices might have been hacked . Toronto police determined they rented a car from the Amsterdam airport in early March , but abandoned it in a mall parking lot shortly after .
“ In the email that Shannon sends to their employer in February regarding this issue , they feel that someone has entered the vehicle and perhaps tampered with it . They do n't feel safe to go back into the vehicle , '' says Terence Sullivan .
Shannon 's longtime friends have also tried to reach out to them multiple times with no response .
`` The limited contact they had early on were all quite concerning , suggesting to me that they are n't ok , that they are in a state of distress , '' says Shannon 's friend Nadine Blum .
`` She 's very much an introvert , ” says Shannon 's friend Elsie Yu . “ I can see how they would do that , but ... they do have some friends that they can talk to . ''
Terence has made a trip to Toronto to meet with Shannon 's employer , the police and their property manager . They say based on the evidence they and their family has gathered , they believe Shannon is under mental duress .
`` We believe no one has them She 's not under duress that way . However , the fact that their mental faculties have been compromised almost certainly led a greater sense of urgency into finding her , '' Terence says .
Shannon 's family and friends have set up a Facebook page hoping to find them and bring their home safe .
With files from CTV Atlantic 's Mary Cranston .
Rory McIlroy , of Northern Ireland , reacts after a bogey on the 18th hole at the Memorial golf tournament in Dublin , Ohio . ( Photo : Adam Cairns AP ) Story Highlights McIlroy starts with bogey and goes south from there
First round leader shoots 43 on first nine on Friday
McIlroy making a habit of bad second rounds
DUBLIN , Ohio – A day after firing a spectacular 9-under-par 63 to grab the first round lead of The Memorial Tournament presented by Nationwide , Rory McIlroy was equally spectacular on Friday .
Going in the wrong direction .
McIlroy , who broke off their engagement with tennis star Caroline Wozniacki last week and then rallied with a final-round 66 to win the BMW Championship , the European Tour 's flagship event , had their sore left knee wrapped in a protective sleeve .
But they quickly became unraveled as they began their second round under brilliant skies with a tee shot into heavy rough to the left of the 10th fairway at Muirfield Village , which resulted in a bogey .
After momentarily righting their ship with a birdie from close range on the difficult par-3 12th , their round quickly sunk . They hit three trees on the 13th and made double bogey , found the water guarding the 14th green and made double bogey , then double hit a chip shot near the 15th green that led to a third consecutive double bogey .
RORY MCILROY : Columnist suggests golfer stay single
They did salvage a par on the 16th when they holed a bunker shot . Trouble was , they had left their first bunker shot on the hole in the bunker . They ended their disastrous front nine with another bogey on the 18th to shoot 43 , marking the fourth consecutive PGA Tour event for McIlroy in which they have shot 40 or higher for nine holes – all coming in the second round .
McIlroy gathered themselves on the front nine with a 1-under 35 to mercifully end their round of 78 , which left them 3 under for the tournament and dropped them off the front page of the leaderboard .
`` The knee 's okay . It was a little sore this morning on the range because if I just keep hitting balls continuously and just keep torquing it , then it 's going to get sore . But out on the course it was fine , '' McIlroy said . `` The painkillers kicked in . I felt it a little bit , but did n't really bother me too much . ''
What bothered them was missing fairways – they missed 10 of 14 .
`` That was a big thing . I did n't realize how thick the rough was until I got in it today , '' they said . `` It 's thick . I just kept missing fairways and making it tough for myself . And obviously that little three‑hole stretch -- 13 , 14 , 15 -‑ did n't help . Take those three holes out of it , then it would n't actually have been that bad a day . But as I was saying yesterday , these little runs I 'm getting on where it gets away from me , I was able to avoid that last week . Not so much this week . ''
But their week is n't over .
`` Even though I had such a bad day , I 'm still in with a chance depending on what the guys do this afternoon , '' McIlroy said . `` So going into the weekend , not exactly where I want to be , but could be worse . I am hitting a lot of good shots and I played the front nine solidly . Just need to get back out there tomorrow and get off to a good start . That 's exactly what I did n't do today .
`` … I did n't get off to a good start and sort of made things tough for myself . But it seemed like anything that could sort of go wrong did go wrong out there with having the double hit on 15 and hitting a couple of branches on 13 , which were actually a couple of decent shots . … So hopefully that 's the bad run out of the way and I can play some good golf on the weekend and get myself back in with a shot . ''
Washington ( CNN ) The White House is calling the Congressional Budget Office 's methodology for estimating the impact of Republican health care legislation `` fundamentally flawed '' ahead of an upcoming release of a new assessment of the Senate bill .
Marc Short , the White House 's director of legislative affairs , and National Economic Council aide Brian Blase wrote an op-ed published in The Washington Post calling the CBO 's assessment of the bill , which would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , unreliable .
`` In the coming days , the Congressional Budget Office will release an updated analysis of the Senate bill to repeal and replace Obamacare , '' the op-ed reads . `` The CBO will likely predict lower health insurance coverage rates if the bill becomes law . The American people and Congress should give this prediction little weight in assessing the bill 's merit . ''
It continues : `` The CBO 's methodology , which favors mandates over choice and competition , is fundamentally flawed . As a result , its past predictions regarding health-care legislation have not borne much resemblance to reality . Its prediction about the Senate bill is unlikely to fare much better . ''
The CBO , a nonpartisan federal agency charged with providing budget and economic information to Congress , could release the updated assessment as soon as Monday . It reported in June that an earlier version of the Senate health care bill would leave 22 million fewer Americans with health insurance by 2026 than would be covered under Obamacare .
The CBO also found the bill would reduce deficits by $ 321 billion over the next decade .
In the op-ed , Short and Blase argue that the CBO failed to recognize problems that occurred after the implementation of the Affordable Care Act .
`` Today , there are only 10 million people enrolled in exchange plans -- about 60 percent fewer than expected . ... `` they write . `` Absent the projected bounty of young , healthy consumers , health insurers are abandoning the exchanges , leaving a third of American counties with only one insurer to choose from . As insurers continue to flee the exchanges , consumers will face even fewer options next year . And while choice is declining , costs are skyrocketing . ... The CBO failed to foresee any of this . ''
The Trump administration and Congressional Republicans have been attacking the CBO for months , downplaying the agency 's reviews of their efforts to repeal Obamacare . The CBO 's projections that millions fewer Americans would have insurance and federal support of Medicaid would be slashed have unnerved many moderate GOP lawmakers and given ammunition to critics of the repeal effort .
As for how well CBO estimated the impact of Obamacare , it 's true the agency overestimated how many people would enroll in the exchanges set up by the law . That 's in part because fewer employers than predicted dropped coverage .
However , the agency was much closer to the mark on Obamacare 's overall impact on the nation 's insured rate . It had originally predicted that 92 % of non-elderly adults would have coverage in 2016 , revising that figure to 89 % after the Supreme Court ruled in 2012 that expanding Medicaid was optional for states .
It turns out that 89.7 % of Americans under age 65 had insurance last year , according to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data .
As for premiums , insurers actually set their 2014 rates lower than the CBO projected , partly because they did not know how to judge the new exchange markets and because they were looking to attract enrollees .
There 's no doubt that Obamacare was troubled before Trump was elected . Many insurers hiked rates substantially for 2017 , while others pulled out of the market after racking up big losses . However , several analyses have shown that the individual market is stabilizing and many insurers are no longer bleeding money .
Now , it 's the Trump administration and Republicans on Capitol Hill who are prompting carriers to raise rates and flee the market . Many are unnerved by the uncertainty emanating out of Washington D.C. , citing that as a main reason they are asking for big premium hikes or washing their hands of the exchanges .
The Senate revised its health care legislation this week with the goal of being able to gain support from more conservative lawmakers . The changes include an amendment by Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz -- a version of their own overhaul bill -- that would allow insurers offering Obamacare plans to also provide cheaper , bare-bones policies .
The House passed its version of an Obamacare repeal bill in May . That legislation would leave 23 million fewer Americans with health insurance by 2026 than under the Affordable Care Act , the CBO said .
Republican leaders have said they want to vote on the bill , or at least to take the procedural steps toward a vote , by next week .
The Freedom to Think Hard
For trust-sensitive , transaction-heavy platforms such as Craigslist , … even if a more influential user interface would make it easier to take action , it might also make users feel as though they have less control in evaluating their options when making choices .
People enjoy their freedom—especially when it comes to making decisions . So why not give users all the freedom in the world ? Freedom comes at a cost . After all , one primary responsibility of UX designers is designing user interfaces that influence the choices users make .
When a user interface has a clear visual hierarchy—both at the page level and the sitemap level—this reduces the user 's cognitive load , makes choices easier , and prevents users ' having to think hard . Most UX designers would think achieving all of this would be a huge accomplishment . After all , this is what UX designers are supposed to ensure .
In most cases , this sort of thought process would be valid , but for trust-sensitive , transaction-heavy platforms such as Craigslist , a different approach might actually be better . Thus , as shown in Figure 1 , even if a more influential user interface would make it easier to take action , it might also make users feel as though they have less control in evaluating their options when making choices . For trust-sensitive experiences , this probably is n't the feeling you want to create .
Figure 1 —Balancing influence and freedom
If you follow a conventional approach to UX design and try to reduce , as much as possible , the user 's cognitive load , you may also potentially be reducing a product 's ability to build trust . On the other hand , if you maximize users ' freedom and put them fully in control , you may be sacrificing ease of use and assistance in decision making .
So should you maximize either freedom or influence or balance them ? You should n't try to make such UX-design choices in a vacuum . Make such decisions after evaluating the level of trust users require for your product to be successful . Craigslist has concluded that the importance of user freedom far outweighs that of reducing cognitive load in this transaction-heavy , trust-sensitive environment .
Craigslist wants to ensure that users feel they have deliberately come to their own conclusions every step of the way—from browsing a horde of loosely organized market categories ; to completely relying on seller-created item descriptions , without the addition of any auto-populated , boilerplate product information as on competitive systems such as eBay ; to having absolutely no suggested or similar items based on easily trackable user behaviors .
Subjectivity Versus Objectivity
The goal of the UX designers at Craigslist is to take the focus off the system and place it on the items for sale instead . People who are turned off by aggressive salespeople who wear nice suits and slicked-back hair and push their subjective viewpoints [ 1 ] will appreciate Craigslist 's supreme nonchalance and objectivity .
On Craigslist , instead of the site 's attempting to woo , persuade , or push people into anything , what they see is what they get . There are no lightning deals , seasonal discounts , or lists of popular or related items . Although browsing the site and deciding what items to explore requires more effort , users are both compelled and free to make their own objective decisions . Craigslist has forsaken the powers of persuasion that are typical of such a marketplace . It 's just buyers and sellers—free to evaluate each other and the products and services for sale on equal ground .
Goal-Driven Visual Nonchalance
Designers should resist the assumption that a site 's visual design should necessarily be as pretty as possible .
Craigslist 's user interface makes absolutely no attempt to capture superficial praise for its features or visual design . The site 's visual design looks almost as though its designers simply created wireframes , then quit before moving on to high-fidelity mockups , leaving the developers to build out the wireframes and call the site done . Is this a bad thing ? No ! Designers should resist the assumption that a site 's visual design should necessarily be as pretty as possible .
What may separate user-interface ( UI ) designers from UX designers is how they might respond to Craigslist 's visual design . A UI designer might say , “ This site looks really dated and needs some major rework , ” while a UX designer might say , “ Well , looking at the site from a purely utilitarian viewpoint , this may be a great design strategy for achieving business goals and minimizing users ' painpoints. ” I agree with the UX designer . From a business perspective , Craigslist 's goal is to facilitate sales . From a UX perspective , people need to be able to trust buyers and sellers so transactions can actually take place .
Now , the UI designer might ask , “ How does Craigslist accomplish either of these things ? It 's not pretty . It does n't have a review system . It just looks and feels so old ! ” These are fair points—particularly in regard to the lack of a review system .
But ultimately , thinking about how sales occur , everything comes down to trust—both trust of the system and peer-to-peer trust between buyers and sellers . I 've already discussed trust-building UX strategies from a system perspective . How can you foster trust-building from a peer-to-peer perspective ?
Buyers need to be able to trust that items for sale are as described and that the seller is n't a psychopath and wo n't try to scam them in some unforeseen way . The quickest way to establish trust is through the breadth and depth of the interactions between people . To encourage transactions between people , you need to support two things : frequent communications and vulnerable communication . More on this later .
Streamlining Social Penetration
A service 's success—particularly that of a peer-to-peer sales service—is also highly dependent on creating a user experience that provides opportunities for positive peer-to-peer interactions to take place .
Craigslist de-emphasizes products and , instead , emphasizes people and the peer-to-peer relationships between them . While it 's essential to make users feel objective , independent , and free , a service 's success—particularly that of a peer-to-peer sales service—is also highly dependent on creating a user experience that provides opportunities for positive peer-to-peer interactions to take place .
So how can you emphasize peer-to-peer interactions and motivate users to engage with one another ? There is a lot of literature on how to do this , but it all comes down to social penetration theory , [ 2 ] which shows how people can break down formal social barriers by being perceived as vulnerable , making it possible for deeper interactions to take place .
In forming relationships with one another , vulnerability is the quickest route to meaning and value . Meaningless formalities and societal correctness are characteristic of surface-level interactions . The faster people can let their guard down , the sooner they can have real conversations , establish actual trust , and engage in meaningful interactions .
Opening up and exposing one 's inner self is n't the only way to get closer to someone new , but it is absolutely the fastest way . That said , this insight into how peer-to-peer relationships form is not exclusive to the world of human relationships . On the contrary , digital experiences can capitalize on the same principles , allowing people to more quickly and deeply connect .
Depth of Interaction
Encouraging users to be vulnerable accelerates the achievement of both the business goal of facilitating sales and the UX goal of building trust .
When buyers are interested in purchasing an item on Craigslist , they must contact the seller directly . When sellers provide a personal phone number or email address , buyers can immediately engage in deeper interactions with them . The only other option Craigslist provides is to use an email-masking feature that keeps the seller anonymous . But , as you might imagine , that feature mitigates trust building and yields a lower transaction rate . Passive sellers sometimes choose the latter option , but this is by far the least-popular option for motivated sellers . Encouraging users to be vulnerable accelerates the achievement of both the business goal of facilitating sales and the UX goal of building trust .
For sellers who choose to provide their personal email address or phone number , sharing this personal contact information initiates a greater depth of interaction . Plus , breadth of interaction , or repetition , generally ensues as buyers and sellers exchange multiple questions and answers over time . This is exactly what Craigslist wants for its users—for buyers and sellers to be in direct personal contact . Their focus is on the people . The more these people allow themselves to be vulnerable , the quicker their interactions can evolve and the faster transactions can take place .
The Excitement of Danger and the Power of Effort Justification
Deep down , people believe that things worth having will not come easy to them . … Getting a good deal on something a buyer wants to purchase online is no different .
Now , you might say , “ Hey , vulnerability might speed up interactions , but it can also speed people into danger ! ” That is absolutely correct . This brings me to my last point about the excitement of danger and the power of effort justification . [ 3 ]
It is human nature to be excited by the unknown , especially when there is a possibility of danger . With Craigslist , users are unsure of many things . Will the person selling or buying the item be a whack job ? Will the item be in the condition the seller described ? Is it possible the item was stolen ? Lots of scary thoughts come to mind—none of which would actually drive a sale . So why do users take the risk ? The answer : effort justification . Deep down , people believe that things worth having will not come easy to them .
To get good grades , students have to study hard . Earning a promotion at work often requires sucking up and working extra hours . Getting a good deal on something a buyer wants to purchase online is no different . Buyers feel they must suffer a little or wo n't believe that an opportunity is real . People expect to get good prices only after making the appropriate sacrifices . Otherwise , they simply do n't believe they deserve a bargain .
Craigslist 's user experience capitalizes on these psychological insights . Beyond the look and feel of the user interface , there are so many uncertainties that users must be willing to accept to actually complete a transaction . But , in the end , after users have navigated through a page comprising 20 titles and 100 text links—with no imagery , minimal organization , and a wide array of elements competing for attention in its visual hierarchy—after all the communications between buyers and sellers and , most likely meeting with a stranger in a safe public place to make the exchange , the transaction just feels worth it .
Summary
Overly polished , perfectly crafted experiences may have unexpected negative side effects such as their lacking relatable qualities , deemphasizing the human element that users naturally seek in sales-related experiences , and failing to give users the feeling that they 've independently chosen and earned the experience outcome .
Craigslist has continued to have success—much to the surprise of many UX designers . The site certainly is n't pretty , does n't try hard to convince users that a particular path or action is better than another , and does n't do much to make site exploration or buyer-to-seller communication easy or fun .
However , this is not only okay , but unconventionally brilliant . The famous Mies van der Rohe quotation “ less is more ” rings very true here . Overly polished , perfectly crafted experiences may have unexpected negative side effects such as their lacking relatable qualities , deemphasizing the human element that users naturally seek in sales-related experiences , and failing to give users the feeling that they 've independently chosen and earned the experience outcome .
You should , of course , take all of this with a grain of salt . However , I hope this column has provided food for thought to those of you who have practiced product design in a way that always focuses on making experiences better by designing beautiful , effortless digital user interfaces .
Many tenets of Web site or application design—such as creating perfectly polished user interfaces and employing design patterns—are not always necessary ingredients for providing real experiential value . Instead , when appropriate , as for Craigslist , UX designers should consider allowing meaningful user experiences to express what most people would refer to as flaws .
References
[ 1 ] Riegelsberger , Jens , M. Angela Sasse , and John D. McCarthy . “ Shiny Happy People Building Trust ? Photos on eCommerce Web Sites and Consumer Trust. ” In CHI '03 : Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems . Ft. Lauderdale , Florida : ACM , 2003 .
[ 2 ] Carpenter , Amanda , and Kathryn Greene . “ Social Penetration Theory. ” The International Encyclopedia of Interpersonal Communication . San Francisco : John Wiley & Sons , 2016 .
[ 3 ] Axsom , Danny . “ Effort Justification. ” In Encyclopedia of Social Psychology , Roy F. Baumeister and Kathleen D. Vohs , editors . Thousand Oaks , CA : SAGE Publications , 2007 .
Coming Soon
Wonderland
Just out of prison and investigating a twisted murder , Spenser is sucked back into Boston 's underbelly . Based on the popular books ; Mark Wahlberg stars .
Klaus
Amy Schumer Growing
Amy Schumer talks marriage , pregnancy , politics and more in a new stand-up special filmed at the Chicago Theatre .
The Panama Papers
The true story of two journalists whose work set off an international firestorm by revealing how easily the wealthy hid billions of dollars offshore .
The Ghost Bride
In the 1890s Malacca , a young woman finds themselves in the afterlife and becomes mired in a murder mystery connected to the deceased son of a wealthy family .
Ultraman
Years after Ultraman disappeared , Shinjiro learns of their connection to the legendary hero and dons the metallic ultra-suit to fight new aliens .
Jimmy Carr : The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits
Nothing is off limits as Jimmy Carr serves up the most outrageous jokes from their stand-up career in a special that 's not for the faint of heart .
Escape from Hat
A desperate rabbit rallies an unexpected band of allies to help them escape from inside a magician 's hat and return to the human boy they love .
In addition to rolling out an entirely new World Ranking system , the UCI quietly changed the rules regarding under-23 riders for the Road World Championships for 2016 . Related Articles UCI to launch new rolling World Ranking system in 2016
Previously , U23 men on year-long contracts with WorldTour teams were excluded from racing the U23 category in the Worlds road race and time trials .
Under the new rules , U23 men on WorldTour teams may race the U23 category provided they have not raced in the elite men 's field at a previous road world championship .
The move opens the door for riders like Caleb Ewan , who have been in the WorldTour but not been selected for elite Worlds to compete as an U23 in 2016 .
The UCI also added a women 's U23 category for cyclo-cross . The women 's U23 field will consist of riders aged 17-22 . *
While the UCI added a new World Ranking for elite and U23 men , it has not yet revised the rules for allocations for the World Championships , which are currently dependent upon the WorldTour nations rankings .
The UCI confirmed that the rules regarding allocations for the 2016 Olympic Games will not be altered .
The qualification system can be found here .
* Corrects previous version that indicated women U23 was for road .
Just months after Gov . Haslam signed a bill against gun prohibitions in parks , lawmakers have introduced a bill to allow them in certain cases .
The state legislature passed a contentious bill repealing the authority of cities and counties to ban guns from local parks with a host of compromises to earn Haslam 's signature in April .
Now , key Democrats have pre-filed a proposal for the 2016 session to insert an exemption to the new law for events such concerts , sporting activities and festivals that require tickets .
The measure is backed by Senate Minority Leader Lee Harris from Memphis and Rep. John Ray Clemmons of Nashville , both Democrats .
“ Allowing guns in areas with large crowds where alcohol is consumed is a recipe for disaster , and creates a grave danger for law enforcement officers , who might not be able to distinguish friendlies with a gun from criminals , ” said Harris in a statement released this week by the Senate Democratic Caucus .
“ Concert promoters made clear that they want the ability to ban weapons at their events , and rely exclusively on law enforcement and security to keep attendees safe , ” contends Harris . “ Concerts generate millions of dollars of economic activity in Tennessee each year , and we have to take their concerns very seriously . ”
The proposal , Senate Bill 1432/House Bill 1409 would mandate that any event held in a public space in which a ticket is charged for admission could trigger a gun ban for the length of the event . It would further clarify gun bans in public arenas where sporting events are held .
Clemmons advised the amendment to the new law comes as a response to feedback received from the community .
“ Little league ball games are not somewhere we need firearms , ” said Clemmons .
The measure has drawn early fire from Tennessee Firearms Association Executive Director John Harris who contends permit holders should be able to carry on public areas paid for through taxpayer dollars .
At least 30 Yemeni soldiers were killed in coalition air raids and clashes after troops attempted to defect to Houthis and their allies near the border with Saudi Arabia , a military source said on Wednesday .
Saudi-led coalition jets , which have bombed Houthi positions in Yemen since March , intervened when `` dozens of soldiers defected and announced their support '' for Houthis on Tuesday , prompting clashes with pro-government troops , the source said .
The incident took place at the 23rd Mechanised Brigade , stationed near the border with Saudi Arabia and left `` at least 30 soldiers killed and dozens wounded '' on both sides , they told AFP .
`` Armoured vehicles and troop carriers were destroyed or damaged '' in the air raids and clashes between rival units before the situation was brought under control , the source added .
Troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh have joined forces with the Houthis , who seized the capital almost unresisted in September before advancing southwards in the impoverished Gulf country .
Saudi Arabia fears the Houthis are trying to bring Yemen under the influence of Iran .
In the country 's main southern city of Aden , heavy fighting raged between Houthis and their allies and pro-government forces , residents said .
Military sources said that the Houthis and Saleh loyalists fired rockets at a residential district killing eight civilians , among them three children .
AFP could not confirm the toll from medical sources .
Meanwhile , the Houthi-controlled sabanews.net website reported that around 40 inmates escaped in a jailbreak after coalition jets bombed the area surrounding a prison in Mahawit province , northwest of the capital .
The UN says more than 3,200 people have been killed and 1.26 million displaced in Yemen since fighting broke out in March .
Introducing Tom the Dancing Bug @ Boing Boing
Ruben Bolling is the author of the weekly comic strip `` Tom the Dancing Bug , '' and we 're delighted to have them here with us at Boing Boing .
`` Tom '' won the 2009 Association of Alternative Newsweeklies Award for Best Cartoon , the third time in a row , and is the only comic to have won the award more than once and to have been a finalist every year since the award began in 2001 . The 2003 AAN judges said of the comic strip : `` Consistently funny , pointed without being dogmatic , and takes on subjects that no one else does ... an oasis of keen intelligence . ''
Ruben Bolling has authored three `` Tom the Dancing Bug compilation books : Thrilling Tom the Dancing Bug Stories ( Andrews McMeel , 2004 ) ; All I Ever Needed to Know I Learned From My Golf-Playing Cats ( NBM Publishing , 1997 ) ; and Tom the Dancing Bug ( HarperCollins , 1992 ) .
Bolling 's also had original comics published in The New Yorker , Nickelodeon , Mad Magazine , ESPN The Magazine and Harper 's . One of `` Tom the Dancing Bug 's '' popular recurring characters , `` Harvey Richards , Lawyer for Children '' is set to become the star of a live action motion picture by New Line Cinema .
First comic after the jump . Enjoy !
Materials researchers say rebooting soon may be a thing of the past
The ferroelectric materials found in today 's `` smart cards '' used in subway , ATM and fuel cards soon may eliminate the time-consuming booting and rebooting of computer operating systems by providing an `` instant-on '' capability as well as preventing losses from power outages .
Researchers supported by a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) nanoscale interdisciplinary research team award and three Materials Research Science and Engineering Centers at Cornell University , Penn State University and Northwestern University recently added ferroelectric capability to material used in common computer transistors , a feat scientist tried to achieve for more than half a century . They reported their findings in the April 17 journal Science .
Ferroelectric materials provide low-power , high-efficiency electronic memory . Smart cards use the technology to instantly reveal and update stored information when waved before a reader . A computer with this capability could instantly provide information and other data to the user .
Researchers led by Cornell University materials scientist Darrell Schlom took strontium titanate , a normally non-ferroelectric variant of the ferroelectric material used in smart cards , and deposited it on silicon -- the principal component of most semiconductors and integrated circuits -- in such a way that the silicon squeezed it into a ferroelectric state .
`` It 's great to see fundamental research on ordered layering of materials , or epitaxial growth , under strained conditions pay off in such a practical manner , particularly as it relates to ultra-thin ferroelectrics '' said Lynnette Madsen , the NSF program director responsible for the Nanoscale Interdisciplinary Research Team award .
The result could pave the way for a next-generation of memory devices that are lower power , higher speed and more convenient to use . For everyday computer users , it could mean no more waiting for the operating system to come online or to access memory slowly from the hard drive .
`` Several hybrid transistors have been proposed specifically with ferroelectrics in mind , '' said Schlom . `` By creating a ferroelectric directly on silicon , we are bringing this possibility closer to realization . ''
More research is needed to achieve a ferroelectric transistor that would make `` instant on '' computing a reality , but having the materials in direct contact , free of intervening reaction layers , is an important step .
# # #
The paper 's first author , Maitri P. Warusawithana , is a postdoctoral associate in Schlom 's lab . The research team also includes scientists at the National Institute of Standards and Technology , Motorola Corp. , Ames Laboratory and Intel Corp .
Along with NSF , the Office of Naval Research and the Department of Energy funded the research .
A study conducted by researchers at the Kinsey Institute and published in the journal Archives of Sexual Behaviour , has debunked every belief about what 's important to couples in long-term relationships .
In fact , the study indicates a reversal in perceived roles and behaviours , finding that as relationships advance , women are the ones more interested in sex , while their men prefer to cuddle .
The study , titled 'Sexual Satisfaction and Relationship Happiness in Midlife and Older Couples in Five Countries ' is said to be the first to examine sexual and relationship parameters of middle-aged and older couples in committed relationships of one to 51 years duration .
Research was conducted in Brazil , Germany , Japan , Spain , and the United States , targeting 200 men aged 40-70 and their female partners in each country , with 1,009 couples in the final sample .
It found that for men , relationship satisfaction `` depended on health , physical intimacy , and sexual functioning , while in women , only sexual functioning predicted relationship satisfaction .
`` The longer the relationship lasted , the greater the relationship happiness and sexual satisfaction for men .
`` However , women in relationships of 20 to 40 years were significantly less likely than men to report relationship happiness . Compared to men , women showed lower sexual satisfaction early in the relationship and greater sexual satisfaction later . ''
The result of the research has baffled some couples and experts here , even as others admit that there 's merit .
Psychologist Dr Leahcim Semaj said they know that as women get older their sexual interest and desires become stronger , but they are the ones , they believe , who are more attracted to cuddling and being close .
`` My awareness is that women are the ones who are generally more attracted to cuddling and just being close and want to hug and so on , while men are the ones who are more vagina-centric -- everything must be around intercourse , '' they said .
Counsellor David Anderson said the study has some merit as although men are typically raised to be macho , many let down their guard when they enter long-term relationships .
`` Once they settle in , and realise the woman is in for the long haul , then the macho guard drops , '' they said . `` He suddenly becomes the needy baby , the one who ca n't bear to be in pain ; the one who needs comfort when they have a boo-boo ; the one who ca n't stand the sight of blood ... ''
They said normally , these behaviours are frowned upon in societies like Jamaica where traditional roles are celebrated , but in other places where men are allowed to express themselves , `` there 's not much difference between a man and an 'emotional woman ' .
`` And so I can understand that as the man settles into the familiarity of married life they would want to be loved and cuddled , while the woman , who has never had an issue with expressing themselves emotionally , will want to explore more sexually , '' they said .
For 51-year-old Curtis Stewart , who has been married to 53-year-old Claudette for 21 years , `` it feels good to cuddle '' .
The couple admits , though , that their relationship has n't fully reached the extent as seen in the study . As for Claudette : `` When I was younger I found that sex was comforting and relieved tension , now I find that just relaxing or just holding their hands means even more to me . ''
Forty-something-year-old Michelle R , who has been married for 12 years , agreed that older men enjoyed cuddling .
`` The ones who talk about how they love sex more are just full of mouth ( talk ) . I think it 's more mouth than action , '' they said .
Men above the age of 60 years are more prone to erectile dysfunction and very well may be forced to resort to cuddling instead of intercourse ..
The Kinsey Institute , based at the Indiana University in the United States , `` works towards advancing sexual health and knowledge worldwide '' , according to its website .
For over 60 years , the institute has been investigating critical issues in sex , gender and reproduction .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The story of how one father rescued their daughters from IS
Sitting in the yard of their house , Artur Magomedov recalls the moment their world fell apart .
`` My wife 's uncle and brother came round to see me . They told me they had gone away and taken the children . ''
Without telling him , Artur 's wife had taken their daughters , 10-year-old Fatima and Maizarat , 3 , and flown to Turkey . From there they crossed into Syria to join so-called Islamic State ( IS ) .
`` Her uncle and brother looked pleased . But I told them : 'This will end in tears . ' And what right did they have to take my kids away without my permission ? ''
Image caption Dagestan is one of Russia 's poorest republics and a fertile breeding ground for jihadists
In Dagestan , Artur 's wife had embraced a radical form of Islam and saw IS 's self-declared caliphate as a promised land .
They are not alone . This part of Russia has become a key recruiting ground for IS . According to the local authorities , 1,200 Dagestanis have gone to Syria to fight for the group .
Artur resolved to rescue their daughters .
Long journey to IS territory
They borrowed money and flew to Istanbul , Turkey . There , a guide was waiting to arrange their secret transfer to Syria .
`` From Istanbul we drove to Gaziantep in southern Turkey . There was a Chechen family and three other people travelling with me .
`` We changed cars five times before we reached the Turkish-Syrian border . There 's a whole mafia there that organises the transport .
`` To get across the border you have to run 200m , and run fast , with all your bags before the border guards start shooting . As I ran my heart was pounding .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Crossing the Turkish border into Syria is fraught with risk
`` When I reached Isis territory , armed men were waiting with a pick-up truck . They drove us to a reception centre in Jarablus . ''
By now Artur had found out where their family was living . They had received a tip-off via text message from the husband of their wife 's sister : she , too , had moved to the caliphate .
`` He wrote to me : ' I 'm a fair man and you have n't been treated fairly . That 's why I am contacting you . ' ''
The relative had told Artur that their wife and children were in Tabqa . Artur travelled there and went to see them .
`` The children were so happy to see me , '' recalls Artur . `` Fatima was in black and wearing the hijab . Maizarat was still very young , so they were wearing the same kind of clothes they wore in Dagestan . ''
`` My wife was n't there when I arrived , but they soon came running when they heard I 'd turned up . They realised they were in trouble . ''
A Sharia court awarded Artur custody of their children .
But it is forbidden to leave the caliphate . To get home , they would have to escape .
One night Artur and their children hitched a lift to the border with Turkey .
`` We crawled along a railway line to within 70m of the border . I took my youngest girl in my arms , and told my other daughter : 'Run ! '
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption During the summer IS fighters lost control of Tabqa and the battle shifted east to the stronghold of Raqqa
`` As we ran , I tore my trousers on some barbed wire and Fatima tore their dress . Maizarat started to cry .
`` We 'd just crossed the border when I tripped and fell on tank traps . I fell three times . I do n't know how I found the strength to go on .
`` The Turkish border guards were just 50m away and they started shooting . We dived into an irrigation ditch and hid there for 20 minutes . Bullets were flying overhead .
`` We got away from there through long grass . That 's when I realised we 'd done it . I could see the moon and the cornfields . It felt like paradise . ''
Artur and their daughters made their way to Istanbul , where the Russian consulate helped the family return home .
Image caption The two girls were issued travelled documents by the Russian consulate and allowed to return home
But what of Artur 's wife ?
`` I do n't know where they are , '' they tell me . `` We 're not in touch . They made them choice . They must live with it . ''
Artur 's mother tells me that other people from the village have left for the caliphate .
`` There are four or five women who have gone to Syria and they regret it , '' they tell me , `` I sometimes see their parents and they tell me life there is n't good . ''
What lies behind this exodus to Syria ?
Dagestan is one of the poorest regions in Russia : unemployment is high , wages low . That makes this part of Russia a fertile soil for radical ideas .
Image caption `` We will protect our planet from terror : No to terrorism ! '' proclaims a billboard in Dagestan
Marat is a Dagestani who fled IS and is now in hiding . When we meet they tell me they were brainwashed by a radical preacher on the internet ; to such an extent , that Marat abandoned their pregnant wife for jihad in Syria .
`` The preacher posted lots of emotionally-charged videos claiming Syrians were being persecuted and killed , '' Marat tells me .
`` 'Why are you Muslims sitting at home ? Come and help ! ' they would say . So , I decided to go and help . ''
`` My wife was against the idea . So I was n't completely honest with them I told them I was only going there for a short while , for a month or so . Once I was in Syria I called them and said I 'm not coming home . They burst into tears . They were hysterical .
`` I realise now it was my mistake . I understand that it 's not really a holy war there . It 's just one lot of Muslims fighting another . ''
'Shut the mosque and the young leave '
Some Dagestanis claim that , in their efforts to fight terrorism at home , the local authorities have inadvertently been pushing people abroad .
Image caption Dagestan is at the centre of a battle for the hearts and minds of its young people
In the town of Shamkhal , Shamsutdin Magomedov tells me about the local mosque they once prayed in , but which Dagestani police recently closed down .
They admit that `` five or six people from the mosque '' did travel to Syria , but insists that closing the building is no solution .
`` When the young people are here with us , we can keep an eye on them , '' Shamsutdin says . `` But shut the mosque , and the young people leave . Who knows where they go ? And what they are doing ? ''
Back in the yard at Artur Magomedov 's house , their youngest daughter Maizarat is sitting on the porch watching us . I ask Artur how their children have been affected by their experience , taken to Syria by their mother , and then rescued by their father .
`` This spring , Maizart asked me : 'How come everyone else has a mother and I do n't ? ' '' Artur tells me .
`` But I know the girls are still in touch with their mum on social media . I told them not to communicate with them But I 'm not going to stop them .
`` After all , they are their mother . And they do miss her . ''
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. testifies before Congress this week . ( Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images )
In a telephone conversation last year , an inmate in a New York City prison was speaking to a friend of theirs when their discussion turned to iPhones . They talked about the security of the iPhone , and the inmate appeared acutely concerned with the type of operating system on their phone .
Because of the newer operating systems available for iPhones , authorities “ ca n't open my phone , ” the inmate said , according to a transcript that was released in fall by the office of Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr . The inmate continued : “ That might be another gift from God . ”
As the feud between Apple and the FBI over a locked iPhone has grown increasingly heated , both sides have sought to convince the public — and , next week , will try to do the same with a California judge — about their stances on encryption , safety and security .
Apple and a legion of major Silicon Valley firms and cybersecurity experts have argued that the case could have a far-reaching impact on how we protect our data in a digital age . The FBI has said this debate is about a single phone that belonged to one of the San Bernardino attackers and could hold vital information for a terrorism investigation .
Law enforcement groups backing the FBI are also tackling what they say is an enemy cropping up across the country : Locked iPhones .
[ Relatives of San Bernardino victims and tech giants take sides in Apple-FBI fight ]
Tucked into the reams and reams of legal filings submitted earlier this month in the fight between Apple and the FBI was an argument from law enforcement officers saying that the technology giant 's efforts to strengthen encryption — something the company , other technology firms and security experts call essential to protecting privacy in a digital age — have also been a blessing for criminals .
One filing pointed to the transcript released by Vance , a critic of tech companies in the argument over encryption and privacy . It also cited other examples , like an unnamed “ big-city district attorney 's office ” who said that about half of the devices they recovered during investigations are running a version of Apple 's operating system that the company can not bypass . The district attorney is quoted in the filing as saying that authorities “ ca n't establish liability or responsibility because we ca n't access the phone . ”
Since September 2014 , Apple has issued iPhones with operating systems — first iOS 8 that month , now iOS 9 — that do not let the company extract data because the information is encrypted with a key using a password set by the phone 's owner or user .
[ FBI director : This case could set a precedent ]
After two attackers in San Bernardino , Calif. , killed 14 people in a terrorist attack in December , authorities recovered a locked iPhone belonging to Syed Rizwan Farook , one of the shooters . That phone , which was given to them in their job as a county health inspector , runs on iOS 9 .
FBI Director James Comey testifies about the fight with Apple this month . ( Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg )
The Justice Department obtained a court order directing Apple to design new software that would allow the FBI to keep trying new password combinations without the phone automatically wiping its data after 10 unsuccessful attempts . Apple has said it will fight this all the way to the Supreme Court .
In a court filing backing the FBI , three law enforcement groups representing prosecutors , sheriffs and federal officers pointed to the transcript from Vance 's office and said they had also found examples of criminals who previously used burner phones and “ have now switched to the new iPhones as the ‘ device-of-choice ' for their criminal wrongdoing . ”
[ What if the San Bernardino shooters had a Samsung Galaxy phone ? ]
All told , it represented a key facet of the fierce debate over whether the California case involves a specific request ( as the government has contended ) or could set a precedent weakening security for countless users ( as Apple and other Silicon Valley companies have argued ) .
“ It 's not surprising that criminals use the latest tools available , ” said Alex Abdo , a staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union , which has backed Apple in its fight . “ That has always been true in history . There has always been a cat and mouse game between criminals and law enforcement . I do n't think this is any different . ”
An Apple official said in an interview that the company had a long tradition of helping law enforcement , saying that over the last year they had received 10,023 requests from law enforcement through subpoenas or warrants and complied with 80 percent of those . The rest were cases where Apple was asked for information it did not have or given incorrect Apple IDs , the official said .
[ Is a locked iPhone the only thing between police and this woman 's killer ? ]
This debate is not necessarily new , of course . FBI Director James B. Comey , who this week argued their case against Apple in front of Congress , had sharply criticized Apple and Google two years ago for seeking types of encryption that law enforcement could not break .
“ There will come a day when it will matter a great deal to the lives of people . . . that we will be able to gain access ” to these kinds of locked devices , Comey told reporters during a 2014 briefing . “ I want to have that conversation [ with companies responsible ] before that day comes . ”
Tech firms and security experts have pointed out that the encryption authorities have criticized also prevent cyber-criminals from accessing personal data , and creating pathways for law enforcement also means establishing avenues other people could exploit .
An iPhone 6S ( Kiichiro Sato/AP )
Abdo said that “ it would be terrible ” to potentially weaken encryption for everyone because criminals utilize encrypted devices .
“ Technology is like anything else , ” Abdo said . “ It can be used for good and it can be used for bad . But we do n't outlaw cars just because they make crime easier , and we should n't outlaw strong encryption just because criminals use it . ”
As Apple and the federal government have made their arguments in open letters , court filings and media interviews , both sides have gained backers .
A wave of major companies — including Google , Facebook , Twitter and Microsoft — have said they support Apple 's argument that there is a difference between helping law enforcement with an investigation and providing authorities a back door into user data . Law enforcement groups in California and representing officers nationwide filed their own briefs backing the Justice Department .
[ Justice Dept . appeals ruling in another case involving a locked iPhone ]
In the filing from the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , Association of Prosecuting Attorneys and National Sheriffs ' Association , these groups quoted Vance 's report and described “ real world , on-the-ground implications ” for this case .
These groups cited several other cases where they said data on phones proved crucial to investigations . They also pointed to a story on this blog about how police are unable to access the locked iPhone of a pregnant woman who was shot and killed in Louisiana last year , something authorities say is hampering the investigation .
Apple and these law enforcement groups are in agreement on something ; both sides point out the tech company 's history of helping with investigations .
Tim Cook , Apple 's chief executive , wrote in their high-profile letter blasting the FBI 's request that the company “ complies with valid subpoenas and search warrants . ”
The law enforcement groups backing the FBI wrote in their legal brief that the company “ has been a valuable partner ” in a number of cases that proved guilt or innocence . “ For many years , Apple has provided crucial and commendable assistance to law enforcement , ” the brief stated . “ Apple has changed course in a single — but a crucial — way . ”
Cook , for their part , has pointed to the other cases where authorities have said they want more access to phone in arguing that this debate is about more than the locked iPhone . The FBI 's director has acknowledged that the case could set a precedent .
“ It 's not about one phone , ” Cook told Time magazine in an interview published this week . “ It 's very much about the future . ”
Related :
Why Apple is in a historic fight with the government over an iPhone
Apple says the Founding Fathers would be ‘ appalled ' with the Justice Dept .
The Justice Dept . says Apple 's arguments are just ‘ a diversion '
Chapter Text
Siha .
Commander Kalissa Shepard rolled the word over in their mind as the elevator made the long , upward climb to their personal quarters .
Siha .
How many times had they heard that word in the past few months ? Dozens , probably , and yet they never remembered to ask what it meant . It was an oversight on their part . An oversight that they were currently regretting .
An oversight that they could easily remedy .
By the time that the elevator 's door hissed open to revel the short corridor that lead to their personal quarters , Kalissa had made their decision : it was time to see if a certain meddler felt like talking .
Determined steps led the Commander from the lift and into their cabin where they immediately sat down at their desk , folding their hands before their face and resting their elbows upon its smooth surface . The position was nearly identical to the one that Thane seemed to favor for their meditations , but that was n't surprising considering who they were waiting for .
It was n't a very long wait .
Within moments of their arrival , the soft sounds of their fish tank faded away , the light breeze caused by their cabin 's life support systems stopped , and the stars that made up the world beyond their skylight ceased their motions . Time was standing still for the rest of the universe .
As Kalissa studied the now motionless stars outside of the glass window in their cabin 's ceiling , their newly arrived visitor asked a simple question : `` Do you truly want me to tell you what it means ? ''
The query made the Normandy 's Commander turned around to face their guest and bright-green , human eyes met the sea-green ones of a drell . When that happened , the words that Kalissa had been about to say died on their lips , stolen away by a memory of a deep voice and another set of green , drell eyes .
Someday , I 'll tell you what it means .
He 'd promised and they knew that he 'd keep that promise . Searching out the answer from another , even the one who 'd first given them the title , suddenly seemed like a betrayal of their trust .
She 'd wait .
Even as Kalissa whispered the words , `` Never mind , '' they knew that a part of her , the part that always wanted to know everything , was going to regret this .
She 'd made their choice , though , and goddesses ? They do n't let you change your mind .
The design of the tailings pond dam at the Mount Polley mine that collapsed catastrophically last summer failed to address the unstable foundation on which it sits , a flaw that was compounded over the many years that the dam was repeatedly raised to accommodate a growing lake of toxic waste .
`` It was a loaded gun , because the design of the dam was incorrect , '' Mines Minister Bill Bennett said on Friday after an expert panel released a report saying the structure collapsed because it was built on a foundation underlain with glacial silt .
The dam at Imperial Metals Corp. 's Mount Polley Mine operated for years without the design flaw being detected , raising concerns that other B.C . mines may have the same problem . As a result , Mr. Bennett has ordered all currently operating mines in the province to inspect the foundations of their tailings pond dams – 123 in total – to determine if similar unsafe conditions exist .
Story continues below advertisement
`` If we encounter a situation where there may be similar circumstances that require additional work to be done , [ mines officials ] will make sure the dam is safe , '' they told reporters . `` We have to take all the steps necessary to ensure this does n't happen again . ''
That could be a setback for the B.C . Liberal government , which is promoting rapid expansion of mining with three new mines set to open this year . In response to the Mount Polley report , the province is considering new , more costly regimes to improve safety .
Norbert Morgenstern , who headed the panel , said the failure at Mount Polley can be traced to the original design , and government inspections could not have detected the fault . However , the panel is recommending a tougher regulatory environment , stricter design requirements and the use of independent review boards to oversee tailings facilities and improve safety .
The report said the initial dam was completed in 1997 , and almost every year , the operators added to its height . As the load increased , that unstable foundation became weaker . Compounding the problem , in 2006 , the operator ran out of rock fill , the material it used in construction . To compensate , it changed the slope of the dam to a steeper angle , an interim measure that was never corrected .
`` We have gone ahead and built on this weak layer [ of glacial silt ] , loading the gun , '' Mr. Morgenstern said . `` Building the steep slope pulled the trigger . ''
Glacial silt is a fine sediment deposited by retreating glaciers . It is less stable than other layers such as rock or compact soil .
There was no warning when a perimeter section of the dam collapsed in the early hours of Aug. 4 , they said . `` There were people working at the foot of the structure hours before , '' they noted . `` There was nothing to see . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Opposition leader John Horgan said the report suggests a staggering failure in governance . `` The design was flawed , but every time they amended that design – 13 times – government had an opportunity to revisit the design to ensure the public interest was protected , and they did n't do that . This was a preventable accident . ''
When the foundation beneath the perimeter dam gave way , the pressure of water and tailings tore a gaping hole in the structure and released 10 million cubic metres of contaminated water into the waterways below .
The scale of the disaster was due in part to an `` acute '' surplus of water stored behind the dam . As a final irony , the report notes , plans were under way to add a buttress . Had that been completed before Aug. 4 , `` the dam would have survived . ''
The panel was asked to look only at the technical reasons for the dam failure , and it carefully avoids assigning blame . However , the report says there were ambiguities in the safety requirements , and that it is `` disconcerting '' that geotechnical engineers associated with the tailings facility never questioned the adequacy of the original site investigation .
The incremental construction of the dam , the report says , `` is in many ways a story of too little , too late . ''
Imperial Metals spokesperson Steve Robertson said the panel 's determination of the cause of the breach agreed with the results of the company 's own investigation . `` The construction of our tailings storage facility was always in compliance with the design by the engineer of record , '' they added .
Story continues below advertisement
Two other investigations are ongoing that could lead to charges or fines .
Pierre Gratton , president and CEO of The Mining Association of Canada , said the industry largely operates without incident , but is taking the Mount Polley report very seriously . `` A tailings failure is unacceptable . However , it is important to note that every day , there are hundreds of mines safely operating tailings facilities in Canada , '' they said .
In Alaska , where there are concerns about a flurry of new mines being built in B.C . along the border , the report was seen as proof of an environmental threat .
`` The Mount Polley disaster is a stark example of B.C . 's flight attendantship of a project that the government and the developer claimed was safe . We ca n't let a similar accident taint the rivers of the transboundary region along the border between northwest B.C . and Southeast Alaska , '' said Mark Jensen , mayor of Petersburg , one of southeast Alaska 's largest fishing communities .
THE purported class action lawsuit against the City of Sydney 's Bourke Street cycleway has collapsed , with the lawyer involved admitting they act for one company , not the claimed 102 .
John Mahony of Mahony Dominic Lawyers sent a letter of demand to the council on July 30 and claimed to act for 102 businesses adversely affected by the cycleway .
The list includes the Australian Museum , Virgin Atlantic , Fitness Australia Ltd , Amanda Simons , Schenker , Westpac and Fairfax Media , the publisher of the Herald . These companies were not aware Mr Mahony had used their names . They have written to them demanding to be removed from the list .
The chief executive of the City of Sydney , Monica Barone , said `` the alarm bells began ringing '' when they saw in the letter names of companies that had supported the cycleway .
Frank Howarth , the director of the Australian Museum , said Mr Mahony or their firm had never approached the museum .
LOS ANGELES—Fondly imagining themselves having their own cubicle in the office that will be rented out to a different business by spring , Cordcrusher Media intern Nicole Dunn , 21 , told reporters Monday she 's hoping to land a full-time position at the company that will not exist in eight months . “ Cordcrusher has a good track record of promoting from within , and a bunch of people here have told me I 'm doing well , so I think I 've got a great shot of staying on long-term , ” said Dunn of the online news and culture site that will , in less than three financial quarters , release a public statement declaring bankruptcy , abruptly call its employees into an all-staff meeting , and alert them that they are being let go without any severance packages . “ I 'm trying not to get my hopes up too high , but I could really see myself staying with this company for a long time. ” Dunn went on to mention specific perks at Cordcrusher they were excited to take advantage of , including the cushy sofas located throughout the workspace , mini refrigerators full of soft drinks , and the high-tech equipment in the office 's media rooms that will all be sold at future auctions in order to recoup some of the company 's $ 15 million debt .
Advertisement
Even if you do n't know anything about Russia , you probably know that there 's kind of a bit of a problem with organized crime there . Alexander Gentelev knows that and a lot more , which is why they decided to make a documentary about the explosion of organized crime in Russia following the break-up of the Soviet Union . Thieves By Law also looks at the origins of the modern-day Mafia in the thieves ' code of the old Soviet Union , a code everyone in the criminal underworld was bound by .
People like Vitali Dyomochka , who looks like John Malkovich playing Nosferatu , always wears black polo necks and talks a lot about honor and a murder they once committed . Another of the stars , Alimzhan Tokhtakhunov , is a luxury-obsessed Uzbek who pads around their ornate mansion in slippers that say “ made it in life ” on them .
The Russian Mafia is an international organization embedded in every part of Russian life . In the 90s , racketeers became business people . One subject interviewed challenges us to “ show me one person in Russia who does n't have a criminal record , ” while another describes themselves as a `` law-abiding citizen . '' In the logic of 21st century Russia , that makes perfect sense . These thieves are state-sanctioned and pretty honest about that . In a way , it 's kind of laudable of them to explain to us what the hell is really going on . I got in touch with director Alexander Gentelev .
VICE : Can you explain what being a `` thief by law '' means ?
Alexander Gentelev : The term `` thieves by law , '' which refers to the uppermost echelon of the Russian criminal world , was born in the 30s . Some people say it might have something to do with `` Chekists , '' or the early Soviet secret service ( what later became the KGB ) . At first , thieves by law followed a strict code : a thief by law had to serve time in jail , and had no right to have a family , a registered address , or belongings , surviving only by criminal means . They 'd discuss their dealings at congresses and wielded huge power in prisons . Their word was the decider . Today , everything has changed , and lots of their rules are n't followed . But to this day this world is closed off , and a lot of what we know about it is only via hearsay .
So how did you get access to the stars of your film ?
Through journalists we knew and just friends of friends . It took a lot of time .
Why do you think Russia has this problem with high-level crime ?
Since the mid-90s , the organized crime world has strived to transform itself into legalized business . In Russia today , in my opinion , the biggest problem is corruption .
The guys in your film do n't seem all that friendly . Were you scared at any point ?
Not really . The only thing I was afraid of was that they 'd say , `` Enough . I 'm sick of filming . ''
Britain is familiar with the cuddlier face of oligarchs—people like Roman Abramovich , who does n't look like the life and soul of the party but probably has n't killed anybody , are often in the news . How do you think they are connected to the `` thieves by law '' ?
I do n't know Roman Abramovich , so that 's a question for him . But I think that big oligarchs probably did n't require the services of thieves , even under the law of criminal authorities . Oligarghs were strong enough on their own . They only needed connections in government and politics .
What did you learn about the importance of tattoos in this culture ?
Unfortunately , the scenes about tattoo culture did n't make it into the film . A long time ago tattoos had a big role to play in the criminal world . You could tell the status of a criminal just by looking at their tattoos—how much time they 'd served and what for , etc .
Your stars are very much `` in demand . '' It seems weird for people who are on the run from Interpol to agree to be in a feature film . How do they avoid being caught ?
First of all , not all of them are on the run . For now , Interpol is only looking for Alimzhan Tokhtakhunov . For this reason they ca n't leave Russia , but in Russia he 's a patron of the arts and a business person , and the Russian government has no qualms with him .
Can you explain the relationship between people who describe themselves in the film as `` business people '' and the Mafia ?
There 's a lot on this topic in the film . The protagonists discuss this . In the late 80s to early 90s , during the birth of business in the ex-Soviet states and Russia , many people rushed to start up their own private businesses . At the same time , lots of criminal groups appeared , which had nothing to do with the thieves by law . Criminal groups were warring with each other over their sphere of influence . They harbored business people who would pay them protection fees , and the criminals in turn felt the extra cash would help protect them from the other criminal bosses . This is when the great criminal war first started .
What happened in the great criminal war ?
Everyone got killed .
You can watch Thieves By Law in its entirety below :
by
President Obama declared in their victory address on election night , “ Democracy in a nation of 300 million can be noisy and messy and complicated . . . We want our children to live in an America that is n't burdened by debt , that is n't weakened by inequality , that is n't threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet. ” Those were powerful words . But they must be followed with action .
When they thanked their campaign workers , the former community organizer spoke emotionally from the heart . They ran an incredible grassroots campaign , which must now be turned into a movement to work with Occupy and other progressive groups to effect real change .
Glenn Greenwald warned in The Guardian that progressives are bound to be disappointed again in Obama because we will be under pressure to conform when our demand that they not agree to cut Social Security or Medicare as part of a “ grand bargain ” does not succeed .
But recall that in 1940 , the great labor leader A. Philip Randolph prevailed upon FDR to improve the conditions of blacks and workers . The President responded , “ I agree with everything you have said . Now make me do it . ”
It is up to us to make Obama do it . How we get the President to do the right things are the challenges we face . What we do know is that those who mobilized to defeat Romney and Ryan should not demobilize . Those progressive constituencies that supported the President must come together to speak with one voice on key issues .
During the presidential election , many progressives were hesitant to vote for Barack Obama . They could not forget that they bailed out the huge banks with no accountability for the white-collar criminals who wreaked so much havoc on our economy while at the same time providing no relief for those whose homes were being foreclosed . Nor could they countenance Obama 's use of drones to summarily execute untold numbers of people , including many civilians . Progressives were upset that Obama failed to close Guantanamo , continuing to hold many people in indefinite detention without criminal charges . We were outraged that the President wanted to look forward and not hold any of those who authorized and committed torture accountable . They neglected to mention poverty during the campaign , despite the fact that 42.6 million people live below the poverty line in the United States . Obama also deported record numbers of undocumented immigrants and continued the Bush policy of warrantless eavesdropping .
Before the election , Marjorie Cohn joined Daniel Ellsberg , Cornel West , Frances Fox Piven , Barbara Ehrenreich , Jim Hightower , Norman Solomon and Jeff Cohen in issuing a call to progressive voters who were conflicted to ensure that we make defeating Romney a priority : “ If you live in a close state , defeat Romney and their right-wing policies by voting Obama/Biden . If you live in a state where the outcome will be lopsided , you 're in a position to send a loud and clear vote of protest against Obama policies you oppose . ”
We “ consistently challenged Obama policies ( on civil liberties , war and bloated military spending , environment , potential cuts to Social Security and Medicare , to name a few ) ” but we knew “ that the policies of a Romney/Ryan administration would be worse on many issues and better on none . Consider Romney 's recent vow to ‘ change course ' toward even more war-mongering in the Middle East . Or their profound differences on abortion rights and Supreme Court picks . ”
The rest is history . President Obama was reelected handily , the only Democrat besides Franklin D. Roosevelt to win two terms with a majority of the popular vote . Women , gays , African-Americans , Asian-Americans , Latinos , youth , and poor people understood the greater dangers of a Romney presidency . Obama prevailed in eight of the nine swing states . Although efforts to suppress the vote in communities of color in those swing states backfired , we know voter suppression is very real . Karl Rove & Co. used millions of dollars thanks to Citizens United to defeat Obama ; luckily those dollars turned out to be ill-spent – on ads and not a comparable “ ground game . ”
Maureen Dowd put it well : “ Last time , Obama lifted up the base with their message of hope and change ; this time the base lifted up Obama with the hope they will change. ” With Obama 's reelection , we must do more than hope that Obama will change . We have a unique opportunity to demand Obama move in a progressive direction .
The Affordable Care Act has survived so we can keep our kids on our health insurance policies until they turn 26 , people with pre-existing conditions will not be denied insurance , and many who could not afford insurance before will be covered . But we must push for universal health care .
Romney can not pack the Supreme Court with more radical right-wingers . But we should pressure Obama to appoint true progressives to the highest court in the land .
Romney can not inflate military spending even more than the 20 percent of the U.S. budget it currently occupies . But we can demand a reduction in military spending , which adds significantly to the deficit , makes us no safer , and leeches money from education and health care .
Whereas Romney sees workers as expendable when it comes to maximizing profit , Obama must see to it that union rights are strengthened . They must also acknowledge the major role unions , union members and union households played in organizing the ground game and for their reelection . The President must commit themselves to finding ways , including using their executive authority , to create good jobs .
Instead of Obama 's unprecedented targeting of whistleblowers , we must urge them to abandon the policies that led to the commission of war crimes that people like Julian Assange and Bradley Manning have exposed .
It is one thing to be pro-choice . Obama must push to make coverage for abortion available in all federal health insurance programs .
Obama took an important step when they issued an executive order preventing the deportation of young people who came to the United States before they were 16 and have lived here continuously for five years . In their second term , Obama should end discrimination and racial profiling by the Department of Homeland Security and the mass arrests and detentions of immigrants . They should also work on comprehensive immigration reform that includes a reasonable pathway to citizenship .
We must hold Obama to their pledge to protect Medicare and Social Security no matter how tempting it may be to weaken them in the impending deal to prevent us from going over the proverbial but not real “ fiscal cliff. ” Obama should also be pressured to stick to their self-proclaimed mandate to make the rich pay higher taxes .
To help prevent another economic meltdown , Obama ought to push for strong regulation , especially in the banking and financial sectors of the economy . A financial transactions tax on Wall Street , hedge funds , etc. , targeted to job creation and infrastructure must be seriously considered .
The United States is a key player in the global economy . But the free trade regimes we have followed have only promoted growing inequality in this country and countries with whom we trade . We need fair trade that includes protections for workers , human rights and the environment .
In order to work seriously to protect our environment , Obama must push for a heavy tax on carbon emissions and major regulation of coal , oil and gas companies . They must demand transition to renewables before it is too late to stop the ravages of storms like Hurricanes Katrina and Sandy .
During their first campaign , Obama pledged to immediately “ let folks know ” whether the products they consume contain genetically modified organisms ( GMO 's ) by proper labeling . They have not yet made good on that promise despite overwhelming public support for labeling GMO 's . Large corporations , including Monsanto , spent $ 50 million to defeat Proposition 37 in California , which would have required such labeling .
Although Obama has resisted Benjamin Netanyahu 's demands that the United States draw a red line to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapons capability , Obama has imposed punishing sanctions that are devastating to the Iranian people , and not necessarily targeted to the nuclear program , while not saying a word about Israel 's nuclear arsenal . They must not pander to the right-wing Israeli government on Iran or sacrifice the rights of Palestinians .
After the election , Bill O'Reilly noted , “ The white establishment is now the minority. ” They were not talking about the white working class , but rather the white elite that has run our institutions since the country 's founding . O'Reilly continued , “ And the voters , many of them , feel that this economic system is stacked against them , and they want stuff. ” These comments betray their racism and racial stereotypes because it was clear that the people they claimed “ wanted stuff ” were people of color . We need to reaffirm that all people have a right to live in a society in which the economy serves their interests , and that people are entitled to basic human rights . As stated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , human rights include economic rights – the right to a decent job , to organize and join unions , to a good education and quality health care , adequate housing , and to economic security when people become aged or disabled .
While the President can always blame an obstructionist Congress for the need to “ compromise , ” the way they set the terms of the debate will invariably determine the outcome .
We know that President Obama , like any president of the United States , faces immense pressures from Wall Street ( bankers ) , the Chamber of Commerce , the Military Industrial ( Congressional ) Complex , the Prison Industrial Complex , and the insurance , fossil fuel and gun industries . All of these lobbies seek to promote their own interests – including the rights of capital over labor , criminalization of broad segments of society , reliance on carbon-based energy sources and wars to obtain them . They aim to profit from health care and privatize as much as possible , and to ensure that people do not believe they have any entitlements to health care or social security .
These are the many reasons to organize to make Obama do the right thing . But the burden is not only on the President . The burden is on us to organize the counter-pressure through all of the progressive constituencies . It is a challenge we must embrace .
Marjorie Cohn is a professor at Thomas Jefferson School of Law and past president of the National Lawyers Guild .
Jeanne Mirer , who practices labor and employment law in New York , is president of the International Association of Democratic Lawyers .
WASHINGTON — Thom Tillis 's victory Tuesday in the North Carolina Republican Senate primary sets up a campaign against Senator Kay Hagan , a first-term Democrat , in what will be one of the nation 's most contentious and expensive races in the battle to win control of Congress .
Mr. Tillis 's conservative record as the state House speaker helped to propel them to 46 percent of the vote , enough to avoid a runoff . The challenge for Ms. Hagan , considered one of the more vulnerable Democrats in the country , will be to persuade voters that their opponent 's views are out of the mainstream in the state whose political leanings over all have become more moderate in recent years .
In an interview Wednesday morning , Mr. Tillis offered a preview of their likely response to attacks from Democrats about their tenure as speaker . “ It 's a contrast between them adding taxes , adding regulations while we 're cutting taxes and reducing regulations , ” they told MSNBC 's Chuck Todd .
But Chris Hayden , a spokesperson for Ms. Hagan 's campaign , said , “ Tillis is wasting no time proving to the outside special interests who dragged them to the finish line last night that they will be their proxy in their war against North Carolina 's middle-class families . ”
Thank you for joining us for the 43rd annual Cider Days !
We look forward to seeing you next year
Let us know what you thought of this year 's event by taking a brief survey .
Celebrating Lakewood 's agricultural heritage with an entertaining mix of live performances , activities and tasty harvest treats , Cider Days offers fun and excitement for the entire family ! This year 's event will include tractor pulls and vintage power displays , wagon and barrel train rides along with other children 's activities , historic demonstrations and a unique variety of exhibitors and vendors . A Cider Days festival would n't be complete without everything apple – including apple pressing , apple cider by the glass or gallon , Apple Annie 's Baking Challenge ( Sunday only ) and more . Cider Days hosts the same great experience both Saturday and Sunday , and your admission covers all activities and entertainment .
Tickets
Tickets will be available both in advance and during the festival on both Saturday and Sunday . Each ticket includes all amusements and entertainment .
Advanced Adult Admission : $ 6 ( fees may apply when purchasing online )
Day Of Adult Admission : $ 8
Child Admission : $ 5
Adult Admission + Hard Cider Tasting : Advanced $ 30 ( fees may apply when purchasing online ) / Day of $ 38
Includes… An open tasting of 50+ hard ciders Commemorative tasting glass General Admission to Cider Days Children will be permitted in the tasting zone .
Includes…
Advance tickets are available at the following outlets :
ONLINE ( fees may apply )
( fees may apply ) BY PHONE at ( 303 ) 987-7845
at ( 303 ) 987-7845 IN PERSON at the Lakewood Heritage Center Visitor Center ( 801 S. Yarrow , Lakewood , CO 80226 ) during applicable business hours . Tuesday – Saturday from 10 a.m. – 4 p.m .
at the Lakewood Heritage Center Visitor Center ( 801 S. Yarrow , Lakewood , CO 80226 ) during applicable business hours . Tuesday – Saturday from 10 a.m. – 4 p.m . IN PERSON at the Lakewood Cultural Center Box Office ( 470 S. Allison Parkway , Lakewood , CO 80226 ) during applicable business hours . Monday – Friday 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. and Saturday 10 a.m. – 2 p.m .
Getting There
Directions ( from Denver ) : Follow 6th Ave to CO-121 S/Wadsworth Blvd in Lakewood . Take the CO-121 S/Wadsworth Blvd exit from US-6 W. Follow CO-121 S/Wadsworth Blvd to Alameda Ave. OR Virginia Ave . Turn west onto Alameda or Virginia and follow event parking signage and staff . NOTE : Ohio Avenue will be closed . Please access the event parking via Alameda Avenue or Virginia Ave .
Follow 6th Ave to CO-121 S/Wadsworth Blvd in Lakewood . Take the CO-121 S/Wadsworth Blvd exit from US-6 W. Follow CO-121 S/Wadsworth Blvd to Alameda Ave. OR Virginia Ave . Turn west onto Alameda or Virginia and follow event parking signage and staff . NOTE : Ohio Avenue will be closed . Please access the event parking via Alameda Avenue or Virginia Ave . Parking : FREE parking is available at the Lakewood Heritage , along South Yarrow Street , and in the Tedford Business Office Complex . Overflow parking is available at the Lakewood Cultural Center and the Lakewood Police Department ( with FREE shuttle service ) . Directional signage will be placed specifically to direct patrons to the parking locations .
FREE parking is available at the Lakewood Heritage , along South Yarrow Street , and in the Tedford Business Office Complex . Overflow parking is available at the Lakewood Cultural Center and the Lakewood Police Department ( with FREE shuttle service ) . Directional signage will be placed specifically to direct patrons to the parking locations . Shuttles : Shuttles run continually throughout the festival ( 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. ) between the parking lots and the Lakewood Heritage Center . Shuttles stops are located at the Lakewood Cultural Center , the Lakewood Commons Bus Station , and the top lot of our Lakewood Police Department parking lot . Pets are not permitted on the shuttle buses . Shuttle service ends at 5:30 p.m .
Parking Map
( click to enlarge )
Bike to Cider Days !
Ride your bike to Cider Days , and we 'll store it for you while you enjoy the festival . Drop your bike at the Bike Valet located in front of the Lakewood Heritage Center Visitor Center ( at 801 S Yarrow Street ) , and we 'll check it for safe keeping until 5pm both days . See map above for exact location .
See below for recommended bike routes to take to the festival :
From the North by way of Garrison Street .
From the South , by way of Florida Ave .
From the East , Martindale area & Sheridan Blvd .
From the West , Glennon Heights area .
Cider Days Bike Valet is presented to you in partnership with Bicycle Colorado , Golden Bear Bikes , Lakewood Bicycle Advisory Team & Save the ‘ Zone .
Follow us on Facebook for updates . Follow the fun on social media with # LakewoodCiderDays
FAQ
View the Cider Days FAQ .
Back to Top
Experience
Bonfils-Stanton Foundation Amphitheater
11-11:45 a.m. Top Hogs ( trick pigs ) Noon-12:45 p.m. Jack 's Axe Throwing 1-1:45 p.m. Top Hogs 2-2:24 p.m. Jack 's Axe Throwing 3-3:45 p.m. Top Hogs 4-4:45 p.m. Axe Throwing Tournament
Gala Gazebo
Presented by the Colorado Media School
Saturday
Sunday 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Roz Brown 10-11 a.m. Apple Annie 's Baking Challenge Pro-Judging 1-2 p.m. Magic Show by Ed Aragoni 11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Apple Annie 's Baking Challenge People 's Choice Judging 3-4 p.m. Pie Eating Contest ( Adults & Kids Round ) 1 p.m . Winners of Baking Challenge Announced 1:30-2:30 p.m. Magic Show by Ed Aragoni 3-4 p.m. Pie Eating Contest ( Adult & Kids Round )
Honeycrisp Stage
Bluegrass and folk music all day long !
* All entertainment is INCLUDED in admission ticket price .
Kids Amusements
Enjoy amusements including the following all around the festival ( all amusements are INCLUDED in admission ticket price ) : New this year : get lost in our straw bale maze !
Face Painting ( Apple themes are FREE )
Kids Craft Zone
Magician & Balloon Artist
Petting Zoo & Burro Rides
Horse Wagon & Train Rides Historical Demonstrations
Enjoy unique and timeless historical demonstrations including ( but not limited to ) : Blacksmithing
Wood carving
Lace making
Crocheting
Quilting
Knitting
Rug Hooking
Embroidery
Weaving & spinning wheels
Sawmilling
Vintage sewing machine
Chair caning
Antique vehicles & tractors
Butter churning Check out all craft demonstrations in the Calving Barn & Country Schoolhouse ! Apple Annie 's Baking Challenge ( Sunday Only )
Join Apple Annie on Sunday under the Gazebo from 10:30-12:30pm where amateur chefs are encouraged to show off their baked apple goodies ! Festival attendees can taste the entries and vote on who THEY think should win the People 's Choice Award , while a pro-judging panel will evaluate each entry based on a list of criteria . Bakers can win exciting prizes from Ela Family Farms , Colorado Cider Co & much more ( plus $ 100 cash prize & season tickets to the 2019 Sounds Exciting ! Summer Concert Series for the first place winner ) ! Think you 've got what it takes ? Complete & submit our entry form by Wednesday , October 3 to compete in Apple Annie 's Baking Challenge ! Apple Pie Eating Contest
Join us for the annual Apple Pie Eating Contest ! Drop your name in the entry bowl anytime between 10:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. at the Gazebo for a chance to participate . Separate contests for children and adults ( 12+ ) feature exciting apple themed prizes . Contest begins at 3:00 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday ! Other Apple Activities & Products for Purchase We 've got apples galore ! Purchase freshly baked apple crisp in the 1930 's Farm House
Adults can sip on Hard Cider from the beer garden
Enjoy the bountiful spread grown & produced right here in Colorado from Ela Family Farms
Partake in FREE apple pressing behind the Calving Barn
Visit the Organic Cider Booths to sip on either cold or hot apple cider
Enter to participate in the Apple Pie Eating Contest
Kids do n't miss the chance to get free apple designs from the face painter !
Purchase locally baked apple pie from Granny Scott 's Pie Shop
Help judge Apple Annie 's Baking Challenge by tasting baked goods from armature bakers ( Sunday only )
Purchase locally baked apple donuts from Yummy 's Donut House
Our food vendors are pulling out all the stops ! Indulge in caramel apples , apple lollipops , apple turnovers , cinnamon apple funnel cake , caramel apple gelato and even caramel apple cinnamon strudel pizza !
Sample spiced apple wassail from Colorado Wassail Company And stay tuned for more to come… Colorado 's Largest Tractor Pull
Join the Rocky Mountain Tractor Pullers Association in Colorado 's largest tractor pull . The tractor pull takes place throughout the festival ( 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. ) both Saturday and Sunday . Hard Cider Tasting ( Separate Ticket Needed , Tickets are Limited ! )
Join the Colorado Cider Guild in Colorado 's largest “ Hard Cider Tasting ” . Enjoy over 50 delicious hard ciders from around the region and world ! Adult Admission + Hard Cider Tasting Package is $ 30 if purchased in advance ( fees may apply ) and $ 38 the day of . But buy soon ; tickets WILL sell out ! Must be 21+ to purchase tasting tickets
Unlimited tasting & commemorative glass
Tickets are sold online and at the box office while supplies last
Tasting open from noon – 4 p.m. , both Saturday and Sunday
Proceeds benefit the Colorado Cider Guild
Children will be permitted to enter with their parent/guardian The Beer Garden
Do n't miss Lakewood 's new Beer Garden ( presented by Foothills Credit Union ) , featuring Lakewood-brewed craft beer , lawn games and more . Enjoy beer , cider and wine from local favorites including : Colorado Cider Company , WestFax Brewing Company , Great Frontier Brewing Company , Landlocked Ales , Ironworks Brewery & Pub , Green Mountain Beer Company and Infinite Monkey Theorem . Proceeds benefit the Kiwanis Interclub Partnership .
Follow us on Facebook for updates
Follow the fun on social media with # LakewoodCiderDays
Back to Top
Get Involved
Vendors and Exhibitors
Booth space at Cider Days is currently filled and we are no longer accepting vendor applications for this event , please check back in June of 2019 !
Volunteers
Are you interested in volunteering at the Cider Days Festival ? Please contact Karla Grahn at ( 303-987-7868 ) or ( kargra @ lakewood.org ) .
Sponsors
Are you interested in becoming a sponsor of the Cider Days Festival ? Thank you for your interest ! Please visit the City of Lakewood 's Community Partnership page for additional information .
Back to Top
A round of apple-ause to our 2018 Sponsors ...
... and Partners !
Back to Top
If you have accessibility needs , please contact us at least 48 hours in advance so that we can do our best to make the proper accommodations .
Livingston 's Myles Hippolyte ( third right ) scored their side 's equalising goal
A dogged and determined performance earned Livingston a point against Scottish Championship leaders Rangers .
Rangers enjoyed the bulk of possession and went ahead through Jason Holt when they pounced on a loose ball .
Livingston had few opportunities of their own , but crucially took one of them - Miles Hippolyte beating Wes Foderingham from just outside the box .
Rangers pressed for a winning goal , but the home side held firm .
The slip-up from Mark Warburton 's side allows Hibs to draw level on 37 points at the top of the Championship , though Rangers still have a game in hand and boast a healthier goal difference .
Livingston had shown during the week against Hibernian they would not be steam-rollered and so it proved in the early stages against the league leaders .
Rangers ' dominance of possession was converted into something tangible , though , when Holt edged them in front with their third goal in their last five league matches .
The midfielder 's arrival into the penalty area was perfectly timed to pick up on a loose ball after Declan Gallacher had cut out Barrie McKay 's pass intended for Martyn Waghorn .
Holt made the most of their good fortune by coolly slotting the ball low past goalkeeper Marc McCallum .
Livingston did not buckle , however , and claimed strongly for a penalty when Jordyn Sheerin 's shot looked to have struck Rob Kiernan on the arm .
Having survived a curling McKay shot off a post , the home side should have been level on the stroke of half-time when Jordan White headed straight at Foderingham from point-blank range .
However , they did not have to wait for long after the break to tie things up . Ben Gordon was allowed to step out of defence and advance on the Rangers goal and though their shot was blocked , Hippolite - much like Holt earlier - was ideally positioned to gather and guide a shot past Foderingham .
That was reward for Livingston 's industry and organisation and those traits continued to serve them well , though Rangers did force McCallum into good saves to deny Andy Halliday and Kenny Miller .
Waghorn , McKay and Miller all had further chances to win it for Rangers , but all were disappointed .
Source : Michigan State University Extension
Given the projected market prices and current production costs for corn and soybeans , some producers may alter their long-term rotation plans by increasing soybean acreage in 2015 . In these situations , soybeans will be planted into some fields that were planted to soybeans in 2014 .
Growers considering this practice can expect a 5 % yield loss compared to soybeans planted after corn due to the rotation effect . However , plant stress caused by environmental conditions , diseases or insects can easily increase yield losses to 20 % or more . This article will list the principle challenges and risks of planting second-year soybeans and provide some management recommendations for mitigating them .
Diseases , including soybean cyst nematodes ( SCN ) , present the largest risk to second-year soybeans . The best strategy is to avoid planting soybeans into fields that were infested with white mold , sudden death syndrome ( SDS ) or SCN in 2014 . These are soil-borne pathogens that have the potential to cause large yield losses in the 2015 crop as well as future soybean crops . However , if you plan to plant soybeans into fields that were infested with white mold , SCN or SDS , consider the recommendations provided below .
Variety selection is your first line of defense when planting into fields infested with white mold , SDS or SCN . Try selecting varieties that have the highest level of resistance you can obtain for the identified challenge . Seed companies typically use a scale of 1-9 when rating the disease resistance or tolerance of their varieties . Read the scale carefully as 1 is excellent and 9 is poor in some catalogs , while in others it is the opposite . These ratings are useful when comparing varieties from a given company . However , they should not be used to compare varieties from different companies .
If you must plant soybeans into a field that was infested with white mold in 2014 , be prepared for the possibility of large yield losses if extended periods of cool and wet weather occur from late June to early August . These losses may be reduced by the following management practices :
Select resistant varieties .
Reduce planting rates .
Plant in wide rows .
Plant varieties from a range of maturity groups ( early maturing varieties appeared to escape white mold infection or development in 2014 ) .
Select and apply foliar fungicides properly .
Keep in mind the additional foliar fungicide applications will increase production costs .
If you plan to plant soybeans into a field that was infested with SCN in 2014 , yield losses , SCN populations and the risk of developing a resistant SCN population type may increase . The potential for these outcomes occurring can be reduced by implementing the following management practices :
Collect soil samples from each field and submit them to Michigan State University Diagnostic Services for the standard SCN analysis and the SCN type test if yields have been declining .
for the standard SCN analysis and the SCN type test if yields have been declining . Select SCN-resistant varieties . Ideally , the variety planted in 2015 should carry a different source of resistance than the variety planted in 2014 . If this is not possible , planting a different variety with the same source of resistance has been shown to delay the development of resistant SCN populations .
The potential for seedling diseases such as Pythium and Phytophthora may increase in second-year soybeans . Planting after soil temperatures reach 60 F reduces the risk from Pythium and the use of resistant or tolerant varieties is the preferred management strategy for Phytophthora . Effective seed treatments for these diseases are also available .
Pay attention to soil fertility and base fertilizer applications on recent soil tests . Many Michigan soybean producers apply phosphorus and potassium fertilizers prior to planting corn and let the following soybean crop scavenge for these nutrients . This works well on finer-textured soils when enough fertilizer is supplied to meet the needs of both crops .
Do n't forget to apply the recommended potassium fertilizer when soybeans will be planted instead of corn in 2015 as potassium contributes to disease resistance .
Insect problems are not typically increased in second-year soybeans . Producers should scout all soybean fields for bean leaf beetles and soybean aphids .
There is potential for soil quality to be degraded by not staying with a corn-soybean rotation in 2015 as corn and wheat are the only two field crops that can build soil organic matter levels . The reduction in residue cover in second-year soybeans also increases the risk of soil loss due to erosion . Second-year soybeans should not be planted on sloping fields with low organic matter levels .
Changing crop rotation , especially shortening it , is an important decision as it will have long-term effects on pest populations and soil quality . Make sure the benefits exceed the risks and manage the increased risk with proven practices .
The 31-year-old started Barça 's 1-0 La Liga win at former club Valencia on Sunday , before being substituted with just over 20 minutes remaining .
And Barça confirmed on Monday that Matheu was absent from training after being struck down by illness .
`` Jeremy Mathieu ... was unable to take part in Monday morning 's training session due to a virus , '' read a club statement .
`` He will return to action as soon as they are feeling better . ''
Barça 's victory at Valencia was sealed by an injury-time winner from Sergio Busquets , with the Catalan club 's attentions now switching to Wednesday 's Copa del Rey round-of-32 first leg against third-tier Huesca .
Coach Luis Enrique will have a full squad to choose from for the game at Estadio El Alcoraz , with the possible exception of Mathieu , who seems likely to be rested .
Last month popular crowd-funding site 'Patreon ' saw a large-scale breach , which lead to the publication of nearly 15 gigabytes of customer data , constructed from names , addresses and donations . While a large amount of data was extracted as a result of this breach , representatives of the site reassured victims that credit card details were never exposed . Other data such as passwords , social security numbers and tax forms were stolen , but were heavily encrypted with a 2048-bit RSA key .
An email is now being distributed to victims of the hack , requesting bitcoins in order to save their leaked data . The extortionist is requesting 1 bitcoin in order to save customer details , which must be sent to a supplied bitcoin address . Upon further investigation it appears that the attached bitcoin address has seen almost no donations . The full version of the email can be viewed below , shared by a victim of the hack .
Everyone whose data got leaked when @ patreon got hacked is getting extortion emails for Bitcoin this morning . pic.twitter.com/xaww1GmZpw — Steve Streza ( @ SteveStreza ) November 21 , 2015
It is unlikely that the above the email has been distributed by an individual related to the hack itself , and is rather a extortionist piggybacking on victim 's privacy concerns . With the recent increase in 'ransomware ' , monetary demands to protect data have started to become a common occurrence . As with many incidents , this is most likely an attempt to scare victims into paying out bitcoin , rather than a danger to privacy . As the leaked data is already public , and the sender has distributed this email with a common bitcoin address , it is safe to assume this is a small threat , if any .
Source : TechCrunch
Somone uploaded child pornography and then reported it to the hosting company .
In the past when things like this have occurred users have reported the content to the site 's administration ( i.e . me ) and I have removed the content quickly . Obviously images like this are in violation of the TOS and will not be tolerated .
This leads me to believe that the person who uploaded the photos is the same person who reported the content .
I 'm attempting to get this resolved but I 'm not sure how long it will take .
EDIT : Hosting account has been terminated , they will not be unsuspecting the account and will not be providing a backup for us to migrate elsewhere .
EDIT 2 : I just want to assure everyone that this is n't the end of slimgr . We have been working on something for the past month to get away from the chevereto infrastructure that the site currently runs on . It was going to be announced late next week but this moved up the timeline and forces us to add the complication of changing web hosts . More information will follow about this over the weekend but I need to have a more in depth conversation with my new partner first about how things are moving forward .
EDIT 3 : please see the new post here [ SLIMGR ] Dark Days are Over
Top 10 Best Player Walk-up Songs In Baseball
Photo : Eric Christian Smith / Stringer ( Getty Images )
Part of the fun of going to a baseball game is jamming out the music , mostly of which is played before each home at-bat .
What some people do n't realize is that those jams are specifically picked by the player , a way of hopefully pumping them up before they face a whizzing 96 mph fastballs go past their face .
Walk-up music was started in the 70s by former Chicago White Sox organist Nancy Faust , who thought it would be neat to play each home player 's state songs before they came to the plate to bat . So , we essentially have Nancy to thank for what we hear today , which is mostly a lot of Drake and AC/DC .
But , here are the best songs throughout Major League Baseball which get the biggest reaction from fans . Songs that either have people jumping up and down wanting more , or , songs that have people laughing , saying to themselves , ‘ What the * & ^ % ? ”
Note that some players have the ability to change their walk-up diddys often . But the following songs have been noted to have appeared for each player at least once this season .
Top 10 Best Player Walk-up Songs In Baseball :
Honorable mention :
Prince Fielder – Texas Rangers : A siren .
Yup . The dude simply plays an air raid siren before going up to bat . It 's certainly one way to get everyone 's attention !
I 've missed you , Prince Fielder , but your walk up music is literally just a siren . pic.twitter.com/bxg4Pljs0S — kerissa ( @ wornwhite ) April 12 , 2015
Chris Sale – Chicago White Sox : “ Come Sail Away ” by Styx .
Only real fans will even notice the cleverness this pitcher uses before their at-bat during inter-league games . But just the piano intro alone might get some ample attention . Well done Chris . Great song for a great pitcher .
R.A. Dickey – Toronto Blue Jays / Noah Syndergaard – New York Mets : “ Game of Thrones ”
Both players use a part of the hit TV show 's theme song/orchestra before their at-bat . For Dickey , in the American League , this comes just a few times a year during inter-league play . Is there really any substitute for a song that makes you feel like an ancient soldier going into battle ?
Francisco Cervelli – Pittsburgh Pirates / Bryce Harper – Washington Nationals : Frank Sinatra & Dean Martin
Cervelli jams to “ That 's Amore ” by Martin while mo-hawk wearing , beard-blazing Bryce Harper gets amped to “ The Best Is Yet To Come ” by Sinatra .
Who knew classic post WWII lounge music could help you hit a home run outside the bedroom ?
Luis Jimenez : Boston Red Sox ( earlier with Milwaukee Brewers ) : “ La Bamba ” by Richie Valens .
Jimenez is back in the minors , but earlier this year played a classic dance tune sure to get everyone moving in the stands .
Troy Tulowitzki – Toronto Blue Jays ( earlier with Colorado Rockies ) : “ The Sign ” by Ace of Base .
90 's sing-along-heaven with that instantly-noticeable intro .
Mark Teixeira – New York Yankees : “ Thriller ” by Michael Jackson
MJ for MT ? Yes , please . One of the all-time greatest songs really is a thrill to hear at the ballpark .
Charlie Blackmon – Colorado Rockies ( with 5 other players ) : “ Your Love ” by the Outfield .
It 's impossible not get a stadium full of people singing this 80s one-hit-wonder every third inning before an at-bat . I 've witnessed it . And it 's glorious .
Zach Walters – Cleveland Indians : “ Let it Go ” by Idena Menzel ( “ Frozen ” soundtrack )
Although Tony Sanchez was likely first , Walters was caught using this Disney favorite . Not only is it great for the kids , but even if you 're an adult , you have to admit that this song is amazing . Hell , any of the “ Frozen ” songs are fantastic . Do n't agree ? Just leave . Now .
Hunter Pence – San Francisco Giants : “ Circle of Life ” by Elton John
Go ahead . Hold up imaginary baby Simba while you make your kid hold your glove . Or , you know , just make your kid Simba .
Zack Greinke – Los Angeles Dodgers : “ Careless Whisper ” by George Michael
Greinke was n't the first to use this song , but the pitcher has certainly carried on the tradition to what started in Oakland as a joke . And it was one that went viral instantly .
Adrian Gonzalez – “ El Mariachi Loco ” by Mariachi Vargas De Tecalitlan .
A Mexican favorite played in Dodger Stadium , this tune will always get loads of people dancing in the stands , including myself . It even got a mention in an ESPN Sunday Night Baseball commercial for heaven 's sake . A-Gon is turning into a local folk-hero , especially with the use of this song .
Josh Helmuth is the editor of CraveOnline Sports .
Photo Credit : Getty
Putting to rest the industry argument that cheap , dirty coal is somehow a solution to extreme global poverty , a coalition of development experts published a new paper on Tuesday arguing that , in fact , coal is one of the major forces driving climate change , which they say is `` the greatest long-term threat to eradicating poverty . ''
The paper , Beyond Coal : scaling up clean energy to fight global poverty ( pdf ) , makes the case that in developing nations , coal has been given `` too much credit for the reduction of extreme poverty . ''
Moreover , the coalition—which includes the Overseas Development Institute ( ODI ) , Oxfam International , and the India-based Vashuda Foundation—argues that the widespread use of coal has had a detrimental impact on poor populations while at the same time contributing the most carbon emissions of any fuel source , hastening dangerous climate change .
`` The immediate human health impacts of coal in the developing world are staggering , particularly for poor people who are the least equipped to deal with the economic burdens of illness , a premature death in the household , or degraded water and land resources , '' the paper notes .
Further , climate change threatens `` to undermine the productivity of both marine and terrestrial food production systems , the main source of income for roughly 2.7 billion people in sub-Saharan Africa , South Asia , Southeast Asia and China . ''
But `` beyond these immediate impacts , '' the paper continues , `` burning coal is also a major driver of the greatest long-term threat to eradicating poverty : climate change . '' The report cites a 2015 study by ODI which found that by 2050 , climate change impacts could draw an estimated 720 million people into extreme poverty .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
`` This is about the same number lifted out of extreme poverty in the last two decades and would thus cancel out much of the progress made in poverty eradication to date , '' Tuesday 's paper notes .
In contrast , safe , renewable energy sources are `` abundant , increasingly reliable , and now cost-competitive with coal , '' the report states . Further , `` It can also be more flexibly deployed and offers greater employment potential . It improves energy security and [ ... ] can deliver energy services to the poorest . ''
`` There are myths that we 're trying to pull up the ladder and deny developing countries the chance to develop the way we did , '' Sarah Wykes , report co-author and the lead analyst on climate change and energy issues for Catholic Agency For Overseas Development ( CAFOD ) , told the Thomson Reuters Foundation . `` But you do n't need these kinds of dirty fuels anymore for economic development . There are much better clean alternatives . ''
The paper comes the same day that the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) announced that renewable energy is expanding a faster rate than expected , largely due to efforts within the United States and China to increase solar and wind capacity . `` We are witnessing a transformation of global power markets led by renewables , '' said IEA executive director Fatih Birol .
The coalition paper calls on all governments to immediately begin phasing out `` all forms of public support for coal capacity expansion , '' and for the richest nations to halt `` all forms of subsidy for fossil fuels . ''
The paper concludes , `` To achieve the ambitions of the Paris Climate Agreement , '' as well as the Sustainable Development Goals to eradicate global poverty and achieve universal access to energy by 2030 `` an urgent shift to renewable and efficient energy systems is required . ''
Note : By submitting this form , you agree to Third Door Media 's terms . We respect your privacy .
Get the most important digital marketing news each day . Sign up for our NEW daily brief .
It 's now possible to be logged on to multiple accounts on Instagram — but only for some . The company finally recognized that many heavy-duty users , including marketers , want to assert their individuality through visual imagery and share their brand 's marketing messages while on the go .
Previously , it was required either to stay committed to one Instagram profile ( normally , that of your employer ) or to log out between photo postings . For marketers who are aggressively active on the photo sharing network , it was hardly ideal , making this a heavily requested feature for years .
Currently , the option is only available for some users across both Android and iOS devices . Android users must join the Instagram beta community to gain access to the new feature , which was rolled out in late 2015. iOS users are receiving the rollout slowly , with many randomly stumbling upon the unexpected feature . Still , only a small number of users seem to be reporting multi-account support .
If you have the feature , the option to log on to another account can be found in the options menu ( top right corner ) and on the bottom of the settings page . Once you 're logged in , you can easily switch between accounts :
Opinions expressed in this article are those of the guest author and not necessarily Marketing Land . Staff authors are listed here .
LOS ANGELES — Without some sort of miracle from above , the Culver City Ice Arena , where the Los Angeles Kings practiced for more than twenty years , starting in the mid-1970 's , is now in its final week of operation , set to close its doors for good on February 2 .
Owners of the property have leased it to Planet Granite , which has announced plans to open a yoga , rock climbing and fitness center in that location .
Even though the chances of keeping the rink open are slim , at best , supporters have launched a campaign to save it , and have bombarded Planet Granite with messages protesting their plans .
“ Since the announcement of the Culver City location , the Planet Granite team has received a great number of e-mails , phone calls and Facebook posts from members of the Culver City and greater L.A. skating community , ” the company said in a statement posted on their blog . “ We are overwhelmed by the depth of feeling within this group . ”
“ Being just as passionately involved in the active community , we sympathize with the loss of this local gathering place , ” the statement continued . “ This outpouring of support over the last week has shown us that Culver City is filled with passionate people who care deeply about this sport . ”
Planet Granite 's statement went on to say that an ice rink does not appear to be financially viable in that location .
“ The skating rink has immense charm , but it is in need of significant work , ” Planet Granite stated . “ The landlords rely on the rent to support themselves and their families . They seek a tenant for their building who can reliably pay a fair rent and properly maintain their building . ”
“ Several parties have had conversations with the landlords , including the owners of the LA Kings , ” the statement continued . “ As Luc Robitaille , the Kings President , has been quoted , this was ‘ a break even proposition , ' at best . Given all the resources of an NHL team , this further calls into question the success and future of an ice rink in this location . ”
Planet Granite was apparently referring to a story by LA Kings Insider Jon Rosen , in which Robitaille was quoted :
We tried in 2009 [ to lease the property ] , and we failed , but I remember telling the owner at the time , “ just make sure it stays a rink. ” This time , we tried again . We went above and beyond . Our expectation was to spend over a million and a half dollars in refurbishing it . The lease went way above where we were really not trying to make money on the deal . We think it 's a break even proposition , plus investing a million and a half , so we feel we got as far as we could go , and apparently , they got a better lease from someone else .
Rosen 's story went on to say that the Kings plans were to renovate the rink and operate it in similar fashion to what they are doing at the LA Kings Valley Ice Center in the San Fernando Valley .
“ The team 's plans for the rink were similar to those that helped re-brand the Valley Ice Center in Panorama City , the LA Kings Valley Ice Center , earlier this decade , ” Rosen reported . “ The club hoped to be involved in the ownership and marketing of the facility and to completely renovate the inside of the facility and the ice surface . ”
Given the Kings ' success with the LA Kings Valley Ice Center , and what they had planned for the Culver City Ice Arena , it appears that Planet Granite took Robitaille 's comment out of context in order to fit their claim that an ice rink was not viable at that location .
Frozen Royalty attempted to contact Robitaille for comment shortly after Planet Granite released their statement , but with the January 25 Stadium Series : Los Angeles game at Dodger Stadium on the immediate horizon , they were not available for comment on this subject . However , Mike Altieri , the Kings ' Vice President , Communications and Broadcasting , and their official spokesperson , spoke to Frozen Royalty about the situation , even though they declined to respond specifically to Planet Granite 's statement .
Altieri stressed that the Kings and their owner , the Anschutz Entertainment Group ( AEG ) , have one , overarching goal for operating ice rinks in the area : growing the game of hockey—profit is secondary .
“ I do n't want to say that we 're not looking at [ their ice rink operations ] to make profit , ” they said . “ We have a long-term philosophy for ice rinks , especially here in the Southland , that we 're trying to grow so that we can continue to grow the game [ of hockey ] . In our long-term philosophy , if run properly , [ an ice rink at the location ] could turn into a good business venture for us . ”
With the poor condition of the Culver City Ice Arena , Altieri pointed out that any profit from the facility would not come right away . But that did not deter them .
“ In the beginning with Culver City , I do n't think that could happen quickly because our plan was to invest in the rink , to take over operation of the rink , and then invest in refurbishing it , ” said Altieri . “ That investment was going to be significant , which would not allow us to make money out of the gate , and we understood that . ”
“ Significant dollars were going to be invested in changing the cosmetics of the rink and how it was set up , ” added Altieri .
As mentioned earlier , the Kings/AEG were prepared to invest more than $ 1.5 million to renovate the facility .
“ Our plan , and our goal , was to keep the rink there , in an area of the marketplace where a rink could thrive , because there 's a lot of traffic , and a lot of people who 've utilized that rink , ” Altieri noted . “ Then , we would provide newer , and potentially better programs to attract more people to come out , get involved , enjoy the game of hockey , and continue to grow the game . ”
“ In the end , the idea is just to grow the game , and we feel that rinks are an important part of that , ” Altieri added . “ We do feel the demand is there , and that also comes from growing the game , and putting together programs that create the demand . ”
An example of how that works is the Toyota Sports Center in El Segundo , California , the Kings ' practice facility , where youth hockey and figure skating are thriving .
“ A good example would be in El Segundo , where we had two sheets of ice , ” said Altieri . “ We added a third sheet of ice , and it 's sold out every day , all three . That 's evidence to us that it could work [ in Culver City ] with the right programs in place . You 've got to have the programming that 's attractive , and that 's built around teaching kids from the ground up to play the game from the very beginning . ”
“ You have to have vibrant programs that attract young families and kids to get involved and want to learn the game , ” added Altieri . “ We do that through having effective programs , and also by having those programs led by credible instructors , former NHL players—people who 've been implementing successful programs for years . ”
“ Our formula works , and we feel that applying that same formula to Culver City , had we been given the opportunity to do so , would 've been successful . It would 've taken some time , but it would 've been successful . ”
Planet Granite officials did not respond to a request for comment .
Related Stories
Frozen Royalty by Gann Matsuda is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . You may copy , distribute and/or transmit any story or audio content published on this site under the terms of this license , but only if proper attribution is indicated . The full name of the author and a link back to the original article on this site are required . Photographs , graphic images , and other content not specified are subject to additional restrictions . Additional information is available at : Frozen Royalty – Licensing and Copyright Information .
Frozen Royalty 's Comment Policies
Tim Cahill 's goal celebrations are well known around the footballing world , but their latest effort could land them in hot water with Fifa , who may investigate what appeared to be a “ sponsored ” celebration .
An investigation could be opened into suggestions Cahill was paid to promote an online travel agency after scoring an extra-time winner against Syria in the Socceroos ' World Cup qualifying win at ANZ Stadium on Tuesday .
David Squires on ... Tim Cahill 's rescue of Australia and Ange Postecoglou Read more
The striker 's 109th minute header – their second of the night and 50th goal for their country – sent Australia through to an intercontinental playoff with Honduras . But what happened in the immediate aftermath has prompted scrutiny from the world governing body .
After the ball hit the back of the net , Cahill eschewed their usual box-the-corner-flag celebration , instead opting to outstretch their arms , in what appeared to be a physical interpretation of an aeroplane . They then made a T sign with their hands .
A Byron Bay-based travel company asked followers on social media soon after full-time if they had seen Cahill , their new brand ambassador , “ doing the ... ‘ T ' ” at ANZ Stadium . Cahill replied to the post with eight emojis , including a football and an aeroplane . The post has since been deleted .
“ Always a pleasure , ” Cahill responded on their Instagram account . “ Another chapter written and plenty more to come . Amazing team performance and really proud of everyone tonight , team , staff and fans . # FEARLESS. ” They added four aeroplane emojis and tagged the travel company .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Australia 's Tim Cahill celebrates their decisive goal against Syria . Photograph : Saeed Khan/AFP/Getty Images
The travel company is also a sponsor of Cahill 's Melbourne City and its logo appears on the back of the club 's shorts .
While there is nothing specific in Fifa regulations relating to a player using body parts to promote sponsors , Law 4 on players ' equipment states a player will be sanctioned if they remove their jersey to reveal slogans or advertising .
This law would appear to extend to cover the removal of shorts , as Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner found out in 2012 when they were fined €100,000 for promoting a betting company on their underpants .
Using gestures to make political points is also outlawed under Fifa 's disciplinary code . The Lazio player Paolo Di Canio received a one-match ban and was fined €7,000 for a Roman salute at an Italian game in 2005 , and in 2013 Giorgos Katidis was banned for life from playing for Greece after giving a Nazi salute .
The laws of the game state that disciplinary sanctions are the responsibility of the competition organiser and that the referee will include details in the match report .
“ Fifa is reviewing and analysing the reports from the referees and the match commissioners for all matches in Fifa competitions , ” a Fifa spokesperson told Sky Sports . “ Events which require further attention may be communicated accordingly . ”
It is not the first time Cahill 's celebrations have made headlines . When at Everton they apologised after celebrating with a “ handcuff ” gesture – a nod to their brother who had been jailed for an assault that left a man partially blinded in one eye .
During the Socceroos ' World Cup qualifier against Kyrgyzstan in Canberra in 2015 , Cahill pretended to turn over the pages of a book before delivering their trademark boxing routine by the corner flag . They had just released a children 's book and an autobiography .
On New Year 's Eve in 2016 they attracted further attention , this time for not being able to celebrate in their usual style , after a Central Coast Mariners ball boy upended the flag before Cahill reached the corner of the pitch .
Tim Cahill dismayed by timing of Ange Postecoglou speculation Read more
The day after the Syria game , reports surfaced that Socceroos coach Ange Postecoglou would leave their post following next month 's tie , regardless of the result and Cahill said they were disappointed that the speculation over Postecoglou 's future had taken the focus away from World Cup qualification .
“ I feel that this angle , the day after the biggest game in Australian soccer to qualify for a fourth consecutive World Cup , is not needed , ” they said .
“ I think we concentrate on celebrating a 2-1 victory , firstly , and looking forward to a full house at home in Sydney of 80,000-plus . Speculation is always going to come with our game and it is just disappointing it has come out the day after . ”
A study released Thursday by an independent economic analysis firm challenges the claim by University of Alabama-Birmingham officials that the football program had to be dropped for financial reasons , asserting that , in fact , the sport makes money for the university -- and that surpluses would grow in the coming years .
The report comes in response to the move by the Conference USA school to shutter the sport on the grounds that it could no longer afford to financially support football , especially with schools moving to cover the full cost of attendance with athletic scholarships . UAB also eliminated rifle and bowling .
An independent economic analysis of UAB football found that the school overstated expenses and understated revenues . AP Photo/John Amis
`` We find that the three sports in question did not cost the university anywhere near the $ 3.75 million indicated on UAB 's accounting statements , '' wrote Dan Rascher and Andy Schwarz , partners of Bay Area firm OSKR . `` Instead , after making the sort of adjustments suggested by the economics literature , we conclude that the three sports were effectively break-even to slightly positive . Football and bowling showed a modest positive return for 2013-14 , the last year for which complete data was available . Rifle showed a deficit , but the three-sport balance was positive to the tune of $ 75,000 . ''
Rascher and Schwarz were consultants for the plaintiffs in the Ed O'Bannon v. NCAA trial , which produced a favorable ruling for college athletes and opened the door for schools to offer cost-of-attendance scholarships . On the stand , Rascher had challenged the accounting methods used by the NCAA to assert that most athletic departments in major conferences lose money . They and Schwarz used the same alternative methods of analysis to conclude that UAB is overstating expenses and understating revenues .
They wrote that athletic scholarships cost UAB 65 percent less than their listed prices , as any tuition number assigned to that scholarship is not a hard cost to the university . Additionally , they argue that financial benefits of being a member of Conference USA are `` far superior '' to any alternate affiliation with a nonfootball conference because of media revenues that -- while not at the level of the larger conferences -- are valuable and will continue to grow with the College Football Playoff driving even more money into college sports .
Schwarz and Rascher say there will even be enough money to cover athletic scholarships at the cost-of-attendance level , which includes incidental expenses above tuition , board , books and fees . Conference USA , following the lead of the larger conferences , voted this year to allow programs to offer full scholarships if they want . The NCAA also has lifted controls on how many programs can feed their athletes .
`` We conclude that going forward , anticipated improvement in ticket sales from 2013-14 levels and new College Football Playoff revenues will outpace new expenses from Cost of Attendance stipends and unlimited food allowances , '' they wrote . `` Once these new revenues and expenses kick in , we anticipate the aggregate annual surplus from football , bowling , and rifle would exceed $ 500,000 , even without including the anticipated but hard-to-quantify benefits to admissions and enrollment , donations , and media exposure . ''
OSKR began looking at UAB finances after it was hired on March 7 to prepare a report for the UAB athletic task force . A week later , the $ 80,000 contract was canceled by the university over its concerns that OSKR would be biased in its approach . OSKR continued with its work anyway . The 156-page report released Thursday is product of that analysis and is likely to stir debate about the decision to drop football . When announced last year , players and boosters reacted angrily , and on a national level , UAB was seen as a symbol of what could come of college sports as athletes gain access to the revenues they help generate for athletic programs .
Kellee Reinhart , spokesperson for the University of Alabama Board of Trustees , said the board has no comment on the OSKR study .
OSKR says its analysis , based on UAB finances and national studies on the economics of college sports , was calculated to produce conservative estimates . If more generous assumptions are made about anticipated revenues and expenses , the annual surplus could exceed $ 2.2 million .
Like many universities , UAB has drawn increasing revenue from student fees and other forms of university support to bolster its competitive and financial objectives . CBS Sports last week reported that in 2012-13 , 64 percent of UAB 's athletic budget came from those sources . The OSKR analysis assumes that the three sports under study would receive none of that institutional support .
Earlier this week , right-wing attorney Larry Klayperson posted a video asserting that Democrats have no grounds to complain that the vacant Supreme Court seat that President Trump recently nominated Neil Gorsuch to fill had been “ stolen ” because the seat only became vacant because the CIA may have murdered Justice Antonin Scalia in the first place . In Klayperson 's view , the refusal by Senate Republicans to even consider President Obama 's nomination of Merrick Garland to fill that seat was justified since Scalia had supposedly died under such mysterious circumstances .
“ This allegation that the Republicans have stolen the nomination of a Supreme Court justice from the Democrats is not only outrageous , but it 's hypocritical , ” they said , asserting that Scalia died “ mysteriously ” and “ there have been reports that that death was not exactly of natural causes . ”
Klayperson said that they had personally seen Scalia not long before their death “ and they looked like , frankly , they were in great health . ”
Citing a report in the National Enquirer , which they insisted “ does n't always get things wrong , ” Klayperson speculated that “ a prostitute had been sent by the CIA and other government sources to possibly poison Justice Scalia . ”
Klayperson said that they do n't know what the truth is behind Scalia 's death and that they intend to launch an investigation , “ but for the Democrats to claim that the seat was stolen from them when , in fact , there may be skullduggery behind the death of Antonin Scalia , that 's a serious issue . ”
Trump has also suggested that Scalia died under suspicious circumstances .
A nano-HPLC-ESI-OrbiTrap study involving HCD and ETD spectra has been carried out to clarify the composition of the skin peptidome of brown Russian frogs Rana temporaria . This approach allowed determinantion of 76 individual peptides , increasing 3-fold the identified portion of the peptidome in comparison to that obtained earlier with FTICR MS. A search for the new bradykinin related peptides ( BRPs ) was carried out by reconstructing mass chromatograms based on the ion current of characteristic b- and y-ions . Several peptides were reported in the secretion of R. temporaria for the first time . The overall antibacterial activity of the skin secretion in general and of one individual peptide ( Brevinin 1Tb ) was determined using PMEU Spectrion ( Portable Microbe Enrichment Unit ) technology . The inhibitory effects of these peptides on Staphylococcus aureus and Salmonella enterica Serovar typhimutium were equal in scale to that reported for some antibiotics .
Pope Francis Shakes Up Important Congregation For Bishops
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anonymous/ASSOCIATED PRESS Anonymous/ASSOCIATED PRESS
Pope Francis continues to shake up the Vatican establishment . This time , in what observers are calling a major move , they reshuffled the membership of the Congregation for Bishops , one of the most important organizations in the Vatican .
In the biggest shakeup announced on Monday , Francis removed Cardinal Raymond L. Burke from the group and replaced them with another American , Cardinal Donald Wuerl of Washington , D.C ..
Burke is known as an outspoken critic of abortion and gay marriage . In fact , in an interview with EWTN on Dec. 12 , Burke disagreed with Francis about how much the Catholic leadership should talk about the issues .
`` One gets the impression , or it 's interpreted this way in the media , that they think we 're talking too much about abortion , too much about the integrity of marriage as between one man and one woman , '' Cardinal Burke said . `` But we can never talk enough about that . ''
The New York Times adds :
`` The pope 's decision to remove Cardinal Raymond L. Burke from the Congregation for Bishops was taken by church experts to be a signal that Francis is willing to disrupt the Vatican establishment in order to be more inclusive . `` Even so , many saw the move less than an effort to change doctrine on specific social issues than an attempt to bring a stylistic and pastoral consistency to the church 's leadership . `` 'He is saying that you do n't need to be a conservative to become a bishop , ' said Alberto Melloni , the director of the John XXIII Foundation for Religious Studies in Bologna , Italy , a liberal Catholic research institute . 'He wants good bishops , regardless of how conservative or liberal they are . ' ''
Rocco Palmo , who writes the definitive Vatican blog Whispers in the Loggia , called the move a Franciscan `` flush . '' A big deal .
`` For those who enjoy what Italians do best , that Wuerl – already known to be a sought-out figure in Francis ' orbit – has replaced Burke , their historic rival and cardinal-classmate , on the Congregation 's membership is nothing short of extraordinary , '' Palmo wrote . `` With today 's nod , the District cardinal becomes the first shepherd of the nation 's capital to have a seat at the Curia 's most significant table of all ; until now , only prior archbishops of New York , Boston and Philadelphia have known the role . ''
Today , Pope Francis made another move . They named Fr . John Doerfler of Green Bay the new Bishop of Marquette .
As Palmo explains , Doerfler is very much affiliated with the new school . But their appointment also sends a conflicting message .
`` ... Given the enduring public impression that Francis has effected some sort of 'change ' to church teaching on homosexuality – most recently seen yesterday in the Pope 's selection as `` Person of the Year '' by the flagship LGBT magazine The Advocate – it 's worth noting that Doerfler 's bio lists the bishop-elect 's involvement with Courage , the church-sanctioned support group for Catholics who seek to live chastely with same-sex attraction , '' Palmo writes .
A Boy and Their Blob was originally launched on NES ( Nintendo Entertainment System ) in 1989 and then “ reimagined ” in 2009 , when it was released on Wii , Steam , and PlayStation Vita . The game is now again making a comeback , as it is already available for Android devices .
In the game , you take on the role of a young boy who is helping a blob dethrone the evil Emperor that 's terrorizing Blobolonia . In order to achieve your goal , you must feed your blob jelly beans which will transform them into various objects that will help you solve puzzles and escape danger in the process .
The game is already available on the Google Play Store but is listed as “ unreleased ” , which is probably the equivalent of an early access game on Steam . Additionally , the developer warns that it may be unstable , so do n't be surprised if you experience a few problems here and there when playing it .
If you 're looking for a new game to keep you entertained and have decided to get A Boy and Their Blob , visit the Google Play Store and download it to your device by clicking the button below . Keep in mind that the game is not free , as you 'll have to dish out $ 4.99 to get it .
Two things before we begin :
Few characters on television have gone through the type of dramatic changes that Boyd Crowder has gone through on Justified . In just five seasons he 's transformed from a redneck Nazi to a semi-reformed Man of God to something closer to a Dixie Michael Corleone . It 's not just their behavior that has changed , either . Each iteration of the character brought a new wardrobe , a new way of carrying himself , and perhaps most importantly ( for our purposes here , at least ) , a noticeable change in the wild way they style their hair .
There 's this theory , and readers of this website are probably familiar with it . It goes like this : The crazier Boyd Crowder 's hair looks at the beginning of a scene , the more likely they are to do something dangerous by the end of it . Over time we have developed a warning system to alert people of this . It 's called the Boyd Crowder Hair Threat Level . At one point this season it was elevated to Lead Singer of Powerman 5000 . No one was safe .
And now , without further ado , your season-by-season guide to the evolving hair stylings of television 's most eloquent narcotics magnate , Boyd Crowder .
Episode : “ Fire in the Hole ” – Season 1 , Episode 1
Boyd Crowder Hair Threat Level : Greasy Electrocution
We start at the only logical place to start : the beginning . Specifically , the pilot episode of Justified , in which we were introduced to Boyd Crowder as a somewhat unkempt , rocket-launcher-toting neo-Nazi . Boyd famously was not supposed to survive the gunshot they suffered at the end of the episode , until producers went out and tested it and realized they had lightning in a bottle , both in their character and in their on-camera chemistry with Timothy Olyphant . Thus , the legend of Boyd Crowder was born .
And speaking of places lightning may or may not be contained , this was also our first taste of the wild mane he 'd go on to sport throughout the show . Here it 's kind of just a mess — a greasy , unwashed pile of weeds atop a body that proudly sports a sleeveless t-shirt and a giant exposed swastika tattoo . It 's somewhat longer and less creatively tussled than it will be in the following seasons , but it 's certainly a start .
Episode : “ Brother 's Keeper ” – Season 2 , Episode 9
Boyd Crowder Hair Threat Level : Mild Einstein
See , the thing to remember about this screenshot is that it is from Mags Bennett 's big outdoor Harlan cookout , which means this was Boyd 's “ Going Out to a Party ” look at the time . So even though they have traded in the sleeveless green tee for their now signature buttoned-all-the-way-up button-up , and has evidently purchased some shampoo and run a little water through their hair , this is still all anyone 's getting out of him .
Changes are afoot , though . That 's what 's important here .
Episode : “ Harlan Roulette ” – Season 3 , Episode 3
Boyd Crowder Hair Threat Level : Static Heartthrob
I have termed this look Static Heartthrob because they look like a cross between the bad boy member of a boy band and a little kid whose zany uncle just rubbed a balloon on their sweater and ran it over the kid 's head . It would be my least favorite of all of Boyd 's hairstyles if not for the fact that it looks like they might have gone to Supercuts to get it , and the idea of a terrified 19-year-old asking Boyd Crowder if they want the back straight across or rounded has been making me giggle for like 10 minutes now . I desperately want to see this in a future episode .
Episode : “ Foot Chase ” – Season 4 , Episode 6
Boyd Crowder Hair Threat Level : Redneck Mr. T
A couple notes about this screencap :
Boyd has now adopted a style that I like to call The Full Boyd Crowder : buttoned-up button-up ( obvs ) , vest , vest chain , and suit jacket . It 's a significant step up from their old threads , both in cost and formality , which is understandable as he 'd also taken a significant step up in the underworld at this point . As another famous fictional drug lord in a suit once said , “ Look the part , be the part , motherf * cker . ”
My working theory here is that their hair is afraid of theirs forehead .
Moving along…
Episode : “ Over the Mountain ” – Season 5 , Episode 4
Boyd Crowder Hair Threat Level : Murderous Sonic The Hedgehog
This brings us to the present day , and my favorite Boyd Crowder hairstyle by far , because it is both a follicle masterpiece and rock-solid confirmation of the “ Crazy Hair = Dangerous Behavior ” theory I mentioned at the beginning , seeing as he 's been out for blood everywhere from Detroit to Mexico this season . Their body count and scheming have really been taken to new levels , which is saying something because the show — and this post — started with them firing a shoulder-mounted rocket launcher into a church .
But seriously , the hair . Look at it . LOOK AT IT . Not only has they apparently started gelling their hair into individual little spikes , but they are doing so OUT FROM THE BACK OF Their HEAD , POINTING BACKWARDS . It looks almost like they drove there with a wet head in a convertible with the top down . Or like they hired a stylist . DOES BOYD CROWDER HAVE A STYLIST NOW ? Dear God , please say yes . I bet they do . I bet Wynn Duffy referred him . I bet they go together .
You know what ? I changed my mind . I want to see that way more than the Supercuts thing .
An EMP , or electromagnetic pulse , will almost certainly wipe out all of your electrical devices as well as the entire grid on which society survives on , sending our lives back to the dark ages . But with a Faraday cage , you can keep electronics and devices protected from the effects of an EMP .
The threat of an EMP is real , especially when you consider many western nation grids are not ready to handle an EMP attack to shut down our grid . And if you think about the consequences of losing that grid , they impact every facet of our technology-advanced society , including :
Transport ( electric vehicles , navigation systems , traffic lights , public transport )
Health and life support ( hospital systems )
Food ( food production , refrigeration , storage , transport of food )
Water ( clean water production , pumping water )
Fuel ( fuel pumps , fuel transport )
Communication for emergency services , military and police ( no communication network )
Connectivity of any automated processes ( machines , factories )
Finance ( no electronic banking )
Security ( no communication , no working vehicles , prison systems running on electricity )
Essentially , as one Navy SEAL put it , an EMP attack would cripple our system .
The only preparations you can do in advance of such a possible attack is to learn about the only way to protect against an EMP attack . This is through the use of Faraday technology , such as a Faraday cage which blocks the electric current that would otherwise essentially fry your devices . While there are alternatives such as pre-made faraday pouches , backpacks , bags , as well as some microwaves when plugged in , we are going to focus on how to make your own Faraday cage .
But first , let 's get to know the enemy a little more , that could possibly send us to a prehistoric capability .
How an EMP would occur
With the escalation of countries competing with nuclear bombs , there is a much greater threat of an EMP attack in the coming future more than ever before .
In relation to North Korea , Homeland Security task force leader , Peter Vincent Pry , said the country imposed two threats , being nuclear and EMP . They said that EMP would require much less precision and less advanced technology . According to Pry :
A successful nuclear strike on US soil requires :
High precision
Advanced missile technology
An EMP attack requires :
Detonating a nuclear weapon at high-altitude , above the atmosphere
For North Korea , who have less advanced missile technology , the EMP attack is much easier to commit .
How far an EMP attack could reach
According to Pry , the impact and reachable area of an EMP wave is immense . If a warhead was detonated at an altitude of 18 miles , it would generate an EMP field on the ground with a radius of 372 miles .
If an EMP attack was to be triggered at an altitude of 294 miles it would cover most of the US .
How to stop an EMP attack with a Faraday cage
While large networks , wifi fields , and electric networks would be affected by an EMP , undoubtedly the best way to defend your own devices is a Faraday cage , and thankfully , it is easy to make .
What is a Faraday cage ?
The idea itself came from an English scientist in 1836 as a way to do exactly what you are after , block electromagnetic fields . A Faraday shield is anything covered with a conductive material . You can construct this to whatever size fits your purpose , however , most people only make something big enough to fit their personal devices .
What would you keep in a faraday cage ?
Considering you are looking at being able to survive in a blackout world post-EMP attack you 're going to want to keep all of your usual electronic devices in a Faraday cage such as :
Smartphone
Laptop
Radiation Detector ( Geiger Counter )
Solar panel inverter , controller and battery
Any other communication equipment you might use
How can you make a faraday cage ?
Of all of the things I have made in The Prepping Guide and made an instructional , nothing has been easier than making a Faraday cage .
I made mine using a locking lid thick trash can .
The Behrens Trash Can has made tens of thousands of sales specifically because it serves a purpose as the important tool in a faraday EMP resistant bin , even without being marketed as one .
To make one yourself all you need is :
A trash can with a locking lid ( Most people are picking up the Behrens 10-gallon one that I mentioned above )
Carpet or thick cardboard to line the insides ( as well as the bottom and lid ) of the trash can
Tape to keep the lining in place ( duct tape should be used here )
Here 's a video from a prepper on how they made his :
What about Faraday cage bags ?
Another item you can use for personal electrics is by Mission Darkness which is a company that specializes in creating military-grade EMP proof containers for electrical items .
If you are packing a survival kit or emergency go-to kit Mission Darkness has an EMP resistant backpack which is in use by law enforcement first responders and can also double as a bug out bag .
Other nuclear attack survival necessities :
EXCLUSIVE : Toni Collette and Jean Reno are set to star in Hector And The Search For Happiness , a romantic comedy feature directed by Peter Chelsom that follows a psychiatrist as they search the globe for the definition of happiness . The addition of Collette and Reno completes the casting and the film has just commenced principal photography .
Collette and Reno join a stellar cast that includes Simon Pegg , who will play Hector , an eccentric London psychiatrist in crisis ; Rosamund Pike ; Stellan Skarsgård ; Christopher Plummer ; Desiree Zurowski ; and Jakob Davies . Chelsom and Tinker Lindsay wrote the screenplay , adapted from the novel of the same name by Francis Lelord . The film is produced by Judy Tossell for Egoli Tossell Film and Christine Haebler for Screen Siren Pictures . Jens Meurer and Trish Dolman are serving as executive producers .
Collette is repped by WME , Reno by ICM Partners . UTA is representing U.S. rights and The Solution is handling worldwide rights to the Germany-Canada co-production . Chelsom is repped by Principato Young and UTA .
The Boiling Frog Principle Of Boundary Violation
Jaclyn said some wonderful things in their latest post at Amplify , and one in particular that I want to expand on . They wrote :
When it comes to naming sexual violence , too many of us are like frogs in a pot of slowly heating water – by the time the violation rises to the level of rape , the victim-blame has been heating around us so slowly for so long that we do n't even notice we 're boiling . And so , when an interviewer asks us if we 've been raped , we say no , even if we 've just described to that interviewer the details of a rape that was perpetrated against us .
What I 've tried to tell young women — relatives and their friends , and anyone else who will listen , is that rapists test boundaries by violating them , and examining the reaction . They look for targets who do n't have the tools to set and defend boundaries . And we are in a culture where socialization as a woman is one long harangue against setting and defending boundaries . I 'll never say it better than Harriet Jacobs did in this blogosphere classic :
[ W ] omen are raised being told by parents , teachers , media , peers , and all surrounding social strata that : it is not okay to set solid and distinct boundaries and reinforce them immediately and dramatically when crossed ( “ mean bitch ” ) it is not okay to appear distraught or emotional ( “ crazy bitch ” ) it is not okay to make personal decisions that the adults or other peers in your life do not agree with , and it is not okay to refuse to explain those decisions to others ( “ stuck-up bitch ” ) it is not okay to refuse to agree with somebody , over and over and over again ( “ angry bitch ” ) it is not okay to have ( or express ) conflicted , fluid , or experimental feelings about yourself , your body , your sexuality , your desires , and your needs ( “ bitch got daddy issues ” ) it is not okay to use your physical strength ( if you have it ) to set physical boundaries ( “ dyke bitch ” ) it is not okay to raise your voice ( “ shrill bitch ” ) it is not okay to completely and utterly shut down somebody who obviously likes you ( “ mean dyke/frigid bitch ” ) If we teach women that there are only certain ways they may acceptably behave , we should not be surprised when they behave in those ways . And we should not be surprised when they behave these ways during attempted or completed rapes . Women who are taught not to speak up too loudly or too forcefully or too adamantly or too demandingly are not going to shout “ NO ” at the top of their goddamn lungs just because some guy is getting uncomfortably close . Women who are taught not to keep arguing are not going to keep saying “ NO. ” Women who are taught that their needs and desires are not to be trusted , are fickle and wrong and are not to be interpreted by the woman herself , are not going to know how to argue with “ but you liked kissing , I just thought… ” Women who are taught that physical confrontations make them look crazy will not start hitting , kicking , and screaming until it 's too late , if they do at all . Women who are taught that a display of their emotional state will have them labeled hysterical and crazy ( which is how their perception of events will be discounted ) will not be willing to run from a room disheveled and screaming and crying . Women who are taught that certain established boundaries are frowned upon as too rigid and unnecessary are going to find themselves in situations that move further faster before they realize that their first impression was right , and they are in a dangerous room with a dangerous person . Women who are taught that refusing to flirt back results in an immediately hostile environment will continue to unwillingly and unhappily flirt with somebody who is invading their space and giving them creep alerts . People wonder why women do n't “ fight back , ” but they do n't wonder about it when women back down in arguments , are interrupted , purposefully lower and modulate their voices to express less emotion , make obvious signals that they are uninterested in conversation or being in closer physical proximity and are ignored .
What Jaclyn was writing about is whether women call their experiences rape , and whether they say they 've been harmed , in the aftermath . And readers of the feminist blogosphere know that a lot of women will deny that what happened to them was rape , even if it met the legal definition where they were , for months or years after . That 's a self-preservation mechanism . People who ca n't impose or defend their own boundaries usually ca n't handle understanding how vulnerable they are until they are in a position to do something about it . The most common coping mechanism is to front , to save face , to play it off . No big deal . Saying it 's no big deal is taking out a loan on the trauma . ( I 'm not criticizing ; somebody who ca n't pay the principal now may be in a better position to clear the balance later . Folks who have been raped have better information about what they need than I do . )
But the issue of boundaries is not an individual issue of what one rape survivor did or did n't do . People are targets more for structural than personal reasons . There are lots of reasons that people do n't have the tools to set boundaries and have them respected . A lot , but not all , of these things have to do with the categories of “ man ” and “ woman , ” and the social constructs around them , but there are others . People are raped because they 're vulnerable due to incarceration or other institutional confinement ; because they have a disability and the culture around disability means people feel free to violate them and others do n't listen to them about violation ; because their social position is such that they will be blamed and rebuked instead of defended if they report a violation — how many trans women think that going to the cops after being raped will go well for them ? How many trans men , how many non-binary identified folks , think they could go to the cops ? I expect they 're right about that . These are not my experiences ; all I can do is boost the signal on what other people have told me about their experiences .
Rapists look for the spots where boundaries can not or will not be enforced . They do n't really care why . They are opportunists . They do what works . They ca n't be changed . And we sure ca n't wait around for the people who ca n't defend their boundaries to change it ; they 're doing what they can with what they have where they are . More than that , the boundary violations tend to work by degrees , so that the little ones build the foundation for the big ones , and by the time the rape happens the rapist stands on a stepladder of disempowerment . What we as a wider community need to do , if we care about solving the problem , is to take down the ladder . We need to look for the places where boundaries ca n't and wo n't be enforced … and fix them . We ca n't start when and where the rapes happen . We have to start at the beginning . We have to believe that bodily autonomy is a human right , and that the little violations matter . If the whole culture believed that , it might not end all rape , but it would end a culture where rape is normalized and generally unpunished .
Advertisements
-_-
So I 'm just coming back after a few months away from Unity , and it looks like I have to recode a few thousand lines across dozens of projects , and rebuild hundreds of particle emitters ...
I get that these are improvements , but as an indy developer with literally no one helping me , being slammed with six hundred man hours of mandatory update work across every game project is not a good feeling .
Please stop doing this to the little guy . I hate to be the one who points out the negatives , but you guys really need to be bringing these auto updates along if you 're going to force the new protocols on us . Not everybody has a team of programmers at their disposal , and for a lot of us , that 's why we came to Unity in the first place .
I really hope I do n't wake up one morning to discover I have to recreate every single animation .
Click to expand ...
A couple of times in the past I 've written about what I call the conservative circle of scam , the way so many people on the right are so adept at fleecing each other . Here 's a piece about high-priced consultants milking the Koch brothers for everything they can get , and here 's one about my favorite story , the way that , in 2012 , Dick Morris played ordinary people who wanted to see Barack Obama driven from office ( he solicited donations to a super PAC for that purpose , laundered the money just a bit , and apparently kept most of it for themselves without ever spending any of it on defeating Obama ) . The essence of the circle of scam is that everybody gets rich at some stage of the game , with the exception of the rank-and-file conservatives who fuel it all with their votes , their eyeballs , and their money .
Today there are two new media stories showing that the circle of scam is humming along nicely . The first comes from Michael Calderone at Huffington Post , who reports on an interesting relationship between Sean Hannity and the Tea Party Patriots . Here 's how it works : TPP is a sponsor of Hannity 's radio show . Then Hannity appears in TPP 's fundraising appeals , and some of the money generated inevitably goes back to Hannity 's radio show . Then Hannity goes on their Fox News show and talks about the terrific work the Tea Party Patriots are doing . Everybody wins !
The details of Hannity 's contract with their syndicate have never been made public , so I have no idea if they share in the show 's advertising revenue . But even if they do n't , they benefit from keeping that revenue high . Last year they moved from Cumulus , where they reportedly made $ 20 million a year , to Premiere Radio Networks , which , one would presume , pays them something similar .
The second story comes from Kenneth Vogel and Mackenzie Weinger of Politico , who report that it is n't just Hannity . A bunch of conservative media figures are in on the action , none gaining more than Glenn Beck , who has been paid an astounding $ 6 million by the Tea Party group FreedomWorks in recent years to promote its efforts . As Dick Armey , who was ousted as FreedomWorks chief in a recent coup , says , this kind of arrangement `` compromises the integrity of the pundit-guru , as it were , and it 's an undignified expenditure of the part of the outfit that 's mining the attention . '' Well put , Dick . One does need one 's pundit-gurus to have integrity . But even if they do n't , they 've still got authority , and that 's what the organizations are paying for : the hosts ' ability to tell their audiences : `` This is where you should send your money . '' And send it they do .
What 's most interesting is that all of this expenditure is fueling an occasionally vicious internecine battle within the conservative movement . Sure , all these hosts spend much of their time bashing Barack Obama . But they 've been successfully enlisted on one side of the war between the Republican establishment and the ultra-conservative Tea Party , a war that still rages even if the Tea Party is having somewhat less success ousting incumbent Republicans than it did in 2010 or 2012 . Instead of conservative media being a force for unity , one that educates the base on what they should be angry about and where to focus their energy , they 're fomenting division and strife within the conservative coalition .
Would the likes of Hannity and Beck be doing so anyway even if they were n't getting paid ? Maybe , maybe not . But it 's certainly something to see . Remember when the right was a smoothly functioning , terrifyingly unified monolith of opinion and action ? I wonder if they 'll ever get that back .
TOWSON , Md . ( WBFF ) -- U.S. News & World 's Report 's magazine has named nine Baltimore County Public Schools on the list of the country 's top public high schools and out of those nine schools , five have earned `` gold medal '' .
Dulaney High , George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology , Hereford High , Towson High , and Western School of Technology and Environmental Science were the schools honored with gold medals which earns them a spot in the top 500 schools on the national list of 2,673 .
Schools honored with medals means that they are recognized for high degrees of student college readiness . Silver medals indicate a school is high performing but has lower degree of student college readiness . Bronze medals are awarded to schools that are high-performing based on state exam performance . Six BCPS high schools were recognized with bronze medal awards by U.S. News.Those are schools are : Chesapeake , New Town , Owings Mills and Parkville high schools , Milford Mill Academy , and Patapsco High School and Center for the Arts .
A total of 67 ( from among 244 ) high schools in Maryland made the list of the nation 's top schools , including the following Baltimore County high schools :
Western School of Technology and Environmental Science ( ranked 11th in Maryland /347 nationally ) ( Gold Medal )
Dulaney High School ( 12/350 ) ( Gold Medal )
Hereford High School ( 14/396 ) ( Gold Medal )
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology ( 17/466 ) ( Gold Medal )
Towson High School ( 19/479 ) ( Gold Medal )
Eastern Technical High School ( 21/520 ) ( Silver Medal )
Franklin High School ( 35/1,196 ) ( Silver Medal )
Loch Raven High School ( 43/1,510 ) ( Silver Medal )
Perry Hall High School ( 65/2,575 ) ( Silver Medal )
The rankings from data this year was collected from more than21,000 public high schools in all 50 states and the District of Columbia . The magazine analyzed state reading and math assessment scores , demographic information , college-readiness measurements such as AP tests , and other criteria .
Maryland had the highest percentage of eligible schools that received gold or silver medals in the U.S. News rankings .
The full U.S. News & World Report `` Best High Schools '' list may be found at
BY : Follow @ CharlesFLehman
An aide to Rep. Pramila Jayapal ( D. , Wash. ) tweeted a misleading video on Friday of President Donald Trump seeming to ignore a wheelchair-bound child .
Ansel Herz , the deputy communications director for Jayapal , tweeted out a video which appeared to show the president ignoring a youngster in a wheelchair reaching up to try and touch Trump 's hand or shake it .
The clip came from a statement on health care Trump delivered on Monday , amid the Senate 's haggling over their repeal-and-replace bill for Obamacare .
`` If you 're disgusted by this , follow my boss : @ RepJayapal . People call them ‘ the anti-Trump , ' '' Herz wrote in a follow-up tweet .
If you 're disgusted by this , follow my boss : @ RepJayapal . People call them `` the anti-Trump . '' https : //t.co/PG6WNZUzrx — Ansel Herz ( @ Ansel ) July 28 , 2017
Full context of the video reveals that Trump did greet the child in a different segment . Twitter user Borne.Gisborne tweeted out stills from the video clearly showing Trump kneeling down to greet the child .
This did not stop the video from being picked up by popular liberal voices , including GQ correspondent Keith Olbermann and author J.K. Rowling . Rowling 's tweet of the video had been retweeted more than 48,000 times as of Friday afternoon .
About Trump , this is mortifying , revelatory . OTOH , I 'm somebody who shook their damnable hand . The child is fortunate they did n't touch the evil https : //t.co/twVLRZocTV — Keith Olbermann ( @ KeithOlbermann ) July 28 , 2017
A Purdue University-led research team has uncovered the chemical components of the adhesive produced by oysters , providing information that could be useful for fisheries , boating and medicine .
A better understanding of oysters ' ability to stick together to form complex reefs would help those trying to boost the dwindling oyster population , aid in the creation of materials to keep boat hulls clean without harming the environment , and bring researchers one step closer to creating wet-setting adhesives for use in medicine and construction .
Jonathan Wilker , a Purdue professor of chemistry and materials engineering , led the team that analyzed the most common oyster in the United States , Crassostrea virginica , known as the common Eastern oyster . A paper detailing the work is published in the current issue of the Journal of the American Chemical Society .
`` With a description of the oyster cement in hand , we may gain strategies for developing synthetic materials that mimic the shellfish 's ability to set and hold in wet environments , '' said Wilker , who has worked on the design of synthetic bioadhesives for more than 10 years . `` Dentistry and medicine may benefit from such a material . For instance , it would be great to have a surgical adhesive that could replace staples and sutures , which puncture healthy tissue and create potential sites for infection . ''
By comparing oyster shells with the material that connects the animals to each other , the researchers were able to determine its chemical composition . The results showed that the adhesive had almost five times the amount of protein and more water than what is found in the shell .
`` The adhesive material differed significantly in composition from the shell , which indicates that the oyster produces a chemically distinct substance for sticking together , '' Wilker said .
Wilker , who also studies mussel and barnacle adhesion , describes the oyster adhesive as more of an inorganic cementlike substance than the organic gluelike material produced by other marine animals .
`` The oyster cement appears to be harder than the substances mussels and barnacles use for sticking to rocks , '' they said . `` The adhesives produced by mussels and barnacles are mostly made of proteins , but oyster adhesive is about 90 percent calcium carbonate , or chalk . On its own , chalk is not sticky . So the key to oyster adhesion may be a unique combination of this hard , inorganic component with the remaining 10 percent of the material that is protein . ''
This 10 percent of oyster cement does bear some similarity to mussel glue in its composition of proteins and the presence of iron .
In earlier studies Wilker found that iron played a key role in the hardening , or curing , of mussel adhesive , and it may serve a similar purpose in the oyster adhesive , they said .
Finding common threads in the sticky substances produced by marine organisms is key to the development of both synthetic adhesives and treatments to prevent the accumulation of these animals on ships .
Hundreds of different marine species attach themselves to ships , increasing drag and reducing sailing speeds . Preventing and controlling their accumulation , called fouling , is a major expense for the world 's shipping fleet , Wilker said .
`` The current antifouling methods rely on toxicity and ship bottoms are often coated with a copper-based paint that kills marine organisms in their larval states , '' they said . `` If we could figure out a non-toxic a way to defeat the adhesives , we could keep them off ships without harming the environment . ''
Oysters stick together to reproduce and to protect themselves from predators and large waves . The reefs can stretch for miles and filter large volumes of water , prevent erosion and create a storm wall that strengthens coastlines . In addition , the reefs create a habitat for hundreds of other species , Wilker said .
`` Overfishing , pollution and disease have reduced the oyster population by 98 percent or more since the late 1800s , '' they said . `` Many people are now trying to reintroduce the animals to their prior habitats . Perhaps our work will add to the understanding of this shellfish and what is needed for oysters and the larger coastal ecosystem to thrive . ''
The Office of Naval Research and the National Science Foundation funded this research . Co-authors of the paper include Purdue graduate students Jeremy Burkett and Lauren Hight , and Paul Kenny of the Baruch Marine Field Laboratory at the University of South Carolina .
Wilker and their team will next investigate the interaction of the different components within oyster cement and use this information for developing new synthetic materials .
I brought presents for each of the one hundred and fifty who had no family connections , and enough oranges and apples for all the four hundred and fifty prisoners—which was a special treat , because fruit is not on the prison diet and may not be sent in from the outside .
The women 's packages contained flannel nightgowns , soap , toothpaste , and other practical articles which they lacked completely ( toothbrushes , underwear , and the like ) . The men 's parcels contained shirts , underwear , socks , toothpaste , and so forth , according to their individual needs . For the twenty-nine British there was Christmas fruitcake . To get this I had given a baker two litres of my own supply of olive oil , which they traded for butter to bake a cake large enough so that each man could have a good-sized piece , When I gave it to them their joy and surprise were unbounded , for none of them had dreamt of having even a crumb of the cake which to them so represented an English Christmas .
I asked the guards on each floor to help me , and by five o'clock everything had been given out . Then I went dorm to one of the big dormitories for the ‘ party . ' It was along room with double-decked blinks down either side and a rather wide passageway through the middle . In the centre of this were a table and some benches . As we came in the sergeant in charge of the room shouted , ‘ At attention ! ' and the eighty men in the room sprang to their feet in two rows down the centre . It was a grim beginning for a festive occasion . They were ordered ‘ at ease ' and stood stiffly during the ceremonies .
The plan had been for the officer in charge of the prison to speak , as well as the Minister from the German Embassy , and they had also asked me if I would n't say something . I could not imagine what one could say to a group of men in a Gestapo prison on Christmas Eve . I looked at the men and saw only hopelessness and despair in the eyes of every one—and yet I was to bring them ‘ cheery ' greetings . The Lieutenant had confessed to me that morning how much they hated their job , how much they wanted to be home with their own two children for Christmas . Now they hesitated , cleared their throat , and finally began : —
‘ Men , we are all of us away from our homes tonight . I am away from my wife and children , and you are away from yours . It is an unfortunate circumstance that has brought you here , but tonight is Christmas Eve , and we must all join together and each one of us remember what Christmas means to him . You have done wrong—that is why you are here . I hope you will never again have to spend a Christmas Eve in jail . However , we must all be gay tonight and make each other happy . '
They concluded by thanking me for the work I was doing in the prisons , for the Christmas trees , the packages , the fruit . The French prisoner who was ‘ chairperson ' of the room thanked the officers for the permission to have the party , the Lieutenant for the kind words they had spoken , and me for the things I had brought . There was a dreadful , awkward pause after this . The Minister from the German Embassy had not arrived , and so I realized that I was next . I swallowed , gulped , grabbed hold of the table nervously , and blurted out a few incoherent phrases , everything I had wanted to say dying on my lips .
A Rainbow Pride march in Vienna earlier this year . Photo : Alexander Klein/AFP
Austria 's top court said on Tuesday that it has ruled that same-sex couples can marry , bringing the Alpine country into line with more than a dozen other European nations .
`` The Constitutional Court nullified with a decision on December 4th , 2017 the legal regulation that until now prevented such couples from marrying , '' a statement said .
It said that this would come into force on December 31 , 2018 . The ruling came after a case was brought by two women in a registered civil partnership who were denied the right to marry by authorities in the capital Vienna .
READ ALSO : Vienna to host EuroPride event in 2019
In April 2001 the Netherlands became the first country in the world to allow gay and lesbian couples to marry in a civil ceremony .
More than a dozen European countries have followed including most recently Germany . But others only allow same-sex couples to enter into civil partnerships .
Many eastern European countries -- including Bulgaria , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland , Romania and Slovakia -- deny homosexuals the right to marry or enter into unions .
Donald Trump was forced to take a time-out Thursday from their frenzied planning for the White House , sitting for a sworn , videotaped deposition in Trump Tower .
It 's an extraordinary circumstance for any president or president-elect . The last president to be deposed was Bill Clinton in 1998 , in the Paula Jones sexual harassment suit . Ulysses Grant , Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter are the only other sitting presidents to face a deposition .
Story Continued Below
And it 's hardly Trump 's only legal headache .
With Trump 's swearing-in just days away , many of the high-profile lawsuits that entangled them during the campaign are all but certain to carry on through their inauguration and into their tenure at the White House — and they will even inherit some new ones .
Trump and their companies face scores of pending lawsuits , including cases claiming skimming of tips at their New York SoHo hotel , seeking refunds of millions in membership fees charged by their country club in Jupiter , Florida , and alleging that their security personnel assaulted protesters outside Trump Tower .
Trump 's Thursday morning deposition stemmed from a suit they filed after prominent Washington chef Jose Andres backed out of plans to open a Spanish-themed restaurant at Trump 's new luxury hotel in Washington .
Trump 's attorney asked a judge to cancel the session or cap it at two hours , but a judge declined , giving Andres ' legal team up to seven hours to question the man who 's still trying to finalize their Cabinet and prepare to be sworn in as president .
However , in the end , the questioning lasted less than two hours , a source familiar with the event told POLITICO .
A Washington lawyer representing Trump 's business in the restaurant suits , Rebecca Woods of law firm Seyfarth Shaw , was spotted in a C-SPAN pool camera recording arriving at the Trump Tower elevator bank shortly after 8:30 a.m. on Thursday . They left just before 11:30 a.m .
Trump was also represented at the deposition by Trump Organization lawyer Alan Garten . Conducting the questioning was Andres ' attorney Brigida Benitez of Steptoe & Johnson .
On a conference call with reporters Thursday , Trump transition spokesperson Sean Spicer gave no details about the president-elect 's schedule for the day , except to say they planned to hold meetings with members of their staff . Asked whether Trump was sitting for a deposition , Spicer said : “ Let me take a look at their schedule today and I 'll get back to you on that . ”
Just after noon Thursday , Trump spokesperson Hope Hicks emailed POLITICO to confirm the testimony `` took place earlier this morning and has since concluded . ''
In addition to the restaurant case deposition , the president-elect is also coping with the hangover from other campaign-era legal quagmires .
Trump 's lawyers have cut a $ 25 million deal to try to resolve one of the thorniest legal problems they face : a trio of lawsuits charging fraud in the marketing of their Trump University real estate education program . However , the deal could still face objections and appeals that could drag on for years .
And in a bizarre twist , Trump 's Justice Department will find itself defending against a slew of lawsuits relating to Hillary Clinton 's use of a private email server while they were secretary of state . During the campaign , Trump suggested that Clinton should be imprisoned over their email practices and they appeared to welcome every new disclosure about their rival 's conduct .
Now , however , Trump 's appointees will be in the position of convincing judges that the government was justified in holding back large swaths of their emails from the public .
Trump 's legal team insists it has n't been rushing to close out pending litigation before the inauguration , but they acknowledge trying to minimize the direct impact on their boss due to the daunting new job he 's about to take .
“ We just evaluate each litigation based on that litigation . There 's no concerted effort to try to just resolve things for the matter of resolving them , ” Trump Organization attorney Jill Martin told POLITICO Wednesday . “ Of course , when Trump themselves is involved , we 're trying to limit their involvement as much as possible , to limit the time commitment they have to make . ”
The dispute diverting Trump from their president-elect duties this week arose after they blasted Mexican immigrants as “ rapists ” during their presidential campaign announcement in 2015 . The polarizing comments led Andres and another celebrity chef planning to open a restaurant at Trump 's new D.C. hotel , Geoffrey Zakarian , to back out of those plans . Trump promptly sued .
Each case has been pending for more than a year . While Trump might be expected to settle or even drop them at this point , lawyers involved in the suits said in recent days such a resolution is not close . The suits originally demanded $ 10 million apiece from the chefs and their financial backers . Over the past year , the Trump side 's damage claims have actually increased .
The deposition expected to occur this week stems from a suit they filed after prominent Washington chef Jose Andres backed out of plans to open a Spanish-themed restaurant at Donald Trump 's new luxury hotel in Washington . | Getty
“ To date , settlement efforts have failed , ” attorneys in the Andres suit said in a court filing last week .
“ We 're at an impasse , ” Woods told a judge at a hearing Tuesday in the Zakarian suit .
Trump 's attorneys say they 're not going to throw in the towel in those cases or others simply because Trump is headed for the White House .
“ I think we always show we 're willing to fight and litigate cases and have been very successful in the past even in taking cases all the way through trial , ” Martin said . “ We 're not just going to lie down when people sue us and think they have the political advantage , so we 'll settle just to get rid of something . That 's not something we 're interested in doing . ”
Nevertheless , after more than six years of hard-fought litigation , Trump 's team did strike a deal recently to head off a politically awkward trial set to open just after Thanksgiving in one of the Trump University class-action fraud lawsuits . The proposed settlement averted the spectacle of the president-elect taking the witness stand in a federal courtroom in their own defense just weeks before they take the oath of office .
While the $ 25 million deal scuttled the trial , it did not immediately close the books on the Trump University litigation . U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel has set a hearing for March 30 on the fairness of the settlement to those who paid about $ 1,500 for a three-day seminar or up to $ 35,000 for a one-on-one mentorship .
Trump U. attendees are expected to get about half those fees back under the settlement . Some who feel they deserve more can object to the deal in writing or in person at the March hearing in San Diego . Curiel seems likely to approve the settlement , but any individual objector can hold up the deal by filing an appeal that could drag the cases out for two or three years .
Given the political profile of the cases , objections and appeals seem like a live possibility . One legal expert says political actors might even put up money to encourage ex-Trump U. students to object .
“ I think these are far from done deals … If I were a person with money , a millionaire who tends to support people on the Democratic side , I 'd probably go to them and say I 'll give you five times the possible recovery to keep the suit going , ” said George Washington University law professor John Banzhaf . “ I could see people going to them and saying , ‘ Hold out … ' The opportunity for a high class law firm to get Trump on the stand and under oath and their top people on the stand and being questioned back and forth , that would be invaluable . ”
So far , 13 people have opted out of the Trump University litigation , meaning they are free to sue on their own — at least in theory , maybe even forcing the trial the settlement is intended to head off . However , according to Martin , none of those opting out have filed their own cases . It may be too late for them to do so since the program shut down in 2010 and the relevant statutes of limitations appear to have run out .
Martin said she 's not worried about those who opted out of the class-action cases .
“ A good portion of them did not want to participate in the lawsuits because they believed they were meritless . They were actually going to be witnesses at the trial—for us , ” they said . “ It 's a really good settlement for everybody . I think it would be very unfortunate if someone tried to bog it up simply to bog it up . ”
Trump will have to follow through on their part of the deal — putting up the money — now , while they wait to see if the settlement is approved . He 's required to fork over the $ 25 million by Jan. 18 , two days before the inauguration .
The settlement also sets aside $ 4 million to resolve a parallel lawsuit New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman filed against Trump University , later billed as the Trump Entrepreneur Initiative . Schneiderman is also investigating Trump 's private foundation over its fundraising and use of charitable funds . For now , that probe is effectively foiling Trump 's efforts to dissolve the foundation as they enter the White House .
Another lingering issue from the campaign involves Clinton 's persistent email scandal .
The dozens of pending Freedom of Information Act lawsuits over Clinton 's emails do n't target Trump personally , but may prove awkward for their appointees at the Justice Department who are defending the federal agencies involved . One of their duties will be to protect the privacy of Clinton and their aides in communications the government has refused to release .
One former Justice Department FOIA attorney said they doubt there will be much change in the government 's position in the cases despite the harsh campaign-trail criticism Trump leveled at Clinton over their use of a private email account and server .
“ Certainly , Trump will not be at all sympathetic to Hillary Clinton or their reputation in any way , but they or their Cabinet will see the same thing can happen to them , ” said Anne Weissman , former chief counsel at Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a liberal watchdog group . “ He 's going to have their own interest in having the very same kind of information protected under their administration . … I could be wrong because it is Trump and they defy the odds , but I would expect that despite the bizarreness of it , they will continue to defend these cases . ”
However , an activist involved in pressing the lawsuits for the Clinton emails and related records sounded hopeful — but not quite confident — that Trump 's team will take a different approach .
“ We 're not naïve , but it would be a nice surprise if the new administration accelerated the release of documents that are being stonewalled right now and basically stopped fighting us tooth and nail on every issue related to the Clinton email scandal , ” said Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch , a conservative watchdog group .
“ If you 're looking to drain the swamp , it 's one of the ways to expose what 's been going on . … You would think based on the campaign there would be [ a new attitude ] , but I 've been around too long to expect anything dramatic from the federal government . ”
McCain feeds America a junk food diet with Palin choice
John McCain has put themselves and the nation on a strict diet of political junk food by choosing Alaska Gov . Sarah Palin as the Republican vice presidential candidate .
While the national media and Internet are freely dispensing all the political junk food about Sarah Palin as fast as they can , many voters including those who were considering voting for John McCain ca n't stomach it . Can you ?
Here it is in one large spoonful .
Small-town white-female mayor who bullies librarians and museum directors , lobbies Washington to obtain federal funds and claims that they are against `` pork barrel politics , '' is elected governor of the state with one of the smallest populations in the country , so small that they can afford to work from home for most of the year and charge the taxpayers for working from home as a `` duty-station , '' lives closer to the melting Arctic ice caps than any other governor in the country but does not believe in global warming , cracks the whip in dog-sled races and in retaliation towards state officials who they think have wronged their family , and turns otherwise right-wing fundamentalist social vices into Republican political virtues .
What does it sound like when people ca n't stomach McCain 's political junk food diet ? `` Shame on John McCain for choosing Palin as their running mate . '' This is just one of the more common , and most disgusted of voter reactions to be heard , and which the media does not report on .
Who are these voters ? They include Republicans , independents and Democrats .
Why does n't the media cover these voter reactions ? For one , they are too busy photographing gleeful elderly white women cheering for Sarah Palin as if they had successfully photographed a species of wildlife long considered extinct .
The real reason , however , is that these voters no longer fit into a neat box of supporting Obama or McCain . They do not easily fit into the other available categories of `` undecided '' or `` swing voters . '' In fact , they may not vote at all -- and that makes the real untold story of John McCain 's campaign different than reports of how they discovered a `` chick magnet '' to resuscitate their dying presidential aspirations .
When McCain loses , reporters will swarm all over the real story , and it is how they alienated so many voters who were hoping that McCain was a serious leader and not just applying their self-acclaimed political maverick mentality on the voters .
`` Shame on John McCain '' also evokes such a strong feeling not just because people ca n't stomach McCain 's choice of Palin , but because John McCain repeatedly reveals a number of disappointing similarities to outgoing President Bush . It is not just the use of campaign tactics to win the presidency at any costs .
It is McCain 's and Bush 's ultra-thin skinned reaction when anyone in the public or the media criticizes their most obvious seriously bad choices and decisions , and the parallel stubborn trait of failing to see and acknowledge reality as others see it . You have probably seen McCain in action -- insulting their opponents because they are insulted by criticisms of Palin and their combination of personal dramas , false declarations , actions as a public official and overall lack of qualifications for serving as vice president let alone to step in as president .
Yet it is McCain 's inability to see clearly the nation 's economic woes that should trouble America the most . Sounding a lot like their former Senate colleague and economic advisor , Phil Gramm , who denied the existence of a recession and called America a country of whiners , McCain persistently claimed that the American economy was sound when every real soccer and hockey mom is worried sick about money . Suddenly , he 's declared that America is in a crisis .
Maybe it is McCain 's diet of political junk food that they and their entire campaign is consuming that has made them so cranky and desperate . Sens . Barack Obama and Joe Biden can contribute leadership , statesmanship , understanding and intelligence . That is the substantive diet the nation needs .
An anti-narcotics worker carries a bag containing cocaine during a drug incineration in Lima September 12 , 2013 . REUTERS/Mariana Bazo A new study used governmental data to prove that the war on drugs war has been largely ineffective .
The research is the `` first global snapshot '' of law enforcement 's progress in reducing drug supply , according to lead author and University of British Columbia professor Dr. Evan Wood .
Trends in drug supply were observed using drug prices and purity over time because drugs are generally cheaper and more pure when sellers are less motivated to dilute their product to increase yields .
Based on seven major illegal drug data surveillance systems , the researchers found that heroin , cocaine , and marijuana became significantly cheaper and more potent from 1990 to 2007 ( the last year for which data is publicly available ) .
This indicates , according to the authors , that drug supply has increased despite drug seizure trends having remained stable or increased .
`` By every metric , the war on drugs — which is estimated to have cost North Americans over the last 40 years over a trillion dollars — has really been hugely ineffective , '' Wood , who founded of the International Centre for Science in Drug Policy , told The Star . `` Drugs are more freely and easily available in our society than they 've ever been . ''
The average purity of heroin and cocaine in the U.S. increased by 60 % and 11 % , respectively , while weed became 161 % more potent .
At the same time , the average heroin and cocaine prices dropped by 81 and 80 % , respectively , while the price of cannabis fell by 86 % over that time . ( All prices have been adjusted for inflation and purity . )
Here 's marijuana :
Dr. Evan Wood The study notes that it could not look into methamphetamines because of lack of available data across regions , but the trend is reportedly the same : From 2007 to 2011 , the purity of available meth in the U.S. skyrocketed while the price tumbled from $ 290 per pure gram to less than $ 90 .
The authors conclude that the study is meant to highlight `` the need to re-examine the effectiveness of national and international drug strategies that place a disproportionate emphasis on supply reduction at the expense of evidence-based prevention and treatment of problematic illegal drug use . ''
I 've always wanted to be in a major league clubhouse before a game , just to see what goes on . I imagine a lot of messing around , playing video games and guys hiding from Pedro Gomez . And blasting music , of course .
Today in the Mets clubhouse , Justin Turner provided the background noise and , boy , was it ever specific .
Justin Turner evidently loves the song `` Wonderwall . '' It 's cool , we 've all got our own preferences . Personally , I 'm a sucker for Green Day 's `` I Hope You Had The Time Of Your Life ( Seinfeld End Of Series Clip Show Music ) , '' but different strokes , you know ? This however , according to Rubin , sounds like it wandered into overkill territory . Various covers played for at least an hour , even surviving a characteristic Bobby Parnell performance .
Advertisement
Thank god for that . There is nothing worse than repeating the same thing over and over and over and over .
The capitalist crisis and the conditions facing the youth
31 August 2011
A measure of the historical viability of a social system is the future it holds for the younger generation . From this standpoint , the conditions facing youth at the beginning of the new academic year are an indictment of the capitalist system .
More than two years after the supposed onset of the economic “ recovery , '' mass unemployment continues unabated , particularly among youth . On an international scale , falling growth rates and rising joblessness make clear there is no real recovery . Austerity measures being imposed in the US , Europe and Japan are compounding the social disaster . Students have no reason to believe they will have a chance of finding a decent job after graduation .
In the United States , the percentage of youth with a job this summer was the lowest of any year since World War II . Overwhelmingly , the jobs that are available are low-wage positions that do not pay enough to meet the soaring costs of higher education .
Tuition and student fees in the US , already the highest in the world , have risen by 130 percent over the past 20 years . This has led to record levels of indebtedness for young people . Millions leave college burdened by the knowledge that they may be in debt for the rest of their lives .
Thirty-six states in the US have announced funding cuts to public colleges and universities this year , amounting to a total of over $ 5 billion . Arizona has slashed higher education assistance by 22 percent , Colorado by 20.9 percent , and Washington by 23 percent . In California , students at public universities will find they have to pay $ 1,000 more in tuition this year than last .
Public schools are being closed by the hundreds , accompanied by an unprecedented wave of teacher layoffs . In 2010 , 151,000 education workers were laid off in the US . In the coming school year , a further 227,000 layoffs are planned , according to a recent survey by the American Association of School Administrators .
The terrible conditions facing youth are not unique to the United States . In Britain , university tuition is set to triple next year , from £3,000 to £9,000 . This has prompted a 30 percent rise in applicants this year , as millions of students seize their last chance at a reasonably affordable education . The flood of applicants means that tens of thousands will be turned away .
Youth unemployment is soaring across Europe . In Britain , it is 20 percent , up from 14 percent just three years ago . In Greece and Spain , where brutal austerity measures have sparked mass protests over the past year , youth unemployment stands at 40 percent and 46 percent , respectively . For the entire continent , it is over 20 percent .
All over the world , youth face the same predicament : there are no jobs , schools are starved of resources , decent employment and education are increasingly confined to the privileged few . Young people see their futures being stripped away to finance wars , bank bailouts and the extravagant wealth of the financial elite .
The younger generation will fight back as part of a resurgent movement of the working class . As Leon Trotsky wrote in 1938 during another period of capitalist crisis and social upheavals : `` Only the fresh enthusiasm and aggressive spirit of the youth can guarantee the preliminary successes in the struggle ; only these successes can return the best elements of the older generation to the road of revolution . ”
As young people begin to fight back , the questions of perspective and history are posed with particular acuteness . What is the way forward ? What type of struggle is required ? What political program is needed ?
Already the events of this year reveal the problem of political perspective . In Egypt and Tunisia , youth were a critical component of a revolutionary upsurge of the working class that ousted US-backed dictators who had held power for decades . Half a year later , however , the same military apparatuses remain in control of the state . In the absence of revolutionary leadership , the United States and other imperialist powers have utilized the social convulsions in the region to pursue their own predatory interests , most nakedly and criminally in the neo-colonial war in Libya .
In the US , mass demonstrations in Wisconsin earlier this year involving tens of thousands of young people and students heralded a far broader movement against cuts in education , health care and pensions . But the demonstrations were shut down by the trade unions with the aid of middle-class ex-left organizations such as the International Socialist Organization ( ISO ) , which worked to defuse the mass opposition and channel it behind an electoral campaign for the Democratic Party . This despite the fact that the unions accepted the cuts sought by the Republican governor and the Democrats openly endorsed them .
Workers and youth in the United States confront the fact that the election of Obama—who made a particular appeal to young people—has changed absolutely nothing . Obama , the candidate of “ change , '' is overseeing the destruction of public education and championing trillions of dollars in cuts in social programs , including basic entitlement programs that date back to the New Deal of the 1930s .
The recent riots in Britain expressed the discontent and despair of millions of young people , whose indignation at unemployment , poverty and police brutality can find no means of expression within the existing political system , and who have been completely abandoned by the trade unions and the representatives of a corrupt and affluent middle-class “ left . ”
The International Students for Social Equality , the student organization of the International Committee of the Fourth International and its affiliated Socialist Equality parties , is organizing students and young workers throughout the world in a struggle against war , inequality , unemployment and poverty .
The ISSE insists that the basic issues students face are inseparable from the conditions of the working class as a whole . These conditions can not be opposed simply within the confines of the schools and college campuses . Rather , students and youth must turn to the working class as a whole and fight for its international unity and independent political mobilization against the capitalist class and all of its political parties and representatives .
In the United States , this means a break with and implacable opposition to the Democratic Party , one of the two major parties of American big business . In Europe and internationally , it means opposition to the Social Democratic and “ Labor ” parties , which uniformly support right-wing , pro-corporate policies . It is not a question of pressuring the political establishment , as claimed by the ISO in the US and its counterparts internationally , but building a new party that fights for the establishment of a workers government and socialism .
Such a movement must be international . The ISSE rejects all attempts to divide workers and young people along national , racial , religious or ethnic lines . In particular , it opposes the efforts of the ruling class to whip up anti-immigrant sentiment and insists on the right of workers and youth to live wherever they choose with full citizenship and democratic rights .
Above all , this movement must be grounded on the understanding that the basic problem is the capitalist system itself . The alternative to capitalism , with its incessant wars , economic crises , and the scourge of mass unemployment , is socialism .
The socialist program demands a massive redistribution of wealth . It calls for the factories and businesses to be taken out of the hands of the billionaires and placed under public ownership and the democratic control of the population as a whole . These political demands are essential to securing the basic social rights of the working class , including the right to a good paying job , quality education , health care , housing and a world free of war and repression .
The ISSE will carry out a determined fight in the coming months at schools and campuses as well as in working class neighborhoods and at factories and work locations , confident that the perspective of socialist internationalism will find a growing audience among young people looking for a way forward .
We urge all students and young people to take up the fight for socialism by joining the ISSE and fighting to build the Socialist Equality Party as the new , revolutionary leadership of the working class . To find out more about the ISSE and sign up to join , click here .
Andre Damon
Andre Damon
The absurd procedural chokepoints in the US Senate are what is really killing climate legislation . From Grist , part of the Guardian Environment Network
A couple weeks ago I wrote a piece on what 's really killing climate legislation : the absurd procedural chokepoints in the U.S. Senate , coupled with an unprincipled minority devoted to obstruction . I 'm happy to report there 's been an uptick lately in people trying to draw attention to this problem . From the last week or two :
Here 's one thing to add to the discussion . The Copenhagen climate talks are coming up . The Obama administration has been scrupulously careful not to promise anything in international negotiations that it ca n't deliver—i.e. , that it ca n't get past the U.S. Senate .
Senate ratification of an international treaty requires not just 60 but 67 votes . Say 34 senators rally to block such a treaty—senators from , oh , Wyoming , Vermont , North Dakota , Alaska , South Dakota , Delaware , Montana , Rhode Island , Hawaii , New Hampshire , Maine , Idaho , Nebraska , West Virginia , New Mexico , Nevada , and Utah . Thus can representatives for 22,540,352 people—7.4 % of the population—block the will of the other 281,519,372 . Indeed , senators representing 7.4 % of Americans can thwart the entire world 's efforts to address the climate crisis .
Killing a treaty is easier than killing a clean energy bill . Why , killing a clean energy bill requires representatives for 25,289,049 people—fully 8.3 % of the population ! —to thwart the will of the remaining 278,770,675 . ( If you 're keeping score , the guilty parties here would be : Wyoming , Vermont , North Dakota , Alaska , South Dakota , Delaware , Montana , Rhode Island , Hawaii , New Hampshire , Maine , Idaho , Nebraska , West Virginia , New Mexico , Nevada , Utah , Kansas , Arkansas , Mississippi , and Iowa . ) For the record , 15 of those 21 states ( 71 % ) voted for Bush in 2004 .
Now of course it wo n't be these precise coalitions of senators that kill the COP15 treaty and the clean energy bill . They 'll snag high-population senators like Cornyn and Hutchison from Texas . But the point remains : the Senate , already unrepresentative thanks to the disproportionate influence of rural , low-population states , has become , thanks to the routine use of filibusters and holds , grotesquely undemocratic .
The country just ca n't be governed this way . And consequently , the world community can not coordinate to effectively meet the climate threat .
• This article was shared by our content partner Grist , part of the Guardian Environment Network
Votes are recounted at the Oakland County Intermediate School District in Waterford , on Tuesday , Dec. 6 , 2016 . ( Photo : Romain Blanquart Detroit Free Press )
DETROIT — After a lawyer urged them not to stick taxpayers with a $ 5 million recount tab , a federal judge on Wednesday dissolved their earlier decision and halted the hand recount of 4.8 million ballots that were cast for president in Michigan .
The issue , however , is far from over , as an appeal will follow .
U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith issued their written opinion late Wednesday , several hours after hearing arguments about whether a recount in Michigan is warranted or not .
The Michigan Republican Party and Michigan Attorney General 's Office argued it was not , stressing a state appellate court had already decided the issue and that Goldsmith should respect that 3-0 decision and halt the recount , which started Monday under an order from Goldsmith . The Michigan Court of Appeals ruled that Green Party candidate Jill Stein has no standing to seek a recount because they have no chance of winning . They came in fourth place , with 1 % of the vote .
But attorneys for Stein argued the recount must continue , stressing that thus far it has shown numerous voting problems across the state , particularly in Detroit , where more than half of the precincts ' ballots can not be recounted due to problems that have not been disclosed . They also argued that Stein is an aggrieved party if they participated in an election that was plagued with mistakes or fraud . And the voters of Michigan have a right to know that , too , they said .
`` There is no way of knowing whether fraud occurred without conducting the recount , '' Stein 's attorney , Hayley Horowitz , told Goldsmith during the hearing , arguing it is `` way to early '' to know if fraud was an issue .
After the hearing , Stein told the Detroit Free Press that so far , the recount appears to be exposing problems with Michigan 's election process , particularly in low-income , minority communities .
`` It is revealing some really troubling aspects of how elections are run here , '' Horowitz said of the recount . `` We think that 's part of the reason the recount should continue — to continue revealing those problems so that the people of Michigan can see how their election operates . ''
Recount opponents argue that that 's not what Michigan 's recount law was intended for . Rather , it was meant to help an aggrieved candidate change the outcome of an election , not to see if there is a problem , they argue .
`` Her entire purpose is to audit the Michigan system , '' John Bursh , of the Michigan Attorney General 's Office , said of Stein in court . They urged the judge numerous times to halt the recount and not stick Michigan taxpayers with a potentially $ 5 million recount tab for a candidate who has no chance of winning .
`` Do n't become the first federal court in the country to order a recount ... for a candidate who lost by 2 million votes , '' Bursh said .
Attorney Gary Gordon , who represents the Michigan Republican Party , also urged Goldsmith to stop the recount .
`` This candidate is not aggrieved in any sense of the word , '' Gordon said of Stein , stressing : `` It 's very unlikely that 2 million mistakes have been made . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2gWOe9N
When November began , I imagined the expanse of time ahead of me as something approaching endless . I had thought that I would get at least a half dozen patterns written , organize my office , and complete a thorough ( and much needed ) destash .
Alas this November was ( like all of the other months that preceded it ) far too short .
I did , however , work only from my stash .
I got a post-weaving in ends photo this morning :
Then moved onto completing the border :
and finally , after allowing it to soak in soapy water while my mother and I went to visit my cousin , I rolled the blanket between towels to wring out the water , and 15 minutes and five towels later it was ready to be photographed :
This November , I was not the efficient crochet pattern writing machine I had hoped to be ; instead , I was my ordinary , human self .
And while I still have several hours of work left to finish the pattern , the blanket is done , and I am ready to travel wherever my next crochet adventure takes me .
With over a dozen candidates officially declared for 2016 , it 's tough to keep track of where everyone stands . Just how liberal are Hillary Clinton 's policies compared with those of their fellow Democratic candidates ? Which GOP hopefuls can claim to be `` true conservatives '' ? Who are the moderates ? Who holds the most extreme views ?
In order to visualize every candidate in one chart , we compiled data from On the Issues , which collects `` votes , excerpts from speeches , press releases , and so on '' to score candidates across a variety of issues , from individual rights to economic policies .
We then converted those scores to a single spectrum from -10 ( most liberal ) to +10 ( most conservative ) , using visualization tools from InsideGov . Here 's what we found :
Hillary Clinton winds up a bit more liberal than average for a Democratic candidate , though Bernie Sanders would be the most left-leaning choice among Democrats . The Green Party 's Jill Stein would make for the most liberal president of all .
On the conservative side , Chris Christie is clearly the most moderate , while Ted Cruz has the most legitimate claim to the `` true conservative '' title .
But a single score can sometimes be misleading , particularly for candidates who hold more nuanced views in specific categories . The following chart breaks out each candidate 's score in four key categories .
With the specific issues broken out , we see that the Democrats tend to hold consistently liberal views , though Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley are a bit more conservative on defense and international issues .
Things get more complicated on the conservative side . Christie actually scores slightly liberal on domestic and individual rights issues , but their solidly conservative views on economics contribute to an overall score that 's right of center .
Predictably , Rand Paul is the most polarized , with heavily liberal views on defense contrasted with staunchly conservative views on individual rights .
An Atlanta Braves fan reacted to their team 's tough loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers by sending a letter Tuesday to a Republican member of congress that sardonically drew parallels between the baseball game and the government shutdown .
The letter from Paul Kaplan to Rep. Jack Kingston ( R-GA ) , reported by NBC Sports , drips with sarcasm .
In a thinly veiled reference to the House GOP 's relentless attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act , Kaplan noted that their beloved team “ sent batters to the plate at least 40 times ” in Monday 's 4-3 Dodgers win , which eliminated the Braves from the playoffs .
“ But just because we could n't score enough runs , the Dodgers refuse to relinquish the title — and worse , they wo n't even discuss it , ” Kaplan wrote . “ LA 's stubborn refusal to even talk to us about reversing the results of this series is un-sportsmanlike and un-American . But there is an answer : If the Dodgers wo n't listen to the cries of average Americans like you and me , then Congress should outlaw Major League Baseball until the Dodgers cave . ”
They then called on Kingston to take a stand .
“ Just because the Dodgers had more hits , scored more runs , and won more games does n't make them right , ” Kaplan wrote in closing . “ You can help them see that . ”
Read the entire letter here .
Yet another big technology corporation is bemoaning the lack of engineering talent for hire in the United States . This time it 's Google . With a money-quote from Craig R. Barrett , the chairperson of Intel : `` We are watching the decline and fall of the United States as an economic power - not hypothetically , but as we speak . ''
And who is taking our place ? Three of the nationalities mentioned as producing prominent engineering talent are Chinese , Indian , Russian . Now , keep those three countries in mind . Let 's take a look at a possible indicator , by checking Google Trends for keyword 'Linux ' , discovering who in the world has Linux on their minds enough to search for it .
By region , Russia and India are the top 2 .
By city , Russia , China , and India are in the top 3 .
By language , Russian and Chinese are in the top 5 .
The US is n't even in the top ten for region , has only one city in the top ten ( San Francisco , where all those `` libruls '' come from ! ) , and English was only tenth for language and dropped off by the time I could snag the screenshot .
Note that Google Trends will change from time to time , but this is a snapshot of today . It 's a typical example .
Now , I know the fashionable thing to do at this point is to shout , `` Correlation does not equal causation ! '' Well , no , but it does indicate a tie between events . I do n't have to explain that the more engineering knowledge a person has , the more likely they are to have heard of Linux , do I ?
I do ... but only to Americans . Americans are the ones saying of Linux ( and engineering in general ) , `` It 's too complicated , it 's only for elitist geeks . We have to dumb it down so Joe Sixpack can understand it . ''
Funny thing is , other countries do n't seem to be having problems understanding Linux ... or computing in general . Could it be , is it at all possible , that maybe the problem is not that Linux is better suited to engineers than Joe Sixpacks , but that the United States has too many Joe Sixpacks and not enough engineers ?
Other countries are happy to do the learning that Americans refuse to do . And , holy smokes , they get more work that way ! Wow , what a revelation !
I see this all the time in my freelancing work . Something like 90 % of my clients are outside the United States , mostly in the UK , Australia , and Canada . Since my work is in web-related business , for somebody to need my services they have to at least be aware of the existence of an Internet and have at least owned a computer and gotten some ways towards starting a website .
I notice my own little trend : people from other countries are surprised to find somebody like me - living in the heart of the US and yet very tech savvy . I can both deal with the technical side of a website , and write content for the website in good American English . That last part is important , because when it comes to consumers as opposed to producers , Americans are still number one .
At least ... until recently . Recently , just this year , I 've been seeing more job postings that specify `` UK English '' . And now I install EN-UK spell-checkers . More and more I say 'petrol ' instead of 'gas ' , 'chips ' instead of 'french fries ' , and 'coach ' instead of 'bus ' . As if I were n't enough of an alien in my home country already .
That 's why I giggle when some redneck barks at me , `` If you do n't like it , why do n't you leave ? '' Hey , I 'm the son of an immigrant , my late father having migrated to the USA from Yugoslavia when they were a teen . Where did my interest in computers come from ? From my father , who was the first to put a computer in my hands , way back in the 80s . They saw it coming .
And now , every day when I sit down in my home office to work , I already HAVE left America . Professionally , I am a citizen of the world . I could almost declare an embassy zone around my desk . Last American client I had gone broke before they could get their business going , and the one before that , too .
The skills are coming from other countries . You want to pass laws to prevent those rowdy foreigners from taking American jobs ? Fine , then , the jobs will move to other countries . So now America is going broke . Well , then , the customers will be in other countries , too . There you go , America ! You 'll be hopping over the south fence to pick lettuce for Mexicans at this rate , but at least thank God you did n't have to join those rotten elitists !
Even that one glimmer of hope I was talking about a couple of posts back , `` A Little Start-Up Success Story '' ? That freelancer they hired was from the Ukraine ( hint : it 's close to Russia ) , and the eventual staff of 20 employees they assembled were from five different countries .
America needs a renaissance , and it is n't going to get one . The Old World Dark Ages ran for a good 500 years ; America is just starting its own . There is no easy fix ; there are n't even any hard fixes . The problem is n't the economy or education or government , but culture . The United States has developed a culture of entitled laziness , and other countries do not . It 's as simple as that .
This is part of the reason why I 've been blogging less and less and focusing my efforts on new horizons . To get more engineers , first we need young people who want to be engineers . To have that , first we need a culture of encouragement for those young people to grow up in , where learning is honored instead of spit upon . That culture exists in other countries , but not in the United States .
It 's never happening here in my lifetime , so I 'm going to stop hoping for it . End of line .
Update : And lo , it came to pass , that the testimony of Penguin Pete was echoed by a top Indian CEO . Americans are unemployable .
`` Many American grads looking to enter the tech field are preoccupied with getting rich , Vineet said . They 're far less inclined than students from developing countries like India , China , Brazil , South Africa , and Ireland to spend their time learning the `` boring '' details of tech process , methodology , and tools -- ITIL , Six Sigma , and the like . ''
Got that now ? What Mr. Vineet means , but is too polite to say , is that Americans want something for nothing ( `` preoccupied with getting rich '' ) and do n't want to WORK ( `` spend their time learning '' ) ! ! !
I wish I could just beat this into people 's heads . Americans are throwing themselves in the trashcan . None of them heed what any of us around the world are trying to tell them . They 're too busy being rednecks screaming `` Were numbur WON ! '' and denouncing you as unpatriotic or elitist if you tell them that they do ANY wrong at all .
The country that was so precious , it was worth spilling the blood of hundreds of patriots for only 230 years ago is now not important enough to think about for one minute . Never was something won so hard with so much toil and then wasted with so much apathy .
Update two I go to bed and get up , and there it is as currently the top submission on Reddit . Did the Americans respond the way I said they would ? Of course they did !
Update 9/7/09 : I like this quote I just saw : `` No , this is the latest battleground , because America , its discourse and its governance has , to put it as tersely as possible , become all but enslaved to the stupidest , most uneducated , trashiest , most fanatic , most incompetent , most mentally unbalanced , most flat out fucking dumb set of people to ever manage to walk upright . '' - That 's even more to the point of what I said , without as much sugar-coating .
Where do you think that quote 's from ? No , not some 2-bit political ranter , but the Daily Kos .
Sheeeeesh ! Nobody ever should accuse me of being radical again .
“ I can smell this building . You 've got sunlight coming through , but there 's coldness in the damp and there 's rot and decay under the stage . There used to be light and cheer and happiness where people would come to escape something , transcend something . But now no longer . There 's a chair there . Who was the last person to sit on the chair and why is it sat there and what was that chair like when it was new ? These things we see around—they were new at some point , and someone was proud of them . I want to plug them into some kind of speaker that would tell me the story of what went on , and where these things came from . What is this metal that 's hanging down here ? What 's going on up there , through that circle and that square ?
I can smell the mildew and the dust , and it reminds me of the cleaners where my mum used to work . It was in an old building in a town where they used to make carpets , and it used to creep me out because I 'd have to go to the toilet out the back and it was full of spiders and smelled of disinfectant . You could n't go in the attic much because if you did , you 'd fall through the ceiling . It was always , “ Do n't go up there , Karl. ” But I did go up there sometimes , and you 'd hear the sound of your feet on the bare wooden boards . It was n't meant for bare wooden boards ; it was meant for something gentler and more gentile , in kinder times . ”
The 2016 presidential elections are proving historic , and not just because of the surprising success of self-proclaimed socialist Bernie Sanders , the lively debate among feminists over whether to support Hillary Clinton , or Donald Trump 's unorthodox candidacy .
The elections are also groundbreaking because they 're revealing more dramatically than ever the corrosive effect of big money on our decaying democracy .
Following the 2010 Citizens United Supreme Court decision and related rulings , corporations and the wealthiest Americans gained the legal right to raise and spend as much money as they want on political candidates .
The 2012 elections were consequently the most expensive in U.S. history . And this year 's races are predicted to cost even more . With the general election still six months away , donors have already sunk $ 1 billion into the presidential race — with $ 619 million raised by candidates and another $ 412 million by super PACs .
Big money in politics drives grave inequality in our country . It also drives war .
After all , war is a profitable industry . While millions of people all over the world are being killed and traumatized by violence , a small few make a killing from the never-ending war machine .
During the Iraq War , for example , weapons manufacturers and a cadre of other corporations made billions on federal contracts .
Most notoriously this included Halliburton , a military contractor previously led by Dick Cheney . The company made huge profits from George W. Bush 's decision to wage a costly , unjustified , and illegal war while Cheney served as their vice president .
Military-industrial corporations spend heavily on political campaigns . They 've given over $ 1 million to this year 's presidential candidates so far — over $ 200,000 of which went to Hillary Clinton , who leads the pack in industry backing .
These corporations target House and Senate members who sit on the Armed Forces and Appropriations Committees , who control the purse strings for key defense line items . And cleverly , they 've planted factories in most congressional districts . Even if they provide just a few dozen constituent jobs per district , that helps curry favor with each member of Congress .
Thanks to aggressive lobbying efforts , weapons manufacturers have secured the five largest contracts made by the federal government over the last seven years . In 2014 , the U.S. government awarded over $ 90 billion worth of contracts to Lockheed Martin , Boeing , General Dynamics , Raytheon , and Northrop Grumman .
Military spending has been one of the top three biggest federal programs every year since 2000 , and it 's far and away the largest discretionary portion . Year after year , elected officials spend several times more on the military than on education , energy , and the environment combined .
Lockheed Martin 's problematic F-35 jet illustrates this disturbingly disproportionate use of funds . The same $ 1.5 trillion Washington will spend on the jet , journalist Tom Cahill calculates , could have provided tuition-free public higher education for every student in the U.S. for the next 23 years . Instead , the Pentagon ordered a fighter plane that ca n't even fire its own gun yet .
Given all of this , how can anyone justify war spending ?
Some folks will say it 's to make us safer . Yet the aggressive U.S. military response following the 9/11 attacks — the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan , the NATO bombing of Libya , and drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen — has only destabilized the region . “ Regime change ” foreign policies have collapsed governments and opened the doors to Islamist terrorist groups like ISIS .
Others may say they support a robust Pentagon budget because of the jobs the military creates . But dollar for dollar , education spending creates nearly three times more jobs than military spending .
We need to stop letting politicians and corporations treat violence and death as “ business opportunities. ” Until politics become about people instead of profits , we 'll remain crushed in the death grip of the war machine .
And that is the real national security threat facing the United States today .
was hit by two coughing fits on Labor Day , with one taking four minutes during a campaign speech and the other on their plane
Hillary Clinton said they were feeling 'better ' Tuesday after flooding their system allergy-fighting antihistamines .
'As I said , it , you know , it happens like crazy during the spring when the pollen comes , and it happens in the fall when the pollen comes , ' they said .
'It lasts for a couple days and then it disappears . '
They said there 's likely a large collection of videos 'going back decades ' to corroborate them story .
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Taking questions : Hillary Clinton went into the reporters ' section of their campaign plane for the second day in a row and claimed their health was fine , saying coughing was because of 'pollen '
Medicated : Clinton said they had taken antihistamines to deal with allergies which they blamed on pollen
' I 'm sure that someone is compiling right now , ' said the 68-year-old Democrat , whose health has been a frequent target for Republicans .
'Now the advice , of course , is just do n't talk for a day or two , ' they said . 'Yeah , that 's not gon na work for me . Not gon na happen . I 'm just gon na keep talking ... power through .
They predicted , 'By tomorrow it will be fine . '
Clinton coughed and wheezed through their first speech of the day on Monday , pausing repeatedly to wet their whistle at a Labor Day festival in Cleveland , Ohio .
Later , they had to excuse themselves mid-way through a media availability with reporters during a flight when the cough came back .
Despite having a bottle of water in their hands , they were handed another glass by an aide and then turned round and walked back to their section at the front of the plane .
They finished up the question and answer session when the plane hit the ground .
At the rally Clinton said they were having an 'allergic reaction ' to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , also in Cleveland on Monday .
Trump 's campaign manager , Kellyanne Conway , quipped that the coughing fit was a reaction to flying with the press for first time .
' I 'm allergic to him . That 's what I said , ' Clinton told reporters Tuesday morning as their campaign plane was taking off for Tampa , Florida .
Hillary Clinton caught a case of dry mouth on Monday afternoon that caused them to choke and cough through the first few minutes of their stump speech at a Labor Day event in Ohio
Clinton washed down a throat lozenge after the coughing fit , which they comically wrote off as an allergic reaction to Donald Trump
Second attack : Hillary Clinton suffered another bout of coughing on Monday on their campaign plane when they went to speak to reporters
Handed glass : The candidate already had a bottle of water in their hand when they were handed a glass , apparently also containing water , and returned to their section of the campaign plane
Clinton 's plane made its maiden voyage on Monday from White Plains , New York , to Cleveland .
The candidate came back to the press section to welcome reporters before the first flight and spoke to them at length from the aircraft between events in Ohio and Illinois that afternoon .
' I love having the plane . The plane makes everything so much easier , ' they declared Tuesday as they surprised reporters for a second day in a row with a morning greeting .
As they did on Monday , Clinton promised to come back for a longer , more substantive chat , after reporters began throwing out questions that went beyond the scope of the conversation .
Before they left Clinton responded to an inquiry about their feelings about Trump 's plane sitting on the tarmac when they arrived in Cleveland Monday .
' I did n't feel anything . Was I supposed to ? ' they asked .
They added , ' I 've seen it before , he 's flown it all over the United States , and it 's usually parked where I 'm about to take off from or land . I 've never been on it . '
Caesars ' failure to turn a profit on its casino empire for five years running was not a topic to be broached at the glitzy grand opening of the Horseshoe Baltimore last month .
Hours before a Wall Street analyst advised clients that Caesars Entertainment Corp. , operator of the new casino , could wind up in bankruptcy court , the company had hosted a star-studded celebration at its South Baltimore facility .
As the champagne flowed and showgirls fluttered about , guests at the August 26 reception heard speeches by Gov . Martin O'Malley and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake lauding the 1,700 new jobs at the casino and hoped-for property tax relief from future gambling revenues .
They were entertained by Australian pop star Iggy Azalea and rubbed shoulders with celebrity chefs Guy Fieri and Duff Goldman .
But given the lawsuits by bondholders charging Caesars with a battery of fiduciary lapses , perhaps the most revealing feature of the evening was a gravity-defying performance of “ vertical dancing ” by a California troupe .
After all , skirting around the company 's financial problems has been something of a parlor game among local officials since the company applied for a license to open the slots hall on the site of a former chemical factory on Russell Street .
Embracing Caesars
This was the second go-around for Baltimore after Canadian homebuilder Michael Moldenhauer 's plan for a casino was rejected by the Video Lottery Facility Location Commission in 2009 .
Caesars ' application came on September 23 , 2011 , shortly after it signaled its intentions by writing a $ 4,000 check ( the legal maximum ) for Mayor Rawlings-Blake 's campaign for mayor . ( We wrote about the contribution in this post . )
The other applicant , Baltimore City Casino LLC headed by Prince George 's County minority business person Charles Hopkins , was rejected because it did n't include an upfront $ 22 million licensing fee .
So that left one proposed casino operator needing to win the approval of the Maryland Video Lottery Facility Location Commission , which was chaired by Donald C. Fry , president and CEO of downtown 's Greater Baltimore Committee .
_____________________________________________
PART 1 : Wall Street sharks circling the financially bleeding operator of Horseshoe Baltimore
_________________________________________
Caesars ' sheer bulk – operating 50 casinos on four continents – was apparently enough to impress local and state leaders that Baltimore was getting a sure winner .
In its formal presentation to the panel on November 14 , 2011 , Caesars ' top brass discussed their commitment to urban neighborhoods ( “ to make them vibrant places to live and work ” ) , environmental sustainability success stories ( “ reduced water consumption in laundry facilities ” ) , their unique customer loyalty program , their dedication to minority hiring , their concern about “ problem gaming ” – in fact , just about everything except the company 's recent financial performance .
Tucked away in an appendix on page 46 of the 47-page presentation was a chart ( invitingly titled “ Reconciliation of Net ( Loss ) /Income to Property EBITDA TTM Q3 ” ) that gave a snapshot of Caesars ' deteriorating operating condition .
It showed the company had a $ 1.018 billion loss through the third quarter of 2011 before income taxes .
After Uncle Sam credited the company with more than $ 350 million in tax benefits , the company reported a net loss of $ 665.3 million .
But no one on the commission apparently took notice .
Unanimously approving the application in July 2012 , the panel praised the Caesars group for “ possess [ ing ] sufficient financial and business resources to operate a successful video lottery facility . ”
Cutting Some Quiet Deals
At that point , the state stepped aside and negotiations for the disposition of land for the casino and its parking garage was placed in the hands of the quasi-public Baltimore Development Corporation ( BDC ) .
The upshot was hundreds of pages of land-lease and property sale agreements that held some winning cards for Caesars .
The city , for example , sold land along Warner Street for a casino parking garage for $ 5.9 million , but allowed CBAC Gaming ( the casino 's corporate entity ) to pay only $ 1.2 million at settlement , with the remaining $ 4.7 million due in 2017 in a lump sum payment without interest .
The agreements , signed in the fourth quarter of 2012 , came as Caesars ' losses ballooned by $ 810 million from the previous year and reached slightly under $ 1.5 billion after tax benefits .
Caesars blamed Hurricane Sandy for many of its problem , including the loss of gaming dollars at its Atlantic City casinos . But most striking about the financials was that , despite the opening of a new Horseshoe casino in Cleveland , revenues had crawled up by only $ 13.4 million – and almost all of it due to “ higher revenues from the company 's online businesses . ”
In other words , Caesars ' regional casino revenues were turning flat , or in the case of Atlantic City shrinking , just as Baltimore was formally inking its deal with the company .
Pushing forward
But that did n't stop either Caesars or City Hall . At groundbreaking ceremonies for the casino in May 2013 , Mayor Rawlings-Blake stood beside Caesars ' chairperson and CEO Gary Loveman to hail the casino as the best thing to happen to Baltimore since they proclaimed the Grand Prix race ( now discontinued ) an economic “ game changer . ”
“ Horseshoe brings with it the promise of a new day , ” they said , whereupon they and Loveman threw a pair of jumbo-sized red dice down a crap table to the sound of clapping hands and clicking cameras .
But the roll of Caesars ' financial fortunes only went from bad to worse as the slots palace took shape on Russell Street . The company 's losses for 2013 doubled from 2012 – hitting a staggering $ 3 billion .
Loveman and the Caesars team undertook various restructurings of the company , spinning out new entities that have been challenged by some bondholders as the “ fraudulent ” siphoning off of the company 's more profitable assets .
Two weeks before Caesars opened Horseshoe Baltimore , it again shocked investors by reporting a net loss of $ 466 million in the second quarter of 2014 – double the $ 212 million loss in its ( miserable ) 2013 quarter .
The per-share loss of $ 3.24 per share was almost triple the consensus estimate of a $ 1.19 per share loss for the quarter .
Such news should have put a damper on the grand opening celebration of August 26 . In any other kind of business , it probably would . But gambling is a world of hopes and dreams and illusions . Another roll of the dice and your problems will magically go away .
As a master at scientifically tracking and satisfying its customers ' desires , Caesars made people happy that night . Maryland 's political leaders , mesmerized by the easy money they were sure would soon be flowing down Russell Street , were n't about to break the spell .
____________________________________________
PART 3 : A mathematics prodigy from Indiana ( via MIT and Harvard ) leads Caesars down the path of expansion – and debt .
