The memorial site at the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp in Poland was closed for a short time on Friday due to the actions of a group of about a dozen protesters who slaughtered a sheep , lit a fire , took off their clothes and chained themselves to the famous gate that reads “ Arbeit Macht Frei ” ( “ work sets you free ” ) .
The protesters also draped a white banner emblazoned “ love ” over the famous sign . A spokesperson for the Auschwitz memorial said the protesters ' motives were not clear , but some reports suggested that the group was protesting against the armed conflict in Ukraine .
Szokujący incydent w Auschwitz . Grupa 11 osób rozebrała się przed bramą , zabiła owcę , wrzuciła petardę . Interweniowały służby porządkowe . pic.twitter.com/vSA0KxtmFG— Marcin Makowski ( @ makowski_m ) March 24 , 2017
The group reportedly used a drone to film the disturbance .
The museum said the guards ordered the group to dress and alerted the police . The site was temporarily shut down and the museum intends to file a formal complaint with the prosecutor 's office . A police officer on duty , Grzegorz Babiuch , told reporters the group of young people was detained for questioning .
“ The police [ are ] investigating the case , ” the museum said in a statement , adding that visitors could return to the site after their work is completed .
“ Using the symbol of Auschwitz to any kind of manifestation of happenings is outrageous and unacceptable . It is disrespectful to the memory of all the victims of the German Nazi Auschwitz concentration camp , ” the statement said .
During World War II the Nazis killed some 1.1 million people at Auschwitz , mostly Jews .
—Haaretz
Skiing is somewhere in the vicinity of 22,000 years old—not as sport or recreation , but as a critical mode of transportation for early hunters . But skiing as Americans know it today , complete with high-speed chairlifts and cozy lodges selling overpriced French fries , only began to boom in the mid-1950s . With the advent of artificial snow and metal skis during that decade and plastic boots the next , more Americans took up the sport . Ski resorts , in turn , introduced new amenities to attract bigger crowds with each passing year .
LIFE photographer George Silk hit the slopes in 1957 to capture the building frenzy . A record 3.5 million skiers had made their ways down America 's mountains the previous year , and several of the resorts they visited in Vermont—Stowe , Mount Snow , Mad River Glen—were hosted to ever more luxurious lodges , high-end apparel and , most of all , epic crowds . “ As the peak late-February season approached , ” LIFE declared , “ the question was where all the skiers would find room to ski . ”
The more skiers there were , the more the businesses rose to meet their demands . Mount Snow served up almost 20,000 hot dogs in a single weekend . Equipment rentals , previously unavailable , now came with free lessons . At Mad River Glen , skiers at the end of a long run could shed their gear and slip into a Catholic Mass . The only ones who were n't pleased were the “ old-line ski addicts , ” who viewed new adopters of their sport as “ a nuisance that crowds the slopes and inns they once had to themselves . ”
But the newcomers were there to stay . The record 3.5 million who hit the slopes in 1956 pale in comparison to statistics for the 2014-2015 winter season , during which 53.6 million people made tracks in the powdery white stuff .
Liz Ronk , who edited this gallery , is the Photo Editor for LIFE.com . Follow them on Twitter @ lizabethronk .
Syrian father says they were rounded up and deported back to Daraa along with others after being arrested in the Jordanian capital as part of a wider crackdown on Syrians in the kingdom
Syrian refugees have been forced out of camps in Jordan by Jordanian authorities and arbitrarily returned — mostly to Daraa provice — in what has become known as a policy of `` ejection outside the border , '' which has put tens of thousands of refugees under the threat and specter of permanent expulsion .
Large and continuing waves of refugees have pushed Jordanian authorities to close the border completely . This has led to a number of newer camps being set up inside Syria , with the largest being the Al-Rukban camp to the east of the Suweida province .
The major escalation of “ ejection ” during the last few weeks , and its transformation into a state of randomness , affects any person upon whom the Jordanian gendarmerie lay their hands . Even carrying a license or a refugee ID , or residing in compliance with all laws , has not prevented Syrians from being arrested suddenly and `` ejected '' from the border to inside Daraa province . This is what happened to Abdullah al-Rufaie , from the Daraa countryside , who told Enab Baladi that they were in possession of a refugee ID from a police station in the Jordanian capital Amman , and that according to the ID their presence in the country was completely legal .
They added , `` During the last few months the Jordanian authorities gave all Syrian refugees a deadline to exchange the temporary IDs in their possession for another , new one . Along with my family , I exchanged our IDs at one of the police stations near where we were living . ''
However , this did not spare Abdullah from what they had heard from a number of refugees about the arbitrary expulsion campaigns . `` It 's always hard to believe that any person would be expelled without a reason . I was thinking that there were violations the refugee had committed , and that this was what pushed the authorities to expel them . '' But the young man faced the same situation in mid-November , 2016 , when they were stopped while walking in one of Amman 's markets .
`` I was stopped by a security patrol , and they asked for my identity papers , and so I showed them the ID . They told me that it was forged , and then took me to a bus nearby which contained a number of Syrian refugees . ''
Abdullah said that they tried hard to confirm to them that the ID was legal and asked them to look into it , but to no avail . `` When they put me in the bus , I was trying to convince them that the ID was legal , until one of the Syrians in the bus told me not to wear myself out . All of them had legal IDs and they had been arrested on the accusation that it was forged . '' The passengers were all taken to the Rabaa Serhan on the Syrian-Jordanian border , to be transported , according to Abdullah , inside Daraa province the next day .
The Kingdom of Jordan has received more than 650,000 Syrian refugees , according to the United Nations refugee agency . They are distributed throughout camps , most prominently Zaatari camp , the largest camp in the region . Most Syrian refugees reside inside Jordanian cities , especially Erbid and Al-Ramtha , in addition to some other cities such as the capital Amman , Zarqa , Jarash and Mafraq . These refuges are not free of challenges and difficulties , beginning with rising rent and the cost of living , and including the obstacles to obtaining work permits . Syrians in Jordan over the past few years have suffered a great deal , to the extent that migrating to foreign countries has become the first choice for many , despite the fact that they suffer few difficulties in acclimatizing and integrating into Jordanian society , which in nature and customs greatly resembles Syrian society in the south .
New reality inside Syria
Inside Syria , a new journey begins . One returning this way is confronted with a fait accompli , and it 's up to them to adapt quickly . Abdullah added that : `` The biggest difficulty is if the person returning is the head of a family , meaning their family is now alone in Jordan , and it is now up to them to sort their affairs out themselves or to prepare to follow the head of the family to Syria . ''
In Syria , attempts to readapt begin once again , searching for a home and work and means of communicating with relatives and friends . Abdullah said that , `` The hardest thing that happens is that they expel you in hours , without giving you any chance to get your affairs or the affairs of your family in order . It 's been about a month since I returned , and my family is still in Jordan , trying to sell the contents of our house there and end some arrangements which are difficult for them to carry out in my absence . ''
Some unofficial estimates indicate that the number of refugees returning from Jordan to Syria — voluntarily or forced — is nearly 1,000 per week . Although Jordanian authorities are violating international humanitarian law with the ejections and despite the UNHCR calling on authorities more than once to stop expelling refugees , most efforts have ended with failure .
This article was translated and edited by The Syrian Observer . Responsibility for the information and views set out in this article lies entirely with the author .
February 28 , 2017 ( Washington , D.C. ) – The Sikh Coalition 's powerhouse team is expanding , and we have set a deadline of March 6th to apply for our National Advocacy Manager position .
We 're looking for a fierce and driven advocate with experience working on legal and policy issues . Click here to learn more about this position .
Reporting to the Managing Director of Programming , the National Advocacy Manager will be responsible for driving our advocacy work nationwide . The National Advocacy Manager will work in coordination with the Sikh Coalition 's attorneys and communications professionals and in partnership with external allies in the civil rights community .
We are also hiring for several additional career and internship positions . Click here to see all of our current openings .
Senior Staff Attorney : You will provide direct legal assistance and advocate on behalf of Sikhs who have been discriminated against or subject to bias based upon their religious beliefs or identity .
Operations Manager : You will manage our day-to-day national operations including finances , technology and human resources in addition to providing programmatic support and managing our volunteer network .
Legal Fellow : You are a recent law school graduate who is ready to commit to a three-to-six-month fellowship to work with our legal team , conduct legal research and interface with our clients .
College and graduate students , please check out our summer internship opportunities . We are currently accepting applications for this year 's summer internship program on a rolling basis until April 15th .
The Sikh Coalition is a nonprofit community-based organization that works towards the realization of civil and human rights for all people . The organization was launched in direct response to discrimination and backlash against Sikhs in America after 9/11 . Since its inception , the Sikh Coalition has grown into the largest Sikh civil rights organization in the United States by delivering lasting and measurable results on behalf of Sikhs and non-Sikhs alike . Our policy advocacy has resulted in historic changes to the U.S. Army 's appearance regulations ; an expansion of federal hate crime tracking ; and the adoption of stronger equal employment protections for religious minorities in California , Oregon and New York City .
Not ready to join the team ? Consider making a gift to the Sikh Coalition today by clicking here . In order for us to collectively succeed , we must individually contribute .
Gabapentin comes as a capsule , a tablet , an extended-release ( long-acting ) tablet , and an oral solution ( liquid ) to take by mouth . Gabapentin capsules , tablets , and oral solution are usually taken with a full glass of water ( 8 ounces [ 240 milliliters ] ) , with or without food , three times a day .
These medications should be taken at evenly spaced times throughout the day and night ; no more than 12 hours should pass between doses . The extended-release tablet ( Horizant ) is taken with food once daily at about 5 PM . Follow the directions on your prescription label carefully , and ask your doctor or pharmacist to explain any part you do not understand . Take gabapentin exactly as directed . Do not take more or less of it or take it more often than prescribed by your doctor .
Gabapentin extended-release tablets can not be substituted for another type of gabapentin product . Be sure that you receive only the type of gabapentin that was prescribed by your doctor . Ask your pharmacist if you have any questions about the type of gabapentin you were given .
Swallow the extended-release tablets whole ; do not cut , chew , or crush them .
If your doctor tells you to take one-half of a regular tablet as part of your dose , carefully split the tablet along the score mark . Use the other half-tablet as part of your next dose . Properly dispose of any half-tablets that you have not used within several days of breaking them .
If you are taking gabapentin to control seizures or PHN , your doctor will probably start you on a low dose of gabapentin and gradually increase your dose as needed to treat your condition . If you are taking gabapentin to treat PHN , tell your doctor if your symptoms do not improve during your treatment .
Gabapentin may help to control your condition but will not cure it . Continue to take gabapentin even if you feel well . Do not stop taking gabapentin without talking to your doctor , even if you experience side effects such as unusual changes in behavior or mood . If you suddenly stop taking gabapentin tablets , capsules , or oral solution , you may experience withdrawal symptoms such as anxiety , difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep , nausea , pain , and sweating . If you are taking gabapentin to treat seizures and you suddenly stop taking the medication , you may experience seizures more often . Your doctor may decrease your dose gradually over at least a week .
Your doctor or pharmacist will give you the manufacturer 's patient information sheet ( Medication Guide ) when you begin treatment with gabapentin and each time you refill your prescription . Read the information carefully and ask your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions . You can also visit the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) website ( http : //www.fda.gov/Drugs ) or the manufacturer 's website to obtain the Medication Guide .
“ You 've got to be kind of skeptical about it , ” Howard Silverblatt , a senior index analyst at Standard and Poor 's , said of the apparent rebound . “ What we 've seen is just nice presentations and spreadsheets . ”
According to the S. & P. 's data , Mr. Silverblatt said , sales at major corporations fell 7.1 percent in the second quarter from the period a year earlier . That is actually a bit of good news , since sales plunged 16 percent in the first quarter . But Mr. Silverblatt said many businesses will be in trouble if they can not increase sales by the fourth quarter . “ There 's only so much you can cut , ” they said .
Before the disappointments from Microsoft and American Express , the Dow Jones industrial average rose 188.03 points , or 2.12 percent , to 9,069.29 . The Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index jumped 22.22 points , or 2.33 percent , to 976.29 , and the Nasdaq composite index climbed 47.22 points , or 2.45 percent , to 1,973.60 .
While all three indexes have recovered strongly from their lows of March , the broad S. & P. 500 is still far below where it was a year ago , when it was flying high near 1,300 .
Photo
Where stocks go from here will , of course , depend on the course of the economy . Some economists caution that the incipient economic recovery could falter , resulting in a double-dip recession that would snuff out the recent stock market rally .
But for now , the optimists say that poking holes in recent earnings statements misses the point . Investors , as ever , are looking ahead , and they are bullish on the prospects of many companies .
“ The excitement is where we might be 12 months from now , ” said David Kovacs , the chief investment officer at Turner Investment Partners . “ It does require some leap of faith , but I find this rally extremely justifiable . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Others point out that the improvement in the financial markets will help companies recover .
Many companies , including AT & T and Xerox , have managed to sell new shares to primp their balance sheets and raise cash . Others have sold bonds as the credit markets have thawed . Ford and others have refinanced their credit lines — a feat that would have been difficult , if not impossible , to pull off only months ago . And big banks , though suffering from bad loans , have at least stabilized .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Stephen Stanley , the chief economist at RBS Greenwich Capital , said that during this recession companies have cut back far more quickly and efficiently than they did in the past .
“ Firms are now much more nimble in terms of their payroll , ” they said .
But given the deep cuts , Mr. Stanley said the worry is that even though the economy might recover , employment could lag .
“ The fear now is a jobless recovery , ” they said . “ Firms have cut operations to the bone . ”
In other news , the September crude oil contract rose $ 1.76 , to $ 67.16 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
“ The outlook for oil is still pretty positive , ” said Benjamin Dell , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein . “ What we 're seeing is demand beginning to recover particularly in Asia . ”
They added , “ Arguably we expect the price of oil to continue to push up beyond $ 75 a barrel as we get toward the end of the year . ”
Demand for Treasuries continued to fall as the equities markets attracted investor capital . The government also announced that it would auction a record $ 115 billion worth of bonds in July .
The price of the benchmark 10-year note fell by 29/32 , to 95 20/32 . The yield rose to 3.66 percent , from 3.54 percent Wednesday .
“ How can I stay here ? ” they asked . “ The old , the young , everyone has to keep watch on the village every night to protect the women . All the women are going to Malaysia , so I will go to Malaysia , too . ”
Now , as they heaved their children into the boat in the darkness , their mind was a jumble of relief , fear and regret .
Malaysia is a Muslim nation , they knew , and they believed they and their children would be safe there .
But they had not told their husband they were coming . They hoped they would still be happy to see them , and that they would find the money to pay the smugglers .
“ I had to take the boat full of sadness and fear in my heart , ” they said . “ My husband would n't let anyone kill us . They would rescue us somehow . ”
Most of all , though , they were tormented by the thought of Jubair .
What would become of him , alone in Thayet Oak , exposed to the very dangers they were running from ? What would have become of their other children if they had stayed ?
When it was time to leave , Jubair was off with friends in another village , and there was no time to think . They gathered up the other children , packed a bundle with a few changes of clothes for the children and three plastic bottles of water , and fled .
Now , as the shoreline receded in the distance , they wished they had had a chance to explain their decision to Jubair , and to hug them goodbye .
Today 's post is an interview with Greg Boyd over their most recent book Benefit of the Doubt : Breaking the Idol of Certainty . It was pleasure to read and I think many people will be helped by their approach—and I do n't mind saying they and I are on the same page on the heart of the matter ( e.g. , here , here , here , here , and here ) .
Readers should expect from the book far more than Boyd 's take on doubt . I saw here a far-ranging book that casts a vision for the Christian life in general—doubt serving as something of an irritant to bring a good many things to the surface . It 's one of those books that needed to be written , and Boyd , as a pastor and trained biblical scholar , pulls it off .
How is doubt a benefit ?
Many today assume that doubt is the enemy of faith–as though a person 's strength is as strong as they are free of doubt . I argue that this common model of faith today is neither biblical nor healthy .
A biblical model of faith is n't about trying to feel certain about your beliefs but being willing to commit to living a certain way despite the fact that you 're not certain .
When we embrace a biblical model of faith , we no longer need to squelch doubt . To the contrary , we will find that doubt can sometimes prove beneficial in helping us grow spiritually and in keeping us honest in our relationship with God and others .
So doubt is a normal part of Christian faith and life ?
Yes . Unfortunately , however , because many have bought into the unbiblical idea that a person 's faith is as strong as they are free of doubt , to pressure to suppress doubt and to act and speak as if they were certain is considerable .
If you happen to belong to a community of people who act and speak this way , it 's easy to feel like an “ outsider ” and to even be treated like an “ outsider ” if you dare to admit your doubt . In reality , it is simply impossible to be certain about most important matters of life . Every significant decision we make in life is shrouded in uncertainty . It 's part of what it means to be a finite and fallen human being , and its arrogant , foolish , and idolatrous to pretend otherwise .
Now we are getting to a major point in your book , your criticism of “ certainty-seeking faith , ” which you claim causes spiritual damage and is the root of most of the negative things non-believers associate with conservative Christianity . Can you explain what you mean ?
“ Certain-seeking faith ” is what results when people assume that a person 's faith is as strong as they are free of doubt and that this kind of “ strong ” faith pleases God . This is an unhealthy model of faith because ( 1 ) it reduces faith to a psychological gimmick in which people try to convince themselves that their beliefs are true beyond what the evidence warrants , and ( 2 ) it presupposes an ugly , petty mental picture of God as One who leverages people 's eternal welfare on their ability to successfully engage in this psychological gimmickry .
The certainty-seeking model of faith is also inherently irrational , and therefore tends to drive away thoughtful people who have perfectly reasonable doubts while rewarding people who either lack the concern or the curiosity to question their beliefs by making them feel like they have “ strong ” faith .
Those caught in this unhealthy model will also tend to become narrow-minded and insulate themselves from further learning , for honestly trying to see things from other peoples ' point of view might lead them to question their faith , and on the certainty-seeking model of faith , this means they could potentially jeopardize their “ salvation . “
How is Job as a model of biblical faith , as you explain in your book ?
God loves honesty above pious sounding language .
Despite God 's earlier rebuking of Job for speaking out of ignorance ( chs . 38-41 ) , such as Job accusing God of being a ruthless adversary who tortured them for their own amusement ( e.g . 16:12-13 ; 30:20-22 ) , God still commends Job in 42:7 as speaking “ right ” about him , in contrast to Job 's friends . This forces the question , what was God saying when they commended Job for speaking “ what is right ” ?
The answer , I believe , is that the word “ right ” in Hebrew ( koon ) has the connotation of being straight or in alignment with some standard . What God was commending Job for was not how accurately they spoke , for their words at times bordered on blasphemy . They were rather commending Job for how honestly – how “ straight ” — they had spoken .
Whereas Job 's friends spoke out of their fear and in self-serving ways , as religious people frequently do , Job spoke straight from their gut . And it was this kind of faith that ultimately vindicated the character of God against Satan , whose challenge in chapter 1 of this book had led to Job 's ordeal in the first place .
Explain the distinction you make between “ faith ” and “ belief . ”
“ Belief “ is an opinion about something or someone , while “ faith ” is a willingness to commit to a course of action on the basis of our belief .
Salvation is rather like entering into a marriage-like , covenantal relationship with God through Jesus Christ by exercising “ faith ” ( James 2:18-26 ) . Whereas one might measure beliefs in terms of how certain or uncertain a person feels , they have with the Lord .
Sadly , many today think that people are “ saved ” simply because they espouse certain beliefs , apart from any consideration of how they live . This is why research demonstrates that the vast majority of Americans admit to believing in Jesus ( and a host of other Christian things ) while also demonstrating that this belief has very little impact on how they actually live .
It also explains why so many mistakenly think God is impressed with our level of certainty over our beliefs , when in fact the only thing that means anything to God is how faithful their people are living in relationship with him , regardless of the level of certainty they have , or do n't have .
You advise people to believe in the Bible because they believe in Jesus , not the other way around . What do you mean by this , and why do you feel it is important ?
The number one reason why young people today is abandoning the Christian faith and why other people ca n't take the Christian faith seriously has to do with problems they have with the Bible .
For example , as most freshmen taking a course in “ The Bible as Literature ” at a secular University learn , the historical accuracy of some biblical stories are questioned by many scholars , and It 's hard to deny that the Bible contains some apparent contradictions and some material that seems to fly in the face of modern science .
I argue that if we structured our faith the way the earliest Christians did , these problems with the Bible would pose no threat to our confidence in Jesus being Lord and even to our confidence that the Bible is the inspired Word of God . The reason these problems destroy the faith of so many today — as it did my own faith for a while — is because evangelicals today do n't structure their faith the way they the earliest Christians did .
The earliest disciples did n't believe in Jesus because their scripture ( the OT ) proved to them that they were the Son of God . They were rather convinced by Jesus ' claims , their unique life of love , their distinctive authority , their unprecedented miracles , their self-sacrificial death , and especially their resurrection . Once they believed in Jesus , they looked for them and found them in their scripture . But they never would have been convinced that Jesus was Lord had they started with scripture alone .
Unfortunately , most evangelicals today are taught to do the opposite . They base their faith in Jesus ' Lordship ( as well as everything else ) on their belief that the Bible is the inspired Word of God . This is “ unfortunate ” because this way of structuring our faith leverages everything on the perfection of this book , forcing the Bible to carry more weight than it was ever meant to carry . Every single problem people find with scripture now threatens to undermine their faith .
Explain what you mean by contrasting a “ cookbook ” view of the Bible and a “ novel ” view of the Bible .
A “ cookbook ” model assumes everything in the Bible is equally authoritative—like when you read a cookbook , it does n't matter where you find the recipe you 're looking for . The location of the recipe is irrelevant to its meaning .
Things are very different when you read a detective novel , for example . For in a detective novel , things that mean nothing early on may take on great significance by what transpires later on . The story gets reframed as riddles get solved and further clues are unveiled as the story unfolds . It 's important for us to realize that the Bible is an unfolding story , and not entirely unlike a detective novel . As the story of God 's interactions with their people unfolds , we learn more and more what kind of God we 're dealing with and what their plans are for humanity . And the story culminates , in an extremely surprising way , in Jesus Christ .
On the one hand , Jesus fulfills all the promises made in the Old Testament , which is why Paul says that all God 's promises are “ Amen ” in Christ ( 2 Cor . 1:19-20 ) . Yet , they fulfill these promises in a way that hardly anyone saw coming . For example , no one expected the Messiah to come as a humble servant , to inaugurate a kingdom that transcended all national boundaries , to command people to love their enemies rather than to conquer them , to allow themselves to get crucified at the hands of their enemies , and to then rise again on the third day ! So the Bible is an unfolding story with a remarkably surprising twist in the last chapter !
In fact , I submit that the story of God that we find in the Bible is a lot like the movie “ The Sixth Sense ” or “ The Book of Eli , ” in which the last minute of the movie reframes the entire movie . When Jesus shows up , everything that preceded them gets reframed and must be re-read in light of what they reveal about God and God 's expectations of their people .
What this means for us is that , to understand the Bible correctly , we must read it like the story book that it is , and we must read all of it in light of its surprise ending .
As I show in Benefit of the Doubt , acquiring this perspective on the Bible allows us to begin to make sense of some of the more offense parts of the OT ( such as the portrait of God commanding genocide ) while freeing us to not stumble over many of the things people today stumble over ( such as minor discrepancies or historical inaccuracies found in Scripture ) .
COTABATO CITY - The Darul Iftah of the Philippines announced on Thursday that the holy month of Ramadan among Muslims will start on Saturday , May 27 .
Grand Mufti Abu Hureira Udasan made the announcement around 8:15 p.m. in the Cotabato City Hall after the new crescent moon was not sighted tonight .
In their message , Udasan called for unity following the attack of the Maute group in Marawi City .
Udasan said Ramadan activities will push through even though the whole Mindanao is under martial law .
However , authorities will continue to be strict in security measures , especially in implementing a `` no ID , no entry '' policy in the city following the declaration of martial law .
The local government will hold a forum , trade fair , and Grand Iftar after fasting ends .
Sheikh Abdulwakil Tanjilil , deputy Mufti for Western Mindanao and Palawan , reminded Muslims on their obligation to fast from sunrise to sunset and not engage in sexual activities .
Only those who are sick , the elderly , and women who are pregnant , breastfeeding , or menstruating are exempted from fasting .
They also expressed their disappointment on Maute group , which launched an attack in Marawi a few days before the observation of the holy month of Ramadan .
Tanjilil labeled them as an `` enemy of Islam '' and said they hope the clash will end soon . -- With reports from Jasper Acosta and Leizel Lacastesantos , ABS-CBN News
An Alberta landlord is hoping a judge will help them evict a former tenant who has claimed squatter 's rights in the driveway of their rental property .
Ivan Negrych says Bob Cox has ignored their eviction notice and is refusing to move out of a small shack that sits on a flatbed trailer in the driveway of Negrych 's rental home , in Cardston , Alta . Cox has been living on the property without Negrych 's permission for the last month , and has not paid rent or utilities .
“ He knows what their rights are , they know what they want and he 's focused on not having to pay for anything , ” a frustrated Negrych told CTV Lethbridge on Tuesday .
Cox says they moved onto the property a year-and-a-half ago , to be close to their former common-law wife , who lived in the house at the time . Cox built the small shack in the driveway so they could stay nearby , but they did n't leave when they moved out on Sept. 30 .
They say they have n't moved because they do n't have a vehicle to move the trailer on which their shack is built , and because they have more than $ 1,200 in unpaid photo radar tickets .
“ There are a few other issues that I have concerns about , that I can voice maybe later in court , or maybe we can resolve it before it even goes to court , ” they told CTV Edmonton .
Negrych says they called police to help them remove Cox , but Cox stood their ground and told police : “ You ca n't touch me . ”
“ They could n't do anything , ” Negrych said .
Negrych says they spent $ 127 to serve Cox an affidavit so the issue can be resolved in court next week .
“ He looked at it and they say , ‘ Perfect , this is what I 've been looking for . I can stay here now until Nov. 7 legally , ' ” Negrych recalled from their conversation with Cox .
Cox said they hope to move soon , but is not ready to do so yet .
“ I do n't want to be in Ivan 's way , ” they said .
With files from CTV Lethbridge
Trade talks have stalled between Canada and Japan – one of the Harper government 's priority countries for a breakthrough – because the Asian country has lost interest , The Canadian Press has learned .
An internal memo from the Department of Foreign Affairs , Trade and Development says the level of progress with Japan has failed to meet expectations since talks opened in March 2012 .
The memo says Japan is more interested in the ongoing 12-country Trans– Pacific Partnership talks with several of its neighbours as well as Canada , the United States , Mexico and Australia .
Story continues below advertisement
Japan is dragging its heels on a date for the eighth round of bilateral trade talks with Canada , says the note , which was prepared for an April 17 meeting of department officials .
Trade Minister Ed Fast told the House of Commons trade committee two weeks ago that Japan and Canada were still trying to set a date for the next round .
In March 2014 , Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced a free-trade deal with South Korea , touting it as a breakthrough in Asia and saying that Japan was one of the main targets for the next big trade agreement .
The government has said that a joint study shows a free-trade deal with Japan would boost Canada 's economy by $ 3.8-billion a year .
While some analysts have been upbeat about the possibilities of a Japan-Canada breakthrough , the internal memo tells a different story .
It says Japan 's `` overwhelming focus '' on the Trans-Pacific deal overshadows the talks with Canada .
`` While some progress has been made in the CJEPA negotiations with seven rounds to date , overall , the CJEPA text remains less developed than expected after three years of negotiations . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The memo says Japan turned down two proposals by Canada to host an eighth round of talks in early 2015 and would prefer to see that happen after the next Trans-Pacific ministerial meeting .
`` Chief negotiators met in Tokyo April 9-10 to discuss a way forward , but Japan remains unwilling to agree to a date for the next round without more clarity on the TPP timeline and outcomes . ''
Liberal MP Geoff Regan tried to pin Fast down on a date for the resumption of the talks during the minister 's committee appearance .
`` We 're just in the process of trying to nail down exactly where that round will take place , '' Fast said after Regan pressed him .
Harper has positioned their government as ardent free traders and has made the deepening of trade and investment in Asia a key economic priority .
They will likely cross paths with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the G7 summit in Germany next month .
Story continues below advertisement
The Conservatives see Asia as a fertile market for Canadian energy products , especially since Keystone XL pipeline project , which would carry Alberta bitumen across the United States to Gulf coast refineries , has been stalled .
In addition to finding new customers for energy products , the government has been trying to increase trade with big players like China and India , as well as trying to break into regional groups such as the 10-country Association of Southeast Asian Nations , or ASEAN , which includes the Philippines , Vietnam and resource-rich Myanmar .
Last year 's pact with South Korea hardly happened overnight . It took more than decade of on-again , off-again negotiation . It is expected to increase Canadian exports by 32 per cent and pump $ 1.7-billion into the Canadian economy .
( Elk Rapids , MI ) – Short 's Brewing Company of Bellaire , MI , announces updated Midwest distribution plans . In January , the company announced it would distribute Short 's brews and Starcut Ciders outside of their home state , Michigan , for the first time . Initial distribution outside Michigan began with eastern Pennsylvania in February 2016 . This area will extend to Pittsburgh beginning March 19 . Wilson-McGinley , a wholesale distribution company established in the 1950s and located in the historic Lawrenceville neighborhood , will be representing Short 's in the Pittsburgh area .
The launch of Short 's Brewing and Starcut Ciders in Illinois will be complete the week of March 6 , and will be followed by distribution in Indiana and Ohio , beginning March 19 .
Short 's has partnered with Cavalier Distributing to represent their brands in Indiana and Ohio . Cavalier was established in 1992 by Founder/President George Fisher , and is one of the only distributors in the country with a portfolio that is exclusively American craft beverages and imports . They employ more than 260 employees throughout their territories .
“ For many years , six-packs of Short 's have migrated south with vacationing Hoosiers and Buckeyes . Cavalier Distributing is excited to bring Short 's into Ohio and Indiana and help people catch up with their fantastic beers from Michigan , ” said Cavalier Founder/President George Fisher .
Short 's , known widely for their flagship beers and experimental brews , prides themselves on producing fearlessly creative beers handmade by people who care in northern Michigan . The company plans to begin distribution in Indiana and Ohio with flagship brands Huma Lupa Licious ( India Pale Ale ) , Soft Parade ( Fruit Rye Ale ) , Bellaire Brown ( American Brown Ale ) , Space Rock ( Pale Ale crafted to remove gluten ) ; and seasonal release , ControversiALE ( American India Pale Ale ) . This territory will also receive three Starcut Ciders brands : Pulsar ( semi-dry hard cider ) , Octorock ( semi-sweet hard cider ) , and Squishy ( semi-sweet cider made with Michigan cherries ) . These brews and ciders will be available both in bottle and on draft throughout the states .
The brewery is teaming up with Cavalier to put on a number of launch events the week of April 4 , where customers can meet a Short 's team member . Watch for more event details to come .
For more information about Short 's Brewing Company , please visit www.shortsbrewing.com .
Short 's Brewing Company of Bellaire , MI , announces updated Midwest distribution plans : www.shortsbrewing.com/distribution-update/
In an interview with Argentine sports journal Ole , Sporting Kansas star forward , Claudio Bieler , confessed to miss being insulted just as they experienced back in their home country .
Sporting 's Claudio Bieler Misses Being Insulted
MLS fans have rightfully earned the reputation of being passionate . Sell out crowds of restless chanting fans pack stadiums each week all across America . However , in the United States , passion is not synonym of violence . While chanting has become part of the MLS live stadium experience , chanting has not become a channel for insults like it is in South America , England , and Italy for example .
In an interview with Argentine sports journal Ole , Sporting Kansas star forward , Claudio Bieler , confessed to miss being insulted just as they experienced back in their home country . Bieler 's last adventure in Argentina playing for Racing Club was the most bitter episode in their career as they failed to meet the club 's expectations and was target of the fans ' insults . Bieler saw the fans ' abuse as motivation to play harder rather than a reason to bring them down .
Bieler praised the Sporting Kansas fans for their loyalty , proudly stating that season tickets sold out quick , which was very important for the players . Despite the fact that MLS fans might never reach the high levels of passion seen in Argentine soccer , South American players appear to feel more and more comfortable in a league that has offered players like Claudio Bieler a second chance .
It 's not as if Francisco Lindor came out of nowhere . After all , the Cleveland Indians drafted them eighth overall in 2011 . They were a highly rated prospect throughout their minor league career . Everyone knew they could field . Everyone liked their line-drive stroke from both sides of the plate . It 's just that , well ... even the most optimistic of scouts rarely project a high school kid as a Gold Glove-caliber shortstop who will hit for average and power in the majors .
Still , check out Baseball America 's report on Lindor before that 2011 draft :
A baseball rat , Lindor has tremendous work ethic to go with above-average tools , and they play the game with ease and passion . He 's a switch-hitter with a line-drive stroke from both sides of the plate , and they have excellent hands that work both at the plate and in the field . They have the tools to play shortstop well at the highest level , with smooth actions , fluidity , instincts and good fundamentals . He 's a plus runner but not a burner . Lindor 's power is the biggest question about him . They have flashed more than just gap power at times , which was pushing them up draft boards . Their season ended in April , and they are n't expected to play in Florida 's high school all-star game , instead working out on their own . Scouts have n't scoffed at Omar Vizquel comparisons . Scouting directors said Lindor was a legitimate candidate for the No . 1 overall pick , but more likely he 'll slot in just behind that .
In their past 160 games , Francisco Lindor has hit .320 with 21 home runs . Not bad for a guy whose pop at the plate was once questioned by scouts . Frank Jansky/Icon Sportswire
Looking back , all the traits we see now were there , although it was the concerns about their power that led to Lindor dropping . Gerrit Cole went first overall , your classic big , hard-throwing college right-hander . The Seattle Mariners drafted Danny Hultzen second , a polished lefty from Virginia who got injured . Trevor Bauer , a teammate of Cole 's at UCLA , went third to the Arizona Diamondbacks . After that came Dylan Bundy , Bubba Starling , Anthony Rendon and Archie Bradley , and it 's safe to say that at least six of the teams that drafted ahead of the Indians would like a do-over . Bundy and Bradley were high school pitchers , always risky choices . Rendon was injury prone in college and has been injury prone as a professional . Starling was the biggest risk of all , a star high school quarterback from Kansas ; the Kansas City Royals bet on their athleticism and power over their lack of baseball experience .
There was an obvious reason to like Lindor over Starling : their birthdates . Starling was born Aug. 3 , 1992 ; Lindor was born Nov. 14 , 1993 . Starling would turn 19 shortly after being drafted ; Lindor would n't turn 19 until after their third professional season . Studies have shown that draft-day age makes a big difference for expected future results for high school players . Younger is better . Older kids may look better simply because they 're older ; they 've had more experience and are often simply more physically mature . But give a younger player that extra year of practice and game time and sometimes that added physical growth , and the on-field results can change drastically .
That 's what we 've seen with Lindor . They did n't hit for much power in the minors : six home runs in 2012 in Class A , just two in 2013 in 104 games between Class A and Double-A . Even last year , they hit just two in 59 games in Triple-A before their call-up . But keep in mind how young they were for their leagues . They were getting stronger and learning to hit better pitching . Once called up to the Indians , they took off . No , they do n't quite have the raw power of Carlos Correa , their fellow sophomore , but Lindor has more than enough , with 10 home runs to go along with their .299 average , putting them on pace for 20 home runs and 31 doubles .
You may remember that through their first 20 games in the majors , Lindor was hitting .205 with one home run . That was July 7 , 2015 . In the calendar year since , they have played in 160 games and hit .320/.369/.496 with 21 home runs . Given their defense and speed , those are MVP-caliber numbers . Even heading into this season , there were some unknowns about whether he 'd really be a .300 hitter . Their offensive spike down the stretch last year was influenced by a high batting average on balls in play . Well , their BABIP has regressed this season and he 's still hitting .299 . There 's even the likelihood that they develop a little more power ; young players often learn to hit more fly balls as they get older . If not , Lindor still projects as a Derek Jeter-type at the plate , spraying hits all over the field , popping a few home runs , drawing walks and stealing some bases .
Then there 's that defense . That initial scouting report called them a baseball rat . Baseball rats make plays like this , as Lindor did on Tuesday ( I do n't know if I 've seen a 4-6-5 double play turned in this manner ) :
Defensive gems tonight !
Here 's the 4-6-5 from the 5th , Frankie 's stop on its way .
WATCH : https : //t.co/MYDBkWih3s pic.twitter.com/ZU4Y7XgEX0 — Cleveland Indians ( @ Indians ) July 6 , 2016
For good measure , they later showed off their range and arm :
We 're in a golden age of young shortstops , with Lindor , Correa , Xander Bogaerts and rookie Corey Seager of the Los Angeles Dodgers regarded as this generation 's Jeter , Alex Rodriguez , Nomar Garciaparra and Miguel Tejada ( with Addison Russell and Trevor Story a notch behind those four ) . They can all hit . But it 's Lindor 's defense that may end up separating them from the other three . According to defensive runs saved , the other three are n't in the same league :
Lindor : plus-11
Seager : plus-1
Correa : minus-5
Bogaerts : minus-7
Only the San Francisco Giants ' Brandon Crawford , with plus-17 DRS , rates higher than Lindor , who should win their first Gold Glove this season . The Cleveland Indians have allowed the second-lowest average on ground balls this year behind only the Chicago Cubs , certainly a testament to Lindor 's defense . Considering they were compared to Vizquel as a high schooler , maybe this is n't a surprise .
Who 's the best of the four ? Do I have to decide ?
Government troops surrounded the fortified luxury home of First Vice President Abdurrashid Dostum in the Afghan capital Tuesday in an all-day standoff , raising fears of a violent confrontation with their armed guards . The former warlord , accused of brutalizing a political rival , has refused to cooperate with a government investigation for several months .
The action came after Dostum repeatedly ignored requests for cooperation from the attorney general 's office in investigating the case , including summonses for nine of Dostum 's guards and other employees wanted for questioning .
But on Tuesday evening , after hours of tension and confusion gripped the capital , Dostum spoke publicly with supporters inside their house , saying they had ordered their guards to avoid any armed clash . At the same time , they warned that any move to unseat them would weaken the government of President Ashraf Ghani .
In their first public comments on the case since December , when a fellow ethnic Uzbek leader named Ahmad Ishchi accused Dostum of holding them prisoner , subjecting them to brutal assaults and ordering guards to sodomize him , the vice president dismissed the accusations as “ a conspiracy of the enemies. ” Their appearance was broadcast live on a private TV station .
The allegations against Dostum triggered outrage among Western governments and rights groups , which termed the case a major test of Ghani 's ability to establish the rule of law . Under Ghani 's direction , the Afghan attorney general began an investigation of the charges , but Dostum refused to answer several official summonses and warrants issued for nine guards in their employ .
Abdurrashid Dostum stands during prayers at the first day of a peace summit , Aug. 9 , 2007 , in Kabul . ( Paula Bronstein/Getty Images )
Meanwhile , Dostum has remained largely out of sight , first at their compound in northern Jowzjan Province and later inside their elaborate , bunker-like residence in the affluent Sherpur neighborhood of Kabul . They stopped going to their government office and attending most official functions , although they did appear at the funeral of a veteran political leader last month .
In November , government troops blocked roads near their house in Kabul for a week , raising expectations that Dostum might be arrested , but they did not approach the compound .
The latest standoff began early Tuesday , one day after Dostum suddenly reappeared in their vice presidential office for the first time since November . Armed government forces in several armored vehicles blocked roads leading to a cluster of buildings they own in Sherpur .
It was not immediately clear whether the troops were sent there to arrest either Dostum or the nine guards accused in the case . The burly former communist general has often switched sides during Afghanistan 's nearly four decades of conflict and has earned a reputation for brutal behavior . They said Tuesday that if they were removed from office , it would be a significant blow to the Ghani government , which has been fighting an aggressive Taliban insurgency for more than 15 years and a newer challenge from Islamic State militants .
“ Removal of General Dostum from government certainly will not strengthen the government , it will weaken it . People will not stand behind it . . . . People will be alienated , ” Dostum said , speaking in the third person . They looked tired in the TV broadcast , but also made jokes with the supporters surrounding him .
A huge billboard of the 2014 election campaign , showing Dostum next to Ghani , hung behind them as they made their televised comments . They repeatedly referred to the Islamic State as a major emerging threat to Afghan stability , and they called on the government to overcome internal differences with them and stand together to confront the militants .
Dostum , in an apparent effort to emphasize their potential influence on national security , claimed tens of thousands of armed outlaws are in Kabul , waiting for chaos in order to loot banks and private property should security decline further .
A number of government officials , including those from Ghani 's office , refused to comment on the day 's events . A palace spokesperson , asked about Dostum 's sudden resumption of their vice presidential duties , said the president had no objection to it .
Some critics had called on the government to suspend Dostum while the investigation was underway . But several political observers said Tuesday that their return to duty was part of a deal they had made with Ghani .
Dostum 's chief of staff , Enayatullah Farahmand , said their boss would now return to their normal duties . They attributed Dostum 's lengthy absence to their involvement in fighting against the Taliban in the north , followed by trips to Uzbekistan and Turkey .
“ The allegations can not block them from their duties . . . . They will 100 percent continue to do their duty . We want the issue to not be handled politically , ” Farahmand said in an interview .
But several political and academic figures said that Dostum 's return to their post with the charges still pending against them was a sign of weakness on the government 's part .
Hamidullah Tokhi , a legislator from southern Zabul province , said that “ failure to implement the rule of law on the president and their deputies is a serious threat for the progress of the country . ”
Read more :
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
Coins.ph , Southeast Asia 's Leading Blockchain Financial Services Platform , Gets $ 5 Million from Naspers
C‌oins.ph , a mobile bitcoin-based financial services platform operating in the Philippines and Thailand , has raised $ 5 million in a Series A extension led by Naspers Ventures , a division of Naspers Group , one of the largest technology investors in the world .
Naspers is a global internet and entertainment group based in South Africa and operating in more than 130 countries . It has invested in several successful companies such as Tencent , Flipkart , Souq.com , and specializes in emerging e-commerce and consumer business startups .
Coins.ph 's previous Series A funding round , which took place in October 2016 , also raised $ 5 million and was led by the Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund , the first global fintech fund for the underserved , sponsored by Accion , a pioneer in global financial inclusion . Coins.ph have raised a total of $ 10 million from ten investors in its Series A to date , including well-known investors like Digital Currency Group and Pantera Capital .
Founded in early 2014 by Silicon Valley entrepreneurs Runar Petersson and Ron Hose , Coins.ph is a mobile financial platform connecting more than 300 million people in Southeast Asia who are currently out of reach for traditional banking services . Their platform utilizes existing retail infrastructure for deposits and withdrawals , cutting down on one of the biggest cost components of traditional retail banking . They now process thousands of transactions per day , including remittances , bills payment , mobile top-ups , and online shopping with virtual credit card payments . Their Philippines operation is based in Manila , while their Thailand extension is based in Bangkok .
“ Coins has become a key component of our customers ' everyday lives , allowing them to do everything from sending payments to shopping online , ” said Ron Hose , CEO of Coins .
“ With Naspers Ventures , we 've gained a great partner in our mission to democratize financial services by making them easily accessible and usable by anyone . We are extremely excited to be working together with them to build a more financially inclusive future . ”
The effect that financial inclusion efforts have had on the global economy to date have been tremendously positive . They enable diversity and prosperity among communities that have been hitherto restricted . They allow users access to services and markets outside their region that may offer higher quality and/or lower rates and prices . This counters regional monopolies and quickens innovation . This inclusion would not be possible without Bitcoin and blockchain technology .
“ Coins has done an excellent job of providing consumers with easy , cost-effective access to core financial services , ” explained James Caviness , VP and CPO of Naspers ' PayU business ; Caviness was also recently appointed as a Coins board member , “ We expect Coins to continue to grow and expand across Southeast Asia . ”
Coins.ph operates primarily in the Philippines and Thailand but plans to expand to other markets where consumer access to traditional financial services such as credit , banking , and remittances is either limited or prohibitively expensive . The Coins.ph mobile wallet has generated a strong leadership position , providing consumers the first point of access to a wide range of services . By leveraging blockchain technology and partnerships with existing financial institutions , Coins has been able to directly connect over one million previously unbanked customers with its ecosystem of financial services . The new investment will further accelerate its regional growth and allow Coins to establish additional cash-based services and partnerships to serve its customers .
We have gotten used to Bush 's decision-making style . Minimal input , instant decision , refusal to ever think again , and disdain for any process of thinking things through or ever having second thoughts . Just gut - and instant leaps . This description of how they made the absurd decision to run for vice-president is particularly chilling :
GIBSON : And you did n't say to yourself , `` Am I experienced enough ? Am I ready ? Do I know enough about international affairs ? Do I -- will I feel comfortable enough on the national stage to do this ? '' PALIN : I did n't hesitate , no . GIBSON : Did n't that take some hubris ? PALIN : I -- I answered them yes because I have the confidence in that readiness and knowing that you ca n't blink , you have to be wired in a way of being so committed to the mission , the mission that we 're on , reform of this country and victory in the war , you ca n't blink . So I did n't blink then even when asked to run as their running mate .
Never blink , never think , just go with your gut . Pure ambition . Minimal thought .
If you loved the last eight years , you 'll love President Palin . I wonder : did they ever ask them the last , routine , basic vetting question :
Is there anything more you need to tell us that might potentially damage or embarrass the campaign ?
Did they even ask her ? If they did , did they say no ? I have a feeling this question will be critical in the coming weeks as this hologram of neocon fantasy comes into sharper relief .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
SAGAMIHARA , Kanagawa -- A man here has been arrested on suspicion of taking a woman who had been sleeping on a train back to their apartment and confining them there , police said .
Police officers at Sagamihara Police Station arrested Yoshifumi Kurita , 33 , a dispatch worker from the city 's Chuo Ward , on suspicion of confinement . They allege that between June 4 and 5 , Kurita confined a 28-year-old woman living in Adachi Ward , Tokyo , in their apartment . They say that the woman boarded a train at a JR station in Tokyo early on the morning of June 4 and fell asleep , and when they woke up on the morning of June 5 they were in an apartment in Sagamihara . Kurita was in the apartment , but the woman was able to flee when they let their guard down .
Police say that Kurita is maintaining silence when asked about the motives for and method used in the confinement . They also say that since the end of last year , there have been five other cases of women who say they boarded trains in Tokyo or Kanagawa Prefecture in the early morning hours , fell asleep and woke up in an unknown man 's residence in Sagamihara . Police are investigating these other cases as well .
Anthony Bolante / Reuters file A marijuana starter plant is shown at Canna Pi medical marijuana dispensary in Seattle on Nov. 20 .
Advocates of looser federal restrictions on marijuana suffered a significant legal setback Tuesday , as a panel of three judges found that the federal government acted properly in refusing to loosen restrictions on pot .
Pro-marijuana groups and a disabled veteran who said it improves their medical condition asked the Drug Enforcement Administration to put marijuana on a lower tier of federal restrictions . They said the agency was ignoring a growing body of scientific evidence that it has some medical benefits . When the DEA refused , they sued .
But by a 2-1 vote , a panel of the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia said Tuesday that the DEA did consider all the available information . `` We find nothing in the record that could move us to conclude that the agency failed to prove by substantial evidence that such studies confirming marijuana 's medical efficacy do not exist , '' the majority opinion said .
The ruling comes as a stark contrast to actions by a growing number of states that allow use of marijuana on the recommendation of a doctor . And voters in Colorado and Washington approved ballot measures in November that ease state restrictions against recreational use .
The DEA has long classified marijuana as a Schedule I drug , the most-restrictive category , finding it `` has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States . '' The production , sale , and use of marijuana remain illegal under federal law as a result .
Judge Harry Edwards , who wrote Tuesday 's opinion , took note of the controversy . `` There is a serious debate in the United States over the efficacy of marijuana for medicinal uses , '' they said .
But the issue for the court , they said , `` is not whether marijuana could have some medical benefits . '' Instead , Edwards said , the court 's job was to determine whether the DEA acted within the scope of its authority in declining to reclassify the drug , given claims in the lawsuit that peer-reviewed scientific studies found some evidence that it could be beneficial .
`` We defer to the agency 's interpretation of these regulations and find that substantial evidence supports its determination '' that no studies exist that are `` adequate and well-controlled '' proving its effectiveness in medical treatments .
The dissenting judge , Karen LeCraft Henderson , expressed no view on whether marijuana has medical benefits . Instead , they said the court should have dismissed the case on the grounds that none of those filing the lawsuit had legal authority to bring the case to court in the first place .
There is increasing dissatisfaction across the globe with the incompetency , corruption and malpractice of the interdependent finance sector , especially after the Global Financial Crisis in 2008 that crippled national economies all over the world and sent millions of people into unemployment . Thousands also lost their homes , as well as huge portions of their superannuation , whilst the commercial banking sector was bailed out of the mess that they created with trillions of dollars of Quantitative Easing ( QE ) central bank cash injections .
Invoking more anger is that this approach has n't even solved the problem ; it has only prolonged and amplified it . There have been no real legislative , structural or policy changes , so we are now faced with even greater threats by massive global bubbles in derivatives , real estate and assets , such as stocks . It looks like there is even the potential to have a greater reset then the great depression of 1929 .
While governments and corporations remain focused on failing models of perpetual economic growth , millions of people across the world are on food stamps , dependent on government subsidies to stay above the poverty line . Income disparity has never been so vast . Profits for corporations , particularly the multinationals , are near all-time highs , whilst wages have remained stagnant . High unemployment is epidemic and is much more severe than what official figures represent .
Other examples include increasing wealth inequality , socioeconomic disadvantage and poverty , the slow disappearance of the middle class , and policies that benefit Wall Street , not Main Street .
Clearly , trickledown economics simply does not work , regardless of what the delusional so-called experts would have us believe . Effectively businesses – not society or individuals – are the beneficiaries of the current economic system . There 's simply too much unfounded faith in the current system , especially when the evidence clearly indicates that we need an alternative .
The truth is , there are other models that the mainstream economists and our politicians are not taking seriously .
For example , Steve Keen , Head of the School of Economics History and Politics at Kingston University ( London ) , has developed an alternative economic model called Debt-Deflation , while economists such as Bill Mitchell , who is an Economics Professor at the University of Newcastle ( Australia ) , advocates for Modern Monetary Theory ( MMT ) .
Of course their models do differ in some ways ( which is representative of the ‘ spirit ' of the Redesigning Society series of which this article is a part ) . This is a discussion of legitimate alternatives which do exist , not a detailed account of the exact approach we should take . Our governments should prioritize this debate so that we can truly develop a model that resolves the problems which plague our economy and that cause widespread suffering as a result .
However , the model 's offered by Keen and Mitchell do align on some key points . For starters , along with 17 other economists , they both signed a letter published at the Financial Times in March 2015 asking that the European Central Bank adopt an alternative policy approach to boost the economy . Instead of QE for the financial sector , they 've insisted that they inject that money into the bank accounts of citizens in the Eurozone . Steve has coined this ‘ QE for the People ' . Yes , that means instead of giving away free money to the elite , it 's given to the people . The masses , especially the poor , would have a field day if they knew this was a potential option .
They also both advocate that governments should have a greater role in managing the central banks in their country . That 's right , if you did n't know already , the central/reserve banks are privately owned and operated by banking families who inherited this responsibility , instead of being elected with it .
In the following quote , Professor Mitchell explains the role of a truly independent government :
“ A basic starting point from Modern Monetary Theory is that a government that issues its own currency , that has its own central bank , so it controls monetary policy ( and the ) setting of interest rates , and does n't sell any debt in a foreign currency … can never go broke . The idea ( is ) that it can never run out of money ” . [ source ]
Basically this proposes that if individual nations took back their power to manage their own money they can create as much money ( ie . economic stimulus ) as required , whilst still accounting for applicable economic principles and direct it to where it 's needed most . In one fell swoop , there goes the poverty of a nation , so given this is a legitimate option our governments need to step up and action it now . Otherwise , the suffering of the people is on their hands .
The Solution ? Regulate Central Banks , Living Wages and Quantitative Easing … for the People
An interview with Professor Steve Keen
Professor Steve Keen is Head of the School of Economics , History and Politics at Kingston University in London . Considering themselves as a post-Keynesian economist , they criticize neoclassical economics as inconsistent , unscientific and empirically unsupported . Their highly successful book Debunking Economics is a must-read for those who want to get into the details of this issue .
In the interview presented below , we discuss the shortfalls of mainstream economic theory and practice , as well as their potential solutions . The way that we economize our society is an area that is so fundamental to how we organize and interact that it really deserves a better critique than what has been pursued by our politicians , as well as mainstream economists for that matter .
Do n't fear though – we 're not going to get too technical in this topic , it 's more of an honest discussion about the problems that emerge from our current economic model and some out-of-the-box solutions for them .
The Verdict
Essentially , Steve disagrees with mainstream economists . They believe their work with physicists and mathematicians has disproved some of the neoclassical formulas that the orthodox economics community ‘ believe ' in .
They emphasize the lack of focus that their competitors have on ‘ private debt ' when crunching their numbers , something that they say strongly indicates why they were able to see the GFC of 2008 coming , and they did n't . This aspect of the economy deserves to be deeply embedded into economic theory , they say , including how central banks design monetary policy , which should be highly influenced by our governments or elected officials . This is their basis for a modern debt jubilee or QE for the People .
They also go into why a universal wage is justified – “ I see a systemic argument in favor of that as well as an individual argument ” . Essentially this means it 's intelligent because it cares for the economy and it 's ethical as it cares for the people . At the minimum , each person in our society should have a living wage that helps them to overcome poverty , increase their education and contribute back to our society in positive ways , including adding to the economy through a greater purchasing power .
Obviously there would need to be complimentary programs to assist those with issues of mental illness and addiction , among other issues ; however those are details that could be resolved through time . The point is that fighting just to survive and have our basic needs met can be a thing of the past if we redesign our economy in the right way .
Please note : This article is part of the Redesigning Society series . Over the coming weeks , this series will present a range of expert perspectives on the current state of societal affairs , as well as the collective changes we desperately need both philosophically and practically . Details of upcoming and past guests and topics can be viewed here . You can subscribe to The Conscious Society Youtube Channel to get early access to each interview in the series .
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
Just before I announced Darknet , I sent an early preview build to Ben Kuchera , a writer at Polygon . The resulting article was generally positive , but there was one negative point that came up right away :
“ It sounds grindy ”
This was a bad sign . ( For those who do n't recognize the term , “ grinding ” refers to mindless repetition in games . ) I hate grinding . I 'm fundamentally opposed to it , and I 've always made an effort to keep it out of all my games . And yet , Ben was right . Somehow I had made a game in which you repeat the same task ( solving a hacking puzzle ) over and over again . How did it come to this ?
The grinding problem originated in the decisions I made at the very beginning of Darknet 's design . I decided to build a hacking game , and I immediately knew that I wanted the player to be hacking a network composed of lots of interconnected nodes . The player should be able to capture individual nodes and thereby influence the wider network , which I figured would provide a strong basis for some interesting strategic dynamics . I also wanted the game to feature a wide range of difficulty ( to support newbies and experts alike ) , and for various reasons I wanted to give the player lots of freedom in choosing which level of difficulty they wanted to tackle .
Together , these decisions led to an unintended consequence . First , the primary action in the game is always to capture a node , which naturally lends itself to repetition . Second , the player can freely choose what difficulty of node they want to capture . Thus , the player is incentivized to go after the easiest possible nodes , over and over again , ad nauseum . Grinding . Ugh .
Let 's zoom out for a moment . You might ask : is n't grinding ultimately the player 's choice ? Why would players choose to grind if it 's not any fun ? I think the answer lies in a concept called the Burden of Optimal Play , a term introduced in a great GDC talk about Diablo 3 . The speaker , Wyatt Cheng , defined it as “ the idea that the player can increase their power level , but that they do so in a way that 's not necessarily enjoyable . ”
Here 's how I think of it : Players will tend to make the choices that lead most directly and surely to victory . If you set up a goal that players care about , you should expect them to try to reach it as efficiently as possible . If the most efficient way to win ( i.e . optimal play ) is a pain in the ass , then you 're asking players to accept a worse experience in exchange for victory , and that 's a crappy way to treat your players . ( There are lots of caveats that I could make here , but let 's stick with this simplistic version of the concept for now . )
The Burden of Optimal Play suggests a guideline for game designers : if you want the player to have fun , then the most effective path to victory should also be the most fun . Playing well should never result in a worse experience .
This guideline helped point toward the solution to Darknet 's grinding problems : I needed to make it clear that grinding is not an effective strategy .
Keep in mind that it 's not necessarily repetition that 's bad . ( Most great games are repetitive in one way or another . ) Rather , the problem is mindless repetition . The issue in Darknet was that players felt incentivized to seek out the easiest puzzles available , which was never an interesting challenge . All the hacking puzzles in Darknet are randomly generated , and since each network includes very difficult levels as well as very easy ones , all I really needed to do was incentivize the difficult levels more than the easy ones .
With that in mind , I made sure that the reward for completing a puzzle grew drastically with difficulty . Then , I added a time limit to each level . ( This was actually planned from the beginning , as Ben noted in the Polygon article . ) Together , these mechanics incentivize players to tackle the hardest puzzles that they can handle , lest they waste time on the less-valuable easy ones . Optimal play now requires players to overcome interesting challenges , rather than forcing them to accept the burden of the grind .
This has proven to be difficult to communicate to new players , however . When you enter your first game of Darknet , you do n't know how to judge a puzzle 's difficulty against its potential rewards , and you do n't realize right away that the more aggressive strategies tend to be more efficient . All you know is that some puzzles seem pretty much impossible , whereas tackling the easy ones seems to actually be getting you somewhere ( albeit slowly ) . If you pursue that cautious strategy , you could easily come to the conclusion that the whole game is one big grind .
So , although I think I 've dealt with the grinding at a mechanical level , I 've still got a serious communication problem . Sure , the game is n't meant to be played in a grindy way , but that does n't mean much if I do n't point players toward an alternative . I really value the freedom in Darknet 's design , and I do n't want to do anything heavy-handed like telling players how to play , but somehow I need to make the good experiences in Darknet more accessible than the bad ones .
About a dozen riders at Universal Orlando had to be rescued from the Incredible Hulk Coaster on Tuesday evening , a company spokesperson said .
They were on the ride when a glitch occurred and it stopped just before 5 p.m. , said Tom Schroder , Universal Studios spokesperson .
Schroder said the riders were stuck for about 40 minutes and were about 15 feet off the ground .
The Orlando Fire Department was called to take the riders off the car , said J.J. White , Orlando Fire Department district chief . The passengers were loaded two at a time onto the bucket truck and taken down , they said . It took about 30 minutes to get everyone off .
No one was injured , they said .
It 's not clear what went wrong with the ride . Universal employees will investigate once everyone is off the ride .
The ride could reopen later tonight , or when the park reopens on Wednesday .
Gary W. Green , Orlando Sentinel Gary W. Green , Orlando Sentinel
All riders were `` upright and comfortable , '' Schroder said .
Schroder said the ride `` did what it 's supposed to do '' and stopped the car when the glitch occurred .
About 20 people were able to exit the ride on foot , White said . The front four cars went beyond the stairwell so those riders could not walk off , they said .
The ride takes people from 0 to 40 mph in 2 seconds , according to Universal 's website .
No other details were released .
David Harris
Converting the cash in your wallet to Bitcoin is one of the biggest hurdles to getting some skin in the digital crypto currency game . Time was when you had to meet a scruffily-dressed Bitcoin owner in person , at a corner street cafe , to get your hands on a few Bitcoins . Bitcoin 's times are changing though .
Startup Lamassu Bitcoin Ventures is aiming to simplify the process with its Bitcoin ATM machine ( left ) . It 's showing off a prototype of its tablettop-sized ATM at the Bitcoin London conference taking place today . Its snappy tagline is ‘ fiat to Bitcoin in 15 seconds ' — and in keeping with that promise the process is designed to be as simple as possible . And simplicity means accepting cash only — no card payments — to avoid having to deal with banks , says co-founder Zach Harvey .
“ With our Bitcoin machine… you do n't need the bank 's approval to start running these Bitcoins machines . You only need cash , ” they told the Bitcoin London conference today .
In keeping with the nascent Bitcoin ecosystem , the first prototype of the machine was only created in the founders ' garage back in February .
The machine has a touchscreen to step the depositor through the process ; a camera for scanning their Bitcoin QR code where they want the exchanged currency deposited ( the machine displays the current exchange rate on the front ) ; and a slot for feeding banknotes into the ATM , which they say will support multiple currencies . Once the depositor has put their paper money in , the appropriate amount of Bitcoins are delivered to the Bitcoin address linked to the scanned QR code . The system takes around 10 to 20 minutes before the transaction is confirmed , according to other co-founder , Josh Harvey .
Harvey says Lamassu is planning to distribute the ATM machines globally – “ all around the world ” — kicking off production at the end of August , for fall shipment . Where are the ATMs going to be situated exactly ? Wherever buyers believe there is a Bitcoin demand they can tap in to – whether that 's inside a shopping mall with a high volume of people passing through or a small retailer that already accepts Bitcoin and wants to encourage more of its customers to start using the currency .
The startup is not going to be taking any kind of cut on the currency exchange itself – rather it plans to make a profit on the hardware units , which will sell for $ 4,000- $ 5,000 apiece . Likewise , it 's not selling Bitcoin support services around the machine — “ we 're keeping out of that because of the regulatory issues , ” says Josh . The startup stresses that buyers need to be sure the machine complies with any local financial regulations that might apply to Bitcoin .
Developing countries are one obvious target for the Bitcoin ATM , owing to the millions of people who still do n't have traditional bank accounts . “ Once people know that all they need to do is use a kiosk to do their banking , why do they need banks ? ” added Zach . “ You can jump over the old technology of banking systems . ”
So while the payment giants and card companies are doing their best — via the likes of contactless payment technology — to kill off cash and funnel more transactions through their own centralised payment infrastructure , startups like Lamassu suggest cash could still play a role in a future currency mix , as Bitcoin 's hassle-free sidekick .
I dropped by Sap House Meadery to see what was going on . I knew there would be something interesting because Matt and Ash always have some new sort of awesome on their shelves . I was n't disappointed .
The latest mead in their fantastic line up is Kombucha Style Mead .
This is the first I 've heard of Kombucha . What I discovered is that Kombucha is a fermented sweet tea that is considered a super food . It is said to detoxify the body and energize the mind .
Well , I do n't know anything about that , but the mead was amazing .
Like most mead , Kombucha is sweet . But the style and flavor is very different from Sap House 's other offerings . It has an alcohol content that is fairly low for mead - 7.5 % ABV .
Kombucha Style m
ead is lighter than most and somewhat dry . There is a wonderful tartness that carries through from sip to finish that lingers .
Very nice !
There is a perfect balance of flavors that makes this a perfectly bee-rific honey wine .
~ ( , ) ~
ReGen Villages
Cities are centers for environmental leadership . Mayors throughout the country , regardless of party , champion climate mitigation solutions . We all need clean air and clean water , and it is not just a local problem , but one that is reliant on leadership at all levels .
As the nation recently tuned in for the President 's address to a joint session of Congress , city leaders looked for leadership on critical issues facing their communities .
Instead of providing specific solutions , President Trump singled out great American cities — including Detroit , Baltimore and Chicago — to illustrate their views on public safety and economic opportunity . What we did n't hear , however , was how those issues coincide directly with the continued need for resilient , energy efficient , and innovative communities .
As drastic shifts in climate continue to arise at an alarming rate around the globe , we ca n't pretend that this is a time where binary choices are still on the table . Ice sheets are shrinking , oceans are warming , and we have seen 15 of the 16 warmest years on record happening since 2001 . It is imperative to do all we can to support — not degrade - the necessary global effort to alleviate challenges brought on by these changes .
However , there have been multiple reports that appear to point us in the wrong direction , including reports that speculate on cuts to the Department of Energy ( DOE ) , the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , and even pulling the United States out of the Paris Climate Agreement . While the new administration has not firmly stated its views on the future of these critical departments and whether it will ultimately invalidate the climate agreement , these moves would lead to a perilous future .
A budget proposal shared with Reuters points to potentially debilitating cuts to the EPA , including cutting the agency 's budget by 25 % and reducing staff by 20 % . These reductions take aim at climate programs , cut energy efficiency funding , reduce programming that alleviates greenhouse gas emissions , and drastically reduce environmental cleanup at brownfield sites .
AFP
During their address to Congress , President Trump did say that they plan to `` stop the regulations that threaten the future and livelihoods of our great coal miners . '' But , as Christine Todd Whitman , who led the Environmental Protection Agency under George W. Bush , recently pointed out , it 's innovation that has led to a reduction in coal jobs , not regulation .
In fact , it 's with support and partnerships with departments like the EPA and DOE that cities across the country are able to drive the US toward a more sustainable future . Last year , for example , the Department of Energy supported the creation of SolSmart ( a program to cut down solar energy barriers for local governments ) to help cities develop their local solar markets and promote economic growth . So far , 29 cities have received the SolSmart designation and over 100 more are on their way to .
The solar industry is n't just powering communities across the country - it 's creating stable manufacturing and installation jobs . These are exactly the kinds of jobs that political leaders continuously say they want to create . The solar industry now employs more Americans than coal , oil , and gas combined , according to a 2017 report from the Department of Energy .
It 's also important to remember that the EPA has helped make communities more livable for over 40 years . Think back to the visions people had of cities in the 1970s - air that was barely breathable , rivers literally on fire , and environmental hazards at every corner . Cities needed - and found - a partner in the federal government when President Richard Nixon established the EPA in response to extreme environmental concerns . Cities continue to seek a partner now .
But no matter what unfolds in the coming weeks and months , cities are committed to creating a sustainable future . If the federal government chooses not to lead on environmental and energy issues , American cities will forge a path forward . Solidifying this commitment , over 1000 local officials have signed on to the Mayors ' Climate Protection Agreement since 2005 , acknowledging the threat of climate change . In an even bolder statement , 130 American cities have joined the Compact of Mayors to support the Paris agreement and commit their cities to take action to reduce carbon emissions .
US cities are leaders in sustainability , and we know that a clean climate drives economic prosperity . Local officials will work with all the partners they can find from the private to nonprofit sectors , the faith community , and others to make sure we do n't take our eye off the ball . We need to build on the work already started by cities to make sure we secure the future of our nation .
Brooks Rainwater is the senior executive and director for the Center for City Solutions at the National League of Cities .
There 's more guilt-busting news for working mothers and their children , this time via a new Harvard Business School study : Women raised by a mom who worked outside the home are more likely to not only hold jobs , but also to be a manager and earn a better salary ( 23 percent more ) than women with at-home moms . And this holds true for 24 countries examined in the study .
Researchers examined data on some 50,000 women and men from the global research consortium International Social Survey Programme , collected in both 2002 and 2012 , and they added local data on employment and gender inequality across countries . After controlling for factors like age , marital status , religion and education , they studied the effects of being raised by a working mom . The research is one of several projects related to Harvard Business School 's new Gender Initiative .
Along with the positive effects on daughters , the research also shows that while men are just as likely to have supervisor jobs whether or not their moms worked , those with working moms spend more time doing child care and home chores . “ The direct effects are significant across the board , ” said business professor Kathleen L. McGinn , PhD , who co-led the research . “ There are very few things that we know of , that have such a clear effect on gender equality as being raised by a working mother . ”
The positive influence on both genders can go a long way to ease the anxieties of working parents about their children . “ There 's a lot of parental guilt about having both parents working outside the home , ” says Dr. McGinn . “ But what this research says to us is that not only are you helping your family economically—and helping yourself professionally and emotionally if you have a job you love—but you 're also helping your kids . ”
DJI might be best known in consumer circles for its drones , but the company has announced a new integrated camera and handheld stabilizer designed to make your footage as smooth as a pro 's .
Rather than design a fixed single-purpose unit , the Osmo comes with a 12-megapixel 4K camera but is also compatible with DJI 's Zenmuse cameras . The Osmo camera has 1/2.3″ sensor and a 94° field-of-view lens .
“ With the Osmo , we have created a camera specifically designed to capture a smooth moving image regardless of filming conditions , ” DJI 's CEO and founder Frank Wang said .
Controls built into the handle of the mount allow you to quickly change shooting angles , adjust settings and control ‘ smart ' functions like panorama mode ( the camera auto-pans 360° and stitches the images together for you ) , a long exposure mode and a slow motion setting that captures at 120 frames-per-second ( fps ) at a resolution of up to 1080p .
The handle also contains an integrated stereo mic , as well as a 3.5mm audio jack for professional audio capture .
Alongside the mount and camera , there 's a range of accessories that work with the Osmo , including a tripod , extension rod , bike mount , a straight arm extension for mounting two accessories to the Osmo at once and a universal mount that allows you to add a mic or LED light .
If the handle sounds appealing , but you already have a Zenmuse X3 , a Zenmuse X5 Pro or a Zenmuse X5 Raw , DJI says you 'll be able to buy the handle on its own , but has n't provided a standalone price as yet .
The full Osmo unit is available to pre-order from now priced at $ 649/£549 and will start shipping on October 15 .
Smoke rises from Manbij city in Aleppo province , Syria , on June 8 , 2016 . ( Reuters/Rodi Said )
Violence and worsening conflict cost the world more than $ 13.6 trillion last year , according to an annual study of the toll of violence worldwide . That figure amounts to some 13 percent of global GDP .
The analysis can be found within the Global Peace Index 2016 report , which is put out each year by the Institute of Economics and Peace , an Australia-based think-tank . It ranked 163 countries on the degree of peace within their borders . The results since the initiative began are not encouraging : `` The last decade has seen a historic decline in world peace , interrupting the long term improvements since WWII , '' a press release indicates .
Moreover , peace and safety , like the incomes of the rich and poor , are growing more unequal , with prosperous , relatively harmonious countries improving , according to the index , and countries already wracked by conflict and violence getting worse . An image from the report 's precis charts this trend :
The five most precipitous declines do n't even include Syria , which is in the grips of a brutal five-year civil war that has killed more than 250,000 people and triggered an unprecedented regional refugee and security crisis .
“ The historic 10-year deterioration in peace has largely been driven by the intensifying conflicts in the [ Middle East and North Africa ] , ” says the report . “ Terrorism is also at an all-time high , battle deaths from conflict are at a 25-year high , and the number of refugees and displaced people are at a level not seen in 60 years . ''
The estimated cost of conflict to the world 's resources in 2015 is a tabulation based on military spending , the damage caused by conflict , and losses from crime and interpersonal violence . The report stresses how disproportionately greater such security spending is compared to global efforts to build and preserve peace .
You can read more about the report , and its methodology , here .
For 2,000 years , to open a Herculaneum scroll was to destroy it .
Charred by the intense heat and pyroclastic flows of Mt . Vesuvius , whose 79 AD eruption destroyed the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum as well as several nearby settlements , the papyrus scrolls remained buried under ash until 1752 , when they were discovered in Herculaneum in a private residence that housed an impressive library – later dubbed the “ Villa of the Papyri . ”
Rather than incinerating these scrolls , the volcanic blast carbonized the papyrus and rendered the scrolls charred cylinders – thus locking in , but preserving their contents . Over 1,800 scrolls have been excavated from the site since their discovery – but most attempts at unrolling them have resulted in the destruction of the scrolls themselves .
But researchers have found a new way to safely read these ancient parchments , without ever opening them , according to new study published in Nature Communications .
“ I was in Grenoble for a collaboration , and they explained to me some new developments using phase contrast for science , for paleontology .... They sounded like exotic applications , ” study author Vito Mocella told BBC News . “ And I said , I have another idea . ”
Dr. Mocella , of the Institute for Microelectronics and Microsystems in Naples , was able to create digital images of the documents using X-ray technology . Similar techniques had been utilized before , but with little success . This is because the ancient ink used on the Herculaneum scrolls was likely made with soot – which is mostly carbon . The papyri themselves were carbonized by the volcanic eruption , meaning that conventional X-rays can not distinguish between the paper and the ink .
So Mocella 's team used a process called X-ray phase-contact tomography . Because the Herculaneum scrolls were n't fully absorptive , the ink rested on the surface , leaving slightly raised ( just one tenth of a millimeter ) grooves in the shape of letters . X-rays hitting a raised surface would reflect back with a shifted phase . Using these phase differences , the team generated 3D images of the pages .
“ This attempt opens up new opportunities to read many Herculaneum papyri , which are still rolled up , thus enhancing our knowledge of ancient Greek literature and philosophy , ” Mocella said .
The technique is far from perfect , Mocella says . Letters with straight horizontal or vertical lines can be lost among the woven grids of papyrus – curved letters are easier to read . And the imaging process , which is painstaking and time-consuming , still involves a lot of guesswork . Moreover , many scrolls were crushed as well as charred – adding to the implicit difficulty of reading them . So far , the team has only been able to analyze a handful of the many unread papyri .
Based on previous , albeit damaging unravelings , historians suggest that the majority of the scrolls contain writings by philosophers Epicurus and Philodemus . Epicurean philosophy posits that one can achieve true happiness by pursuing tranquility and ridding oneself of pain .
“ Most of what we know of Epicureanism is from these papyri , ” Mocella told LiveScience .
So far , archaeologists have only unearthed Greek-language scrolls at the Villa of Papyri . But most ancient Roman libraries contained both Greek and Roman works in separate collections , so there 's a glimmer of hope for the future discovery of Roman texts at the Villa . And those documents , likewise blackened by volcanic activity , could also be read by way of X-ray phase-contrast tomography .
“ It would have been odd for a villa of this sort not to have had a major library , ” Richard Janko , who translated a number of the scrolls , told the New York Times . “ So this technology , when perfected , does open the way to rediscovering a lot more ancient literature . ”
Jennifer Sheridan Moss , a papyrologist at Detroit 's Wayne State University and the president of the American Society of Papyrologists , says this method could also be used to read other delicate ancient documents – not just charred scrolls .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
“ We could easily find more things that are in bad shape like this , and then the technology could be applied to them , ” Moss told LiveScience .
Mocella says that , while this research has philosophical and literary value regarding the scrolls themselves , the technology has the potential “ to be applied to completely new fields . ”
A robot went out of control at a technology fair in southern China 's Guangdong province Thursday , smashing a glass window and injuring a visitor .
The aggressor was Fabo , an education and entertainment robot for children . A human error was responsible for the mishap : The person operating Fabo hit the “ forward ” button instead of “ reverse , ” according to one of the fair 's organizers .
This command sent Fabo off in the direction of a neighboring exhibition booth that was made from glass . The robot rammed into the booth and shattered the glass , the splinters from which injured the ankles of a visitor to the exhibition .
Photos of the scene after Fabo the robot broke the glass ( left ) and a man injured in the accident being carried on a stretcher . @ xinlangkeji from Weibo
Details about the injured visitor were not immediately available , but images circulating on the internet on Friday show what appears to be a middle-aged man lying on a stretcher . After receiving emergency care on-site , the patient was sent to the nearby Peking University Shenzhen Hospital by ambulance and was discharged after receiving stitches .
The incident took place at the China Hi-Tech Fair 2016 in Shenzhen , the boomtown that is now a major hub for tech startups . The fair , hosted by the Shenzhen Convention and Exhibition Center ( SCEC ) for six days through Nov. 21 , has attracted more than 3,000 exhibitors and aims to showcase some of the world 's most advanced technologies .
SCEC told Sixth Tone that the accident took place on Thursday afternoon and was caused by the human error of a staffer from Shenzhen Spreadview Century Technologies Co. , one of the fair 's exhibitors .
Shenzhen Spreadview Century produces mini projectors , which it supplies to Beijing Evolver Robotics Technology Co. , Ltd. , the manufacturer of Fabo . The robot comes in two models : One is designed to serve as an education or entertainment tool for children , while the other is used for commercial purposes such as advertising . The robot costs close to 13,000 yuan ( $ 1,900 ) , according to the company 's website .
An employee at Shenzhen Spreadview Century told Sixth Tone by phone that the staffer tried to pick up the robot , but that Fabo 's weight — 25 kilograms — was too much to handle , and the operator accidentally pushed the wrong button . Fabo 's automatic mode was turned off , which meant it could not avoid collisions by itself , they said .
A woman who answered the phone at Beijing Evolver 's customer service center on Friday declined to comment to Sixth Tone , saying that the company would make a statement later .
But in a statement that appears to have been issued by Beijing Evolver late Friday afternoon and circulated to media by the fair 's organizers , the company reiterated the organizer 's claims that the incident was caused by the operator . The company had visited the injured person in the hospital and had paid compensation , the statement added .
“ Security is always our major concern and first priority . We carried out extensive experiments and big-data analysis before launching it in the market , ” the statement said . “ Although it was an accident , we will improve our management of exhibition organizing companies in the future . ”
China has recently stressed the importance of robotics as a key driver for the country 's manufacturing sector . Demand for industrial robots is growing in China as more factories embrace automation , and the Chinese demand for service robots like Fabo for use in domestic settings is also on the rise .
Leng Xiaokun , CEO of Lejv Robot , another robotics startup based in Shenzhen , said that even if the incident was caused by mishandling on the part of the operator , robot manufacturers should still spare no expense in implementing measures to avoid such accidents . “ The principle for robot companies is to make sure that robots , particularly those made for kids , do not hurt humans , ” they said .
( Header image : Two boys pose for picture with Fabo the robot in Shenzhen , Guangdong province , Nov. 25 , 2015 . From EVOLVER 's official Weibo account )
THE RED BULL ARENA in Harrison , N.J. , smells like soup . Campbell 's Chunky Jammin ' Jerk Chicken soup , to be more precise , vats of which simmer while awaiting disbursement into identical white bowls , which are then artfully arranged
to look as irresistible as possible . Not that it
matters . Victor Cruz , Giants wide receiver and intended recipient of said bowls , is happy to swallow any soup they are served , irresistible or
not . This is less because Campbell 's has selected Cruz to be the sole face of the relaunch of its famous Mama 's Boys campaign and more because Cruz is , by definition , game .
`` Bigger laughs , ha ha ha ! '' instructs the director .
`` Ha ha ha ! '' replies Cruz excitedly .
He 's a natural performer , a quick study .
`` More ! '' commands the director . `` Crazier ! ''
Cruz complies , unburdened by self-consciousness . The extras try not to giggle . Then they add the coup de grâce , flashing a
look of comic incredulity , a moment of incisive theatrical improv that tips the scene into Jammin ' Jerk gold .
`` Fantastic ! '' shouts the director , shaking their head . `` Again ! Again ! ''
Never let it be said that Cruz does n't seize their moments . Since their first full season , in which they exploded out of football nowhere to grab
82 passes and set a franchise record with 1,536 receiving yards -- and nabbed the Giants ' only receiving TD in their Super Bowl XLVI win , inspiring Madonna to salsa -- Cruz has seized a lot . He 's started a successful clothing line , written a memoir , planned a wedding to their longtime sweetheart , modeled for GQ , stumped for President Obama and the NFL ( as a face of the league 's Latino outreach program ) and ingested countless bowls of lukewarm , color-corrected Jammin ' Jerk Chicken soup under a numbing midday sun with a smile as big as Broadway .
Along the way , the 25-year-old New Jersey native and their fiancée , Elaina Watley , who is both the mother of their 6-month-old daughter , Kennedy , and their very astute publicist , have turned their prior invisibility into an asset . This while doing whatever it has taken for Cruz to
be seen . Because , let 's face it , whoever sees Victor Cruz seems destined to love him . They are handsome and good-natured , half Puerto Rican ( on their mother 's side ) and half black , with the juice to launch a dance craze but without the glare that scares off the suits who approve endorsement deals . In the wider world , where Jay-Z personally invites you to the 40/40 Club to watch the Mayweather fight , or Calvin Klein wants to accompany you to Milan , or the president has your cellphone number and knows all about your tragic relationship with your father , Cruz already eclipses real superstars .
Once the underdog of all underdogs , they are now the fantasy . Like the nerdy librarian who removes their Coke-bottle glasses and morphs into Bardot before your eyes , Cruz -- who came of age in a single season -- set the field afire , did a salsa through the flames and dared people not to look .
`` Victor is just being who they always are , '' says Watley , monitoring the shoot from the sideline . `` Only now , everybody is watching . ''
Back on the Campbell 's set , lunch is called . Cruz thanks the crew , then turns and heads toward the green room , spitting discreetly behind him . They walk a few paces , then freezes , wheels back . They find the glob . Rubs it fast into the grass with their cleat .
Spend any time with Cruz and you immediately realize two things : 1 ) They are small ( sample size , to be exact , which is to say built like a model , not a jock ) . And 2 ) they are sunshine in spandex . A man without edge . Malleable . Unfailingly pleasing . Perhaps the most perfectly pre-engineered celebrity athlete ever .
The training started early .
`` Victor was never disrespectful to anyone , '' says their mother , Blanca Cruz , who ensured that they are n't . Blanca had a plan . No downtime . Downtime in Paterson , N.J. -- a largely impoverished 8.4-square-mile town crammed with 52 nationalities and the resulting economic dissonance -- was the devil 's playground . Says Cruz : `` It was very easy to fall into bad situations in Paterson . You did n't find them ; they found you . '' Especially if you grew up where they did , one block away from the infamous `` murder row '' on Tenth Avenue .
`` We have a 50 percent dropout rate for black and Hispanic boys , '' says Cruz 's high school coach , Benjie Wimberly , now a New Jersey state assemblyman . `` Major drugs . In the area where Victor grew up , you never knew what time it was because people are there at all hours , walking like zombies . ''
Blanca was Wimberly 's favorite parent . `` She made sure Victor did what they needed to do , and they were never a pain in the ass , '' they say . `` Blanca never quit on Victor . They had a bigger dream for Vic than Vic . ''
At 8 , Cruz was enrolled by their mother in taekwondo . `` He was so awkward , '' they say . `` I was n't sure they were going to make it . '' They made them practice combinations in the living room . They improved . Then came baseball , basketball , flute . `` Anything to keep them moving , busy , '' they say . `` I did n't want them standing on the corner . ''
The multiple diversions suited Cruz , manic by nature . `` He always had so much energy , since they were a baby , '' recalls Blanca , 53 , seated on the sofa inside the tidy row house where Cruz grew up and where Blanca still lives with their daughter , Andrea , a recent high school graduate . `` The teacher in day care used to have trouble because they kept crawling out of the crib . ''
The risks increased substantially in Cruz 's high school years . By the time they were a sophomore , four of their best friends from the neighborhood had become fathers . Other acquaintances were already incarcerated .
Rival gangs controlled the streets .
But Cruz was n't there . While their mom worked in customer service for Benjamin Moore paints , they stayed home , scrubbing the sinks and toilets , their only transgression playing their hip-hop too loud . When girls came around , sure as sunrise , Blanca sussed them out . `` Do n't play games , '' they told their son . So they did n't .
Instead , they met Watley .
Founder and CEO of their own publicity firm , Watley , 27 , has steered Cruz 's career since they met in a Jersey club when they were 17 . `` It was love at first sight ; I squeezed my sister 's hand and said , ' I 'm going to marry that man , ' '' they recall . `` He had the curliest eyelashes . Laser-beam eyes . Their face was lit up . '' Like countless others to follow , Watley saw what they call `` the smile '' and knew they had a winner . In short order , the teens committed to each other .
Also raised in a rough Jersey neighborhood , Watley refused to be hobbled by circumstance . A Latina Tracy Flick , they overachieved enough for the both of them , joining forces with Blanca to clear Cruz 's path . They sweated the small stuff , like college forms and applications , while Blanca built their son 's character . Playing backup was Cruz 's maternal grandmother , Lucy Molina , who imbued them with history and culture and a sense of responsibility for things bigger than him .
Cruz thrived through high school . `` He took criticism well , '' says their ex-coach Wimberly . `` Unlike other boys their age , they never said , 'It 's not my fault . ' '' Their mom thought they would become a professional comedian . `` Victor has always had it , '' Wimberly says . `` Like a rock star . '' Which was also a way to describe their father , Mike Walker , a firefighter and local lothario , and the only man in town more popular than Cruz .
`` Mike was flashy . They had an appeal to him , '' says Wimberly .
Adds Watley : `` He always wore a hat , blasted their music , kept their shirt unbuttoned to their navel . They were just cooler than everybody else . ''
There were , of course , complications . This was Paterson , not Eden . Walker was married , but not to Blanca . They largely had been an absent parent until Cruz was 7 . When Cruz was 11 , Walker introduced them to football , enrolling them in the Fireman 's League . `` The first year , their father said they were a mess , '' remembers Blanca . `` But by eighth grade , they were team captain , and they won a championship . ''
They sigh and looks away . `` I do n't know if Victor ever had played without their dad urging them to do so . ''
At Paterson Catholic High School , competing on what was called `` the swamp , '' a busted , grassless field with more holes than the moon , Cruz broke records , and the team was unbeaten . The games drew standing-room-only crowds of more than 2,000 fans , including Walker , who yelled `` That 's my son ! '' every play , loud as Christmas .
After graduation in 2004 and a semester of postgrad school in Maine , Cruz headed to UMass , where , unsupervised by the familial sorority for the first time , they fell apart . Their GPA dipped to 1.7 . `` He got caught up drinking , staying out all night , '' Blanca says . Before playing a single game , they were expelled . Their father wept at the news . The two exchanged words and eventually stopped speaking .
`` They were very dark days for all of us , '' says Blanca of the year-plus when Cruz twice failed at college ; Watley , weary of playing schoolmarm , took a break from the relationship . `` His lifelong dream was happening , '' says Blanca . `` And they were throwing it away . ''
Eventually , Cruz found themselves selling designer jeans in the Paramus Park Mall,11 miles north of MetLife Stadium . `` It was so difficult , '' Cruz recalls . `` I was afraid I would see someone from my past who thought I was this big athlete , and then I end up being just normal . I was ashamed . ''
It was around this time , on March 1 , 2007 , that Cruz 's half brother Malik called bearing shocking news . Their father had killed themselves in their home . Walker had been depressed after losing their job , but there was no warning . `` I had n't spoken to them for over a month , '' Cruz says . `` For them to be gone , it was unreal to me . ''
Cruz looked at their life . They saw the opportunities squandered . Saw too how alike they and their father were , what happens when the fantasy becomes what could have been .
Cruz resolved , in that moment , to `` be a man . '' They would commit to Watley , graduate from UMass , fight their way into the NFL and finally embody the star everyone believed they were -- even if sometimes they did n't believe it .
Unlike most NFL stars , Cruz was overlooked : no heavy recruiting , no draft-day psychoanalysis . Despite a high school reel shooting off more fireworks than Katy Perry 's nipples , no one cared . Their best offer came from UMass , where two seasons of pyrotechnics and a fine performance at Boston College 's pro day led to theirs being drafted by ... nobody . They were too small . Too green . Finally , at the Giants ' local
pro day after the 2010 draft -- the tryout for dreamers and long shots -- Cruz 's efforts ( and endearing attitude ) were at long last noticed , and the Giants invited them to training camp .
When Cruz arrived in Albany , N.Y. , Watley sent them a goody box to share with the veterans -- sunflower seeds , jelly beans , gummy bears . `` I told them you do what you need to do , even if that 's driving to Walmart and buying them 1,000 yards of tape , '' they say . That preseason , Cruz showed glimpses of what was to come in a memorable three-TD exhibition game against the Jets , but then they missed all but three games in 2010 because of a pulled hamstring . As the 2011 season began , they were near the bottom of the Giants ' WR depth chart .
It was n't until early-season injuries to others elevated Cruz 's role that QB Eli Manning discovered Cruz 's brilliance at creating space for themselves and finding holes in opposing secondaries . Further , Manning began to notice what they later called Cruz 's extraordinary `` knack for making a little tick on a play designed to net five yards and turning it into 60 and 70 yards . '' Says fellow Giants receiver Ramses Barden , `` It 's their ability to start at top-end speed and accelerate out of cuts and create separation . ''
Last season , Cruz finished with 25 receptions of at least 20 yards . By the time Cruz had scorched team after team and had scampered 99 yards for a breathtaking score against the Jets on Christmas Eve , their post-touchdown salsa celebration had become a nationwide meme . They did it for Jimmy Fallon . They did it onstage at the Grammys , then was seated inches from Adele . They were parodied on SNL . Then there was the Puerto Rican Day parade in New York City in June , when they jumped off their float to salsa with a female police officer .
On Monday , a bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus in the House released their list of “ solutions ” regarding Obamacare . Developed over the past several months , the list can easily be summed up in a single phrase : Single payer .
The lawmakers did n't come out and say as much , of course , but that would be the net result . In funding more bailout spending for insurers , the proposal clearly states that Obamacare is “ too big to fail ” —that no amount of taxpayer funding is too great to keep insurers offering coverage on the health exchanges . Enacting that government backstop would create a de facto single-payer health-care system—only with many more well-priced insurer lobbyists around to demand more crony capitalist payments from government to their industry .
Cost-Sharing Reductions
Suppose for a minute that a burglar comes into your house late at night and tries to steal your belongings . Upon apprehending the suspect , the burglar tells you that they only stole your property because he 's hungry and struggling to provide for their family .
In this scenario , how likely would you be just to give the burglar your property , so they could have the resources they need ? Probably not very . On the one hand , that would solve the burglar 's immediate problem , but the burglar broke the law—and ignoring that offense will only encourage future law-breaking .
That 's essentially the scenario facing Obamacare 's cost-sharing reduction payments , meant to subsidize discounted co-payments and deductibles for certain low-income individuals . Obamacare did n't include an actual appropriation for the payments , so Barack Obama just made one up that did n't exist . In essence , they stole both the constitutional spending power of Congress and taxpayer funds—recall that spending money without an appropriation is not just a civil , but a criminal , offense—to get Obamacare started .
Yet Congress seems far more worried about propping up Obamacare than holding President Obama to account—focusing solely on the outcomes to individuals , while caring not a whit for the effects on the rule of law . The Problem Solvers Caucus plan includes cost-sharing reduction payments with no accountability for the Obama sdministration 's flagrant violation of the Constitution .
Ironically , Tom Reed ( R-NY ) and other Republican members of the Problem Solvers Caucus voted in 2014 to authorize the lawsuit that declared the cost-sharing payments unconstitutional last year . But do Reed and their other colleagues actually want to do anything to enforce that lawsuit , and preserve the Constitution that they swore to uphold ? Not a chance .
Reinsurance
The Problem Solvers Caucus plan also includes “ stability fund ” dollars designed to subsidize insurers for covering high-cost Obamacare enrollees . But here again , the proposal throws good money after bad at insurers , creating a new government program after non-partisan auditors concluded that insurers illegally received billions of dollars from the last federal bailout .
Last September , the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) concluded that the Obama administration illegally funneled billions of dollars in reinsurance funds to health insurers rather than the U.S. Treasury . After taking in “ assessments ” ( read : taxes ) from employers , the text of Obamacare itself requires the government to repay $ 5 billion to the Treasury ( to offset the cost of another Obamacare program ) before paying health insurers reinsurance funds .
But when employer “ assessments ” generated less money than originally contemplated , the Obama administration put insurers ' needs for bailout funds over the law—and taxpayers ' interests . GAO found the Obama administration 's actions violated the law , costing taxpayers billions in the process .
As with the cost-sharing reduction payments , the Problem Solvers Caucus would give insurers even more money , while ignoring the prior illegal—and unconstitutional—acts that benefited health insurers under the Obama regime . In so doing , the Problem Solvers proposal would create another big problem , by incentivizing future presidents to keep breaking the law to advance their political agenda .
Throwing Money at Problems
In general , the Problem Solvers Caucus attempts to solve problems by throwing money at them , by paying tens of billions of dollars ( at minimum ) to insurers . But as Margaret Thatcher pointed out four decades ago , socialism always runs out of other people 's money—a problem that the proposal would n't solve , but worsen .
The Problem Solvers Caucus proposal amounts to little more than an Obamacare TARP—that 's Turning Against Repeal Promises ( or Taking Away Repeal Promises , if you prefer ) . In abandoning the repeal cause , and setting up a federal backstop for the entire health-care system , the plan would create a de facto single-payer health-care system . Bernie Sanders would be proud .
SOCHI , Russia ( Reuters ) - Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on Saturday to visit Japan in the autumn , fuelling hopes of progress on a territorial dispute dating back to World War Two that is hampering trade .
Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe speaks during a Northern Territories Day rallies in Tokyo February 7 , 2014 . REUTERS/Yuya Shino
At talks during the Winter Olympics in Sochi , Putin and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe greeted each other warmly and hailed the speed at which relations between their countries were improving - in contrast to Tokyo 's strained ties with Beijing .
Agreement is not close in the dispute over the ownership of four Pacific islands , but the two leaders have held five summits in the last 13 months and agreed in Moscow last April to revive talks on a treaty which would unblock trade and business ties .
“ Since I visited Russia the pace has been very fast . We want to keep up the pace , ” Abe told a news conference at which they announced Putin 's visit to Japan but set no exact date .
“ Agreeing a peace treaty is the most difficult challenge , a historic mission , ” they said . “ We should not leave this to the next generation . ”
The islands , northeast of Hokkaido , are known as the Southern Kuriles in Russia and the Northern Territories in Japan .
The Soviet Union seized them after it declared war on Japan in August 1945 , forcing 17,000 Japanese to flee days before Japan surrendered .
CONTRAST WITH CHINA
Abe , who will also see Putin at a summit of the Group of Eight industrial powers in Sochi in June , came to the Winter Olympics in a show of support for Putin .
Several other world leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama , did not attend the Games ' opening ceremony after international criticism of Putin 's record on gay rights .
Putin responded to Abe 's gesture by making clear they were committed to strengthening ties with Tokyo , praising an improvement in trade , although Moscow has said a major breakthrough will depend on concluding a formal peace treaty on the islands .
“ We have seen a good environment created that could help resolve the most difficult problem in bilateral relations , ” Putin said before talks began .
Abe 's relationship with Putin stands in marked contrast to Japan 's sharply deteriorating ties with China and South Korea , involving spats over tiny uninhabited islands , although Abe said : “ The Japanese door to China is always open . ”
Russia has been strengthening political and energy ties with Beijing , and President Xi Jinping also attended the start of the Games in Sochi , but Moscow is also uneasy about China 's rise and is keen to strengthen energy and trade ties in Asia .
Putin made an official visit to Japan in 2005 , during their initial 2000-2008 presidency , and visited again as prime minister in 2009 . Abe 's visit in April was the first official visit to Moscow by a Japanese prime minister in a decade .
Abe and Putin have not let the islands dispute block progress in diplomacy , centering on natural gas and other natural resources .
By contrast , the leaders of Chinese and Korean leaders have rebuffed Abe 's repeated calls to meet .
Some Russian oil flows are being redirected to Asia via the East Siberia-Pacific Ocean pipeline , and Russia plans to at least double oil and gas flows to Asia over the next 20 years as it turns away from export routes to Europe .
Japan sees this as an opportunity . It has been forced to import huge volumes of fossil fuel to replace its entire nuclear power industry , shut down after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami wrecked the Fukushima plant .
Japan now consumes a third of global liquefied natural gas shipments , a key reason for its record 18 months of trade deficits . Russian gas lies on Japan 's doorstep and already makes up about a tenth of its LNG imports .
President Barack Obama suffered a very public rebuff to their plans to green America 's economy today when Republicans in the Senate blocked their choice of overseer for oil and gas exploration .
David Hayes , an environmental lawyer , fell three votes short of the 60 needed for confirmation as the deputy interior secretary . Hayes had served in the same post when Bill Clinton was president .
It was the first time an Obama nominee has fallen on the Senate floor , in a defeat engineered by Republicans from oil-rich states .
Angry Democrats accused Republicans of using the vote as payback against efforts by the Obama administration to overturn several controversial measures brought in during the final days of Bush 's presidency .
The interior secretary , Ken Salazar , has revoked 77 oil-drilling permits in Utah , awarded under Bush-era regulations that made it easier for oil and gas companies to drill in wilderness areas and near national parks .
`` This was a tired vote of bitter obstructionism , '' Salazar said in a statement after today 's vote . `` It may be uncomfortable for some to watch us have to clean up mess after mess – from corruption to lawbreaking – that is the previous administration 's legacy at [ the Department of ] Interior , but to cast a vote against such qualified and fine person is the height of cynicism . ''
The Republicans , led by Utah 's Bob Bennett and Alaska 's Lisa Murkowski , rejected the charge .
`` The real issue in this matter is the credibility of the Department of Interior , '' Bennett told the Senate . `` They say these [ cancelled ] leases are too close to the national parks . Sixty miles away is not too close . ''
Salazar had kept working until the final moments before the vote to try to win round the Republicans , writing personal letters to both Senators . They told Bennett they would take a second look at their decision to cancel the drilling permits , and promised Murkowski a hearing on their concerns that Obama would be too rigorous in enforcing the endangered species act . Despite losing the vote , Salazar stood by their decision to revoke the drilling permits .
Hayes , as deputy to Salazar , would have had day-to-day control of the interior department , which oversees public lands in the western states , national parks and management of fish and wildlife . It was unclear whether Senate Democrats would make a second attempt to get Hayes confirmed in the job . Three Democrats did not vote today .
Police officer in South Minneapolis , Minnesota , shot dead a 40-year-old woman from Sydney shortly after they dialed 911 to alert of a possible alley assault . The woman 's family now demands answers for what they say was unprovoked violence .
In the wake of the shooting , the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension issued a statement confirming that two officers were responding to a 911 call implying that an assault could have been taking place in in the alley off West 51st Street , between Washburn and Xerxes Avenues , around midnight on Saturday .
Read more
“ At one point one officer fired their weapon , fatally striking a woman , ” it said in a statement , without revealing any further details on what provoked the police to use a deadly force against the woman .
The officers were wearing bodycams at the time the altercation unfolded , but they were not turned on , according to the statement .
The vehicle dashcam also “ did not capture the incident , ” the police said . They noted that an investigation has been launched into the incident , which is currently “ in its early stages . ”
Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges released a statement on Facebook , saying that they “ heartsick and deeply disturbed ” by the incident , vowing to share as more information concerning the circumstances of the incident as soon it will be available .
Hodges in particular promised to press the investigators to answer why the bodycams were disabled at the time of the incident in a press conference they hold together with police on Sunday , as cited by the Start Tribune .
Read more
Meanwhile , the death of the woman , identified as Justine Ruszczyk , originally from Sydney , Australia , sparked a wave of indignation among the local community , with residents gathering at the scene of the suspected crime to demand police accountability .
The woman was due to marry their fiancé , Don Damond , 50 , in August . While the pair was not legally husband and wife just yet , Ruszczyk was preferred to be referred to by their would-be husband 's surname , Damond .
Justine Damond 's stepson Zach Damond said in a Facebook video they released on Monday morning , that they “ demands answers ” from the police for what they described as unprovoked violence .
“ Basically my mom was shot for reasons I do n't know , ” they said , adding that woman called the police after they allegedly heard “ a sound in the alley . ”
“ She probably thought something bad was happening and then next thing I know they take my best friend 's life , ” the young man said , urging those who want to help them to shed light on the death of their stepmother to “ just call the police and demand answers . ”
“ I 'm so done with all this violence . It 's so much bulls * * t. America sucks , ” they said .
Flowering in this species occurs at night . Their large size , irregular funnel shape , and bright yellow coloring all point to a pollination syndrome with bats . Indeed , pollen of this species has been found on the fur of at least three different bat species . Multiple observations ( pictured here ) of bats visiting the flowers helped to confirm . Oddly enough for a bat-pollinated plant , the flowers produce no detectable odor whatsoever . However , another aspect of its unique floral morphology is worth noting .
The surface of the flower has an undulating appearance . Also , the sepals themselves have lots of folds and indentations , including lots of dish-shaped pockets . It is thought that these might help the flower support the weight of visiting bats . They may also have special acoustic properties that help the bats locate the flowers via echolocation . Though this must be tested before we can say for sure , other plants have converged on a similar strategy ( read here and here ) .
As it stands currently , Passiflora unipetala is endemic to only a couple high elevation cloud forests in northern Ecuador . It has only ever been found at two locations and sadly a landslide wiped out the type specimen from which the species description was made . As such , its introduction to the world came complete with a spot on the IUCN Redlist as critically endangered . Luckily , the two localities in which this species has been found are located on privately protected properties . Let 's just hope more populations are discovered in the not-too-distant future .
Photo Credits : [ 1 ]
Further Reading : [ 1 ]
Conservative reformers such as Rep. Paul Ryan ( R-Wis. ) argue that anti-poverty programs need to be transformed from a one-size-fits-all series of federal wealth transfers to a more holistic approach that focuses on individuals ' specific needs and that aims to end dependency . Liberals look askance at this notion , suspecting that it is some sort of excuse for not spending more at the federal level . But , in fact , if we focus on outcomes , the biggest successes are those programs customized and administered at the state and local level that encourage aid recipients to become productive workers .
House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan ( Susan Walsh/Associated Press )
Robert Doar , who ran New York City 's anti-poverty programs under two mayors , knows this from personal experience . Commenting on Ryan 's plan , they stated : “ As a former state administrator , I like that they are offering states , through their Opportunity Grant , greater flexibility and a way to combine funding streams to come up with solutions designed for the particular circumstances of the people we are trying to help . Too often our solutions are restricted by the particular demands of a narrow program designed in Washington. ” They dispel the notion that this is simply liberalism-lite : “ As conservatives who are properly skeptical of what government can accomplish , we need to be careful as we engage in discussions on poverty policy that we not lose sight of the importance of the individual and the community in helping people in need . So it 's ok to offer a better federal government solution but we should be sure not to couch in it the language of the left that always promises far more than government can really deliver . The key to success will always be to create an environment where individuals can work and move up economically based on their own efforts , because it is only in earning success that one really escapes poverty . ”
That gets to the nub of the difference between liberals and conservatives on this topic . For the left , fighting poverty means giving people stuff ( primarily money ) ; it 's a problem of resources . What they do when resources run out is n't an issue , in part , because the goal is not independence but relief from physical deprivation ( e.g . poor housing , insufficient food ) . Conservatives , however , see poverty as the result of behaviors ( out-of-marriage children , absent fathers , school dropouts ) that are counterproductive and keep people from earned success ( enjoying the spiritual and economic rewards of work ) . Since liberals fear that this amounts to “ judging ” or “ blaming ” the poor , they are often loath to direct their energies to help people change habits of behavior and reprioritize their goals .
David Brooks calls this a matter of “ character. ” ( “ Social research over the last decade or so has reinforced the point that would have been self-evident in any other era — that if you ca n't help people become more resilient , conscientious or prudent , then all the cash transfers in the world will not produce permanent benefits. ” ) That , I fear , will really turn off liberals , since it implies that the poor have “ low ” character . In fact , what Brooks describes boils down to making behavioral changes of the type Ryan and other conservative reformers recommend . ( “ If you can change behavior you eventually change disposition . People who practice small acts of self-control find it easier to perform big acts in times of crisis . Quality preschools , K.I.P.P . schools and parenting coaches have produced lasting effects by encouraging young parents and students to observe basic etiquette and practice small but regular acts of self-restraint . ” )
Whatever you call it , the results of anti-poverty programs should be subject to study , analysis and measurement . We ca n't keep measuring success by the dollars flowing into these programs . That 's a measure of how much poverty we have . Rather , we need to attend to the numbers of people returning to work , the number of degrees obtained by former recipients , the family income of former recipients five or 10 years down the road and the rate of recidivism ( drug or alcohol addiction relapse ) and re-incarceration . In business-speak , what you do n't measure , you ca n't manage or improve .
The task for anti-poverty advocates is first to admit that what we 've done has n't worked and then agree on the goals ( e.g . independence ) and the best ways to assess results . Then , let a thousand programs bloom . The best can be duplicated and refined , the others discarded . This is hard and time-consuming work , but if we really care about reducing poverty , it 's the only honest approach .
A unanimous vote by the Cultural Heritage Commission Monday night passed an agenda item to designate the World Famous VIP Records sign as a historic landmark .
The iconic sign will be stored in a temporary location before being restored and relocated to a new permanent location , pending a vote from the Long Beach City Council in December .
“ I 'm very happy , this is a great night that I 've been looking forward to , ” Kelvin Anderson , founder of VIP Records , told the Post . “ According to the mayor , designation of the sign would open up bigger opportunities for funding and programs . Hopefully we can push it to the city council vote and get to start working to build new VIP experiences in music , business and education . ”
Kelvin Anderson ( fifth from left ) with supporters at City Hall . Photos by Michael Garcia .
Anderson and VIP Records are associated credited with the early development of west coast hip-hop artists like Nate Dogg , Warren G , Snoop Dogg and the group 213 .
The sign will be moved in about 30 days as VIP plans to bid on a city-owned vacant lot across the street of the record store 's original location on Pacific Coast Highway and Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue . VIP is still looking for a place to store the sign .
“ We 're trying to work out a situation where we can get access to that property and bring a new VIP experience , but if that does n't happen we 're open from the 91 to the Queen Mary wherever that lands , ” Anderson said . “ But I would be honored to keep the sign here close to the community . ”
Among the dozens of supporters who turned out to speak in favor of VIP was California Treasurer and candidate for governor John Chiang who pushed for the designation citing the importance of preserving the diversity and history of Long Beach .
“ I think it 's important that we recognize the great history and contributions of VIP , not only from an artistic perspective but what it 's done for social , psychological and emotional development of individuals , especially those who have struggled and overcome , ” Chiang said during the hour-long comments portion of the hearing .
Shirin Senegal , president of VIP Records , stressed the importance of preserving the landmark and pointed out that there are only 4 percents of African American landmarks nationally .
Long Beach locals and those helped by Anderson over the years pushed for preservation , recalling stories of how Anderson 's store provided a safe haven from gang violence in the 80s and 90s .
RELATED College Radio Day at LBCC Honors VIP Records Owner Kelvin Anderson
Artist Young Hype said Anderson gave them a consignment deal allowing them to get a start on their music career . A former Long Beach resident recalled when they were a mail carrier and was asked by a tour bus driver where VIP Records was located . A woman who moved from Orange County to Long Beach shared how their son took an interest in rap music and stressed the connection between the city and music .
California Treasurer and candidate for governor John Chiang and VIP Records founder Kelvin Anderson speak on the importance of preservation before the Cultural Heritage Commission meeting at City Hall .
The designation by the Cultural Heritage Commission passed after the members found it met both criteria for designating a historic landmark : historical significance as VIP was involved in the development of western rap music from the 80s to the early 2000s and its association with the life of an important person , in this case Anderson for their community contributions .
The Long Beach City Council will vote on the landmark designation in December .
Soup dumplings fall in the category of `` delicious things we love to order when we 're out , but would never even dream of making at home . '' Until now , that is . This dim sum staple may seem complicated , but it 's really just made from three separate components : the dough , the filling , and the soup . Where things get tricky is in the process of sealing the dumpling with a series of intricate folds . Do n't worry : We 've got step-by-step video instructions and a tutorial on how to do it . Get the recipe here , see step-by-step photos here , then check out the video below and read on for more DIY dumpling tips from Bon Appétit associate food editor Claire Saffitz .
The Filling
On the surface level , the filling may look like just ground pork , salt , sugar , and aromatics ( like ginger , white pepper , and garlic ) , but the technique is all in how you mix it together . Using chopsticks will give you greater control over the process , ensuring that you do n't overmix it . Another trick for knowing when to stop mixing is to keep a close eye on the side of the bowl . As soon as the filling leaves behind a thin film on the side , it 's mixed enough . Going too far will cause the filling to be tough .
The Soup
It 's an age-old mystery : How does that steaming-hot soup get into the dumplings ? It 's actually a super gelatinous stock that 's been cooled and cut into cubes . The cubes fit easily into the dough , along with the ground pork , and liquify into soup once they 're steamed . So how do you get soup so gelatinous that it 's solid at room temperature ? By making a stock with the most gelatinous ingredients . We 're partial to pigs ' feet , pork bones , and pork skin . Not only are they traditional , but also they contain lots of collagen that melts into the stock , making it thick and viscous . Add in some aromatics , like ginger and scallion , simmer for an hour , then pour into a wide casserole dish and let it cool in the fridge until set .
To portion the soup , slice it into tiny cubes with a knife ( `` It 's basically meat Jell-O at this point , '' explains Saffitz ) . Add them right into the filling , then mix until they 're evenly distributed . Set aside some extra cubes so you can add supplement each dumpling if need be .
The Dough
The dough is made with basic all-purpose flour and hot water . Using hot , but not boiling , water helps to develop the gluten in the dough , which makes for stretchy , chewy dumplings . Mix until just combined ( it will look a little craggy and shaggy ) , then let it rest for ten minutes . Afterwards , add a little vegetable oil to help lubricate it , and knead until very elastic . Wrap it in plastic so it does n't dry out , and let it rest for an hour . The prolonged resting period also helps develop the gluten .
To roll out the wrappers , you 'll need three tools : a wooden dowel , a ruler , and a bench scraper ( also known as a pastry scraper ) . Divide the dough into four equal-sized pieces , and work with one at a time , keeping the other three wrapped . Roll out dough into a 12-inch tube , then use your ruler to divide it into 12 1 '' pieces . Press your thumb into the cut-side of each piece to flatten it and help the dough roll out more evenly . Flatten it further with your fingers , then use the dowel to roll it out to 4 '' in diameter . The key here is to keep your work surface lightly floured ( too much will dry out the dough ) , and apply slightly more pressure on the outer edges than the center of the circle . Keep the rest of the portioned dumplings covered in more plastic to avoid drying them out .
The Assembly
Add a tablespoon of the mixed filling to the center of the rolled wrapper , and use the back of the spoon to flatten it toward the edges of the wrapper . Make sure that the filling contains a few of the gelatinous cubes or else your dumplings will be missing the soup component . To seal them , tug up gently on one side of the wrapper and fold it over itself to create a pleat . Repeat 18 times ( for luck ! ) as you rotate the dough around completely in your hand . ( Did n't quite make 18 ? No sweat . Eleven or 12 folds will do just fine . ) Before you seal the top , be sure to leave a little air pocket so the filling has room to steam . Pinch tightly when you close the dough together , or it will open as it cooks .
Cook and Eat
The trick here is all in the steamer basket . Prepare it by layering the bottom with cabbage leaves treated with a light sheen of nonstick cooking spray . Add the dumplings , cover , and set over a skillet of boiling water for 8 minutes . To eat , use chopsticks to transfer your dumpling to a soup spoon and dip it in a simple sauce made from black vinegar , soy sauce , ginger , and scallions . Carefully nibble a bite out of the side of the dumpling to release the soup—it 's hot ! —and slurp it up . How to tackle the dumpling itself ? Do n't be dainty ; these babies are best taken down in one big bite .
Get the recipe : Pork Soup Dumplings
See the step-by-step photos
WARNING : GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW
The Sudanese government has been accused of carrying out at least 30 gas attacks in Darfur which are feared to have killed hundreds of children .
Amnesty International says it has obtained video and photo evidence which shows Sudanese civilians dying in agony as they vomit blood and struggle to breathe following a spate of chemical attacks in the war-torn region .
Its report estimates that up to 250 people have died in the Jebel Marra area of Darfur since January , and that the majority of them are children .
The Telegraph attempted to reach the Sudanese government for comment at its embassy in London on Wednesday , but did not receive a response .
Darfur is in the grip of a civil war which has seen more than 300,000 people killed since the conflict began in 2003 .
Omar al-Bashir , the Sudanese president , has been accused of leading a campaign of rape and mass murder against civilians in Darfur - the International Crime Court ( ICC ) charged them with genocide in 2008 .
BERLIN , Nov. 10 -- Europe erupted in cheers to celebrate Barack Obama 's election as president , but the continent is seeing its share of insensitive racial blunders , too .
Over the past week , a number of European lawmakers and journalists have made foot-in-mouth comments regarding America 's black president-elect , suggesting that some otherwise respected public figures in Europe are far from enlightened on racial matters .
The day after Obama 's victory , a leading Austrian television journalist said on camera that they `` would n't want the Western world to be directed by a black man . '' A Polish lawmaker stood up in Parliament and called the election result `` the end of the white man 's civilization . ''
One of the milder gaffes came from Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . On Thursday , during a visit to Moscow , they praised Obama for being `` young , handsome and even suntanned . ''
Berlusconi 's remark caused a stir in Italy , as critics chided them for sounding like a fool . But the prime minister was unrepentant . `` What 's the problem ? It was a compliment , '' they told journalists the next day . Anyone who did not get the joke , they added , was an `` imbecile . ''
Some racist comments have come from people who have expressed such views before . `` Africa Conquers the White House , '' read a headline on the Web site of the National Democratic Party of Germany , a political party that sympathizes with neo-Nazi groups . In an accompanying article , Jürgen Gansel , a party leader and an elected lawmaker in the German state of Saxony , blamed Obama 's victory on `` the American alliance of Jews and Negroes . ''
Offensive opinions have also originated from the other end of the political spectrum . Die Tageszeitung , a Berlin newspaper that supports socialist and leftist causes , predicted Obama 's election in June when it published a large front-page photo of the White House under the headline , `` Uncle Barack 's Cabin . ''
The reference was to `` Uncle Tom 's Cabin , '' an anti-slavery book written by 19th-century author Harriet Beecher Stowe . But editors of the paper insisted they did not mean to imply that Obama would be an Uncle Tom , or a submissive slave . Rainer Metzger , a deputy editor , said the headline was satirical .
`` I 'm sure 99 percent of our readers would understand it correctly , '' they told the German magazine Der Spiegel . `` As for the rest , well , tough luck . You ca n't please everybody . ''
Yonis Ayeh , a board member with the Initiative of Black People in Germany , a group that criticized the Die Tageszeitung article when it was published , said racial prejudices are common , if not always blatantly expressed .
`` Sometimes you have people or groups who say , 'We are the left wing , we are the good ones , we are not racist , ' `` they said . `` But it does n't matter if you are right wing or left wing . It 's not just the neo-Nazis and the skinheads . ''
In Austria , Obama 's win prompted a harsh , on-air reaction from a well-known journalist , Klaus Emmerich . `` I think the Americans are still racists and they must be very badly off to so spectacularly -- and that has to be said , no doubt -- send a black man with a black , very good-looking and clever woman to the White House , '' they said Wednesday during a show on public television network ORF .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced Tuesday that the number of full-time missionaries has reached an all-time high of 75,000 .
Since President Thomas S. Monson 's announcement in October regarding age requirements for missionary service , a surge of young men and women in the LDS church have applied to serve a mission , pushing the numbers from 58,500 in October to the newly announced 75,000 .
The Deseret News previously reported that the number of young men and women applying to serve missions jumped nearly 500 percent soon after the change , which led to the opening of 58 new missions , now totaling 405 . The growing numbers also prompted the opening of a Missionary Training Center in Mexico .
In May , LDS Church Spokeswoman Ruth Todd said the church estimated more than 85,000 full-time missionaries would be serving by Fall .
Two videos included in the Mormon Newsroom announcement describe a day in the life of a normal LDS missionary .
In writing `` Destiny and Power : The American Odyssey of George Herbert Walker Bush , '' Jon Meacham conducted several interviews with Bush 41 . Those interviews reveal , among other things , Bush 's deep disappointment in Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld , who , from the elder Bush 's perspective , did not serve Bush 43 as well as they might have . But Bush is not content to settle old scores , some of which date back to the Ford Administration . They go out of their way to assign some of the blame to the vice president 's wife , Lynne Cheney , whom they describe as a driven , `` iron-ass , '' meddler . ( Apparently , `` iron-ass '' is one of H.W . 's favorite descriptors  one they do not reserve exclusively for Mrs . Cheney . ) No one would suggest that a 91-year-old former head of state should not speak their mind , but whether we chuckle or recoil at their choice of adjectives , we miss the point . Bush 's blunt force candor points to a deep , sustained and personal division among long-time political allies .
It 's carnival time , folks . E3 2012 is just shy of a week away , and with its onset , we can expect a flood of announcements and trailers , rumors and speculations , megatons and betrayals . As the Big Three- Sony , Nintendo , and Microsoft- try and convince the industry and gamers that they have the next twelve months in the bag as far as your gaming needs are concerned , it is perhaps time to stop and consider , realistically , just what we can expect from E3 this year . While a Playstation 4 announcement would make us crap our collective pants , and while a Metroid/Star Fox crossover would definitely intrigue us , they 're probably really not happening . At least , not this E3 .
So let 's stop and try and consider , with a balanced head , what announcements we can reasonably expect ( and not expect ) from Microsoft , Sony , and Nintendo this E3 . For all those holding out for some unexpected megatons , this will not be a pretty list . Brace yourself .
MICROSOFT
Microsoft has consistently managed to disappoint players for the last two years straight . Their focus has entirely been on the Kinect , and on trying to turn the Xbox 360 into a one-stop media box , expanding the functionality of the system via interface changes and media partnerships . And while this new direction has paid off for them in spades- sales of the Xbox 360 are higher than ever before , defying the traditional trend of a console 's lifecycle- gamers in general have become increasingly disillusioned with what the Xbox 360 has come to .
If you 're expecting a sudden shift in Microsoft 's focus this E3 , well , fat chance . Microsoft has already notified analysts that it plans on focusing on apps and media functionality this E3 . Kinect is still selling , having shifted over 25 million units so far- a massive audience that Microsoft must now support at any cost . Core exclusives are still a rare commodity unless they come from a first party studio , of which Microsoft does not have many .
With all of that in mind , what can you expect from Microsoft this E3 ?
Expect to see Black Ops 2 demoed . Microsoft has made it a point to ensure that the general public associates Call of Duty with the Xbox 360 ( a de facto exclusive , if you will ) , and that wo n't change anytime soon . The last three Microsoft E3 presentations have all opened with a Call of Duty game demoed . With Black Ops 2 coming later this year , you can expect it to headline Microsoft 's keynote as well .
Expect to see Kinect . Lots and lots of Kinect . Whereas Microsoft might try to stop shoehorning Kinect 's motion controls into core game , there will probably still be lots of core games that will support Kinect in some capacity . The recently announced Kinect support for Skyrim made the peripheral look positively enticing to so many core gamers , and in that capacity , as an optional add-on that augments the game , Kinect might find more acceptance among both , gamers and developers .
Expect to see more Xbox Live stuff . By this I mean that there will be more media partnerships announced at E3 for Xbox Live . Microsoft aims to make the Xbox 360 your one-stop media box , so expect to see more media support . They 're also big on apps for the Xbox , so they will probably unleash a spate of apps all incoming within the year . Couple that with a new interface , also probably due by year end , and you have a large bulk of Microsoft 's conference .
Expect to see Halo 4 . Microsoft genuinely thinks that tossing one core exclusive per year- be it Halo , Forza , Fable , or Gears- is enough to keep them pacified . Maybe not , although that strategy has worked so far . Halo 4 is due later this year as the console 's big holiday exclusive . As such , expect to see a big focus on it this E3 .
Do n't expect a new Xbox . The most you might get by way of new hardware would be another Xbox 360 revision , but you wo n't get a new Xbox console period . As a matter of fact , Microsoft wo n't even talk about the next generation Xbox for now . The 360 is currently the market leader , and they have no reason to disrupt its momentum by announcing new hardware for now .
Do n't expect a price cut . Microsoft 's recent bid to sell an Xbox 360 at $ 99 with a two year contract for LIVE is probably their idea of a low-cost Xbox 360 for the budget market . Most likely , rolling it out nationwide is going to be their big price related announcement ( remember that so far , this scheme is available only at Microsoft 's own stores ) ; otherwise , at best , expect an announcement that Kinect will be bundled with all $ 299 250 GB Xbox 360s and all $ 199 4GB Xbox 360s . That , also , would represent a significant value proposition from their point of view .
In a recent article on The Conversation , University of Melbourne Professor Emeritus Frank Larkins wrote that Australia 's targets to increase renewable energy will make electricity more expensive , thanks to problems with consistency and storage .
But Professor Larkins is several years behind developments in renewable energy and its integration into electricity grids . In fact , we already have technically feasible scenarios to run the Australian electricity industry on 100 % renewable energy — without significantly affecting supply .
When the sun does n't shine…
Professor Larkins states that hydro , wind , solar depend on :
irregular weather patterns , which lead to uncertain and intermittent power output . This is a big challenge for electricity generators and retailers , and it can cost lots of money .
But the problem of “ consistency ” or variability of some renewable energy sources is now better understood , both from empirical experience with lots of wind power in electricity grids , and from hourly computer simulations of electricity supply and demand performed for many states , countries and global regions .
For instance , South Australia nominally has two coal-fired power stations , several gas-fired ones , and at least 15 operating wind farms . Wind now supplies an annual average of 27 % of South Australia 's electricity generation . As a result , one of the coal stations is now shut down for half the year and the other for the whole year . And the state 's electricity supply system is operating reliably without the need for any additional non-renewable energy supply .
In Germany , the northern states of Schleswig-Holstein and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern have about 100 % and 120 % , respectively , of their electricity generated from the wind . Of course they use their transmission links with neighbouring states ( including each other ) to assist in balancing supply and demand with such high wind penetrations .
100 % renewable — without supply problems
But Australia 's National Electricity Market ( NEM ) has no such links to other electricity supplies . How could it increase generation from renewable energy without hurting electricity supply ?
Ben Elliston , Iain MacGill and I at UNSW have performed thousands of computer simulations of the hour-by-hour operation of the NEM with different mixes of 100 % commercially available renewable energy technologies scaled up to meet demand reliably .
We use actual hourly electricity demand and actual hourly solar and wind power data for 2010 and balance supply and demand for almost every hour , while maintaining the required reliability of supply . The relevant papers , published in peer-reviewed international journals , can be downloaded from my UNSW website .
Using conservative projections to 2030 for the costs of renewable energy by the federal government 's Bureau of Resources and Energy Economics ( BREE ) , we found an optimal mix of renewable electricity sources . The mix looks like this :
Wind 46 % ;
Concentrated solar thermal ( electricity generated by the heat of the sun ) with thermal storage 22 % ;
Photovoltaic solar 20 % ( electricity generated directly from sunlight ) ;
Biofuelled gas turbines 6 % ; and
Existing hydro 6 % .
So two-thirds of annual energy can be supplied by wind and solar photovoltaic — energy sources that vary depending on the weather — while maintaining reliability of the generating system at the required level . How is this possible ?
It turns out that wind and solar photovoltaic are only unable to meet electricity demand a few times a year . These periods occur during peak demand on winter evenings following overcast days that also happen to have low wind speeds across the region .
Since the gaps are few in number and none exceeds two hours in duration , there only needs to be a small amount of generation from the so-called flexible renewables ( those that do n't depend on the vagaries of weather ) : hydro and biofuelled gas turbines . Concentrated solar thermal is also flexible while it has energy in its thermal storage .
The gas turbines have low capital cost and , when operated infrequently and briefly , low fuel costs , so they play the role of reliability insurance with a low premium .
No need for batteries
Our research , together with similar extensive hourly computer simulations by others spanning up to a decade from Europe and the USA ( reviewed in Chapter 3 of “ Sustainable Energy Solutions for Climate Change ” ) , refute Professor Larkins ' statement that “ We need baseload electric power [ from non-renewable sources ] to guarantee security of supply ” .
Many regions of the world could operate a 100 % renewable electricity system reliably without any baseload power stations . Indeed , in electricity supply systems with a lot of renewable energy , inflexible coal and nuclear baseload power stations get in the way . What we really need to balance the variability of wind and photovoltaic solar are the flexible renewable energy power stations : hydro , solar thermal and biofuelled gas turbines .
This mix needs only a little storage from hydro and solar thermal to maintain reliable supply . With enough fuel , biofuelled gas turbines could also be considered storage . Such a mix has no need for expensive batteries or hydrogen fuel cells .
Using BREE 's conservative projections for the costs of renewable energy technologies in 2030 , we find that the cost of 100 % renewable energy is A $ 7-10 billion per year more than that of the existing polluting fossil fuelled system . Although this is a 50 % increase , it is likely to be less than the damage caused by the increased frequency of heatwaves , droughts and floods in a business-as-usual scenario .
The renewable scenarios would be economically competitive with the fossil system either with a carbon price of A $ 50 per tonne of CO 2 ( reflecting part of the environmental and health damage from fossil fuels ) or , in the absence of a carbon price , by removing the existing subsidies to the production and use of fossil fuels and transferring them temporarily to renewable energy .
As an alternative to BREE 's cost estimates , Bloomberg New Energy Finance calculates that wind and solar are already cheaper than new build coal and gas in Australia . If this is correct , 100 % renewable systems are already economically competitive with a new fossil-fuelled system .
Australia could be more ambitious
Is Australia 's Renewable Energy Target of 41,000 gigawatt hours per year in 2020 “ ambitious ” ? Not on a world scale . The table below compares several countries ' renewable energy contributions , as well as their official long-term targets .
Considering that Australia has much greater solar energy and wind potential than the European countries , its present renewable contribution and its 2020 target are both modest .
Moving to 100 % renewable electricity is safe , technically feasible and affordable . It can cut greenhouse gas and other emissions and land degradation , while creating local jobs and energy security . It is ready to go !
How does one of the world 's most elite restaurants remain in business , when it caters to only one diner at a time in an incredibly cramped dining room , has just 19 items on its menu and does not even provide utensils ? It even has a rather unappetizing name : The Coffin Corner .
What in the world keeps an exclusive clientele , which numbers only about 100 people a year , coming back time and time again ?
Maybe it 's the view .
At this bistro , seating is reserved for Air Force U-2S pilots , whose seat by the window is over 13 miles high and offers a panorama like no terrestrial establishment—a view of the curvature of the Earth .
But dining in this area of the atmosphere can be deadly ; hence the restaurant 's apt , if unpleasant , name . Lose concentration while downing your first course , the aircraft 's speed can fall too low and the wings will stall ; let your speed rise too high , and the critical Mach number will be surpassed and you can potentially tear the wings off the jet .
Either way : no dessert for you .
Nonetheless , “ Dragon Lady ” pilots have been straddling the troposphere and stratosphere for more than six decades—gathering some of the most integral imagery , electronic measurements , and significant intelligence used by the U.S. and its allied forces . But one interesting fact that tends to be overshadowed by their battlefield and research prowess is how these adrenaline junkies eat .
“ It 's not uncommon to spend upwards of 12 hours flying missions in the U-2 , ” said U-2 pilot Maj. Jared Hieb . “ When you are conducting operations for that long , It 's integral to maintain your nutrients , your calories , your hydration . ”
Seems simple , right ? Not when you consider that each pilot that steps into the Dragon Lady 's lair is wearing a pressurized spacesuit , making cramming a hoagie down their throats at The Coffin Corner restaurant a bit difficult .
Tasty paste , anyone ?
Since kindergarten , and maybe into high school for some , students were constantly reminded not to eat the paste . But U-2S pilots are actually encouraged to do so . Flying on the edge of space , pilots quickly learn to “ embrace the paste . ”
Operating above 70,000 feet means the air pressure is so low , that if the pilot lifted their visor to eat , their blood would literally boil . In order to allow for packing in some much-needed nutrients during their long missions , special probes were engineered and installed in the helmet so pilots could slurp down their chow from what resembles a tube of toothpaste . Though the very thought may sound less than appetizing—they say it 's actually quite the opposite .
“ Here , at the Combat Feeding Directorate of the Natick Soldier Research , Development and Engineering Center , we research , develop , sample , package , and distribute 19 different types of U-2 foods , which we call ‘ tube food , ' ” said Dan Nattress , an 18-year food technologist and project officer for the tube feeding program . “ Each one of our tube foods have been developed in our research kitchens by culinary and nutrition experts . However , much has changed in the 50-plus years . ”
When combat feeding was first established , there was little-to-no input from the pilots as far as meal preferences were concerned . So , if you were the unlucky jock that got the Manhattan Clam Chowder—good luck keeping it down . But , in 2010 , the Air Force flew Nattress and their head chef Deborah Haley to Beale Air Force Base in California to speak with the consumers . The feedback resulted in the half-century-old purees getting a well-deserved modernization .
“ We did n't know exactly what to expect when we met with the pilots , but what we quickly found out , is that they were extremely excited to meet us , ” said Nattress . “ Next thing we knew , we were back in the kitchen , doctoring up new recipes and making improvements to their favorite menu items . ”
The outcome of the pilot surveys resulted in four product requests : key lime pie , beef stroganoff , peach melba , and the development of a breakfast item that included bacon . All were fulfilled , with the request for tubed bacon , turned into a highly anticipated entrée : hash browns with bacon .
For those that are concerned about gulping down a cold tube of chicken a la king or truffle mac and cheese , do n't be . Within the U-2 there is a specially designed tube heater that caters specifically to this psychological comfort . Imagine a car cigarette lighter , but instead of being thumb-sized , it 's 6 inches in length and 3 inches diameter—that 's what the 5-ounce tubes are warmed in .
“ I always make sure I have a big breakfast before I fly , and for a typical eight to nine-hour mission , I make sure that I have three tubes in my side-pack , ” Hieb said . “ Every pilot has their favorite tubes . For me , I prefer the foods with fruit , like apples , peaches and pears . ”
Justifiably , staying hydrated and well fed is integral to a mission of such length .
“ When I 'm ready to eat , I reach for the food bag on the left side of my suit , fish around for the tube I want , and prep it , ” Hieb explained . “ This includes me finding a food straw , screwing it into the tube , inserting the straw into the food port on my helmet , and start slowly squeezing the tube . Plus , if I want my truffle mac warmed , I throw it in the heater . ”
Sounds easy enough , but the pilots must take their time and cautiously squeeze their meals .
“ The first time I flew and used a tube food , it did n't go so well—it actually exploded , ” Hieb said , jokingly . “ Because I was unfamiliar with the delicacy of the process , I squeezed my chocolate pudding too hard . The funny thing about the situation was that I had no idea what had happened , because you do n't always have the best sense of your immediate surroundings when you are new to wearing the suit . When I landed , my mobile pilot came up to me and asked if I enjoyed my pudding or not—I then realized it was all over the front of me . ”
Food with altitude : Plus the good stuff .
Without explanation , it may seem like the chefs at Natick 's Combat Feeding Directorate just grab ingredients , throw them in a massive blender , and pack them in tubes—but the process is more complicated and deliberate . Often times it takes months of research , planning and preparation to get the recipes just right . Additionally , the Air Force has strict guidance on nutritional values for each of their 19 U-2 meals , which include nine entrees , five fruits and five deserts . They control the percentage of fats , proteins , carbohydrates , and most importantly to the pilots—they insure there is an acceptable taste .
Though all those ingredients are important for maintaining the pilots ' stamina , there was still one thing that was completely missing ; a highly sought after commodity amongst the Dragon flyer community . It 's in coffee – what American 's wake up to on a daily basis : caffeine .
Yep , they now have that , too .
Included in three of the 19 tube foods are between one and three cups of coffee worth of caffeine . This inclusion is important , given the exhaustion levels driven from the cognitive and physical taxations the pilots undergo to complete a mission .
Understandably so , this is also the reason that the three caffeinated products , apple pie , chocolate pudding , and jazzy mac are hard to keep stocked . They are just that good .
Whether it be the chicken a la king , the jazzy mac and cheese with caffeine , or the delectable taste of the peach melba , one thing is certain—the Air Force and the Combat Feeding Directorate have the pilots best interests in mind . This is why both groups are continually evaluating new methods to support the physiological need of the pilots through nutritional supplementation .
“ The convenience of tube foods are fantastic ; they are great when you are hungry or in need of an energy boost , ” Hieb said .
“ But , let 's be realistic ; although the food tastes good , and I get to enjoy it in a place that beats any restaurant on Earth 's surface , I probably would n't order puréed hash browns and bacon at IHOP , ” they said , laughing . “ However , during the next set of annual surveys , I 'm going to suggest that Dan and their crew find a way to package a barbacoa fajita burrito tube—but , I wo n't be holding my breath . ”
WHEN narrowly avoiding a triple-dip recession is the best that could have been hoped for , it is clear that an economy is in the doldrums . On April 25th statisticians estimated that Britain 's economy grew by 0.3 % in the first quarter of this year . That is well within the margin of error , and may be revised away . It is not growth so much as a bump .
Other countries are struggling , too . But in the G20 club of big economies , Britain 's performance ranks second worst over the past five years , above only Italy 's . No slump in two centuries has been this bad .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Britain is an economic laggard for a variety of reasons . It is highly dependent on financial services , which have suffered . The public sector , once another big growth area , is being cut in an attempt to balance the books . To cap it all , more than half of Britain 's exports are to sickly Europe .
But the most important explanation is Britain 's hobbled banking sector . The big lenders make more loans than they have deposits , plugging the gap by borrowing in markets . But in 2008 that funding dried up . Only HSBC , a bank with a large wall of Asian deposits , was immune . Lenders scrambled to borrow money at higher prices , or cut their lending to narrow the funding gap . The economy suffered as a result : since 2009 lending to businesses has been in constant decline . And despite the fact that the Bank of England 's interest rate has been held at 0.5 % , average mortgage rates are close to 4 % .
A look at the construction industry shows how the credit crunch has damaged the economy . The industry is still shrinking . Counting firms that build houses , offices and civil projects together , its contribution to GDP was a disappointing minus 2.5 % in the first three months of 2013 ( see chart ) . Although construction accounts for just 7 % of national output , it is a drag on the whole economy : growth in the biggest chunk , services , was a fairly healthy 0.6 % .
If all were well , private house-building would be on the up , says David Thomas of Barratt Homes , Britain 's biggest builder . Each year 230,000 or so new homes are needed partly because Britons are living longer and in smaller households . But even before the crisis , the supply of new houses fell short , averaging 190,000 per year . There is thus lots of demand .
But British homes are expensive . The average house costs £163,000 ( $ 250,000 ) according to Nationwide , a building society . That is around six times a typical worker 's pay . When banks were willing to lend up to 95 % of the value of a property , this was not a grave problem . But such loans disappeared in the credit crunch . As lenders refused to lend more than 75 % of a property 's price , deposit requirements jumped from £8,000 to £40,000 . Demand fell , followed by supply : the number of new private houses completed per year fell by almost half between 2007 and 2011 .
The fate of Britain 's builders also illustrates another trend : the travails of small firms . There are many small builders , says Jeff Fairburn of Persimmon , another big firm . Industry data show that the top 20 companies account for only about half of all construction . If the sector is to expand , both large and small need to be healthy .
Tight credit is choking small firms . In house-building , as in many other industries , bigger outfits tend to have more of their own cash and more ways to borrow . Persimmon is cash-rich : it can use earnings to pay dividends and fund investments . Barratt has strength in diversity : it issues equity to shareholders , sells bonds in public markets and borrows from banks too . Small builders , by contrast , typically rely on bank borrowing alone .
In response to the squeeze , the Bank of England announced a souped-up lending scheme on April 24th . Funding for Lending , which lowers banks ' own borrowing costs so that they can pass on the savings to their customers , is to be extended and sharpened . Banks that trim lending will be denied more discount funding , whereas those that provide more credit to smallish firms in 2013 will get £10 of extra funding support for each £1 they lend . This should help all firms , including builders : a survey by the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors shows that 88 % think that tight credit continues to hold back construction .
For the optimistic , this could be the point at which Britain turns . There are certainly signs of life in the house-building sector . Mortgage rates are falling , and higher loan-to-value ratios are more freely available . Quantity surveyors , who are involved in the early stages of construction projects , expect their businesses to blossom . Builders like Barratt and Persimmon report that inquiries are growing .
And if private house-building picks up , wider benefits should follow . Renting is now an expensive option , according to recent analysis by Steven Bryce of Credit Suisse , a bank . As 85 % and 90 % mortgages reappear , Britons can switch out of the expensive rental market . This would liberate demand for goods and services , swelling other parts of the economy .
But in flat-line Britain , growth predictions always come with a safety warning . The construction pipeline is long , warns Patrick Law of Barratt : it can take 73 weeks from finalising a project plan to beginning building . That means the full benefits of recent policies may not appear until the middle of 2014 . For a government that must hold a general election by 2015 , that timing could prove very tight .
City council members and investors discuss the future of SoccerCity . NBC 7 's Artie Ojeda has more . ( Published Monday , June 19 , 2017 )
San Diego City Council members are expected to decide Monday if the SoccerCity proposal will be put to a public vote in a special election .
Last week , San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer and the City Council were split down party lines over whether to support the redevelopment plan .
The City Council shot down a hotel tax for convention center expansion last Tuesday , likely to be a strong barometer for the Soccer City vote . Even so , supporters say they are going to persevere .
“ We 're going to come and present all the merits of the Soccer City project to the city council , ” Soccer City Project Manager , Nick Stone , told NBC 7 .
SoccerCity investors concede it is a long shot to win council approval , but they hope a strong showing will be what is needed to get the green light this November .
Investors said they hope to avoid a special election because they want to protect Measure L , a recently passed measure which puts citizen 's initiative measures on the general election ballot in November .
“ Soccer City needs 50 plus percent of the vote and we still poll 60/40 in a special election and 70/30 in a broad general election because people love this , ” Stone said .
“ When north of 60 percent of voters say they wish that they want to see big decisions -- our most important decisions made in November generals , you 've got to listen to that and you 've got to respect that , ” Laura Fink of Public Land Public Vote said .
But SoccerCity supporters say that time is money .
Their plan calls for housing , hotels , a river park and a soccer stadium . They say ideas from other developers could take years , while the city incurs millions of dollars in debt on the current stadium .
“ What we continue to be concerned about and what we continue to show up for is to protect Measure L and protect the will of the voters and make sure we 're making decisions during November general elections , not special elections , ” Andrea Guerrero of Alliance San Diego said .
Opponents also claim Soccer City 's citizen initiative helped avoid environmental reviews , but Stone says Soccer City went above and beyond .
“ I 'm very hopeful on Monday . The voice of the people matters , the voice of our supporters matter , and the economic , overwhelming economic logic here matters . ”
Today , the marble statues that once adorned Greek palaces and temples are pale white . But thousands of years ago , they were covered in colorful paint . To envision how these sculptures looked when they were first made , German classical archaeologist Vinzenz Brinkmann creates full-color scale replicas of ancient effigies decorated in hues of purple , gold , pink , red , and blue .
As IFL Science reports , the statues ' original colors are a mystery , but archaeologists can use a technique called “ raking light ” to identify which areas were once painted . By illuminating statues with an angled lamp , they can see which sections of the statue are eroded , and which are n't . The areas that are less worn down were once coated in pigment , which provided protection from atmospheric conditions .
In the the video below from the Getty Museum , you can watch Brinkmann examine the marble sculptures of Athena and Paris from the Temple of Aphaia , which now sit in the Glyptothek museum in Munich , Germany . By reimaging the sculptures ' former colors and patterns , Brinkmann helps bring the classical treasures into an entirely new—and far more historically accurate—light .
[ IFLScience ]
Know of something you think we should cover ? Email us at tips @ mentalfloss.com .
Sen. Heidi Heitkamp was watching TV recently when they saw a report that Susan Collins was considering a run for Maine governor and soliciting advice on the decision .
The North Dakota Democrat quickly shot a text message to their Republican colleague : “ Do n't do it . ”
Story Continued Below
A move by Collins to seek the governorship would rock the Senate and the broader political landscape . In a chamber controlled by just 52 Republicans , Collins and a handful of other centrist senators can decide the fate of President Donald Trump 's agenda . And a run by Collins for governor could eventually cost the GOP one of its last congressional footholds in New England .
Collins is torn over whether to leave their prominent perch as one of the Senate 's few true moderate legislators , according to their colleagues . If Collins had made up their mind by now , said Sen. Angus King ( I-Maine ) , “ she already would have announced it . ”
In an interview , Collins said the buzz about their prolonged indecision is “ accurate. ” They initially planned to make up their mind by the end of September , but pushed back their deadline to mid-October as they wrestled with the GOP 's recent Obamacare repeal effort .
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
“ Given the contentious environment in Washington right now , my voice and vote matter a great deal , ” Collins said . “ On the other hand , if I were fortunate enough to be elected governor , I could work more directly on job creation . ”
They added : “ That 's why it 's such a difficult decision to make . And I 'm trying to figure out where I matter most . ”
A Governor Collins would leave centrists like Heitkamp even more lonely in the Senate . But Heitkamp acknowledges that Collins is feeling a tug to return to Maine full time : “ Fundamentally , they want to go home . ”
“ She is [ up in the air ] . And I think they had hoped to make a decision before this , ” said Heitkamp , who themselves weighed retirement before announcing this year she 'd run for a second term . “ I desperately hope they do n't run . ”
There 's also risk for the fourth-term senator . They could face a primary challenge in the gubernatorial race , fueled by term-limited Republican Gov . Paul Lepage 's open disdain for Collins ' opposition to Obamacare repeal proposals . And if Collins runs , it would likely fuel Democrats ' push to take back the Senate in 2020 , since most Republicans believe she 's the only person from their party who can hold the seat .
In 2012 , when Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R-Maine ) retired , King walloped the GOP candidate . So the first thing Sen. Jerry Moran ( R-Kan. ) did when they took over as the Senate GOP 's campaign chairperson was set out to persuade Collins to run again in 2014 . They won reelection with 68 percent of the vote and Republicans took the chamber for the first time in eight years .
King is begging them not to leave . And in an unusual display of bipartisanship in the Senate , so are moderate Democrats .
“ She 's so important to the country here , ” said Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D-Mo. ) . “ We do n't have enough folks like her . ”
Republicans are fretting Collins will join retiring Sen. Bob Corker ( R-Tenn. ) and create a wave of pragmatic GOP senators fleeing the chamber . Though Collins holds sway as one of the chamber 's few swing votes , they also face the frustration of watching their party constantly doing the opposite of what she 'd like — from trying to repeal Obamacare on party lines , to refusing to hold a hearing on Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland , to nominating Donald Trump .
In the latest Obamacare repeal effort , even after party leaders had written them off as an automatic “ no , ” they came under unyielding pressure from the White House . Vice President Mike Pence called them last Saturday as they drove across the state , a conversation that got so in-depth that Collins pulled their car over .
They talked for 40 minutes . Not even two days later , Collins came out in opposition , delivering the knockout blow . And they say another party-line shot is unwise .
“ I do n't think having a partisan approach to an issue that affects one-sixth of our economy and affects millions of Americans is the right way to go , ” Collins said .
Collins is reevaluating their career amid some ominous developments for a politician with their profile . Prominent deal-makers in Congress are retiring just as a new wave of strident conservatives are trying to break in . Meanwhile , Republicans say they want to take another stab next year at a party-line repeal of Obamacare , and they 're weighing doing the same thing on tax reform .
Collins would enjoy more autonomy and control over the agenda as governor of Maine , a job they sought unsuccessfully in 1994 .
Asked whether they would run , Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) cited their surprise with Corker 's decision and said : “ You never know with these people . ''
“ I always expect them to act in a way that they think is best for Maine , ” said McCain , who is close with Collins and understands any aversion they might have to their current situation . “ Am I happy with the environment here ? Of course not . Nobody could be . ”
Collins said their committee work and seniority “ really matter ” — but they are tantalized by the opportunity to help the less prosperous parts of the state , where shuttered paper mills and an aging population have devastated the economy .
“ I 'm from the northern part of the state , which needs a lot of help … two-thirds of the state is losing population and opportunity , ” they said . “ I have some ideas for economic development that only a governor can pursue . ”
Maine Republicans say Collins would likely have to navigate the divide between the Trump and establishment wings of the Republican Party if they run . LePage spent September slamming their opposition to the Graham-Cassidy health repeal bill as “ shameful ” as the two sparred over whether the bill would have been good for the state .
Phil Harriman , a political analyst and former Republican state senator , said LePage 's attacks on Collins could be damaging given their sway over the state party , though she 'd be a clear front-runner in a general election .
“ It would be more complicated , at least in the Republican primary , ” Harriman said . “ If it was today , I would say she 'd probably face a primary challenge . ”
Collins is cognizant of the state 's complicated political environment . In the past two decades , Maine has had Republican , Democratic and independent governors . Collins , Snowe and King have been among the most independent-minded senators in recent years . And Trump won an electoral vote in the northern part of the state , pushing Maine into swing-state territory .
Asked about LePage 's performance , Collins was diplomatic . But they acknowledged the yawning difference between their measured moderation and their bombastic sound bites .
“ I support many of Gov . LePage 's policies , ” they said . “ Obviously , they and I have very different styles and we disagree on what the impact of what Graham-Cassidy would have been . ”
While Republicans are fretting that the GOP 's flailing governance of Washington will push Collins to join the retiring Corker and Pennsylvania Rep. Charlie Dent , it 's not uncommon for senators to mull leaving the dysfunctional chamber for executive office . Most , like Heitkamp and Sen. Joe Manchin ( D-W.Va. ) , eventually decide to stay in D.C .
Manchin was the outlier among senators interviewed for this story , who hope that Collins will stay put . The West Virginia senator said they should run if “ she thinks they have a shot for it . ”
“ Best job in the world . Oh my god . There 's no comparison , ” said Manchin , a former governor . “ You never deny somebody who has that opportunity to do something good for their state . ”
In the highly competitive world of seasonally released beers , Elysian Brewing might be considered the Great Pumpkin . Since opening in 1996 , the Seattle-based manufacturer has produced several dozen pumpkin brews , including the peach pumpkin ale that Budweiser mocked in a now infamous Super Bowl commercial nine days after the announcement that its parent company , Anheuser-Busch InBev , had purchased the craft darling .
But unlike the Great Pumpkin of Peanuts character Linus ' dreams , Elysian does deliver on its pumpkin promises . Fans waiting for the brewery 's usual line-up of about a dozen styles will not be left waiting in vain ; they can buy four packages across the country and eight on tap at the company 's brewpubs and festivals , including Elysian 's annual Great Pumpkin Beer Festival .
But this brewery 's keepers of the faith are the lucky ones this pre-Halloween season . Many other consumers of gourd beer are going to make some sacrifices .
Also on Forbes :
As I chronicled in a February 2016 article , brewers were caught completely off-guard late last year when sales of the once cultish style rotted away like a jack-o-lantern on a tropical Christmas afternoon . The problem : overproduction , oversaturation , underwhelming craft growth and overly hot autumn temperatures . Those woes were caused , in turn , by increased volume at established breweries , new breweries trying to cash in on the craze , fewer drinkers entering the market , and , well , climate change . For the first time , mass quantities of pumpkin beer sat on the shelves months past their sell-by date and a lot of breweries , wholesalers and retailers lost money . Many declared sudsy pumpkins a dying trend and decided to cut production this year .
Now it 's mid-September . Most craft brewers have finished their 2016 pumpkin run and trucked it out to their distributors .
Did they cut production ? Yes -- many of them drastically . That is , if they produced any pumpkin at all .
“ Ithaca [ Brewing ] has discontinued its pumpkin , as has Shock Top ( an Anheuser-Busch InBev product ) , ” says the owner of an East Coast AB InBev distributor who did n't want to use their name . “ We knew the market had kind of hit the wall last year . ”
Samuel Adams produced one instead of two pumpkins this year . Pumpkin powerhouses Harpoon Brewery , Southern Tier Brewing and Shipyard Brewing all produced less volume , as did four Philadelphia-area breweries contacted at random .
“ Finding our pumpkin on the shelf in May in a prominent grocery drove us to this decision . The beer landscape is changing , ” says Scott Rudich , owner of Round Guys Brewing in Montgomery County , PA , which will produce around 800 barrels ( 1 BBL=31 gallons ) of beer this year and cut pumpkin from eight batches to just one . They say their sales staff and distributors also requested the reduction .
The anonymous East Coast distributor says they think they ordered about 20 % less pumpkin this year than last .
“ Across the board I ca n't think of a single brand from which we have ordered more pumpkin , ” they say .
Likewise , the distributors Easton , PA , 's Weyerbacher Brewing works with reduced their orders and the brewery chopped pumpkin production in half , just as “ Intergalatic Sales Manager ” Bob Fauteux predicted in February . This , from a company that last year counted on its Imperial Pumpkin Ale for 15 % of its annual sales .
“ The market changed so drastically last year and we did n't want to be in that business where we have too much out , ” says Fauteux . “ We realize the market has shrunk and will never be what it was . ”
Fred Forsley , owner of Maine 's Shipyard Brewing , makes a whopping nearly 40 % of their money on the pie-spiced Pumpkinhead and its high-alcohol ( AKA “ imperial ” ) version , Smashed Pumpkin . Their sales dropped approximately 10,000 barrels last year . Instead of continuing to follow the industry norm by producing the entire supply at once , this year he 's going to brew batches incrementally based on what the market will bear . They think the overall reduction in national supply will actually help save the seasonal style . With fewer companies producing fewer SKUs and fewer barrels in competition for a finite amount of tap and shelf space , they believe survivors should be able to stay solvent .
2016 is Forsley 's year to make drastic moves . In an effort to start reversing an ever more insidious trend called “ seasonal creep , ” he 's not releasing their pumpkin-spiced beers until the season for which they were originally intended : autumn . Distributor demand and brewery capacity constraints have forced many breweries to sell pumpkin beer earlier and earlier . Weyerbacher , for example , hit stores in New Jersey on July 11 and everywhere else less than a month later . Sam Adams , notorious for encouraging seasonal creep by selling its spring seasonal on January 1 , has often been first to market , even ahead of Weyerbacher .
Marking the first time a major brewery has refused to play along with that game , Shipyard is recalibrating its release schedule to put pumpkin beers back on the calendar where they belong : in the fall and winter . Calling the 15-year-old Pumpkinhead brand a “ perfect Christmas beer , ” Forsley initially released in it September . Now , sick of delivering a cold-weather beer to distributors in July , they held on to their early batches until the third week of August and consumers should be seeing it on shelves by this week .
By doing so , he 's not only shifting the time/space paradigm for pumpkin but perhaps for other seasonal styles , too . Basically , he 's making extra money off their summer beer by continuing to sell it through the end of summer ( “ The people coming off these cruise ships , ” they say , looking out over Portland 's port on an early September morning , “ they want a lobster and a summer beer. ” ) and he 's developing an aggressive marketing campaign to convince distributors and retailers to keep stocking Pumpkinhead and Smashed Pumpkin until year 's end .
“ It 's nerve-wracking when you have customers emailing you telling you they want the product , ” they said a few weeks before said product hit the street . “ It 's kind of real time right now . ”
But they report some of their distributors as relieved and are confident they wo n't have to pick up any out of code product .
Though they did n't comment on the Shipyard plan specifically , the East Coast distributor says he 's an anomaly in that they do n't want pumpkin beer in their warehouse before August 1 . He 'll store it for later sale when asked by breweries that do n't have room to keep it themselves but in turn asks them to let them wait to pay until they sell it to theirs accounts .
“ They usually say yes because otherwise they know they 'd be tying up my cash flow , ” they say .
Boston 's Harpoon is shortening its pumpkin sales cycle this year , though several breweries contacted for this story said they 're not making any changes to their release schedule . Some are n't tweaking production , either , and a New Belgium Brewing sales rep who says the Colorado brewery has increased volume says it 's only to meet demand in a distribution footprint that includes four new states .
The sole outlier seems to be Delaware 's Dogfish Head Craft Brewery , revered for its Punkin Ale . Though the brewery normally holds its release until September 1 , it sold as early as August 8 this year to be available to liquor stores that set up its pumpkin displays that week . Citing strong sales last year , a brewery spokesperson says brewers also pumped up the volume , though no one was available Friday to say whether anticipated end-of-year growth into new states bore any responsibility for the increase .
Pumpkin beer 's loss could make for another seasonal 's gain . Other brewers will almost surely follow Forsley 's lead by extending summer beer season through summer , and instead of crying over spilled beer , some brewers are already looking to capture revenues from a growing interest in lagers by adding or showcasing the amber-hued Vienna lager or Marzen styles associated with Oktoberfest , which drinks nicely regardless of the weather .
However , the same wo n't necessarily hold true for every seasonal style , especially the popular , rich , sweet one that 's cold-weather dependent and could just become another victim of its own success .
Says Luke Bowen , co-owner of suburban Philadelphia 's Evil Genius Brewing , which kept its pumpkin production at last year 's levels : “ Pumpkin sales are still strong compared to other seasonals , like spring . But they are definitely weaker overall . I fear the same will be true for holiday beers for many of the same reasons . ”
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
December 27 , 2017 Comments Off on And the award for ‘ most controversial ' Christmas tree for the season goes to… the city of Belgrade Views : 2539 Urban Trekker
A visit to Belgrade in the middle of October would have surprised some people , as the heart of the city center , Knez Mihailova , for instance , was already adorned with some Christmas lights and decoration , though months away from the holiday season . Perhaps that was already a premonition that there were more surprises along the way for the people of Belgrade . As it turns out , there were .
Once the surprise has arrived , an artificial Christmas tree , word got out that it was worth a deal of 83,000 euros . Reactions from people have followed quickly , as , given the salty agreement , the 18-meter-tall tree did not look particularly spectacular . For many people , hearing out such news has not been the most pleasant .
Outrage as the artificial Christmas tree in the centre of Belgrade was contracted to cost 83,000 euros – making it one of the most expensive in the world https : //t.co/pkDj7PRDK9 pic.twitter.com/6vmqduOsSj — AFP news agency ( @ AFP ) December 23 , 2017
Things have further culminated after Belgrade 's mayor , Sinisa Mali has stated that the city is to cancel the deal , following news release by a Serbian website that the plastic tree had cost a lot more than the winning Norway spruce installed in front of 's Rockefeller Center . While the poor-looking Belgrade tree hits record 83,000 euros , the costs for its lavish counterpart in New York has been a little under 62,000 euros . “ I was surprised by those numbers , ” has stated the mayor .
According to the contract , now alleged to be put to halt , the Serbian tree came from a company called Keep Light , which has controversially won tenders to install New Year decorations all over Belgrade not only in 2017 but also previously in 2016 .
Public backlash in Belgrade over Christmas tree cost https : //t.co/Gktyu1oOER pic.twitter.com/JFpS473B1D — euronews ( @ euronews ) December 27 , 2017
And while the Belgrade 's tree has been now dubbed as “ one of the most expensive in the world , ” people of Belgrade are not alone amid controversies surrounding probably the most important decoration a city can have for Christmas . The people of have been unhappy , with what they got for quite a lucrative deal too . Their tree has been dubbed as the “ world 's saddest Christmas tree , ” and people have likened it to a toilet brush or a plucked chicken . The tree was transported from South Tyrol , and it has managed to die out days before Christmas .
For many Italians , the dead tree has represented nothing but an embarrassment for the capital , and has further been described as “ a shameful spectacle for citizens and tourists. ” Others have also said that the dead tree is a symbol of the city 's decay . The Rome city hall has stated that there are no plans for removal of the tree , while others have even defended the tree 's distressed look , that it is simply decorated in a “ simple and refined ” fashion .
Vote for your city – participate in our annual survey at This City Knows for 2017
Tags : Belgrade , Christmas tree , Rome
@ storiesofiran illuminates a country that & # 39 ; s shrouded in mystery for most Americans .
Born to Iranian parents in Northern California , lawyer Gilda Gazor posts to Instagram under the handle @ storiesofiran . “ My father lived and worked in Iran for most of my life , while my mother raised me and my two brothers in the states , ” Gazor says . “ It was important to my mother that I remain connected to my Persian culture , so they spoke to me only in Persian at home and cooked mostly Persian food . Growing up in a typical American town , my mother had me learning Persian classical music on the piano and santoor—a traditional wooden instrument with strings , which you sit on the floor to play and strike with a mallet . I did n't exactly get asked to join any cool garage bands , but I balanced that stuff with American things like swim team and watching 90210. ” After several trips to Iran as an adolescent to visit their father , and further visits in their 20s , they moved to Tehran in 2009 for a few years . After teaching Comparative Law in the U.S. , they returned to Iran in 2015 because , they say , “ I hit a point in my life where I needed to further explore my past and heritage to understand where I wanted to be in the future . '' Now , with their Instagram account , they aim to promote the true beauty and nature of Iran and its people . We caught up with them to learn more about their background , their experience in Iran , and their hopes for its future tourism .
Why did you decide to move to Iran ?
It was an accident . I went back during the holidays to see my parents , who both live here now , and kept pushing back my return flight . Finally , after four months , I decided to stay indefinitely . I had visited my father in Tehran as a pre-teen and lived and studied law here for two and a half years after law school , but I had never really tried to build a life here . After sanctions removal became a reality , I thought it was a good time to stay and explore potential career opportunities where I could utilize my law degrees from the U.S. and Iran . What I have been most passionate about are the photographs and stories I post on Stories of Iran . After taking a 30-day road trip to 22 provinces , 36 cities , and three islands , I realized that Iran was just as much my home as the U.S .
Rural life in Subatan , Gilan . Photo by Gilda Gazor
What makes you feel at home in Iran ?
Sometimes , I do n't feel at home . It can be hard to be away from my friends , and I definitely miss the little things like Sprinkles cupcakes , SoulCycle , and my Davines hair conditioner . But I 've learned to make it my home . I know the local market owners , I drive all over town , and I 've made it my mission to find which baker has the freshest Sangak bread , which is made of whole wheat flour and baked on hot rocks in a fire pit . It also helps to have my mother here and that they love food as much as I do , always finding the best restaurants to eat perfectly grilled kebob ( it 's all about getting the flame right to cook the meat . ) In general , people are so familial that even if I am not related to them , it feels like I am . I bond with other women I 've met here , sharing simple things like beauty tips—like where the best nail salon is , even though wearing nail polish is technically prohibited . Sometimes , these things are all it takes to make me feel at home .
article continues below ad
What challenges have you faced living in Iran as a woman and someone who grew up in another society ?
Most Iranians love Americans , and because of that , they are curious about my background and ask me about life in the U.S . They are particularly interested in American culture and imagine life to be better overseas . For this reason , being an American in Iran actually gets me only positive attention . As a woman , the hardest part used to be expressing my personal style while being covered . For tourists , it is easy to abide by the requirements with long-sleeved tunics in the summer and coats in the winter and scarves covering their hair , it can even feel exciting to wear . Living with it was an adjustment until I realized that I could make it work by combining clothes I 've brought from home , like Lululemon leggings and J Brand jeans , with accessories I buy in the bazaars , like beautiful handmade scarves and jewelry .
Traditional kooloocheh , a doughy pastry served in northern Iran Photo by Gilda Gazor
Why did you choose Instagram as the way to tell your stories ?
Instagram allows me to share my experiences immediately and on a global scale . Interestingly , when I look back on photographs I 've taken during prior visits to Iran , they are similar to the ones I post now . The difference is that instead of collecting dust in an album or on a hard drive , I can share them with others while fighting the misconceptions about Iran .
What are the misconceptions you 're trying to fight ?
That Iran is a scary place , volatile , and not welcoming to tourists , particularly Americans . But it 's very safe , and tourists are treated like celebrities and even welcomed into private homes . Also that women in Iran wear burkas . The required Islamic covering includes a headscarf and body covering , like a long jacket down to the knees . Some women choose to wear a chador , the long black cloak that in Western media typically has a negative association with radicalism . But the chador itself is merely a traditional cloth , much like the Indian sari . Some women wear it because they value modesty , not because they are oppressed , and they actually share the same desires , passions , and interests as many women in the West . Another great misconception is that Iran is an extremely poor country , but it has the second largest economy in the Middle East and North Africa region , after Saudi Arabia . Hopefully , once sanctions are removed and the economy is booming again , more people will come see for themselves .
A little Iranian boy enjoys their ice cream . Photo by Gilda Gazor
How long should a traveler plan to stay in Iran , and other than Tehran , what places are musts to visit ?
Ten days is the minimum . Two to three weeks are ideal . The summers get extremely hot , making travel very difficult in some areas like the central desert , which should not be missed . But from September through May , most of the country can be visited , and the covering for women is less burdensome during this time . I found Hormuz Island , in the Persian Gulf , to be the most beautiful part of the country . It is an untouched island with stunning rock formations . The water is so clear that turtles can be seen swimming from hundred-foot-tall cliffs . The absence of cars on the island means that its nature is preserved in its purest state .
article continues below ad
Shiraz , just a one-hour flight from Tehran , is my favorite city . It has been called “ the city of secrets , ” and rightfully so , because of its more than 600 years of history in poetry . Also , there are three historic sites located about one hour outside the city itself—Persepolis , the capital of the Achaemenid Empire with the earliest remains dating to 515 B.C . ; Naqsh-e Rostam , a necropolis of the tombs of Darius and Xerxes and also the tomb of Cyrus the Great .
Just outside the city of Kashan , between Tehran and Shiraz , is the Sialk ziggurat , where the oldest settlements date back nearly 8,000 years . Realizing that one of the world 's oldest civilizations sprang from Iran 's soil was a proud moment .
For something truly unexpected , in Yazd , central Iran , the Atash Behram , or `` victorious fire , '' is a Zoroastrian fire temple that enshrines a special fire which has been burning continuously for more than 1,500 years .
In addition to the historic sites , the beautiful nature , and shopping in old bazaars where one feels like they have traveled time , tourists can follow in Anthony Bourdain 's footsteps and uncover the delicious foods that true food lovers covet .
A young couple , dressed in traditional Qajar Era costume , make funny poses for a photograph at Golestan Palace , Tehran . Photo by Gilda Gazor
How do Iranians welcome guests into their home ?
Tables are set with fruit platters that vary based on the season ( apples , oranges , bananas in the winter ; cherries in the spring ; and figs , grapes , and melon in the summer ) but always include Persian cucumbers . Mixed nuts and dried berries called ajil—pistachios , walnuts , cashews , raisins , and dried mulberries—which are unique to Iran—are usually part of the presentation . Tea is the first thing offered to guest , served with something sweet like pastries , dates , or sugar cubes .
What last thought do you want to share about Iran ?
Iran is not just one thing , but a varied country that has been shaped by its history , geography , and climate . People in Iran are made up of different nationalities in addition to Persians : There are Kurds , Lurs , Turkmens , Arabs , Baluch , and others who each speak different languages . Even among those who are Iranian and speak Persian , there are different accents and dialects . Climatically , travel between provinces only 300 km apart from one another can feel like traveling between different parts of the world , with snow in the northern mountains to sun on sandy beaches on the southern coast during the winter . Iran 's rich history and civilization are important for people from the rest of the world to see—not as a separate entity but because it predates their own societies and provides context for their own history and culture as well .
Ernst Haeckel was born on February 16 , 1834 , in Potsdam , Prussia . They grew up in Merseburg , where their father was a government official . They studied medicine to please their family , at the University of Berlin and graduated in 1857 . But their real passion was biology , something they discovered while they were still a medicine student and their professor Johannes Müller , physiologist and anatomist , took them on a summer expedition to observe small sea creatures off the coast of Heligoland in the North Sea .
In 1859 , when Haeckel was 25 , travelled to Italy with the help of their parents . Haeckel spent some time in Napoli , exploring and discovering their talent as an artist . Then they went to Messina , where began to study radiolarians . Like Goethe and Humboldt , their science was influenced by deep their aesthetic aspirations and those little exquisite creatures , satisfied both .
In 1864 , young Haeckel sent to Darwin , two folio volumes on radiolarians . The gothic beauty of these drawings impressed Darwin . They wrote to Haeckel that “ were the most magnificent works which I have ever seen , and I am proud to possess a copy from the author “ .
Haeckel became the most famous champion of Darwinism in Germany and they were so popular that , previous to the First World War , more people around the world learned about the evolutionary theory through their work “ Natürliche Schöpfungsgeschichte ” ( The History of Creation : Or the Development of the Earth and its Inhabitants by the Action of Natural Causes ) than from any other source .
They were one of the first to state that humans evolved from apes and life evolved from non-living matter . They claimed that evidence of human evolution could be found in the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) . Eugene Dubois , inspired by Haeckel 's ideas , went to Indonesia and found the fossil remains of a hominid , later reclassified as Homo erectus .
They also wrote more than twenty monographs about systematic biology and evolutionary history , among them their studies of radiolarians , medusae and sponges are the most popular . They formulated the concept of ” ecology ” and coined the terms of “ protist ” , “ ontogeny ” , “ phylum ” , “ phylogeny ” , “ heterochrony ” , and “ monera ” .
But Haeckel was a man of contradictions . Their belief in Recapitulation Theory ( “ ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny ” ) was one of their biggest mistakes . Their affinity for the German Romantic movement influenced their political beliefs and Stephen Jay Gould wrote that Haeckel 's biological theories , supported by an “ irrational mysticism ” and racial prejudices contributed to the rise of Nazism .
Despite those faults , they made great contributions in the field of biology and their legacy as scientific illustrator is extraordinary . Their master work “ Kunstformen der Natur ” ( Art forms of Nature ) influenced not only in science , but in the art , design and architecture of the early 20th century .
In 1908 , Haeckel was awarded with the prestigious Darwin-Wallace Medal for their contributions in the field of science . After the death of their wife in 1915 , Haeckel became mentally frail . Three years later sold their house to the Carl Zeiss foundation and it presently contains a historic library .
Ernst Haeckel died on August 9 , 1919 in Germany at the age of 85 .
References :
Robert J. Richards , The Tragic Sense of Life : Ernst Haeckel and the Struggle over Evolutionary Thought , ( 2008 ) , University of Chicago Press .
Advertisements
Anti-Ahmadiyya poster : Mob protest against the arrest of shop owner in Lahore
Advertisements
LAHORE : A mob came out in the surrounding of Lahore 's Hafeez Center on Monday to protest against the detention of police 's arrest of a shopkeeper for pasting a hatful poster against Ahmadi communities .
Advertisements
Consisted mainly of shopkeepers from Hafeez Center , Lahore 's largest electronic marketplace , they gathered on Main Boulevard opposite the centre to stage their protest . They were holding placards and were chanting slogans against the arrest of shopkeeper Abid Hashmi and the lodging of case against him .
Earlier , Gulberg police arrested Hashmi for putting up a notice declaring Ahmadis ‘ infidels ' and banning their stepping inside their shop .
As stated in a news release , Deputy Inspector General ( DIG ) Dr Haider Ashraf took notice of the placing of notice by the shopkeeper and ordered the Model Town Division Superintendent of Police ( SP ) Mustansar Feroze to detain the suspect .
Hashmi was then detained on Sunday and a case was filed against them under section 295-A of the Pakistan Penal Code and 16 of the MPO .
Government of Punjab has removed the sticker . Thanks to @ Razarumi ( roomie ) / # IStandWithAhmadis pic.twitter.com/5aaeHZh3Y9 Advertisements
— Syed Ali Abbas Zaidi ( @ Ali_Abbas_Zaidi ) December 10 , 2015
The DIG declared afterwards that the National Action Plan ( NAP ) would surely be implemented and stern actions will be taken against those who breach it . They said that no one will be allowed to post any such thing containing hateful material against any community .
Protest outside Hafeez Centre in Lahore after police arrested a shop owner who had banned Ahmadis from their store pic.twitter.com/UwekXfCE0W — omar r quraishi ( @ omar_quraishi ) December 14 , 2015
John Honderich , the chair of Torstar , has a problem : Their flagship publication , the largest metro daily in the country by circulation , is dying . And hardly anyone cares .
The Toronto Star is not flat-lining ( I hope ) . But it has been shedding newsroom staff at an alarming rate , from 470 a decade ago to 170 now . And it 's not that absolutely zero persons , anywhere , give a hoot : The members of the Commons Heritage Committee , who have been hearing testimony about the travails of Canada 's newspaper industry , presumably care . It 's their job to care , after all .
But generally speaking , as big issues go , this one barely registers . It 's below Montreal 's pit bull ban . It 's below cute animal videos . It 's a thermocline layer below Donald Trump 's soft-porn cameo . We know this , naturally , because there 's so little chatter about it on Facebook and Twitter .
The phenomenon is n't limited to Honderich 's Star , of course . Postmedia chief executive Paul Godfrey shared essentially the same story with the heritage committee last spring , not long after the company merged newsrooms in markets where it owns two daily newspapers , and laid off 90 staff .
Friday , Rogers Media killed the print editions of four of its magazines , including Canadian Business . Maclean 's magazine will henceforth be printed once a month , rather than weekly . The strategy , according to Rogers , is to “ double down ” on digital . Translation : We need to do this for less money , because it 's all we can afford any more .
Local TV began moving out of small Ontario cities years ago .
It is , as far as the eye can survey , a media universe ruled by Google , Facebook , Twitter — and in Canada , the CBC .
The first has an effective monopoly on Internet searches , capturing the associated ad revenue . The second has an effective monopoly on community engagement , endearing photos of our children and , increasingly , display advertising in markets large and small . The third has an effective monopoly on political chatter and breaking news . The fourth announced last week it is setting up an op-ed division .
The Mother Corp. receives $ 1 billion annually in federal subsidy . Its funding is waxing , courtesy of the Trudeau government . It aggressively sells advertising – indeed , stomps with gigantic feet all over the national ad market , in competition with industry .
How long , given these enormous structural advantages , until the CBC is the only game in town ? And how healthy will that be for Canadian democracy , and taxpayers ?
The Commons heritage committee is examining , among other factors , the concentration of media ownership . This was the hue and cry last spring when Postmedia merged newsrooms in Ottawa , Calgary and Edmonton . It was equally top of mind when Torstar shuttered the Guelph Mercury last January .
The headline , with each successive retrenchment , is fewer professional journalists , fewer independent editorial voices , less diversity , a narrower band of opinion . These are legitimate concerns .
What 's missing in the discussion – especially in the lazy , drive-by shootings of traditional media that have become de rigueur on social media , when they bother to think of us at all – is that this is at root an editorial reaction to an advertising revenue problem , not the other way around . Google and Facebook especially are efficient vehicles for selling low-cost , targeted advertising . Kijiji has consumed what used to be the classified ad market .
Tough luck , is the free-marketer 's response : Be a better competitor . Which is fair . Media companies should be able to offer ads that compete on process , price and result with the systems of the digital giants .
Beyond that , however , are two important questions . The first is whether this can now evolve quickly enough to prevent a cascading series of corporate failures that leave the CBC , distributed via Facebook and Twitter , as the only provider of professional news reporting in Canada . The second , assuming the answer to the first question is no or maybe not , is what should be done about it , if anything .
Government ownership of newspapers is a non-starter , on principle ; one China People 's Daily – or indeed , one CBC — is enough . A mandated subscription minimum for professionally gathered news , which would effectively transform newspapers into regulated utilities , would be little better and impossibly complicated to introduce .
But a third remedy — a more robust anti-trust regime that pushes back hard against monopolistic behaviour in digital ads , as regulators in Europe continue to try to do — remains an option in Canada , as it does in the United States .
U.S. Federal Trade Commission staff found in 2012 that Google had abused its monopoly power , at the expense of its competitors and consumers . But the FTC wrapped up the probe in 2013 . The federal Competition Bureau took a look at Google in Canada . It wrapped up last April , taking no action .
Check-in at the Delta Toronto is now open . Thursday marks the grand opening of the city 's newest hotel , a 46-storey , four-star venue at Lower Simcoe St. and Bremner Blvd. , and a return to the provincial capital for the Canadian company , which ended a 37-year association with the Chelsea Hotel last summer .
Delta is opening its flagship hotel at the corner of Lower Simcoe St. and Bremner Blvd . on Thursday as the demand grows for hotel rooms across the city . ( Colin McConnell / Toronto Star )
To go dark in the country 's largest city for about 18 months was a bold move by the company , said Jennifer Worden , marketing and sales director for Delta Toronto . And returning with a flagship property was a no-brainer . “ We had to be here . There 's no way you could n't be , ” they said . Delta Hotels and Resorts , which began with a 62-room motel in Richmond , B.C. , more than 50 years ago , now owns 41 locations across 10 provinces . Its newest property will house 567 oversized units , averaging 400 sq . ft. , as well as multiple types of suites , including those equipped with kitchens for customers looking for extended stays .
Article Continued Below
While Delta uses its Toronto location , which will employ 300 workers , to rebrand the company as a “ next-generation , premium four-star hotel , ” its launch is also a sign of Toronto 's thriving tourism industry , experts say . Room rates will be comparable to the city 's other four-star hotels and will vary by season , Worden said . David Whitaker , president and CEO of Tourism Toronto , said the city could see record numbers for hotel occupancy , overnight visitors and room nights sold when the numbers come in at the end of next month . Almost 88 per cent of the approximately 20,000 downtown Toronto hotel rooms were occupied in September , according to the most recent statistics from the province 's Ministry of Tourism , Culture and Sports . That 's an increase of more than five percentage points over the same month last year . The number of people coming to Canada from the United States for overnight stays has also risen slightly , up 0.3 per cent this year over last year .
American and international visitors stay twice as long as domestic visitors , making twice the impact on Toronto 's economy , Whitaker said . It 's the evolution of a “ new Toronto ” that draws travellers , they said .
Article Continued Below
“ Last year it was the aquarium , the year before that the Shangri-La and the ( Ritz-Carlton ) . Queen 's Quay and Bremner Blvd . are being updated , and old is evolving into new , like the CN Tower 's EdgeWalk and Union Station. ” Travellers now understand what Toronto has to offer after years of marketing , agrees Terry Mundell , president and CEO of the Greater Toronto Hotel Association . “ These days , hotels have to cater to a variety of different clientele , and this property will cater to that . Families , young people , business people , whatever , ” Mundell said . Delta Toronto will be both a great leisure and corporate hotel , Mundell said , given it 's proximity to the convention centre . It 's also within walking distance to the Air Canada Centre and connected to PATH for travellers looking to escape any bad weather . The area , Worden said , gives even people from Toronto a new viewpoint on the city . “ Your whole life , if you 're from Toronto , you 've had an idea of the city looking down on the CN Tower from Bloor St . This is a whole new perspective. ” With files from Henry Stancu
The Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) is pushing back against the Internal Revenue Service 's ( IRS ) claim this week that it had to give a $ 7.25 million , no-bid contract to Equifax in the wake of its massive data breach .
`` Congress gave agencies , like IRS , the tools to move forward under appropriate situations . They appear to be electing not to use it , '' GAO public affairs managing director Chuck Young said in a statement to The Hill .
`` Congress provided IRS ( and all agencies ) with the authority to proceed should the agency determine that performance of the contract is 'is in the best interest of the United States ; ' or that there are 'urgent and compelling circumstances that significantly affect interests of the United States [ that ] will not permit waiting for the Decision of the Comptroller General concerning the protest , ' `` they said , citing U.S. code .
The comments from Young , first reported by Politico , come after the IRS agreed to give Equifax the more than $ 7 million contract to verify taxpayers ' identities and help combat fraud , according to a recently-issued contract .
The IRS is hiring the embattled credit reporting agency to `` verify taxpayer identity and to assist in ongoing identity verification and validations needs of the Service , '' according to its filing on Federal Business Opportunities , a website that lists federal contracts .
The IRS labels Equifax as a `` sole source order , '' which means that the agency believes the credit reporting company is the only business capable of providing the service .
IRS Commissioner John Koskinen defended the company 's decision in a letter to Rep. Earl Blumenauer ( D-Ore. ) obtained by Politico saying , `` the only alternative '' to doing business with Equifax was `` to shut down all online access to taxpayer accounts . ''
Lawmakers are taking aim at the IRS to figure out why the agency awarded the contract to Equifax after the credit rating company suffered a massive hack that compromised the personal information of more than 145 million Americans .
`` Right now , no businesses or consumers in Massachusetts or Nebraska would blindly trust Equifax to protect against fraud or handle sensitive personal information , '' wrote Sens . Elizabeth Warren ( D-Mass . ) and Ben Sasse ( R-Neb . ) on Wednesday .
Updated : 9:43 p.m .
Piers Morgan has “ proudly and unapologetically ” come out as male in a column for the Mail in which they attack parents who allow their children to self-identify their gender .
In not the first attack on trans and non-binary young people , Morgan wrote a column for the MailOnline titled : “ For God 's sake let boys be boys , and girls be girls , and stop this charge to turn them all into ‘ non-binary , gender fluid creatures of indeterminate sexuality . ”
In it , they widely condemn the idea that transgender or non-binary young people can self-identify .
They write : “ I 'm a man… There , I 've said it . At the risk of offending the world 's increasing army of hypersensitive PC-crazed snowflakes , I am proudly and unapologetically identifying as a male . ”
Morgan then moves on to criticise US Teen Vogue writer Emily Lindinfor a tweet they sent last night saying : “ Here 's an unpopular opinion . I 'm not actually at all concerned about innocent men losing their jobs over false sexual assault/harassment allegations . ”
Continuing , they hit out at Natasha Devon , a former mental health tsar for the government , who said they would not use gendered pronouns to address school students .
They said : “ I would never walk into a room in an all-girls ' school and say girls or ladies because it would be patronising . ”
Ms Devon goes on in their statement to explain that they do not like to remind students constantly of their gender and possible negative stereotypes that come with the binary genders male and female .
Morgan attacks Devon in the column , calling their statement “ outrageous ” and calling the idea “ utter garbage ” .
They appear to suggest that children , including their own , should only be referred to using gendered pronouns which correspond to the sex they were assigned at birth .
Adding : “ Speaking as a father of four children – three boys and a girl – I 'll tell you what I think might just cause young kids more anxiety than being called ‘ boys ' and ‘ girls ' – and that is telling them they CA N'T be called ‘ boys ' and ‘ girls ' .
“ The simple reason is they were born boys and girls . ”
Morgan goes on to say that by refraining from using gendered pronouns to address groups of students , would “ [ destroy ] one of society 's strongest and until now , the least contentious norms : i.e . that we 're all either male or female . ”
They continue , appearing to reject the idea that trans young people may present as a gender which does not line up with their gender identity .
“ A girl ‘ presenting ' as a girl is a girl and a boy ‘ presenting ' as a boy is a boy . ”
But Morgan insists that their belief “ does not make me transphobic ” , commending Caitlyn Jenner , who they interviewed , for their “ extraordinary courage and determination ” .
Apparently not understanding misogyny , gender pay gaps , transphobia and other prejudices , Morgan says they do not support the “ creeping eradication of conventional gender altogether , as if somehow it is a bad thing . ”
They call members of the “ radical transgender community… loud and extreme ” compared to the “ non-radical community ” , and says that this group is leading the “ new gender war ” .
Admitting that a campaign to allow young people to identify how they wish has been “ undeniably successful ” , Morgan also aims at Facebook for having more than 70 gender options .
The broadcaster and journalist adds that they “ does n't mind if adults want to identify themselves as giraffes or parrots if it makes them happy . ”
But they say they “ does mind ” when people are encouraged not to use binary pronouns in case it “ may offend the gender fluid brigade ” .
They also attack the idea that a child as young as five could self-identify their gender .
Saying that it would cause “ unease and discomfort ” , Morgan says schools are beginning to allow “ boys who identify as girls ” use female bathrooms .
They also claim that the dictionary definiton of “ gender ” is “ The state of being male or female , ” drawing the conclusion : “ Therefore we are all either boys or girls , men or women . ”
Morgan then concludes that the statements made are “ madness ” , writing : “ Let our boys be boys , and our girls be girls . ”
This is not the first time Morgan has attacked trans and gender-non-conforming people , particularly young people .
Morgan continued their latest angry-man-yelling-at-clouds routine by grumpily muttering : “ No more boys , no more girls , no more mothers and no more fathers . ”
Susanna Reid , their co-host , asked : “ Are you feeling threatened ? ”
Piers said agreed that they are , and predicted : “ We 're all going to be fluid .
“ We 're all going to be giraffes . ”
Their hate of trans people has been building for a long time .
George Petrolekas is a fellow with the Canadian Global Affairs Institute . They have served in Bosnia and Afghanistan and has been an adviser to senior NATO commanders .
With observers of the European Union fearing a political snowball effect from the Greek debt crisis , they should also turn their attention to the geostrategic impact .
In January , pressed to find funds to meet credit demands , Greece sold its fleet of Zubr-class hovercraft to China . They are the largest vessels of their kind in the world , capable of carrying as many as 500 troops or a mix of troops and armoured vehicles .
Story continues below advertisement
In one fell swoop , the Chinese Navy gained an amphibious capability that could play out soon in the country 's disputes in the South China Sea – either directly against U.S. interests or the interests of NATO-friendly nations .
If a 'Grexit ' comes to be , how it unfolds is important . Will it be a managed exit or an acrimonious divorce ? How the breakup occurs will influence NATO and how it continues to function amid the spectre of geopolitical strategic shifts .
Barely suppressed old biases will resurface . Swastikas are not uncommon at Greek demonstrations directed against the EU and Germany in particular – reminders of the German occupation – and Greece could easily become obstructionist in both NATO and the EU .
The nightmare scenario is one in which Greece not only lets go of its European institutional anchors but attaches itself to Russia – a nation Greece empathizes with deeply because of religion and history . Russia may be struggling economically , but any aid in that scenario would be warmly received in Greece . EU or , more importantly , NATO initiatives seeking increased sanctions against Russia for its actions in Ukraine would not be supported in a post-exit Greece . Immediately after Syriza 's election , Alexis Tsipras asked how the EU could be considering sanctions when Greece had not been consulted .
In the 66-year history of NATO , the No . 1 source of vetoes has been over Greek-Turkish relations . The alliance can not use any of its extensive plans and contingency forces unless there is unanimity or consensus . NATO 's new rapid reaction force – deployable within days to counter fears of Russian actions in Eastern Europe – can not deploy without consensus political approval of the NATO constituent states ; it becomes a paper tiger .
If Russia has little cash , the Chinese do . One effect of sanctions against Russia was much deeper co-operation between Russia and China . Restrictions on Russian energy growth westward resulted in a massive energy deal with China and Xi Jinping featured prominently at the Russian Victory Day parade in May .
China 's long-term maritime strategy seeks to secure its energy and trade lines of communication through investments in port facilities – the so-called `` string of pearls '' – while increasing the reach of its navy from coastal waters all the way to the Suez Canal .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Mediterranean also features in its vision . The importance of the Mediterranean became obvious to China during the Libyan intervention . Greece became the epicentre of Chinese operations , with the Chinese military attaché in Athens conducting an evacuation of 45,000 Chinese nationals using Greek shipping . With Greece having to sell off assets such as the Port of Piraeus , it makes sense that Chinese investment would be facilitated .
Central to all this is Greece 's strategic position in the Mediterranean . It affects operations in the Ionian Sea to the west and the Aegean to the east . In the south , Crete is a major NATO facility with both naval refuelling and airfields affecting any operation in North Africa . Central Greece is a forward staging area for NATO AWACS .
That geographical position has been vital to many NATO operations – the blockade of former Yugoslav shores , the staging of the NATO ground force to Kosovo , which occurred through Thessaloniki , and the support for the Libyan air and naval campaign from Crete to list but a few .
What happens now depends on whether leaders and statesmen take charge or leave the next chapter to be written by bureaucrats and bankers . This is now far beyond euros and drachmas . That is where statesmen must prevail .
( Via tipster )
A man 's body was found behind the Ripley 's Believe It Or Not sign in Times Square this morning after they apparently committed suicide by jumping out their hotel room window .
According to the Daily News , witnesses saw the man leap from the balcony of the West 42nd Street Times Square Hilton on Tuesday , though authorities did not locate their body until around 11:25 a.m. today .
`` It 's crazy . So sad . They probably aimed for the sidewalk and landed up there . It 's messed up , '' one Ripley 's employee told the tabloid .
If someone you know exhibits warning signs of suicide : do not leave the person alone ; remove any firearms , alcohol , drugs or sharp objects that could be used in a suicide attempt ; and call the U.S. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK ( 8255 ) or take the person to an emergency room or seek help from a medical or mental health professional .
JOIN THE CANTERBURY-BANKSTOWN BULLDOGS AS THE NEW TEAM MASCOT IN 2016
The Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs are unveiling a new female mascot and seek an energetic and outgoing individual to join the Bulldogs team as the second mascot in 2016 .
As a Bulldogs team mascot your key role will be to promote constant engagement with Bulldogs members and fans at home games and club events throughout the 2016 season .
Mascot duties will include but not be limited to ;
- Member and Fan engagement across all events – cheering , interacting and photo opportunities
- Working with the Sapphires on Game Days and at Club events
- Assistance with Game Day activations
- Presence at Bulldogs Community Events
- Presence at Bulldogs Membership Events
- Presence at Bulldogs Corporate Events
- Presence at Bulldogs Club Events
Mascot availability requirements will include but not be limited to ;
- 7 x Sydney based home games
- Attendance at Bulldogs Community , Membership , Corporate & Club Events
- Available where required for NRL Final series – selected games and side promotions
Successful applicants will have the following skills ;
- Working with children certification
- Previous experience as a mascot is favourable
- An outgoing and energetic personality
- Hardworking , respectful attitude and good initiative
- Good time management skills
- Acrobatics and dance skills
To apply please forward cover letter and your resume upon application here .
So . Here 's my first original piece . Not related to NATG in any way . : I feel like I need to give a credit to this . This ( [ link ] ) is pretty much an artwork that gave me an idea and the most of the inspiration . At first it should be just a ponification but then Scratch came to play and things got changed significantly.Many of you probably will disagree with me but I feel like it 's more a failure that a success . And before disagreeing let me say a word.It happened after I finished Vinyl 's part ( I drew their part first ) . It was the first time when I got a bit scared of how good it turned out . I was scared because of ... well , because of Octavia whose part was yet to be finished . And all the time I worked on it I did n't felt like I know what I 'm doing . I wanted it to be a compatible to Vinyl 's but there was n't a good idea how to do it . The idea of this piece is the difference between them but how to make those two different parts to work in one piece ? I do n't know . And I still do n't know.So , I tryed so hard . And get so fart . But in the end ... does it matter ? I do n't know . Is it good ? I do n't know . Are those sides equally good and equally good at representation of an inner world of a pony ? I do n't know.Vynil 's part is really good looking as a whole and I like Octavia 's as a separate pieces ( grass , water , flowers ) but all together it 's kind of a mess to me . I do n't know.So , as you can see I have a very mixed feeling about this one . You can say what 's your opinion on that in the comments if you feel like it . : Right now ( two days after ) I 'm ok with this piece . It 's not a failure but there 's definitely things to learn .
A former Mesa , Arizona police officer who fatally shot and killed an unarmed father of two was cleared of second degree murder charges on Thursday .
Philip Mitchell Brailsford , 27 , was also cleared of criminal liability in the death of Daniel Shaver . It took the Maricopa County jury approximately 12 hours over a span of two days to find Brailsford not guilty .
The tragedy unfolded nearly two years ago in January 2016 when Shaver , 26 , was staying at the Mesa La Quinta Inn . Shaver invited two acquaintances up to their room for drinks and proceeded to show off their pellet gun , which they used in their job as a pest control worker . At that point , a couple in the hotel hot tub below reported to staff that they thought they 'd seen the silhouette of a man with a rifle in a window . In response , the hotel staff promptly called police .
Harrowing body-cam footage of the shooting shows Brailsford and five other heavily-armed Mesa officers proceeding through the hotel to confront Shaver and one of their acquaintances . As they exit the room , police scream at the pair to get on the ground . “ Apparently we have a failure for you to comprehend simple instructions , I got ta go over some of them again , ” one officer says . “ If you make another mistake there is a very severe possibility that you 're both going to get shot… . I 'm not here to be tactful or diplomatic with you . You listen . You obey . ”
WARNING : GRAPHIC CONTENT BELOW
The officers then proceed to give the two civilians a convoluted series of instructions , including interlocking their fingers on their head and crossing their left and right legs , before asking them to crawl toward the officers . They take the female acquaintance out of the way and attempt to do the same with Shaver , who is sobbing and can be heard saying “ please do n't shoot me. ” Shaver then moves their right hand downward momentarily , prompting Brailsford to shoot them several times with their AR-15 . In their testimony , Brailsford maintained that they reacted correctly and believed “ 100 percent that [ Shaver ] was reaching for a gun . ”
Advertisement
Brailsford was fired from the Mesa Police Department three months after the shooting for alleged “ performance issues ” , including having “ You 're Fucked ” engraved on the dust cover of their AR-15 . The judge ruled this evidence as inadmissible .
The president of the Mesa police union , Nate Gafvert , said on Thursday that they were “ extremely relieved with the verdict , although not surprised ” and added that the union felt charges should never have been filed to begin with .
In contrast , Shaver 's widow , Laney Sweet , simply shook their head as the verdict was announced . They are reportedly planning to file a $ 35 million lawsuit against the city of Mesa for their husband 's death .
“ My girls want their daddy home , ” they wrote on a GoFundMe account for legal expenses . “ I want their tears to stop and for their sweet little delicate hearts to have never experienced this traumatizing and completely unfair loss . ”
The Shaver case is another grim reminder of how common it is for police officers involved in unarmed shootings to avoid any sort of punishment for their actions . Even officer firings like Brailsford 's are something of a paper tiger : an August investigation by the Washington Post found that , of the 1,881 officers fired for misconduct since 2006 , more than 450 were reinstated after union appeals .
Advertisement
And that 's just the tip of the iceberg . A study compiled by Bowling Green State University , for instance , found that police officers were arrested almost 8,000 times between 2005 and 2012 for misconduct . As there is no reliable centralized federal data on police crime , it is possible that these numbers could balloon further .
Then there 's the fact that police officers are given tremendous flexibility within their departments ' standard operating procedures , which allows them to respond with deadly force based on their own perception of dangers . Naturally , this creates tremendous leeway for police to say , as Brailsford did , that they believed they were under imminent threat and were forced to react the way they did .
“ At the end of the day , officers in their badge and uniform enjoy the benefit of the doubt , ” Kristen Clarke , executive director of the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law told CNN .
Meanwhile , Attorney General Jeff Sessions is looking to roll back tentative steps the Obama administration took towards criminal justice reform within the Justice Department , allowing police departments greater access to militarized kit like the AR-15 used to kill Shaver . That , in turn , translates into greater leeway for local departments to use them as they see fit .
The move has already been celebrated by law enforcement .
“ This critical policy change — something I personally spoke to the president about , ” Chuck Canterbury , National President of the Fraternal Order of Police , said when the policy was announced in August . “ [ It ] demonstrates how much respect they and their Attorney General have for our members and all the men and women in law enforcement . ”
The cannabis retailer from Vancouver makes a strong pitch to a group of wealthy investors for capital to expand their budding business .
Charts highlight solid growth and healthy sales projections in what is expected to be a booming market . Upscale stores will be designed to appeal to baby boomers and younger consumers with high disposable incomes . We could be looking at a pot version of Starbucks in the making .
There is only one minor sticking point not mentioned to the more than 200 investors and industry participants eager to make connections at a recent cannabis investment forum in Toronto . Independent retail stores are illicit everywhere in Canada . And it might remain that way even after Ottawa legalizes recreational marijuana next July . Each province will determine how and where the stuff can be sold .
Story continues below advertisement
For subscribers : A Canadian investor 's guide to marijuana
Related : Why now might be the right time to load up on pot stocks
Related : Where pot meets police , a different kind of marijuana stock
Welcome to one of the many pitfalls awaiting those tempted to leap into the biggest horticultural investing craze since the Dutch went wild over tulips in the 1630s .
The industry faces a raft of stiff regulatory and financial hurdles even where it 's operating legally . U.S. federal prohibition makes it hard to get normal banking services and impossible to ship products across state lines . Big investment banks , large private equity and venture capital funds and major U.S. stock exchanges have all steered clear , making liquidity and credit lines hard to come by .
It 's not for the faint of heart or those in search of quick returns . A big chunk of the capital invested in the flood of cannabis-related startups is certain to go down the drain , and it could take years to wring real value out of the survivors .
`` There 's no doubt the risk appetite has to be high , and you have to view yourself as an early pioneer and believe in the movement – beside the economic upside , '' says Jeanne Sullivan , a New York venture capitalist and veteran tech investor who has focused on cannabis businesses for the past several years .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` It 's not a game for the timid . You really have to know what you 're doing or you will be skinned . ''
But unlike the tulip mania that ultimately devastated Dutch commerce , marijuana is already a multibillion-dollar business and poised to grow much larger .
Legal pot sales in Canada will hit $ 3.65-billion ( U.S. ) by 2021 , up from $ 1.07-billion for medicinal marijuana this year , according to the latest projections from BDS Analytics , a cannabis specialist based in Boulder , Colo .
Consumer spending on legal cannabis products across North America reached $ 6.7-billion last year , up 30 per cent from the previous year . And it 's expected to soar to nearly $ 23-billion in 2021 – about $ 15-billion of it for recreational use – as more U.S. states defy the federal ban to tap into this lucrative new source of tax revenue .
So it 's not surprising that high-net-worth investors are pumping hundreds of millions into a slew of pot-related ventures ranging from cultivators , marketers and product developers ( cannabis beer anyone ? ) to software designers , science labs , fintech providers and data miners .
Arcview Group , the California-based company that organized the Toronto gathering , runs a cannabis investor network that numbers more than 600 members who have forked out more than $ 125-million for stakes in 157 companies .
Story continues below advertisement
`` The odds are not good for an early-stage business , '' Arcview chief executive officer Troy Dayton reminds the crowd before a single pitch has been lobbed their way . Their advice is `` to take a few deep breaths '' before taking the plunge .
Ms. Sullivan and other investors compare the current situation with the early stages of the Internet stock bubble in the 1990s . But most of the dot-com entrants had no clear idea of what would work or how to make money from it .
Cannabis already has a large and growing customer base . `` I do n't think some of the investments in this space carry with them the same concerns of market uncertainty that those initial … tech investments carried , '' says Matt Shalhoub , managing director of Toronto-based Green Acre Capital .
The way for investors to improve their odds , the pros say , is to do extensive homework , team up with other experienced investors and spread their dollars among several companies operating in different parts of the supply chain .
Right now , the main publicly traded vehicles are the licensed plant growers . But unless they expand into other more valuable parts of the business , cultivators wo n't be the ones reaping the big gains down the road as production rises and prices fall . `` Pot is n't much different from growing parsley , '' one investor tells me . `` You do n't really care who grows it . At the end of the day , it 's going to be about branding . ''
For the high-net-worth investor , the real opportunity lies in smaller companies operating elsewhere on the food chain . `` It 's the person that 's selling the farmer the equipment , that 's wholesaling and distributing the product , that 's processing it into other valuable products , that 's branding and retailing those products , '' Mr. Shalhoub says .
Story continues below advertisement
When Arcview started out in 2010 , such pickings were slim .
`` We were shaking the bushes to find meaningful companies that could provide potential returns in a market that was transitioning from prohibition to legal , '' says John Downs , director of business development .
Today , 40 to 50 companies approach Arcview in a typical week . `` We whittle that down to just the top 1 per cent that are then able to ultimately pitch our investor members . ''
One of the key attractions is the prospect of consolidation and eventual takeovers of leading cannabis players by Big Pharma and Big Tobacco , as well as the inevitable arrival of Big Finance .
Mr. Shalhoub says they would n't be surprised to see one of the tobacco heavyweights snap up a large Canadian producer in the next year and two and tap its experience to tackle other markets as they open .
In Canada , `` there 's a very clear path to liquidity in a lot of investments which we 're making . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Green Acre has raised more than its initial target of $ 20-million ( Canadian ) from high-net-worth investors so far this year to take stakes in 12 to 15 companies . The fund , which requires a minimum investment of $ 100,000 , will remain open until the end of August .
In this particular gold rush , the fund is focusing mainly `` on the picks and shovels and ancillary businesses , '' Mr. Shalhoub says .
Green Acre sees these suppliers of specialized tracking software , labs and other services growing faster than the broader cannabis market , with bigger margins that will lead to `` more attractive exits , '' they say .
Several years ago , the burgeoning medical marijuana field began attracting slick promoters , speculators and wheeler-dealers with schemes to part unsuspecting investors from their cash . Is that era now behind us ?
`` No , I think that 's going to continue for a while , '' Mr. Shalhoub says , laughing . `` If anything , I think you 'll see more and more of that because of the wealth that 's being created . ''
It 's already been a huge day for the Oculus Rift virtual reality ( VR ) head-mounted display ( HMD ) with the reveal of the new Crescent Bay prototype , but the company was n't done there in terms of new announcements . VP of Product Nate Mitchell also took to the stage during the first keynote to talk about a revamp of the Oculus Share portal , known as Oculus Platform .
Oculus Platform is a new marketplace designed to allow content creators to help develop and monetise their experiences . Eagle-eyed VR fans will have already spotted the service as it was revealed alongside Samsung 's Gear VR HMD . The portal will work on browsers , apps and of course , HMDs themselves . The other apps revealed at the event , Oculus Cinema and Oculus 360 , will be released as open source software to help developers .
The Oculus Platform revamp will be coming this autumn . It marks one of the first signs of Oculus VR itself creating software designed for consumers , as it will likely become the definitive platform for purchasing VR content . VRFocus is at Oculus Connect , reporting on all the latest updates on the Oculus Rift , Oculus VR and everything else VR .
Cal Poly
| March 7 , 2015 , Incident - Final Report
Page 2
Introduction
Over the last few years , Cal Poly students
have celebrated St. Patrick 's Day on a large scale . This St. Patrick 's Day celebration , also known by students as
St. Fratty 's Day
, has been held on or before St. Patrick 's Day . A former Cal Poly student , who was part of a Greek organization and lived at the “ Pink House ” residence located on 348 Hathaway Avenue , created this event approximately six years ago . Others living in the residence have continued to keep the event alive as a tradition . The number of students and others attending has consistently increased over time . In recent years , the City of San Luis Obispo has taken actions to address large and unruly gatherings by increasing fines and patrols for high student traffic locations . As is common practice , Dean of Students Jean DeCosta sent an e-mail to all Cal Poly students on Wednesday , March 4 , 2015 , with a message of student safety for Spring Break activities and end-of-quarter celebrations , including St. Patrick 's Day ( Appendix A ) . The message also included reminders that double fines for certain municipal code violations would be going into effect – a practice implemented by the City of San Luis Obispo to address the problems associated with large and unruly gatherings in the neighborhoods , such as
St. Fratty 's Day
celebrations in the past . On Thursday morning , March 5 , 2015 , Cal Poly 's Greek Life Office met with a fraternity president regarding an email warning of a pending social gathering that would occur the weekend of March 7 , 2015 . The fraternity presid ent also indicated that they had sent an e-mail to their chapter to not attend any social gatherings during the upcoming weekend . They wanted the university to know that they were not participating and would be out of town . All Greek chapters were on “ social probation ” during this time and were not permitted to have chapter-related social events . The Greek Life Office requested a copy of that e-mail from the fraternity president , which was received and sent to the Greek Life Office and the Dean of Students . Later that day , the Dean of Students Office spoke with the University Police Department regarding the status of Greek social probation and the alleged social gathering that might potentially occur on the weekend of March 7–8 , 2015 . In response , Universit y Police contacted the SLO Police Department with this information to coordinate staffing , review information , and to collaborate on how to best prepare for the weekend . No one anticipated that the social gathering would begin on Saturday morning , March 7 , at 4:30AM . The e-mail information received from the fraternity president did not contain that information .
1
Rose West - who previously gave Baby P 's mother tips on protecting their identity outside of prison - has now befriended child rapist Carole Fishburn , it has been reported .
The pair is said to have spent time in each other 's cells , reading and watching television , while 62-year-old serial killer West shows Fishburn the ropes on how to order treats and magazines .
Branded 'wicked , depraved , and dangerous ' by a judge , Fishburn was jailed for 16 years in December for a series of vile sex attacks against young girls .
Scroll down for video
Best mates : Serial killer Rose West ( left ) - who previously gave Baby P 's mother tips on protecting their identity outside of prison - has now befriended child rapist Carole Fishburn ( right ) inside the pair 's high security prison
But she 's now been taken under West 's wing at high security prison Low Newton in County Durham .
A source told The Sun : 'In prison it is a case of birds of feather flock together and these two women have a lot in common .
'West has been showing them the ropes on the wing – how to order treats and magazines and they have been spending time in each other 's cells , reading and watching telly . '
Fishburn was convicted of a total of 11 charges including rape , sexual activity with a child , inciting a child into sexual activity , taking and distributing indecent images and child cruelty .
The 42-year-old gave one of the youngsters alcohol before sexually assaulting her , and abused another whilst forcing the girl to watch pornography .
Fishburn has been taken under West 's wing at high security prison Low Newton in County Durham ( pictured )
At Newcastle Crown Court Judge Deborah Sherwin told Fishburn : 'You are obsessed with sex involving young children .
'Your behaviour was wicked and depraved and the complainants have been deeply affected by it .
'They have been greatly traumatised by what you did to them , each of them suffers graphic flashbacks , panic attacks , anxiety and depression . '
West , who was convicted of a total of ten murders in 1995 , lives in Low Newton prison at a cost of £50,000 a year to the taxpayer .
West , whose husband killed themselves shortly before the pair were due to stand trial for 12 murders , is said to have given Baby P 's mother Tracey Connelly ( pictured ) lessons in how to protect their identity
There the psychopath enjoys listening to The Archers on Radio 4 , playing Monopoly , embroidery , cooking and shopping from catalogues .
They also love beauty products from Avon and trinkets from Argos , which they have delivered , according to well-placed sources .
It has been reported in the past that their ‘ cell ' features a TV , radio , CD player and their own bathroom .
Sex-obsessed West , whose husband Fred killed themselves in 1995 shortly before they were due to stand trial alongside them for 12 murders , has also had a series of lesbian affairs behind bars .
In 2013 , they are said to have given Baby P 's mother Tracey Connelly lessons in how to protect their identity .
Connelly was jailed indefinitely with a minimum term of five years in May 2009 for letting their lover and their brother torture their 17-month-old son Peter to death in Haringey , North London in 2007 .
They were freed on licence just over two years ago but , according to the Daily Star , received advice from West and other murderers before being taken to a secret location .
However , they were recalled to HMP Styal in Cheshire less than 18 months later having been accused of selling pornographic pictures of themselves to perverts obsessed with their notoriety .
Last month it was revealed Connelly faces two more years in jail after the parole board ruled they still pose a danger to society .
Gen. Lloyd Austin III , commander of the U.S. Central Command , told Congress on Wednesday that only “ four or five ” trainees from a U.S. program have actually ended up “ in the fight ” against the Islamic State in Syria . ( Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images )
The Obama administration is moving toward major changes in its military train-and-equip program for the Syrian opposition after the acknowledged failure of efforts to create a new force of rebel fighters to combat the Islamic State there .
In comments that appeared to shock even many of those involved in Syria policy elsewhere in the government , Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III , the head of the U.S. Central Command , told Congress on Wednesday that only “ four or five ” trainees from the program , a $ 500 million plan officially launched in December to prepare as many as 5,400 fighters this year , have ended up “ in the fight ” inside Syria .
The course correction would mark the first significant alteration in the Obama administration 's year-old strategy of defeating the militants with air power , along with training and supplies for indigenous forces fighting them on the ground . It comes as critics have drawn a direct line between Obama 's long-standing reluctance to more directly intervene in the fight and the growing flood of Syrian refugees fleeing to the West .
Defense officials who described the proposed changes said the yearly goal would be substantially lower , perhaps as few as 500 . Rather than front-line forces , fighters would be trained as enablers and liaisons between U.S. forces outside the country — particularly those directing U.S. airstrikes — and groups such as Syrian Kurds and Sunni Arabs that the Pentagon thinks have been effective against the militants .
[ U.S.-backed Syria rebels routed by al-Qaeda fighters ]
Vetting rules would be eased to allow training for members of groups previously barred from training , according to officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to describe the changes . Obama 's senior national security officials discussed the Syria situation in a principals meeting at the White House early this week .
Lawmakers responded to Austin 's description of overall progress against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq with near-universal skepticism , and they described the administration 's strategy of defeating the militants with air power , along with training and supplies for indigenous forces on the ground , as a failure . Sens . Timothy M. Kaine ( D-Va. ) and Angus King ( I-Maine ) declared themselves converts to the need to establish a U.S.-protected safe zone for refugees and opposition fighters inside Syria , a proposal the administration has repeatedly rejected .
“ I hate it when the chairperson 's right , but he 's been talking about this for two years , and I — in retrospect , I think they were right , ” King said of Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) , who has long pushed for direct U.S. intervention in Syria against the forces of President Bashar al-Assad as well as the Islamic State .
“ We 've allowed this atrocity to go on too long , and it 's impacting us ; it 's impacting the rest of Europe , ” King said of the tens of thousands of Syrian and other Middle East refugees pouring into Europe . “ I really thing there should be a rethinking of the non-intervention strategy . ”
McCain called the administration 's strategy an “ abject failure ” and said “ the refugees are a result of it. ” Under withering questioning from McCain , Austin repeated that they would not recommend establishing such a zone “ at this time . ”
After a summer of focusing on the Iran nuclear deal and the 2016 presidential race , Congress has again turned its attention to the wars in Syria and Iraq , and lawmakers made clear they do not like what they see . In addition to the sudden flood of refugees — fleeing Syria as well as camps and cities in Turkey and Jordan , where millions have been largely out of sight to the rest of the world — concern has escalated with this month 's Russian military buildup near the Syrian port of Latakia .
[ Putin defends Moscow 's delivery of weapons to Syrian army ]
Both of those situations have created new headaches for an administration already flailing in the region . While the administration has said that Assad must step down , it has declined to throw its military weight behind forces seeking to oust him . Instead , U.S. air strikes and most assistance have been restricted to the separate but overlapping fight against the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq .
Russia , Assad 's principal diplomatic and military backer — along with Iran — has said its new Syrian deployments are designed to assist the fight against the Islamic State , not to further aid Assad .
“ Obviously , there are serious questions . . . . I 'm not taking that at face value , ” Secretary of State John F. Kerry said Wednesday . “ We look at the type of airplanes or the type of munitions and so forth , and it obviously raises much more serious questions about what is happening . ”
So far , Russia has begun work on expanding airstrips and has transferred tanks and armored personnel carriers to the Syrian coast .
Kerry has carried the ball for the administration in complaining to Russia , speaking three times by phone with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in less than a week .
This week , they said , the Russians suggested that the conversation be expanded to a “ military-to-military ” dialogue “ in order to discuss the issue of precisely what will be done to de-conflict , ” and avoid the eventual possibility that Russian aircraft and those belonging to the U.S.-led coalition bombing the Islamic State in Syria encounter one another .
Kerry said they still thought that “ meaningful ” Russian help could contribute to a political solution in Syria .
Administration officials said that dialogue would likely begin with a phone call between Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu and Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter , who has so far shunned such contact . As recently as late Tuesday , Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said that because Kerry was in touch with Lavrov , “ to date there has been no reason for Secretary Carter to initiate another ” line of communication .
The administration shut down military-to-military engagements with Russia in March 2014 because of Russia 's “ aggressive actions in Ukraine , ” Cook said , although “ senior leaders continue to have the discretion to communicate with their counterparts as necessary . ”
Kerry , officials said , sees the opening of a military dialogue as a way to determine Russian intentions and avoid escalating what could become a dangerous situation .
In their testimony , Austin acknowledged that progress in Syria and Iraq was slow , but they gently disputed the term “ stalemate , ” recently used in testimony by Gen. Martin E. Dempsey , the outgoing chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Austin said they spoke with Dempsey this week about the word , and Austin noted that Dempsey had also testified that “ ISIL 's future is increasingly dim. ” ISIL is an acronym for the Islamic State .
But , they said , “ I agree with the chairperson . . . . There have n't been any dramatic gains on either side . ”
Missy Ryan , Carol Morello and Thomas Gibbons-Neff contributed to this report .
But nearly half of the voters surveyed , and a substantial part of the Democrats , said Mr. Obama had acted mainly because they thought it would help them politically , rather than because they had serious disagreements with their former pastor . The broader effect of the controversy on Mr. Obama 's candidacy among Democratic primary voters was less clear in the poll , but enough of them expressed qualms about Mr. Obama 's relationship with Mr. Wright to suggest it could sway a relatively small but potentially important group of voters in the remaining primaries .
The relatively small number of Democrats surveyed limits the conclusions that can be drawn about the poll 's findings regarding sentiment in the party . Moreover , as a national poll , it does not necessarily reflect the thoughts of voters in Indiana and North Carolina .
Questions involving racially charged episodes have historically proved difficult to poll , particularly when it comes to asking white voters about black candidates .
Still , the survey suggested that Mr. Obama , of Illinois , had lost much or all of the once-commanding lead they had held over Mrs. Clinton , of New York , among Democratic voters on the question of which of them would be the strongest candidate against Mr. McCain , of Arizona .
In February , 59 percent called Mr. Obama the stronger candidate , compared with 28 percent who named Mrs. Clinton . In the latest survey , the two were essentially tied .
The survey of 601 registered voters was conducted between Thursday night and Saturday night . It has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points for all voters and six points for voters who said they voted in Democratic primaries or caucuses . Mr. Obama held their news conference on Tuesday after Mr. Wright , in a series of public appearances , reiterated their suggestion that American policies had invited the attack of Sept. 11 and that the United States had created the virus that causes AIDS , and mocked the speaking style of John F. Kennedy .
Photo
For all the concern voiced by some Democrats that the party might be suffering damage from the nominating fight as it headed into the fall election , the survey found both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama in a strong position against Mr. McCain in a hypothetical general election match-up . Mr. Obama would defeat Mr. McCain by 51 percent to 40 percent among all voters , the poll found , and Mrs. Clinton would defeat them 53 to 41 .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The survey offered evidence of the extent to which the Wright episode had captured the public 's attention . And it turned up signs that Mr. Obama might be moving beyond the issue : 60 percent of voters said they approved of the way they had handled the issue , and a majority said the news media had spent too much time covering the story .
“ Reverend Wright is not Barack Obama , ” said Heather Fortner , 56 , of Florida , who said they voted for Mrs. Clinton in that state 's disputed primary . “ Everybody knows a lot of a people and everyone can take advice from a lot of people . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ It 's just wrong what we 've been doing to Mr. Obama over this , ” they said .
Still , the poll raised some flags of concern for him , particularly should they win their party 's nomination .
While just 24 percent of voters said they thought the Wright issue would matter a lot or some to them in the fall , 44 percent said it would matter a lot or some to “ most people you know. ” And while just 9 percent of Democrats said the issue would matter a lot to them should Mr. Obama be their party 's nominee , even that small a slice of the electorate could be a problem for Mr. Obama if they won the nomination and the contest against Mr. McCain was close .
Fifty-eight percent of respondents said Mr. Obama was “ tough enough to make the hard decisions a president has to make. ” Seventy percent said the same of Mrs. Clinton , and 71 percent of Mr. McCain .
“ The thing with Wright really did bother me , ” Phyllis Julien , a Democrat from Brookline , Mo. , said in an interview after they participated in the poll . “ I was leaning towards Obama before this because I thought they could be a change for the American people , but now I 'm leaning toward Clinton . I would have to see a little more fire in their belly to vote for him , and I just do n't see it . ”
“ You have to worry about how strong their convictions are when they ca n't stand up to someone who 's wronged him , ” Ms. Julien said .
The survey found that , notwithstanding Mr. Obama 's efforts to distance themselves from Mr. Wright , the man who married them and baptized their children , many Americans consider Mr. Wright to have had at least some influence in their life . Forty-three percent said they thought Mr. Wright had a lot of or some influence on Mr. Obama 's political views .
On the gasoline tax , the survey underlined the risk Mrs. Clinton is taking in embracing a position that most Americans — including a majority of their own supporters — appear to view as political pandering . More than 60 percent of voters in the poll said that Mrs. Clinton said what people wanted to hear , rather than what they believed . Forty-three percent said that about Mr. Obama , and 41 percent about Mr. McCain .
Sixty percent of Democratic primary voters who support Mrs. Clinton favored the temporary elimination of the gasoline tax , and an equal percentage of Mr. Obama 's supporters called the proposal a bad idea . But majorities of both candidates ' supporters called the proposal a political tactic .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Clinton is supporting the lifting of the gas tax because right now they need more votes , ” said Greg Mitchell , 38 , of Blanchard , Okla. “ But that 's really only one of the few things I disagree with them on . I voted for her . ”
Back in June 2016 , we 've announced an interesting lighting contest from Polycount . The artists were given Unity 5 + Geomerics ' Enlighten technology and the awesome Courtyard scene , developed by Alex Lovett ( @ HeliosDoubleSix ) . They were not allowed to change the models , but they could add their own textures and work with the lighting . Today we can finally have a look at some of the submissions , thanks to Alex Lovett himself . Most of them look shockingly good . It does n't even look like Unity . It looks like it was rendered with V-Ray ! Enjoy these impressive images and some comments from Alex . This post was originally published in Linkedin .
I am proud to see the creative work of others as they take my original Courtyard scene and make it their own thru use of light , color , post effects , altering shaders , textures and adding new props . An interesting test of reinterpretation and digital remixing .
And so it got me thinking , a sometimes dangerous and time-consuming activity for me , and I spewed the following ramble about the transient nature of art / culture and the progress of real-time graphics in enabling people to both author , share and collaborate , and how VR is just damn cool ; especially with all of the above thrown into the mix .
“ Clean Architecture ” by Eldon R. Tyrell
As an artist I always want my work to live on , though I never expected it to take on new life thru the eyes of others , something of a relatively new and interesting phenomenon of the digital age , the art of the remix . As Picasso said “ Good Artists Copy ; Great Artists Steal ”
“ The Reveal ” by Wiktor Wąsowski
As a programmer I am used to leveraging the hard work of others , nothing I do would be possible otherwise , so the concept of standing on the shoulders of giants is nothing new . And so as the digital age matures with more standardized formats for exchanging 3D data , ways of describing surface properties such as PBR , it opens up to wildly collaborative multi decade spanning works of shared creativity . The work of huge communities of people chipping away together can already be seen with games like Minecraft , truly fascinating detailed expansive demonstrations of what can be achieved in large self organizing groups .
Imagine if instead of competing against each other the entrants all worked together in a shared environment , like a garden it takes on a more fluid evolving form , which with current tools is tricky on so many levels , but in the near future with virtual work spaces bringing remote individuals together it could be huge .
“ Tomb of an Angel ” by Gabriel Coriiu
It is wonderful to see the advances in recent times that have now brought the required fidelity to real time graphics , such that a free tool ( Unity ) can immediately allow exploration of light and forms , facilitating instant feedback into the creative process like never before . As a kid I would have relished at a tool with such power and openness , the sand pit and Lego bricks of my youth would be no competition for the kind of world building students can enjoy today .
“ Lost in the cold ” by Matthieu Ostertag
Sure it has a long way to go still , it could be easier to learn ( oh so much easier ) , and has many hidden pitfalls when dealing with performance compared to the relative ease of offline pre-rendered video sequences , but when coupled with interactivity , say VR ( Virtual Reality with devices such as Oculus Rift and HTC Vive ) it 's pros are multiplied by a new level of interactivity and immersion simply not possible before in any other medium .
“ Chromatic Dreams ” by Jessica Sweeney
So while today 's competition winners are limited in producing a few selected still images for presentation when the source material is capable of so much more , I greatly look forward to experiencing the art and craft of others immersively in full surround 3D some day soon , as I know what it is like to take a walk around the Courtyard Demo , and feel the sense of awe and vertigo as you teeter on the edge of tall tower , the wind whistling between the columns , and I just ca n't wait for more people to share in this kind of experiences , with new powerful tools for all , children , students , and artists to transport people to magical worlds , as real time 3D affords a sense of discovery , exploration and immersion that paintings , photography and video simply can not match .
“ Tomb of an Angel ” by Gabriel Coriiu
I often feel all my original ideas are merely things I ‘ stole ' and simply forgot where from – the ‘ art ' comes in making it richer , personalized as you make it your own , and as artwork is never finished ; then you must iterate and improve till you abandon your work , this for me at least is the core of the creative process .
“ Future Courtyard ” by Eric Kimberly
It is a pleasing thought that normally where work would be merely abandoned , it can now more readily change hands as new generations interpret and remix to make new again , and so I no longer own the Courtyard , they do… ( well , technically Unity Technologies own it , but that would ruin my sentiment ! 😀 ) .
Polycount.com grand-prize-winners – check out all the amazing finalists here ! And do n't forget to study other submissions .
“ Pursuit ” by Paulo Patez
“ Astro-genesis ” By Corentin Clays
By Laura Sajdik
Tanner Luce
Sep 4 , 2013
Britain Installs New Chief Rabbi
The Installation of Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis as Chief Rabbi of England was attended by Prince Charles and dozens of Chabad rabbis .
Jewish Chronicle and COLlive
1,400 guests packed the S. John 's Wood Synagogue in London on Sunday afternoon to celebrate the installation of Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis as England 's new Chief Rabbi .
The South-African born Mirvis is the 11th Chief Rabbi since 1704 . They formerly served as Chief Rabbi of Ireland and was minister of one of the United Synagogue 's largest congregations , Finchley , for 17 years .
They were escorted in by the Prince Charles of Wales and the celebrated outgoing Chief Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks , who has retired after 22 years in office .
Rabbi Mirvis said the 3 pillars of their chief rabbinate would be enhancing Jewish education , building and developing Jewish communities and encouraging social responsibility .
Strengthening values of friendship and communal togetherness was another important aim – they noted that the community had been damaged by `` totally unnecessary in-fighting . ''
The ceremony featured specially composed choral music and readings by Jewish schoolchildren . In attendance were Labour 's Jewish leader Ed Miliband , dozens of Chabad rabbis and representatives from across the community .
Chabad Rabbi Aaron Lipsey , vice-chair of the Rabbinical Council of the Provinces , was invited to read the prayer for the Royal Family .
In the crowd were Britain 's Head Shliach Rabbi Nachman Sudak and Rabbi Bentzi Sudak of Chabad UK , educator Rabbi Shmuel Lew , Rabbi Faivish Vogel , Rabbi Leivi Sudak of Lubavitch Edgware , Rabbi Pesach Efune of Lubavitch Brighton and others .
Captured live on the BBC broadcast was Rabbi Yitzchak Schochet , the outspoken rabbi of the Mill Hill Synagogue and former chairperson of the Rabbinical Council of the United Synagogue . They are a personal friend of Mirvis .
Lord Sacks , describing the Chief Rabbinate as `` one of the great positions of rabbinic leadership '' , told Rabbi Mirvis , `` You are the right man in the right job at the right time . ''
Making predictions about the future of aviation is dangerous ; after all so many have got it wrong before . Few in aviation 's golden age could have foreseen how cheap flying would become ; in 1939 a trans-Atlantic airline ticket cost up to $ 90,000 in today 's money and nobody predicted the transatlantic passenger liner would ever be replaced . Airships were supposed to be the way of the future , not aircraft .
Experts believed the aviation industry would die because of environmental concerns and falling passenger numbers . But despite these concerns it has not collapsed . In some sectors , business and leisure travel are booming . Airports are getting busier , even in a Europe grappling with downturn and austerity . All the major regions are improving and we are seeing real growth in Africa for the first time , with new African carriers appearing . New generations of aircraft like the Boeing 787 and the Airbus A380 are far more efficient than older aircraft – 70 % more fuel-efficient than aircraft of 40 years ago , according to the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) . Transport 's impact on the environment is lessening , and nowhere will the impact be greater than in aviation .
By the year 2050 , the world 's population may have risen to 10 billion , with 75 % of them living in cities . These cities will be ever-more connected by air , dependant on the movement of people and goods between them . It is too late to turn our backs on air travel , so how do we make it more efficient , and stop the skies becoming completely congested ?
New materials and new engine technology will continue to make aviation more efficient . Plane designs will make more use of carbon composites and , in the future , carbon nanofibres . Air traffic control and airport management will also be revolutionised as digital technology makes aircraft easier to manage . This could result in long-haul travel which is markedly more efficient . Lighter aircraft can be bigger and carry more freight and passengers .
New fuels
In years to come they can be flown remotely , too . In the case of freighters , this means no crew – so there is an extra weight saving by getting rid of the life support systems and the windows . Passenger aircraft might not be remotely flown – we will still feel safer with a human in the cockpit – but automated air traffic could double the capacity of the flight paths around the world and only airport capacity would constrain us . The stuff of science fiction ? Not exactly . British Aerospace flew an aircraft remotely to Inverness in Scotland this summer in a Civil Aviation Authority-supported experiment . Allowing UAVs to monitor and spray crops is already regulated and sanctioned in both North and South America .
Another will be the fuel itself . The best bio fuel for aviation is probably butanol , an alcohol which behaves very like the kerosene that the jet engines of today use . Jet engine efficiency has come on in leaps and bounds , but the fuels they use are still polluting hydrocarbons which come out of the ground . Butanol can be produced by bacteria in biomass and if an economically efficient method can be found to industrialise that process then your flight of the future could literally be fuelled by alcohol .
The number of aircraft flying on our skies , however , also depends on the infrastructure to safely manage it . The US , for instance , currently has some of the most antiquated air traffic management in the developed world as a result of Congress failing to back reforms proposed by the Federal Aviation Authority after a very famous air traffic controllers strike more than 25 years ago . However , when change does come it will be dramatic .
New forms of air traffic management , using digitised TV and mobile signals bounced off aircraft will replace the 1940s-era radar system still in use by air traffic control , and allow planes to land more efficiently , using less fuel in the process . Although no air traffic system is using such signals at the moment , the Technology Strategy Board of the UK government is now funding an experiment to look at the practicalities of using the BBC 's Freeview – a free-to-air digital TV signal – for just such a purpose .
One of the solutions to cut down on polluting fuels is the use of wind energy . But the rise in wind farms has its own unintended effects . Air traffic control systems are being interfered with , both offshore and across moors and hills . The movement of the turbine blades creates , essentially , a phantom signal that even modern radars find hard to differentiate from a real moving aircraft . In places such as Scotland , where the projections for wind farms are amongst the densest in the world , this could cause problems for existing flight paths . As the need for wind power increases , a solution will have to be found .
Jet-rocket hybrid
Eventually , humankind will see long distance travel - London to Sydney , for example - taking place outside the Earth 's atmosphere . By today 's standards , it will be cost relatively little to get tourists into space . Not only is Virgin Galactic , based in the US , developing a spaceplane that could one day fly between these cities , but other concepts are being investigated .
In countries such as Britain and Japan , there is research into engines and rival vehicles which could make space travel a long-haul passenger 's reality . In the UK , a company called Skylon has just attracted £60m ( $ 110m ) of government funding to develop a futuristic type of engine known as a “ reaction engine ” . This could behave like a very efficient jet engine in the atmosphere , but also be able to function outside the atmosphere like a rocket . If that breakthrough comes , a vehicle could circumnavigate the world in a couple of hours .
However , these flights are likely to run from dedicated spaceports and it will be some time before mixed-mode airports that can operate both spacecraft and aircraft become possible . The early space systems will probably involve gliding back to Earth – which may mean our airports will have to be redesigned to make them useable by these different designs .
The futuristic visions of the 1950s and 60s imagined neighbourhood airports and helicopters in our back gardens - but space travel is more likely . The harsh reality of economics in a world with a huge demand for fuel have has meant it is too expensive to fight gravity and the atmosphere to blast off for the work commute . Our composite wing vehicles , instead , will take us to the edge of space , efficiently , and allow us to glide effortlessly to our destinations , continents away .
Will Whitehorn has recently been made a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society
If you would like to comment on this article or anything else you have seen on Future , head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Wright and their cat , Pea . ( Courtesy of Nyree Wright )
It seems one cat cafe in the D.C. area just is n't enough .
Now , Nyree Wright of Alexandria is planning to start a cat cafe of their own in Virginia to attract an older crowd — or rather , a cafe that caters to the non-millennial , over-35 crowd .
The region 's first cat cafe , Crumbs & Whiskers , they say , targets millennials . People at that cafe , which opened in June , are often expected to sit on the floor to play with the cats , and it 's located in Georgetown , attracting college-aged and 20-something patrons .
So , Wright launched an Indiegogo campaign for a new cat cafe they want to open in Alexandria called pHinicky pHeline . That 's pHinicky , as in , cats are always finicky and fickle , and pH as in the scientific scale to measure the acidity of something because people always want to make sure their cats are healthy and balanced .
“ I was all about [ my cat 's ] balance and well-being , ” said Wright , 41 . “ pH just stuck . That 's what we ended up with , and I fell in love with it . ”
pHinicky pHeline is still in its very nascent stages . Wright is trying to secure a location and needs to work with the health department to figure out what food and drinks they would be allowed to serve — something that wo n't be easy . But the business model of the cafe will be somewhat similar to that of Crumbs & Whiskers and the few other cat cafes throughout the world .
Georgetown 's Crumbs & Whiskers announced this week that it would be raising its entry fee from $ 10 to $ 15 . Once inside , all refreshments and pastries are free . That cafe opened in June , and so far 23 cats have been adopted .
Wright will charge a still-undetermined entry fee that will allow people to go inside and play with cats . pHinkcy pHeline will partner with an Alexandria-based rescue agency , and all cats will be available for adoption , Wright said . They are unsure what food they will be serving , but says it will be made offsite . At night they want to have a wine bar , where people can sit back and relax with the cats .
“ I am focusing on adults . I am not allowing kids at the very beginning , ” they said . “ It 's very difficult if you are not watching children . I really want it to be adult-focused for people who ca n't have cats . I want it to be a destination space . ”
Wright said they plan to have dedicated times in the cafe for senior citizens . Many rescue agencies , according to Wright , receive cats from senior citizens who are no longer able to care for them or who move into assisted-living homes that ca n't accommodate cats . During these dedicated hours , they want pHincky pHeline to be a non-hectic place where seniors can play with the cats .
“ This gives them the time to still interact with the cats without the responsibility , ” they said .
The Indiegogo campaign has raised more than $ 2,000 so far . That money will go toward construction and upstart costs when Wright secures their space . They said she 'll also be selling branded merchandise at the cat cafe , including stemless wine glasses , cat collars and T-shirts .
By day , Wright works for a marketing and communication agency . They said they currently have no plans to leave their job .
“ I have two full-time jobs now , but one fuels my passion and the other one has been fulfilling my career for well over 15 years , ” they said .
EDMONTON — The dust has now settled on Alberta 's 2017 round of municipal elections , leaving the political landscape here looking much the way it did last week . Look a little closer , however , and some interesting patterns emerge — patterns that belie Alberta 's reputation as Canada 's right-wing redoubt .
In Edmonton , turnout was low . Only 31.5 per cent of voters bothered to show up . One councillor went down to defeat . Our progressive mayor , Don Iveson , was re-elected in a landslide — 72.5 per cent support and a margin of 100,000 votes over their nearest competitor .
But it was the Calgary race that was carrying all the symbolic freight this time — since it was the scene of a concerted effort to depose Naheed Nenshi , the man named the world 's best mayor just three years ago .
In Calgary , voter turnout was high — so high that many polling stations ran out of ballots , resulting in long lineups , huge delays and glacial results . An impressive 58 per cent of Calgarians took the time to vote . All the incumbents who offered were re-elected . And Nenshi 's victory turned out to be a race — but not the nailbiter some polls predicted . They beat their closest challenger , Bill Smith , by 30,000 votes .
So , to sum up : Alberta 's two largest cities have progressive mayors , and its provincial government is still New Democrat . What does this mean ?
For progressives , the news is actually mixed . A moderate political party — the provincial Liberals or the Alberta Party — would have loved it if someone with Nenshi 's stature and political skills had put themselves forward for a provincial or federal run in 2019 . Iveson emphatically refuted persistent rumours that they will cut short their municipal term and run federally in 2019 .
For conservatives , this was a dead loss . The displaced Progressive Conservatives ' mediocre attempts at reclaiming municipal politics in Alberta have failed .
In Edmonton , with all of those defeated former PC MLAs wandering the landscape , many assumed at least one of them would take a run at Iveson . It did n't happen — and probably would n't have worked if it did . Iveson is popular , young and hip , and first-term mayors typically get a second term .
Two former capital region PC MLAs did enter the fray — one ran for mayor of Strathcona County , another ran for council in a ward with no incumbent . Both lost . ( Former PC cabinet minister Don Scott was elected mayor for the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo , which includes Fort McMurray . )
It all proves what I 've been saying for years : Alberta is changing . The province 's population is increasingly urban and demographically mixed — and much more progressive than many outsiders believe . It all proves what I 've been saying for years : Alberta is changing . The province 's population is increasingly urban and demographically mixed — and much more progressive than many outsiders believe .
Calgary was where conservative forces were hoping for a big breakthrough . Former PC party president Bill Smith took on Nenshi , who was once considered the most popular mayor in North America . Nenshi 's popularity has been waning of late , though . Calgary is still deeply recessed economically due to stubbornly low oil prices , while Nenshi themselves has been accused of being arrogant and out of touch .
Getting a third term can be tough for any mayor , but in Nenshi 's case , the problem was compounded by a rival who was n't even on the ballot : the Calgary Flames .
The Flames organization wants a new arena . Talks with the city on building one have n't gone well ; the team 's ownership organization pulled out of what it claimed were “ spectacularly unproductive ” negotiations within days of Nenshi announcing their campaign for a third term . Nenshi 's just one vote on council but their public disagreements with Flames ownership over who should pay how much to replace the Saddledome made them a political target in the eyes of many .
Flames vice-president of marketing Gordon Norrie actually urged people on their Twitter account to vote for Smith . NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman publicly suggested that the mayor would be indifferent if the team were to relocate to Seattle or Quebec City . After Nenshi won , Flames communications director Sean Kelso issued a tweet ( later deleted ) that said Nenshi as mayor was “ worse than Donald Trump being president . ”
The irony could not have been lost on Calgary voters — that it was the penny-pinching conservatives , not the ‘ spendthrift ' progressives , who offered the Flames their best shot at a new arena deal .
Smith has deep roots in the Red Tory establishment that used to run Calgary . They were well-funded ( he ran TV ads , uncommon in Alberta municipal politics ) but perhaps they are n't all that well known outside of Tory circles . They mounted a credible challenge but fell short . The power of incumbency in municipal politics is not to be underestimated ; many Nenshi supporters , spooked by polls showing their man in trouble , showed up in droves .
So the cities remain progressive enclaves . Edmonton city council added Aaron Paquette , who ran federally for the NDP federally . Fiscal hawks will have their work cut out for them as the cities grow and demand for increased services rises .
It all proves what I 've been saying for years : Alberta is changing . The province 's population is increasingly urban and demographically mixed — and much more progressive than many outsiders believe . That said , there 's still tremendous brand recognition in the name ‘ Conservative ' and many Albertans still believe that 's what we are — even though that may not be as true as it once was .
The municipal votes gave Premier Rachel Notley renewed hope that they can hold on to their fortress in Edmonton , where they ran the table in 2015 — and might even hold on to some of their seats in Calgary . To bolster those odds , they shuffled their cabinet this week to include former PC MLA ( and leadership candidate ) Sandra Jansen as the new infrastructure minister . Calgary can expect to see a lot of construction crews between now and the spring 2019 provincial election .
And the United Conservative Party , which chooses its first leader next weekend , needs to remember that while most Albertans like to call themselves ‘ conservative ' , their two largest cities are going in the opposite direction .
The views , opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author 's alone . They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views , opinions and/or positions of iPolitics .
A U.S. Navy veteran was allegedly fired from their hotel job after posting photos and video on social media showing several dozen Homeland Security vehicles in a parking garage . To make matters worse , they were also accused of being a terrorist .
According to reports , Mark Paffrath , an employee at the Drury Plaza Hotel in Chesterfield , Missouri , noticed several dozen Homeland Security vehicles parked in a garage after they were done with work , so out of curiosity , they posted some photos and a short video on Facebook .
“ Why are all the cop cars here…I wonder if it has anything to do with Ferguson , ” said Paffrath in their Facebook post .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
The next day , Paffrath returned to work and was immediately called to their boss 's office . When they entered manager Jeff Barker 's office , Paffrath was told that they needed to remove all photos and video of the cars from Facebook , so they did so right away without issue . They finished their shift and all was normal , but the following day , John Bohnert , director of security for Drury Hotels Company , LLC , was waiting for him .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
“ Mark told ASN that Mr. Bohnert advised them that their Facebook posts almost cost the company a $ 150,000 contract with the Department of Homeland Security and because of this they were being terminated , ” reported Argus News Now .
In addition to informing Paffrath that they were fired , Bohnert also reportedly said , “ You 're a terrorist and you have dishonorably served your country by posting the photos and video . ”
When Paffrath told Bohnert that they did n't put the location of the Homeland Security trucks with the post , the security director said that anybody could click on their name and find out where they work . By the end of their conversation , Bohnert threatened Paffrath that if they reposted the pictures and video on social media , “ you will have the federal government knocking on your door and you will be incarcerated . ”
Paffrath did n't heed Bohnert 's advice , however , and decided to repost a couple of pictures . It 's not clear if the government actually came knocking , however .
Sources : The Blaze , Argus News Now
undefined
Tel Aviv Mayor Ron Huldai raised hackles on Thursday , after suggesting that the Palestinian terror attack at the Sarona Market plaza in the city was linked to Israel 's “ occupation ” of the Palestinian people .
Speaking on Army Radio a day after the attack at the Max Brenner cafe , which claimed the lives of four people , Huldai said Israel was “ maybe the only country in which another people is under occupation and in which these people have no rights . ”
“ Our leaders through the years have said that the lands [ on which settlements are built ] are the basis on which a future [ Palestinian ] state can be built . The problem is when there is no terror , there are no discussions , and when there are talks , we say there ca n't be terror attacks , ” they went on .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ We ca n't keep these people in a reality in which they are occupied and [ expect ] them to reach the conclusion that everything is all right and that they can continue living this way , ” said Huldai , a member of the opposition Labor Party .
The mayor said Israelis must ask themselves if they play a role , “ if there 's anything we can do to decrease the levels of loathing between the two peoples .
“ On the one hand , we are marking 49 years to the occupation , of which I was a part [ as a fighter pilot in the 1967 war ] . I know the reality and understand that leaders with courage need to aspire to reach [ an agreement ] and not just talk about it .
“ The facts are that we [ as a nation ] are suffering [ after terror attacks ] does not lead us to really understand what needs to be done , ” they said .
A change in the situation will come when Israel will show its neighbors that it has true intentions of reaching a peace deal , they argued .
Deputy Defense Minister Eli Ben Dahan ( Jewish Home ) slammed the mayor for their remarks , saying that “ the suggestion that terror attacks occur because of the occupation or because we have n't signed a peace deal is absurd . ”
“ It 's time we , right-wingers , tell left-wingers : ‘ you are absurd ' , ” said Ben Dahan .
The Science , Technology and Space Minister Ofir Akunis ( Likud ) said that “ to blame Israel for the lack of goodwill to make peace is a disgrace . ”
Huldai 's comments are “ unacceptable , ” said Akunis .
HARARE , Zimbabwe ( CNN ) -- Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai was in stable condition and recovering from head injuries Friday night after a car wreck that killed their wife , Susan , medical sources told CNN .
Tsvangirai and their wife , Susan , were en route to the prime minister 's hometown of Buhera .
The crash , on a busy two-lane highway between Tsvangirai 's hometown of Buhera and the capital city of Harare , comes just weeks after the start of a power-sharing agreement between Tsvangirai and their political rival , President Robert Mugabe .
Analysts say the crash is bound to raise suspicion of foul play , with one former U.S. diplomat calling for an outside investigation , saying it is not the first time that a political foe of Mugabe has been killed or injured in a car crash .
Members of Tsvangirai 's political party , the Movement for Democratic Change , said Friday that it was too early to tell whether the crash is anything other than an accident .
Tsvangirai 's aide and driver also were injured in the head-on collision with a large truck , according to their spokesperson , James Maridadi .
Movement for Democratic Change spokesperson Nelson Chamisa said they spoke to Tsvangirai at the hospital , and the party leader was in `` relatively stable '' condition . An MDC spokesperson describes 'critical ' accident »
Sources at The Avenues Clinic in Harare said that Tsvangirai was in stable condition with minor head injuries and that the prime minister was alert and talking . One source said the attending doctor had told them of their wife 's death .
Another said that doctors were planning to keep Tsvangirai overnight for observation and that specialists were checking their condition .
Tsvangirai , Zimbabwe 's main opposition leader , took office last month under a power-sharing deal with Mugabe after a contentious election .
Tsvangirai 's MDC reached the power-sharing agreement with Mugabe in September after months of angry dispute that included violence . More than 200 deaths , mainly those of opposition supporters , were reported leading up to and in the aftermath of the election .
`` I 'm skeptical about any motor vehicle accident in Zimbabwe involving an opposition figure , '' said Tom McDonald , the U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe from 1997 to 2001 . `` President Mugabe has a history of strange car accidents when someone lo and behold dies -- it 's sort of their M.O . of how they get rid of people they do n't like . '' Watch more on the fatal crash »
McDonald cited the 2001 death of Defense Minister Moven Mahachi , Employment Minister Border Gezi 's death in 1999 and the death last year of Elliot Manyika , a government minister and former regional governor .
All three died in car crashes .
`` This is several , '' McDonald said . `` So , when I hear that Tsvangirai was in an accident , it gives me pause . ''
McDonald , now an attorney with the Washington law firm Baker Hostetler , urged a full investigation by outside authorities .
One analyst who studies the region said the collision could `` exacerbate '' the fragile unity government .
`` There will undoubtedly be suspicions about the cause of the crash and whether there was foul play involved , '' said Jennifer Cooke , director of the Africa Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington .
`` At a time when there needs to be confidence-building measures , this incident potentially raises suspicions and undermines the potential for greater cohesion of the government . [ There is ] huge potential for the agreement to be manipulated by Mugabe . ''
McDonald , however , was quick to say that traffic accidents are common in Zimbabwe . The highway on which Tsvangirai was traveling is a two-lane road where tractor-trailers are common , vehicles in the country are often in bad shape and drivers often are inexperienced , they said .
`` It 's certainly plausible that this was just one of those tragic things , '' they said .
The collision occurred on the Harare-Masvingo Road as Tsvangirai and their wife headed to their hometown of Buhera , south of the capital , Harare , their spokesperson said .
The couple , who were married in 1978 , have six children , according to the British Broadcasting Corporation .
Last month , Susan Tsvangirai told a BBC affiliate that the past decade had been an `` endurance test '' for their husband and their MDC colleagues .
`` People went through hell , but they stuck to their ideals to seek change through democratic means , '' they said . `` This was a struggle that we endured with MDC cadres , activists , supporters and peace-loving Zimbabweans .
`` To them I say thank you so much for the support they gave the MDC to reach this momentous period . ''
A former miner and union organizer , Morgan Tsvangirai first ran for president in 2002 against Mugabe , who has been the country 's leader since it gained independence from Great Britain in 1980 .
Since then , Tsvangirai has been charged with treason twice and accused of plotting to assassinate Mugabe . Tsvangirai was arrested and allegedly beaten in 2007 . The criminal charges against them were dropped .
CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse , Alan Silverleib and Doug Gross contributed to this report .
All About Zimbabwe • Robert Mugabe • Morgan Tsvangirai
Bookstores may be becoming things of the past in many parts of the world , but San Francisco is still home to a bevy of wonderful , stalwart neighborhood bookshops that are quietly thriving and serving a loyal readership . Wander through them and you 'll find a hundred reasons why the internet ca n't replace the experience of meandering through shelves and thumbing through pages and walking away with small printed treasures you never knew you needed until you found them .
Aardvark Books
At the edge of the Castro lies this beloved longtime new and used bookstore that 's been in business on Church Street since 1978 . The smart and ( obviously ) bookish staff , most of whom have been there forever , keep the shelves stocked with a terrific selection of contemporary and classic literature , cookbooks , poetry , gardening guides , and non-fiction , and for a store this small you 'll be pleasantly surprised at how deep the selection gets . Also , as is necessary for any great bookstore , there is a shop cat  an orange tabby named Owen , pictured above .  Jay Barmann
227 Church Street between Market and 15th
Adobe Books
Shooed out of its original 16th Street home by rising rents , Adobe Books found new life on 24th Street in 2013 . There , the shop — whose full hippie name is `` Adobe Books & Arts Cooperative , '' has taken root , thanks in no small part to the hard work of co-op volunteers . Now , in 2016 , wall-to-wall books are as much about good reading as warm atmosphere , and Adobe is perfect for its spirited comedy nights , poetry readings , and even live music shindigs . Do you enjoy objectively strange art ? Then check out the Backroom Gallery , `` an alternative space where artists can make momentous decisions in their practice and experiment freely in the company of their peers . '' — Caleb Pershan
3130 24th Street betwixt Folsom and Shotwell Streets
Andrew D. via Yelp
Bird & Beckett
Oh , the name ? The `` Beckett '' is Samuel and the `` Bird '' is Charlie `` The Bird '' Parker , and that should tip you off that , in addition to being a classy bookseller , this Glen Park gem is also a jazz haunt . You can check out their full calendar here , but locals have come to expect sweet sweet music any given Friday or Sunday . —Caleb Pershan
653 Chenery Street between Carrie and Diamond Streets
Inside the San Francisco Book Passage . Photo : Kevin Y/Yelp
Book Passage
Started in Marin County in 1976 , Book Passage opened its Ferry Building location in 2003 . While of course they 're known for their wide selection of books , their program of author events is really remarkable , with stops from niche-y , cult writers and mass-market stars alike . They also boast a salon intended to nurture budding writers , multiple book discussion clubs , and a `` Signed First Editions Club , '' members of which `` receive a signed first edition each month of a new work of fiction by an emerging author who shows exceptional talent and promise . '' What a monthly treat ! — Eve Batey
1 Ferry Building , San Francisco and 51 Tamal Vista Blvd , Corte Madera
Harry Potter fans celebrate a book release at the Opera Plaza Books , Inc. Photo : Jess R/Yelp
Books , Inc .
Books Inc describes itself as `` the world 's oldest independent bookstore , '' with an origin story that begins during the Gold Rush era . It 's changed hands and locations many times since then , and now boasts stores across the Bay Area ( including the Compass Books stores you 'll see at SFO ) . In San Francisco proper , you can find them in Opera Plaza , Laurel Village , and the Marina ( their Castro location closed last month ) . Each store has their own sets of book clubs and events , including authors ' appearances , children 's storytimes , and writing groups . — Eve Batey
601 Van Ness Avenue , 3515 California Street , and 2251 Chestnut Street in San Francisco
The Booksmith via Facebook
The Booksmith
The Booksmith turned 40 years old last weekend , but with an up-to-date catalogue and some of the most accomplished and exciting writers and poets swinging by on the regular for readings and events , you 'd be forgiven for underestimating its age . A helpful , friendly staff will help you find the latest twee periodical or the hottest beach read , and do n't miss bizarre literary happenings like Shipwreck , a fan-fiction take down that bills itself as San Francisco 's `` premier literary erotic fanfiction event . '' —Caleb Pershan
1644 Haight Street between Belvedere and Clayton Streets
Ian Irving via Flickr
Borderlands
Borderlands hit a bumpy patch last year , when owner Alan Beatts announced that San Francisco 's efforts to ensure workers would be paid a living wage — not , as some might have expected , the ubiquity of Amazon — would force the venerable SciFi , fantasy , and horror-focused bookstore to close its doors . ( Of course , this is n't the first time Borderlands ' management has expressed dismay at SFs laws and regulations , as you can see from the 2011 sign they posted deriding the city 's smoking laws . ) But the store found a way out of the mess , with a $ 100/annual sponsorship program that lets loyal customers and fans keep the store going . While anyone can shop there or take in their author events , Borderlands sponsors get all sorts of extra goodies and benefits , including free movie passes , table reservations at their neighboring cafe , and even package acceptance . — Eve Batey
866 Valencia Street
Photo : Wikimedia
City Lights
As a young student of literature and lover of the Beats , I made a pilgrimage to City Lights on my first trip to San Francisco , as many Ferlinghetti and Kerouac and Ginsberg fans have over the decades . It is both a landmark of the Beat era in North Beach and a fantastic bookstore , sitting across Jack Kerouac alley from Vesuvio , where Lawrence and Jack and Allen and Neal all used to get drunk together . At age 97 , Ferlinghetti is the last one alive and he 's still writing , painting , and running the publishing arm of City Lights , and just last year we heard from them on how they see contemporary San Francisco , compared to the city they arrived in in 1951 .  Jay Barmann
261 Columbus Avenue
Photo courtesy of Dog-Eared Books on Valencia Street .
Dog-Eared Books
Dog-Eared Books is an oddity : It 's a bookstore ... that 's growing . In addition to its Valencia Street shop for new , used , and discount books ( plus odds and ends like maps ) , the 1992-founded store opened an offshoot on 24th Street , Alley Cat Bookshop , and a brand-new Castro location . Personally , I find it hard to walk by their sales bin out front without taking a gander , and then , almost inevitably , I 'm lured inside . —Caleb Pershan
900 Valencia Street between 20th and Liberty Streets and 489 Castro Street between 17th and 18th Streets
Mergatroid . Photo : Jay Barmann/SFist
Green Apple Books
Founded in 1967 , Green Apple Books has thrived over the decades and grown to ten times its original size , making it the biggest single-location independent bookseller in these parts , with both new and used books for sale . ( They also ship books for a flat 99 cents , and they sell e-books too , if you want to support a local business instead of Amazon . ) And it 's kind of appropriate that a book business should survive in one of the colder , foggier , and more contemplative parts of town . The staff picks , hand-written on cards beside most contemporary titles , are always insightful . And if you 're wondering about the funny looking mascot out front , he 's named Mergatroid , they date to the ‘ 70s , and passersby like to put hats on him .  Jay Barmann
506 Clement Street
Photo : Harumi U./Yelp
Kayo Books
You wo n't find kids books here at Kayo Books , where most titles are `` adult . '' These purveyors of smutty , sleazy , and scintillating paperbacks are John Waters ' favorite bookstore , as they once told Terry Gross on NPR 's Fresh Air . `` It 's the most amazing bookshop , '' they said . `` They have a whole series about abortion , juvenile delinquency ... you can find the best gifts there . '' —Caleb Pershan
814 Post Street
Photo : Facebook
Omnivore Books
In the culinary capital of the US , we of course have to have a bookstore dedicated completely to food , and this Noe Valley shop does us proud . With a huge selection of new and used cookbooks  including a fantastic collection of California vintage cookbooks priced according to their rarity  Omnivore is a home cook 's dream . There 's also a constant stream of events at the shop featuring readings and book signings with famous food writers , cocktail mavens , and chefs .  Jay Barmann
3885a Cesar Chavez Street at Church
Related : The 10 Best Classic Stores In S.F .
Details on the complete story are sketchy , but we have just been advised that high profile father 's advocate Ben Vonderheide , aka Daddy Justice , is on trial for harassment and disorderly conduct . Daddy Justice is the same activist who was physically assaulted in the halls of the US Senate by feminist ideologue , attorney and VAWA advocate Lisalyn Jacobs during a VAWA conference .
The video footage below includes the recorded testimony of DV advocate Kathy Markley , an employee of the Lancaster County , Pennsylvania “ Community Action Committee ” for 18 years , who give a very detailed account of their allegations against Mr. Vonderheide . HOWEVER , also shown is the surveillance video provided by the sheriff 's department of what apparently transpired during the times Markley claims they were being harassed .
If the footage shown here actually coincides with the time that they allege the mistreatment , then it proves they are a bald-faced liar , trying to trump up charges on Daddy Justice in order to silence them so that the county can continue their court sanctioned child abuse racket unimpeded .
Let it be known from this point forward that if Ben Vonderheide is being railroaded there will be no hesitation on the part of the management of this website to profile every single person involved , regardless of their position in the community or government , and to ensure that as many people find out about their malfeasance as is humanly possible . More to come on this , as this is all we have for now .
Tap here to access our NBA Tracker , which includes offseason rumors , trades and signings .
Not one , not two , but three All-Stars in Cleveland next season ?
In addition to their pursuit of unrestricted free-agent forward LeBron James , the Cavaliers are also set to make a second move for Minnesota Timberwolves forward Kevin Love , should James sign .
Cavaliers are pursuing a Kevin Love trade with Minnesota , contingent on the signing of LeBron James , league sources tell Yahoo Sports . — Adrian Wojnarowski ( @ WojYahooNBA ) July 9 , 2014
Adding Love would likely command a ransom from the Cavaliers , which should n't be a problem given their bounty of assets . In addition to a number of lottery-picked prospects from recent drafts , the Cavaliers also hold most of their picks in future drafts , which can also contribute to a Love deal . The asking price is said to be high , with the return starting with number one overall pick Andrew Wiggins .
If Cleveland were to land both Love and James , the team would add a pair of All-NBA forwards to shore up their front-court . One also assumes that the possibility of playing with Love would also factor positively into LeBron 's free-agency decision .
Pairing Love and James , with point guard Kyrie Irving manning the point should easily rank the Cavaliers as favorites to win the Eastern Conference next season .
In Austrian economics , thymology is the study of those human aspects that precede or cause purposeful human behavior . [ 1 ]
Praxeology and thymology [ edit ]
In their Theory and History , Ludwig von Mises wrote on the relationship between praxeology and thymology :
[ Thymology ] is what a man knows about the way in which people value different conditions , about their wishes and desires and their plans to realize these wishes and desires . It is the knowledge of the social environment in which a man lives and acts or , with historians , of a foreign milieu about which they have learned by studying special sources . [ 2 ] Why one man chooses water and another man wine is a thymological ( or , in traditional terminology , psychological ) problem . But it is of no concern to praxeology and economics . The subject matter of praxeology and of that part of it which is so far best developed─economics─is action as such and not the motives that impel a man to aim at definite ends . [ 3 ]
History [ edit ]
Von Mises wrote :
Thymology is a branch of history or , as Collingwood formulated it , it belongs in 'the sphere of history . ' It deals with the mental activities of men that determine their actions . It deals with the mental processes that result in a definite kind of behavior , with the reactions of the mind to the conditions of the individual 's environment . It deals with something invisible and intangible that can not be perceived by the methods of the natural sciences . But the natural sciences must admit that this factor must be considered as real also from their point of view , as it is a link in a chain of events that result in changes in the sphere the description of which they consider as the specific field of their studies . [ 4 ]
See also [ edit ]
Pissed Off Bastards of Bloomington Motto PFFP - FFT Founded 1945 Type Outlaw motorcycle club Region California and Nevada , USA Activities The outlaw motorcycle and car club Website www.pobobmc.com
The Pissed Off Bastards of Bloomington ( POBOB ) is a motorcycle club that , in 1947 , along with the Boozefighters and the Market Street Commandos , participated in the highly publicized Hollister riot ( later immortalized on film as The Wild One [ 1 ] [ 2 ] ) .
History [ edit ]
The POBOB were one of the earliest motorcycle and car clubs . A few miles south of San Bernardino , California , in the small town of Bloomington in 1945 .
Then on July 4 , 1947 , in Hollister , California where the American Motorcycle Association ( AMA ) sanctioned the Gypsy Tour Run , the Boozefighters , POBOB and the Market Street Commandos took over the town for nearly three days . The POBOB members played an integral role in the Hollister riot , on which the movie The Wild One was based , starring Marlon Brando .
Two months later , the same clubs went to Riverside , California for the Labor Day weekend , another AMA-sanctioned event . The same thing happened again as it did in Hollister . Over four thousand people , including bikers from out of town and local residents , took over the town 's main street . A Riverside sheriff , Carl Rayburn , blamed a bunch of punk kids for disrupting their town , saying `` They 're rebels , they 're outlaws . ''
In 1948 , the AMA made a statement that ninety-nine percent of the motorcyclists are good people enjoying a clean sport and it is the one percent that are anti-social barbarians . The term `` one percenter '' is born .
Three years later the P.O.B.O.B . MC came back as a motorcycle club ( minus the car club ) , in the city of Fontana known as Felony Flats . The club still exists today with a group of members known as the Pissed Off Bastards of Berdoo , throughout California and Nevada and Utah . [ 3 ]
Google 's Chromecast has become an important stop for companies in the content streaming space . Music service Grooveshark is the latest to announce support for the USB HDMI dongle , which enables its paying users to stream content to a TV from desktop or mobile devices .
On the one-year anniversary of its launch , Google revealed that Chromecast users had “ hit the cast button more than 400 million times ” — that 's the kind of engagement that Grooveshark says prompted this move .
Grooveshark says its users spend on average 90 minutes with its service per session , with multiple visits per month . That 's a new metric we 've not heard before .
The company previously revealed that it has passed 20 million active users , who stream over a billion songs each month from a catalog of more than 15 million tunes .
Rdio , Google Play Music and Pandora are among the Grooveshark rivals that already support Chromecast .
Headline image via Derek Heasley / Shutterstock
Read next : Uber is facing another ban in Europe : This time it 's Berlin
Published 23.05.2014 16:51 GMT+3 | Author Martin Merk
28 tournaments will be played next season in the 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship program .
The Swiss Ice Hockey Federation announced the venues for the 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championship . The event will be played in April in central Switzerland in the cities of Zug and Lucerne .
The worlds ' best U20 teams will go to the 2015 IIHF World Junior Championship in Toronto and Montreal , Canada , as it was known before . The 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey Women 's World Championship will be played in Malmo , Sweden , while the women 's U18 category will be played in the United States in a city to be announced soon .
Due to the big interest in hosting IIHF events , several tournaments had more than one applicant and a vote among the participating teams and the IIHF Council was required .
The 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship Division I Group A with the best nations outside the top-16 will be hosted by Donetsk . The Ukrainian bid won the vote against the Polish with Krakow . The Division I Group B will be played in Eindhoven , Netherlands , after Tallinn , Estonia , had pulled out .
The 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship Program :
2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship
In Prague and Ostrava , Czech Republic , 1-17 May 2015
Participants ( groups and final seeding TBA ) : Sweden , Finland , Canada , Russia , Czech Republic , USA , Switzerland , Slovakia , Latvia , Norway , Germany , Slovenia , Austria , France , Belarus , Denmark .
2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship Division I Group A
In Donetsk , Ukraine , 18-24 April 2015
Participants : Italy , Kazakhstan , Japan , Ukraine , Hungary , Poland
2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship Division I Group B
In Eindhoven , Netherlands , 13-19 April 2015
Participants : Korea , Croatia , Lithuania , Great Britain , Netherlands , Estonia 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship Division II Group A
In Reykjavik , Iceland , 13-19 April 2015
Participants : Romania , Iceland , Serbia , Australia , Belgium , Spain 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship Division II Group B
In Cape Town , South Africa , 13-19 April 2015
Participants : Israel , Mexico , New Zealand , China , South Africa , Bulgaria 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship Division III
In Izmir , Turkey , 5-14 April 2015
Participants : Turkey , DPR Korea , Luxembourg , Hong Kong , United Arab Emirates , Georgia , Bosnia and Herzegovina 2015 IIHF World Junior Championship
In Toronto and Montreal , 26 December 2014 to 5 January 2015
Group A : Finland , Canada , USA , Slovakia , Germany
Group B : Sweden , Russia , Czech Republic , Switzerland , Denmark 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U20 World Championship Division I Group A
In Asiago , Italy , 14-20 December 2014
Participants : Norway , Latvia , Belarus , Austria , Slovenia , Italy 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U20 World Championship Division I Group B
In Dunaujvaros , Hungary , 14-20 December 2014
Participants : Poland , Kazakhstan , France , Ukraine , Japan , Hungary 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U20 World Championship Division II Group A
In Tallinn , Estonia , 7-13 December 2014
Participants : Great Britain , Lithuania , Netherlands , Estonia , Romania , Korea 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U20 World Championship Division II Group B
In Granada , Spain , 13-19 December 2014
Participants : Croatia , Spain , Serbia , Australia , Iceland , Belgium 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U20 World Championship Division III
In Dunedin , New Zealand , 19-25 January 2015
Participants : China , New Zealand , Mexico , Turkey , South Africa , Bulgaria 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championship
In Zug and Lucerne , Switzerland , 16-26 April 2015
Group A : USA , Sweden , Russia , Slovakia , Germany
Group B : Czech Republic , Canada , Finland , Switzerland , Latvia 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championship Division I Group A
In Debrecen , Hungary , 12-18 April 2015
Participants : Denmark , Norway , Kazakhstan , Belarus , France , Hungary 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championship Division I Group B
In Maribor , Slovenia , 12-18 April 2015
Participants : Italy , Austria , Slovenia , Japan , Ukraine , Lithuania 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championship Division II Group A
In Tallinn , Estonia , 22-28 March 2015
Participants : Poland , Korea , Croatia , Netherlands , Great Britain , Estonia 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championship Division II Group B
In Belgrade or Novi Sad , Serbia , 15-23 March 2015
Participants : Romania , Spain , Serbia , Belgium , China , Australia 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championship Division III Group A
In Taipei City , Chinese Taipei , 22-28 March 2015
Participants : Iceland , Israel , Chinese Taipei , Bulgaria , Mexico , South Africa 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 World Championship Division III Group B
In Auckland , New Zealand , 22-24 March 2015
Participants : New Zealand , Turkey , Hong Kong 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey Women 's World Championship
In Malmo , Sweden , 28 March - 4 April 2015
Group A : USA , Canada , Russia , Finland
Group B : Germany , Switzerland , Sweden , CZE/JPN * 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey Women 's World Championship Division I Group A
In Rouen , France , 12-18 April 2015
Participants : CZE/JPN * , Norway , Denmark , France , Austria , Latvia
* Qualification Series to be played in autumn 2014 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey Women 's World Championship Division I Group B
In Beijing , China , 6-12 April 2015
Participants : Slovakia , China , Hungary , Netherlands , DPR Korea , Italy 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey Women 's World Championship Division II Group A
In Dumfries , Great Britain , 30 March - 5 April 2015
Participants : Kazakhstan , Great Britain , Korea , Poland , New Zealand , Croatia 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey Women 's World Championship Division II Group B
In Jaca or Logrono , Spain , 11-17 March 2015
Participants : Australia , Slovenia , Spain , Iceland , Belgium , Mexico 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey Women 's World Championship Division II Group B Qualification
In Hong Kong , Hong Kong , 18-21 February 2015
Participants : Turkey , South Africa , Bulgaria , Hong Kong 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 Women 's World Championship
In the USA , city TBA , 5-12 January 2015
Group A : Canada , USA , Czech Republic , Russia
Group B : Finland , Sweden , Japan , Switzerland 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 Women 's World Championship Division I
In Vaujany , France , 4-10 January 2015
Participants : Hungary , France , Germany , Norway , Slovakia , Austria 2015 IIHF Ice Hockey U18 Women 's World Championship Division I Qualification
Host TBD
Participants : Great Britain , Poland , China , Italy , Kazakhstan , Denmark
Back to Overview
One of the hottest names during this upcoming coaching carousel is UCF head coach Scott Frost . UCF currently leads the nation with 51 points per game .
With the Florida head coach vacancy and a need for offense in Gainesville , Frost is considered a prime target of the Gators .
“ I have n't heard from anybody , ” Frost told reports on Monday when asked specifically about the UF job . “ Those things might be hard for you guys to ignore , but they 're really easy for me to ignore . I show up to work and watch film and get practice ready and go out and do my best to get our team ready , and I do n't pay any attention to it . ”
Frost is in the midst of a 7-0 season , and feels it would be a disservice to their team to allow their focus to waver .
“ It would be a crime for me to do that with the sacrifices that our team and coaching staff have made , and the type of season these guys are putting together . They deserve my 100-percent focus , and they have it . ”
This is Frost 's second year at UCF where they have earned a 13-7 record , after taking over a Knights squad that was winless the season prior to their arrival . Prior to UCF , Frost was the offensive coordinator at Oregon .
In Factorio I usually create transport belts with all required inputs . Meaning throughout my factory there will be a flow of iron plates , copper plates , gear wheels , transport belt , steel , coal , copper wire , electronics , etc . However because there are so many types you are likely to end up with a maze . Personally I do n't mind it but when playing multiplayer this can make it hard to co-operate !
This guide will show the easiest way to automatically produce Green Science Packs ( Science Pack 2 ) . This guide uses game version 0.11.6 .
Green Science Packs
Before we can start with automating the green science flasks it might be a good idea to check which inputs are required . The flasks itself are created from yellow inserters and transport belts . To summarize :
Green flask = Transport Belt + Inserter ( yellow )
Unfortunately both of these components have several sub-components . Let 's work on these two components chains separately .
Video version
Transport Belt automation
Transport belts require two inputs :
Transport belt = Iron Gear wheel ( iron plate ) + Iron plate
Main line
Because all our items are constructed from Iron plates we only need a single main line with iron plates . Now simply build two factories next to the line of Iron plates . Keep a gap of 1 tile between them .
Gear wheels
The first factory will construct Gear wheels . In order to do that it will take iron from the main line . However here comes the twist : Instead of outputting the gear wheels to another transport belt you insert them directly into the second factory .
Transport belts
Set the second factory to produce transport belts . Again we will take iron plates from the main line . Gear wheels will be automatically supplied by the first factory .
Optional
Want to save up a few hundred of transport belts for personal use ? If so then I recommend constructing another inserter with a chest . That way some of your output will be stored in this chest . Do n't forget to close some of the storage space or you will end up with 25 * 50 transport belts !
The complete setup :
Note : The strange bend at the finished product forces the finished Transport Belt to use the right side of the lane .
Yellow inserter automation
The yelllow inserters are a bit more complicated and require three inputs :
Yellow inserter : Electronics ( copper wire+iron plate ) + Gear wheel ( iron plate ) + Iron plate
A traditional setup would involve two transport belts feeding these components to the factory . In this example we will simply be using multiple factories with little to none transport belts . In order for this plan to work you need to be able to get both iron plates and copper plates onto a single lane .
Main lines
First we will need a main line that provides both iron plates and copper plates . Construct three factories next to it with a gap of 1 tile . Construct a fourth factory left of factory two and three . Now provide it with Iron plates .
Copper wire
The first factory will be set to copper wire . Place an inserter so it can take copper plates from the main line .
Electronics
The second factory will take the copper wire from the first factory . Do this by simply connecting them with an inserter . It will also need to take Iron plates from the main line
Gear Wheels
The third factory will be producing gear wheels . This factory will take iron plates from the main line .
Yellow Inserter
The fourth and final factory will have to b e constructed between the Electronics and Gear wheel factory . Set it to produce Yellow Inserters . Now it will need two inserters to feed the electronics and gear wheels . It also needs to have access to iron plates .
Overview
Green flask automation
After both blocks have been constructed you can simply feed both the finished transport belts and yellow inserters onto a single line . Do n't forget to make use of the left and right side of the belts by connecting from the sides .
A blue factory will be required to automate the production of green science packs ( science pack 2 ) . This layout will support quite a few factories so construct a few . Now set them to produce green science flasks our brand new yellow inserters and transport belts . Do n't forget to place power and a few input and output inserters .
Checkout the combined result :
Performance evaluation
On reddit.com aeide7 suggested I would include some performance evaluation data . So here we go :
This system in it 's current setup produced 96 transport belts per minute . It also produces 60 Yellow Inserters per minute . Therefore the system will be bottle necked to the production of 60 flasks per minute . To construct 60 green flasks per minute you will need about 5 blue assembly plants .
Improved design : +60 % production
There is an easy way to balance the design . The new design produces 96 Yellow Inserters per minute ( instead of 60 ) , creating a perfect balance with the 96 Transport belts per minute . This design will need 8 blue assembly plants for creating green flasks .
This new design features a new factory ( orange ) placed directly below the Yellow Inserter plant . Set this factory to produce gear wheels . The required iron is already there .
The old gear wheel factory ( red ) is switched to produce copper wire . This also means the blue inserter of the new copper wire plant has to be moved from feeding directly into the Yellow Inserter plant to the Electronic Chips plant .
These changes will double the production of Electronic chips and therefore further increase the capacity of your yellow inserter production .
With the last changes we can now support up to 9 assembly plants for green science packs . As I final tip I recommend you make sure you are using the blue inserters in the factory blocks because the yellow inserts will be too slow to handle this design . The same is true for the blue assembly plants . If you need even more speed then you can always equip them with speed modules or upgrade them to assembly plant type 3 . These guys are even faster and can be equipped with 4 modules .
Questions ?
Feel free to request additional information in the comments .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MADISON -- Republican Assembly Speaker Robin Vos says they have enough votes to pass a financing plan for a $ 500 million Milwaukee Bucks arena that relies on $ 250 million from state and local taxpayers . It 's unclear whether there are enough votes in the Senate .
Vos on Monday , June 29th released the draft of the proposal along with an analysis by the nonpartisan Legislative Fiscal Bureau . It comes nearly a month after the outline of the deal was first announced by Gov . Scott Walker and others .
CLICK HERE to read the draft of the arena legislation
CLICK HERE to read summary of plan to finance a downtown arena
The highlights of this proposal have been known -- but this is the first time the full language of the proposal can be seen by the public .
`` I think we are in a much better position today than we were , '' Rep. John Nygren ( R-Marinette ) said .
`` I think overall for the state taxpayers , the negotiations are a success , '' Rep. Jim Steineke ( R-Kaukauna ) said .
Under the terms of the deal , $ 55 million would come from the state . The $ 55 million will more or less match contributions from the city of Milwaukee and Milwaukee County . The remainder will come from the Bucks owners and the Wisconsin Center District .
`` Limit as much we could the state ` s liability and have the locals pick up the lion ` s share of the costs going forward , '' Rep. Steineke said .
`` While this is definitely a good-faith effort of the negotiating process , there are good ideas that could be left on the table -- and we 're always willing to look at those to see if there 's a deal that 's possible , that 's better for taxpayers ; that provides different opportunities to get to the same end , '' said Vos . `` I think the three of us and our entire caucus share the same goal -- and that 's to have the least expensive option for the state , while providing the best possible venue ; not just for the Bucks , but for Marquette and for people who live in southeast Wisconsin to have what 's really a first-class entertainment attraction in a first-class city . ''
`` We would lose money if ( the Bucks ) leave . If they stay , we get an amenity and more revenue , '' Vos said .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
It remains unclear whether the funding proposal will be part of the state budget or a separate , stand-alone measure .
`` The Bucks arena is in the budget . No Democrat is going to vote for the budget . If they pull it out , that ` s a whole other discussion , '' Sen. Chris Larson ( D-Milwaukee ) said .
Vos says the budget will not be passed by the deadline -- Wednesday , July 1st . That 's the start of the new fiscal year .
Vos hopes to hear from Senate leaders by the end of the week .
The Senate will caucus on Tuesday , with the Assembly meeting on Wednesday .
Democratic support will likely be needed by the Republican-controlled Senate because this issue has divided even the GOP .
State Senator Chris Larson ( D ) issued the following statement on the Republican financing plan released on Monday :
“ As I have said before , Democratic legislators from Milwaukee and across the state have been open to working with our Republican colleagues to negotiate a deal on the arena that is in the best interest of both the taxpayers and the city of Milwaukee . After a stunning failure of leadership from Governor Walker , it was only last week that Republican Senate leaders were willing to start preliminary discussions about the deal with those who directly represent the communities surrounding its proposed location . Today 's release by Legislative Republicans shows our efforts to bring transparency and public scrutiny to this issue are starting to succeed . “ However , considering Republicans are currently in control of all houses of government , it is absurd that with the budget deadline only two days away , we are just now seeing such a complex budgetary proposal . “ Like many across Wisconsin , I am still going through the details of the proposal . While I am eager to work to get the best possible Bucks deal for Wisconsin , it seems like Walker 's budget overall is a sinking ship and instead of working with Democrats to find a life raft , Republican leaders have abandoned ship . “ Democrats remain willing to work with Republicans on the arena deal , however , it is disappointing that our continuous calls for inclusion have been ignored . ”
Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett also weighed in on Monday , saying : `` It ` s imperative that the Legislature take this up and it ` s imperative that we get this done . ''
Vos released the draft just three hours after they put forward a plan to scale back the state 's prevailing wage law . Those are two of the larger issues that have led to a monthlong stalemate on passing a new state budget .
Meanwhile , the Milwaukee Business Journal is reporting the preliminary draft of the legislation calls for the Milwaukee Bucks signing a 30-year lease for the new Bucks arena with options to extend the lease by five years .
The preliminary draft also calls for the Bucks to acquire the BMO Harris Bradley Center and its property for an unspecified amount of money . The Bucks would then be responsible for demolishing it , the Milwaukee Business Journal reports .
Highlights beyond the Bucks lease include significantly expanding the Wisconsin Center District 's powers and transferring ownership of the Marcus Center for the Performing Arts .
CLICK HERE for more of the significant provisions from the preliminary draft legislation via the Milwaukee Business Journal .
ROME — Politics has no monopoly on making strange bedfellows , as a senior Vatican official paid tribute to Hollywood on Thursday for raising the profile of family issues , specifically citing the American sitcom “ Modern Family , ” a show that features two married gay men who adopt a baby , plus an older divorced dad who remarries a woman half their age .
Along with writings of Pope Francis and other Vatican initiatives , Archbishop Vincenzo Paglia told the United Nations on Thursday that thanks to “ phenomena like the media production ‘ Modern Family , ' or same-sex marriage initiatives in a significant number of jurisdictions , the family has become the subject of increasingly intense interest and discussion . ”
Paglia is head of the Vatican 's Pontifical Council for the Family , the office organizing a “ World Meeting of Families ” in Philadelphia in September that Pope Francis is scheduled to attend .
Unfortunately , Paglia said during an event to mark the UN 's annual “ Day of the Family , ” discussion about the family has become “ unproductively ideological. ” It centers too much on definitions of the family unacceptable to one political current or another , and on economic considerations .
“ It is important to realize that the family is not an ideology , ” Paglia said .
Instead , they said , family is a complex of human relationships characterized by love , fidelity , commitment , sacrifice , trust , conflict , joy , fruitfulness , nurture , respect , celebration , protection , memory and faith .
The archbishop called for recognition of the negative effect that the breakdown of families has on global initiatives such as the UN 's “ Sustainable Development Goals , ” a set of development benchmarks that 195 countries will sign in September .
Pope Francis will open that session of the UN General Assembly on September 25 , during a visit to the United States .
“ Not everything in every family is rosy , ” Paglia said . “ There 's violence , abuse , paternalistic excess . There are families with absent or irresponsible fathers . ”
They also said that women being left to provide for their children through paid work and unpaid care are a clear example of gender inequality .
Paglia also said the family the Church has in mind is one in which “ the relationship between genders is reworked with full respect for masculinity and femininity , ” where the bond between generations is cultivated , and where the education of children respects their individuality .
“ Clearly , what the Catholic Church is striving for is a new , more authentic flourishing of the family , and with it all society , ” they said .
Paglia said the church is so convinced that Pope Francis has convoked two summits of bishops from around the world , called “ synods , ” to discuss the family . One took place last October , and the second will take place during the same month this year .
According to a report from the Inquirer , Microsoft has confirmed that it automatically downloads Windows 10 into upgrade-eligible Windows PCs , regardless of whether users opted-in to the free upgrade or not . Reports from such users indicate that upgrade files , ranging from 3.5 to 6GB in disk space , were downloaded and stored in the rather secluded ~BT folder , wasting both disk space and valuable , metered bandwidth . According to some of the victims , this unprovoked behavior caused their monthly bandwidth allowances to cap .
When the Inquirer inquired about the bizarre phenomenon , Microsoft confirmed :
For individuals who have chosen to receive automatic updates through Windows Update , we help upgradable devices get ready for Windows 10 by downloading the files they 'll need if they decide to upgrade . When the upgrade is ready , the customer will be prompted to install Windows 10 on the device .
This download allegedly comes batched with the routine Patch Tuesday update , so do n't be shocked to see an unusually enormous update .
If true , many will find this aggressive behavior quite disconcerting , especially on the heels of other recent invasive Windows 10 measures such as its option of using your computer and bandwidth as a seeding server for other Windows 10 users to download updates from being enabled by default , or the inability to turn off updates in the consumer-facing versions of Windows 10 .
The prime issue here is n't necessarily what they did , or what they 're planning , but the lack of transparency . None of these actions were what you 'd call “ marketing points ” , and the discoveries of these features were not announced directly by Microsoft itself in advance , but by keen users .
Despite the inevitable kneejerk reaction to Microsoft 's plots , there is some merit to its behavior . Refusing Windows updates , which casual users are prone to do , leaves the system perpetually vulnerable to malicious attacks . Windows 10 is currently free to upgrade , and should unsuspecting users eventually decide to update , having them wait hours for the upgrade files to finish could sour the upgrade experience .
Still , it really begs the question : just what else is Microsoft doing with our computers behind the scenes ? And at what point will they have gone too far ? Or has the company crossed that line already ?
Share This
Further reading : Microsoft
Merck & Co. is the world 's largest vaccine manufacturing corporation , and is one of the largest pharma companies in the world . They created such things as the MMR vaccine , and the HPV vaccine Gardasil .
As a corporation that has affected the lives of almost everyone around us in the Western world , with most people receiving their vaccinations that are known to do damage , we should know their history .
In this article , we will examine Merck 's connection to biological warfare , and the implications of that connection . Merck & Co. is not to be confused with the German “ Merck KGaA , ” but they both originate from the original German Merck . Merck was founded in 1668 , in Germany . By 1887 , a US division of Merck called Merck & Co. was set up in New York by George Merck . George Merck moved to NY in 1891 .
In April 1917 , as the US entered the Great War ( WWI ) , the government announced the seizure of corporations affiliated with Germany .
Merck & Co. was seized , but George Merck and partners founded a “ McKenna Corporation ” to bid on Merck as it was put up for auction , and they managed to buy Merck back in 1919 , fully separating from the other Merck in Germany ( as far as we know ) .
From that point , Merck made efforts to stay boldly on the side of the American war effort , and perhaps that influenced their involvement with the US ' biological warfare program during the peak of World War II .
In 1925 , the same year Nazi chemical monopoly IG Farben was created , George Merck passed their company onto their son , George W. Merck .
George W. Merck grew up in a privileged position , using the workshop of Thomas Edison as a child and inheriting their position as the president of the company .
They would become Merck 's president for 25 years , all throughout World War II : and they were given a central leadership position in the US ' biological warfare program during the same years they led Merck , retiring from the company years after their alleged retirement from biowarfare .
It was George W. Merck who led biological warfare work as the head of the War Research Service , the department in charge of Ft. Detrick , while still being president of Merck . According to Wikipedia :
“ During World War II , they led the War Research Service , which initiated the U.S. biological weapons program with Frank Olson . ”
According to MIT Press :
“ By midsummer , three candidates had rejected an offer to head the new group : economist Walter W. Stewart , who chaired the Rockefeller Foundation , geographer Isaiah Bowman , president of Johns Hopkins University , and economist Edmund Ezra Day , president of Cornell University . Finally , in August , chemist George W. Merck , president of the pharmaceutical firm Merck & Co. , accepted the position . The innocuously named War Research Service ( WRS ) started out in mid-1942 with an initial allocation of $ 200,000 . Wide contacts with major biologists and physicians enabled the eight member directorate to initiate secret work in about 28 American universities , including Harvard University , Columbia University , the University of Chicago , Northwestern University , Ohio State University , the University of Notre Dame , the University of Wisconsin , Stanford University , and the University of California . ”
To read George W. Merck 's report to the Secretary of War in 1945 , click here .
This history perfectly illustrates what “ the system ” is , and how it extends into all the major universities .
They were later given several awards , and was put on the cover of the August 18 , 1952 edition of Time Magazine , while the public was unaware they were ever involved with biological warfare , let alone theirs setting the foundation for experiments on Americans .
Ft. Detrick is one of the most well known biological warfare centers in US history : it 's the place where the plan to spray bacteria over San Francisco in the 1950 's and 60 's under “ Operation Sea Spray “ was conceived , shortly after Merck left . After Merck 's departure from the War Research Service , Ft. Detrick became a central factor in experiments on US citizens .
It was the place where paperclipped Nazi scientist Kurt Blome advised biological warfare experts on how to experiment on US citizens . Blome had previously experimented on their victims with Bubonic Plague .
It was where Frank Olson worked , the man who was almost certainly assassinated for starting to question the morality of their work with biowarfare , and with MK Ultra . According to Center for Research on Globalization :
“ On 28 November 1953 , at 2 am , a man crashed through a closed window and fell to their death from the 10th floor of the Statler Hotel in New York City . They were identified as Frank Olson , a bacteriologist with the US Army Research Center at Fort Detrick , Maryland . They had fallen from a room they shared with another scientist , Robert Lashbrook . It was ruled a suicide . Twenty-two years later , in 1975 , William Colby , then CIA director , declassified documents that changed the complexion of the case . It was revealed that Olson had actually been an undercover CIA operative at Fort Detrick , and that one week prior to their death , they had been drinking Cointreau at a high-level meeting with scientists at Deep Creek Lodge in rural Maryland . The Cointreau was laced with a large dose of LSD administered by their CIA boss , Sidney Gottlieb . They were then sent to New York with Lashbrook , also with the CIA , to see a psychiatrist because the LSD had induced a psychosis . It was also revealed that Olson had been part of the top secret CIA program that was known as Project MK-ULTRA , exploring the use of chemicals and drugs for purposes of mind control , and bacteriological agents for covert assassination . Olson had been working on ways to deliver anthrax in aerosol form , for use as a weapon . New evidence that came to light , through the persistent efforts of Olson 's son Eric , made the suicide ruling highly suspect . ”
Fort Detrick was a secret center of plans to poison and destroy what this compartmentalized power structure said was “ the enemy. ” To understand what other enemy they may have had in mind , we need to understand the academic culture of that era .
With the persistent obsession with eugenics that thrived so much among the wealthy classes in that day , what if “ the enemy ” was the common people of a nation ? What if the enemy were the poor whites , African Americans , alleged “ criminals ” and dissidents who the prominent academics of early 20th Century America plotted to wage war against through coercive sterilization ?
The academic institutions that aided the biowarfare effort , such as Harvard and Stanford , were involved with eugenics and coercive sterilization for decades precisely leading up to the moment biowarfare work begun . They only stopped advocating for eugenics openly when they got a bad rap from the Nazis .
To further illustrate this academic class , a man involved with the creation of “ chemotherapy ” out of mustard gas was a racist who could be found alongside eugenicists , receiving Rockefeller funding : Dr. Cornelius Rhoads . They were also involved in biowarfare . According to What Really Happened :
“ 1931 : The Puerto Rican Cancer Experiment was undertaken by Dr. Cornelius Rhoads . Under the auspices of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Investigations , Rhoads purposely infected their subjects with cancer cells . Thirteen of the subjects died . When the experiment was uncovered , and in spite of Rhoads ' written opinions that the Puerto Rican population should be completely eradicated , Rhoads went on to establish the U.S. Army Biological Warfare facilities in Maryland , Utah , and Panama . They later are named to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission and was at the heart of the recently revealed radiation experiments on prisoners , hospital patients , and soldiers ( these are covered in the ACHE report.http : //www.seas.gwu.edu/nsarchive/radiation/ ) ”
And for more perspective about the 1940 's culture of academia , also from What Really Happened :
“ 1940 's : In a crash program to develop new drugs to fight Malaria during World War II , doctors in the Chicago area infected nearly 400 prisoners with the disease . Although the Chicago inmates were given general information that they were helping with the war effort , they were not provided adequate information in accordance with the later standards set by the Nuremberg War Crimes Tribunal . Nazi doctors on trial at Nuremberg cited the Chicago studies as precedents to defend their own behavior in aiding the German war effort . ”
That 's just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the history of biological warfare : is it really implausible to suggest these people were trying to wage war on the people they did n't like at home ?
Through solid anecdotal evidence we can follow the trail and see that these experiments may have been toward an agenda of eugenics , sterilization , population control justified under the guise of some Nazi or Russian threat .
Another anecdotal observation to go along with this theory is that the bacteria sprayed on San Francisco , Serratia Marcescens , is actually thought to cause infertility , as suggested in papers as late as 2017 .
Could it be that they sprayed San Francisco to master the use of bacteria that causes infertility ?
In Conclusion
This is just the entrance to an entire field of research with so much pertinent info to where we are at today .
With more research , this could lead to strong anecdotal evidence that Merck & Co. used pharmaceutical treatments developed shortly after WWII such as the Polio vaccine against Americans , as bioweapons .
After all , Eli Lilly/Merck 's Polio vaccine ( that came a few years after the biowarfare activity ) was mysteriously contaminated with the cancer causing virus SV40 , which they claimed had accidentally been derived from the Rhesus monkey kidney cells used to prepare the vaccine . We know associated academics had purposefully given people cancer multiple times in the past .
Many people who understand Merck 's Gardasil vaccine for HPV is utterly destroying the lives of thousands of paralyzed , injured , and killed young girls and boys suspect one thing : they suspect Merck is part of an agenda to damage people on purpose , in this same vein of population control we saw in the old age of Merck .
So a question to ask is : could Merck today be complicit with an agenda to poison people ? Either deliberate or not , they are undeniably injuring and killing thousands of people , as you can find in VAERS vaccine injury reports or anywhere else you search .
The RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland ( RND ) reported that Thomas de Maizière had written up a draft proposal for the interior minister conference , taking place next week in Leipzig , which they have called “ the legal duty for third parties to allow for secret surveillance . ”
According to the RND , the proposal would “ dramatically extend ” the state 's powers to spy on its citizens .
The Interior Minister has been motivated to propose a new law by the fact that it is becoming ever more difficult for the intelligence agencies to break through the security systems which protect privacy on digital devices .
For example , the modern locking systems on cars are so intelligent that they even warn a driver if their car is shaken a little bit . De Maizière wants the new law to ensure that these alerts would not be sent out to a car owner if the police determined it to be justified by their investigation .
But the parameters of the proposed law are reportedly much wider . De Maizière also wants the security services to have the ability to spy on any device connected to the internet . Tech companies would have to give the state `` back door '' access to private tablets and computers , and even to smart TVs and digital kitchen systems .
The security services would need the authorization of a judge to hack into any of these devices .
The proposal was met with astonishment by digital activists and politicians on Friday .
The draft law is “ a frontal attack on the digital and physical security of all citizens , ” Frank Rieger , spokesperson for the Chaos Computer Club ( CCC ) told netzpolitik.org . “ Access to the IT system of a car means danger to life and limb - it is a literal kill switch . ”
“ The Interior Minister 's plans sounds like an Orwellian nightmare . Soon all flats in Germany will be equipped with devices which are potential wiretaps , ” Konstantin von Notz , deputy faction leader of the Green Party , told Spiegel .
“ We need to think really hard about the fact that we are a country with two dictatorships in its recent history . Do we want to live in a land where there is no privacy and where the state can interfere wherever it is technologically possible ? ” they asked .
The San Jose Earthquakes are pursuing Georgia international Valeri Qazaishvili , according to multiple sources .
The San Jose Earthquakes are in pursuit of Georgia international midfielder Valeri Qazaishvili and hope to sign them to a Designated Player contract ahead of the summer transfer window , multiple sources have confirmed to ESPN FC .
Dutch outlet De Gelderlander was the first to report the link . One league source indicated that the deal is `` 98 percent '' complete .
Qazaishvili , 24 , has been on the books of Eredivisie side Vitesse since 2011 , but spent the bulk of last season on loan to Polish Ekstraklasa side Legia Warsaw . With Legia , Qazaishvili made 16 league and cup appearances , scoring one goal . During parts of six seasons with Vitesse , Qazaishvili made 122 league and cup appearances , scoring 28 goals .
Qazaishvili has been a Georgia international since 2014 , making 25 appearances and scoring four goals . During Georgia 's World Cup qualifying campaign , Qazaishvili has played in a wide midfield role in the team 's 4-2-3-1 formation , while occasionally operating as a central playmaker .
Acquiring an attacking midfielder has been a priority for San Jose GM Jesse Fioranelli ever since they were hired in January . San Jose signed midfielder Jhamir Hyka , along with forwards Marco Urena and Danny Hoesen in the offseason , and the Quakes ' attack has improved to a degree , tied for ninth in MLS with 9.25 chances created per game .
But creating quality chances has been an issue , as the team ranks 19th in the 22-team league with 1.15 expected goals per game .
Jeff Carlisle covers MLS and the U.S. national team for ESPN FC . Follow them on Twitter @ JeffreyCarlisle .
Mitch McConnell ( Reuters/Jonathan Ernst )
Mitch McConnell ( Reuters/Jonathan Ernst )
“ This is what passes for governance among Democrats these days : put the American people up against a wall , pick their pockets , and hope that in the midst of the scuffle they blame it—and the recession that would follow—on Republicans , ” McConnell said .
This is rich , in an unbelievable can-he-really-be-that-hypocritical kind of way . Here 's Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell on Democratic threats to let the Bush tax cuts expire and the automatic spending cuts kick in at the end of the year : Gosh , that sounds awfully familiar . How many times have Republicans taken the nation 's economy hostage in hopes of wrecking it and President Obama 's hopes of reelection ? That was on extending unemployment benefits , on giving middle-class taxpayers a bit of a break with the payroll tax holiday , on the things that actually put a little bit of extra money into the pockets of everyday Americans .
That 's not all , though . McConnell also says :
“ I do n't think playing Russian roulette with the economy is a smart thing to do , ” the Kentuckian said Monday night on “ On the Record with Greta Van Susteren. ” “ We need to be responsible here . Everybody knows what we need to do at the end of the year . We need not raise anybody 's taxes , particularly we do not want to raise taxes on almost a million of our most important and effective small businesses . ”
I think some of our members may have thought the default issue was a hostage you might take a chance at shooting . Most of us did n't think that . What we did learn is this—it 's a hostage that 's worth ransoming . And it focuses the Congress on something that must be done .
Let 's take a short trip back in time , to when Republicans were ready to let the country go into default , and McConnell 's strategy then Remember what happened when they were holding the debt ceiling hostage for ransom ? How the U.S. credit rating was downgraded for the first time in history ? That was worth ransoming for McConnell . But talking about letting tax rates revert to the levels they were at during the Clinton boom years is `` Russian roulette . ''
McConnell sure has made it clear where their loyalties lie .
As South Carolina 's Republican primary election draws nearer , Mike Huckabee has ratcheted up their appeals to the racial nationalism of white evangelicals . `` You do n't like people from outside the state coming in and telling you what to do with your flag , '' the former Arkansas governor told a Myrtle Beach crowd on January 17 , referring to the Confederate flag . `` If somebody came to Arkansas and told us what to do with our flag , we 'd tell them what to do with the pole . That 's what we 'd do . ''
Making coded appeals to white racism is nothing new for Huckabee . Indeed , well before they were a nationally known political star , Huckabee nurtured a relationship with America 's largest white supremacist group , the Council of Conservative Citizens . The extent of Huckabee 's interaction with the racist group is unclear , but this much is known : they accepted an invitation to speak at the group 's annual conference in 1993 and ultimately delivered a videotaped address that was `` extremely well received by the audience . ''
Descended from the White Citizens Councils that battled integration in the Jim Crow South , including at Arkansas ' Little Rock High School , the Council ( or CofCC ) has been designated a `` hate group '' by the Southern Poverty Law Center .
In its `` Statement of Principles , '' the CofCC declares , `` We also oppose all efforts to mix the races of humankind , to promote non-white races over the European-American people through so-called `` affirmative action '' and similar measures , to destroy or denigrate the European-American heritage , including the heritage of the Southern people , and to force the integration of the races . ''
The CofCC has hosted several conservative Republican legislators at its conferences , including former Representative Bob Barr of Georgia and Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi . But mostly it has been a source of embarrassment to Republicans hoping to move their party beyond its race-baiting image . Former Reagan speechwriter and conservative pundit Peggy Noonan pithily declared that anyone involved with the CofCC `` does not deserve to be in a leadership position in America . ''
During a lengthy phone conversation in 2006 , CofCC founder and former White Citizens Council organizer Gordon Lee Baum detailed for me Huckabee 's dalliances with their group . Baum told me that Huckabee eagerly accepted their invitation to speak at the CofCC 's 1993 national convention in Memphis , Tennessee .
Huckabee 's plan was complicated , however , when Arkansas Gov . Jim Guy Tucker journeyed out of state and appointed a state senator to preside over the governorship . The Arkansas state legislature passed a resolution forbidding the lieutenant governor from leaving Arkansas until Tucker returned , thus preventing Huckabee from attending the CofCC 's conference .
In lieu of their appearance , according to Baum , Huckabee `` sent an audio/video presentation saying ' I ca n't be with you but I 'd like to be speaker next time . ' '' ( The CofCC promptly replaced Huckabee with Michael Ramirez , a right-wing cartoonist whose work is currently syndicated to 400 newspapers by the Copley News Service . )
Baum 's account of Huckabee 's videotaped message was confirmed by a CofCC newsletter obtained by Edward Sebesta , a veteran observer of the neo-Confederate movement . `` Ark . Lt . Governor Mike Huckabee , unable to leave Arkansas by law because the Governor was absent from the state , sent a terrific videotape speech , which was viewed and extremely well received by the audience , '' the 1993 newsletter ( Vol . 24 , No . 3 ) reported .
The following year , in 1994 , the CofCC held its national conference in Little Rock , Arkansas to accommodate Huckabee . According to Baum , Huckabee initially agreed to speak before their group , but became apprehensive when the Arkansas media reported that they would be joined on the CofCC 's podium by Kirk Lyons , a white nationalist legal activist who has hailed Hitler as `` probably the most misunderstood man in German history . ''
`` He did n't know anything about Kirk Lyons or anyone else , '' Baum said of Huckabee . `` He said they would show up if we took Lyons off . ''
But Baum refused to remove their friend Lyons from the bill . Huckabee , who was more concerned about receiving bad publicity than by the racist underpinnings of the CofCC , withdrew their promise to speak . The CofCC replaced them this time with former Arkansas Supreme Court Justice Jim Johnson , a White Citizens Council founder who organized the mob that rioted against the integration of Little Rock High School and later served as the star narrator of Rev . Jerry Falwell 's discredited film , `` The Clinton Chronicles . ''
In the end , Huckabee 's aborted relationship with the CofCC benefited the group . `` We had the biggest crowd in our history because of the publicity '' surrounding Huckabee 's planned appearance , Baum said of their 1994 conference .
The CofCC has since rebuked Huckabee for their insufficiently intolerant political behavior . Unfortunately , Huckabee has never rebuked the CofCC . Instead they embraced the group , ignoring its well known legacy of promoting racism and only severing ties when their political ambitions were threatened by bad publicity .
The Washington Redskins already announced that Robert Griffin III would n't start Sunday against the Cleveland Browns , but they wo n't be available at all .
Rapoport : Week 15 game rankings What 's the best game on the Week 15 slate ? The worst ? Ian Rapoport provides a pecking order in their Rap Sheet Rankings .
What 's the best game on the Week 15 slate ? The worst ? provides a pecking order in their Rap Sheet Rankings . More ...
A Redskins source told NFL.com 's Albert Breer that RG3 will not dress , as the team is being extra cautious with the injured lateral collateral ligament in the rookie 's right knee .
So , it 's all on Kirk Cousins . Offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan surely will lean on Alfred Morris and the running game , but they ca n't hide Cousins . And they ca n't play tentative .
The Redskins need wins to make the playoffs and have no room for error . Cousins will have to make plays to win on the road . Veteran Rex Grossman will be the backup .
Follow Kareem Copeland on Twitter @ kareemcopeland .
There 's still a whole host of unresolved questions about Chris Christie 's “ Bridgegate , ” but it suffices to say that he 's in trouble . Their virtuoso press conference aside , it 's still true that key figures in their administration—with or without their direction—crippled traffic on a major bridge for petty political reasons . And given the breadth of this scandal and long-standing questions about Christie 's relationship with the truth , there 's little doubt of further revelations .
To wit , in a segment on yesterday 's edition of MSNBC 's Up ( I was a guest ) , Steve Kornacki connected the lane closings with a $ 1 billion development project in Fort Lee . At the least , given the available evidence , this will prompt new questions and a renewed look into Christie 's background and dealings . Indeed , a federal agency review into the governor 's use of Hurricane Sandy funds—announced this morning—might be a sign of things to come .
But this has n't stopped Christie 's Republican allies from coming to their defense and dismissing “ Bridgegate ” as a big nothingburger , or at least , no worse than anything we 've seen from the Obama administration . “ I think they did themselves a lot of good , ” said Karl Rove while discussing the governor 's response on Fox News Sunday , “ I think they did themselves some good by contrasting with the normal , routine way of handing these things , which is to be evasive , to sort of trim on the edges . ”
Rove 's point of comparison ? Benghazi . “ You 'll notice we have n't been hearing a lot from the Clinton camp about this , ” they said . “ Contrast both with Bill Clinton and Secretary Hillary Clinton 's handling of Benghazi . ”
Likewise , former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani has emerged as a prominent Christie defender , dismissing Bridgegate as analogous to the White House IRS scandal of last spring . “ The people in the IRS thought President Obama wanted them to do this . President Obama did n't want them to do this . But they got the sense because of that culture that they were supposed to target right-wing groups . It was totally wrong , ” said Giuliani .
What 's odd about this defense , from Rove and Giuliani , is that it 's not a defense at all . Unless they 've dismissed Benghazi and the IRS investigations as real scandals , then they 've all but conceded the seriousness of “ Bridgegate . ”
The problem is that , outside of the right-wing media , neither Benghazi nor the IRS incident are real scandals . After intensive coverage on both , most reporters and partisan investigators came away empty-handed . They uncovered problems , yes—a directionless and overworked IRS office , a State Department caught off-guard—but nothing like the deliberate retribution and thuggishness we 've seen from the Christie aides .
Republicans can try to change the subject , but the fact remains that there is something here . There really was an abuse of power from the governor 's office , and there remains a real chance that Christie was aware of it . If that 's true , their political career is over .
Which , it should be said , explains the rhetoric of Rove and others . Even with “ Bridgegate ” —and the corruption that seems to follow Chris Christie—GOP elites have not abandoned their belief in the pugnacious New Jersey governor , who they see as their ticket to the White House in 2016 . And as long as that 's true , we should expect to see a few more of these unconvincing defenses .
It pays to be a Navajo Nation police officer .
And now , thanks to the council 's Budget & Finance Committee it pays a little better .
The B & F Committee gave its okay for pay increases for the Navajo Nation 's Division of Public Safety . It was the last committee approval needed for the pay hikes to become final .
The new payscale will be based on performance grading , Public Safety Director Jesse Delmar said . The Public Safety department will have a specific salary schedule within the 2017 budget instructions manual .
The move would allow the NNDPS to utilize Public Law 638 contract funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs to pay for the salary increases .
“ We were n't using that for years and years , ” Delmar said . NNDPS pay was n't handled well , they added .
Now the payscale will be based on years of experience , job performance and other factors , Delmar said .
Navajo Police Chief Philip Francisco also approves the new format .
One vocal critic is Navajo Nation Delegate Leonard Tsosie , who is a member of the B & F Committee .
They see the new payscale as too top heavy . Tsosie said they would prefer to see the police officers on the street getting more of a raise rather than other personnel .
“ I ca n't believe what I am hearing . The Chief of Police does not support police officers , ” Tsosie said .
Tsosie insisted the new payscale was just keeping the status quo , rather than hiring more officers .
Delegate Tom Chee agreed with Tsosie .
Some Navajo Nation employees are making much more money than they should , they argued . Some people will walk away with pensions of around $ 900,000 , Chee said .
No police officers will get pensions anywhere close to that , they added .
The Clackamas Fred Meyer store went on lockdown Tuesday after one customer shot another in a grocery checkout line .
The gunshot victim , who was not identified , suffered non-life threatening leg injuries .
Clackamas County sheriff 's deputies arrested a suspect . They suffered a non-life threatening head wound in a struggle with another customer , officials said . The gunman was not identified .
Sgt . Adam Phillips , Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office spokesperson , said investigators are reviewing surveillance video to determine exactly what happened . They called the incident `` shocking , '' saying that a neighborhood department store would be the last place to expect violence .
`` Your grocery store , your park , the local bank -- it 's going to be shocking if something like this happens there , '' Phillips said .
The store reopened at about 8:15 p.m .
According to preliminary reports , a family was in line at the grocery checkout at the Clackamas Fred Meyer store ,
, around 3:40 p.m. , when they noticed a man in line behind them trying to watch them enter their personal identification number into the store 's computers . An argument then erupted and a single shot was fired .
`` I was helping a customer when I heard a loud gunshot , '' said one store employee . `` Then I saw people running . ''
Preliminary reports indicated that other customers in the store overwhelmed the gunman , disarmed them and detained them until deputies arrived . However , Phillips said they could not confirm those details until the videos are reviewed .
Phillips said counselors with the Trauma Intervention Program are on the scene , offering counseling to anyone upset by the incident .
Melinda Merrill , Fred Meyer 's director of public affairs , said counselors have been made available to employees and customers .
`` This just does n't happen very often , and it 's a hard thing to see , '' Merrill said .
They said it was the first shooting inside a Fred Meyer store since they joined the company seven years ago .
Merrill applauded the response by sheriff 's deputies and by store employees , securing the scene in a crisis and making sure that everyone was guided safely away from the grocery area .
`` The employees , from all appearances , responded by the book , '' Merrill said . `` By their adrenaline and impulse , they responded well . ''
Rachel Stark of The Oregonian contributed to this report .
--
Story highlights Spain 's Catalonia region bans bullfighting
Clashes occur between animal activists and pro-bullfighting protesters
Bullfighting is a centuries-old tradition in Spain
Catalonia is the second autonomous region in Spain to ban the sport
In the sandy arena of Catalonia 's La Monumental bullring , the traditional bugle signaled the end of an era Sunday as Barcelona hosted its last bullfight .
The ornate facility from the early 1900s hosted some of Spain 's most drama-packed bullfights , but last year Catalonia 's parliament banned the heavily symbolic yet deadly sport associated with Iberian culture for centuries .
In Sunday 's final spectacle , a roaring crowd of fans watched as the matador Jose Tomas , in their traditional `` suit of lights , '' rang down the curtain and bade farewell .
The sold-out bullfight became a different type of show as animal-rights advocates protested outside the La Monumental , often clashing with pro-bullfighting supporters and calling the sport cruel .
Inside La Monumental , crowds swarmed the ring , pocketing handfuls of sand as souvenirs , Spain 's state-run TVE reported , while outside the arena police tried to separate pro- and anti-bullfighting activists .
JUST WATCHED Bullfighting ends in Catalonia Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bullfighting ends in Catalonia 01:28
`` We Catalans do not want bullfighting anymore , '' said a protester . `` Finally , it 's over , '' they said .
Bullfighting opponents also protested the fact that many bullfights are sponsored by public funds , an aberration to some during Spain 's financial crisis .
Bullfighting is an ancient sport that , according to Catalonian historians , dates to biblical times . And while it is now history in Catalonia , it is still legal in many other parts of Spain .
To some Spaniards , bullfighting is synonymous with Spanish culture , an art form immortalized in the paintings of Francisco de Goya and Edouard Manet and several authors .
American writer Ernest Hemingway was a passionate follower of the sport while living in Spain .
`` Nobody ever lives their life all the way up except for bullfighters , '' Hemingway wrote in `` The Sun Also Rises . ''
Supporters of the corridas -- as bullfights are known in Spain -- maintain hopes of overturning the ban on constitutional grounds .
`` I think it is terrible to ban bullfighting here because it is part of our culture , '' said a pro-bullfighting activist outside La Monumental .
Animal-rights advocates disagree , claiming it is a sadistic sport resulting in the torture and abuse of the bull for the purpose of public voyeurism .
Spain 's state-run TVE has stopped airing the sport , claiming it is too violent for children .
Catalonia , in northeast Spain , is the second autonomous region in the country to ban the sport . The Canary Islands in 1991 became the first in Spain to ban bullfighting .
Bullfighting also is common in neighboring Portugal .
YANGON/KUALA LUMPUR ( Reuters ) - Residents of Myanmar 's low-lying delta region were bracing on Wednesday as flood waters from the north of the country began to flow into the area , pushing river levels dangerously high .
More than 250,000 people have been affected and 69 killed by flooding that was triggered last week by monsoon rains , the Ministry of Social Welfare , Relief and Resettlement said .
The Myanma Ahlin newspaper , which carried the ministry 's statement , also reported that water had risen above spillways at 40 dams across the country .
The government issued a flood warning for people living in the Ayeyarwady delta in Myanmar 's southwest .
According to the Global New Light of Myanmar , elderly people , women and children were being moved out of dangerous areas .
Kyaw Moe Oo , a deputy director from the Department of Meteorology and Hydrology , said the impact of the water inflows could be widespread .
“ The whole Ayeyarwady delta region might be affected , ” they said .
Myanmar 's Metrological Department said on Wednesday that some rivers in the region were 2-3.5 feet ( .6-1 meter ) higher than was safe and water levels were expected to rise another 6 inches ( 15 cm ) in coming days .
The Ayeyarwady delta is Myanmar 's major rice producing area and the United Nations has raised concern over the country 's food security .
According to the Myanma Ahlin , more than 1.1 million acres ( 4,451 sq km ) of farmland , most of it rice paddies , have been flooded . More than 65,000 acres have been destroyed .
The government appealed for international aid to bolster relief its efforts on Monday and U . S Secretary of State John Kerry said on Wednesday the United States would announce an aid package .
Speaking in Kuala Lumpur , Kerry said that the U.S. embassy in Yangon was working closely with Myanmar officials to determine priorities for aid .
“ We express our hopes that the impact of this can obviously be dealt with minimal further loss of life and disruption , ” Kerry told a meeting with Southeast Asian foreign ministers they co-chaired with Myanmar 's foreign minister Wunna Maung Lwin .
An aerial view of a part of Sittwe city at Sittwe , Rakhine state , August 5 , 2015 . REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Myanmar 's call for international relief marked a major change from 2008 when the then-military government shunned most outside help in the wake of Cyclone Nargis , which killed 130,000 people .
Japan , through the Japan International Cooperation Agency ( JICA ) , said it would provide blankets , mattresses and plastic sheets following the government 's appeal for help .
The Chinese embassy in Yangon has also been distributing relief supplies this week .
The Senate is poised to vote as early as next week on the USA Freedom Act , legislation that would end the National Security Agency 's bulk collection of records about Americans ' phone calls .
If passed , it may be voted on by the House and signed into law by year 's end , fulfilling one of President Obama 's major asks of Congress : that it adopt such legislation .
Passage would also clear the decks for incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) , who has an ambitious legislative agenda , including trade , taxes and building the long-delayed Keystone XL pipeline .
The bill , after months of tense negotiations , won the support of the intelligence community and civil liberties organizations — a rare consensus by groups that are normally at odds with one another .
Introduced in July , it stalled for months as advocates , including Sen. Patrick J. Leahy ( D-Vt. ) , the Judiciary Committee chairperson , sought to overcome concerns that the bill either hindered the intelligence community or did not provide adequate privacy protections .
If it becomes law , the bill would close a chapter in a vigorous , year-and-a-half-long debate over how far the government should go in gathering data on Americans to thwart terrorism and obtain foreign intelligence .
That debate began in June 2013 , following a leak of a classified court order to The Guardian newspaper , which revealed that the NSA had been secretly collecting millions of Americans ' call detail records each day from U.S. phone companies for counterterrorism purposes . The agency gathers times , dates and durations of calls , but not their content .
The story was followed by a series of more disclosures about NSA surveillance activities , which were based on documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden .
Snowden , who is living under temporary asylum in Moscow , said they shared the classified material with journalists , including at The Washington Post , to shine light on what they considered to be a system of mass surveillance that was growing unchecked .
“ The American people are wondering whether Congress can get anything done , ” Leahy said Wednesday , after Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D-Nev. ) filed a procedural motion for the Senate to consider the bill . “ The answer is yes . Congress can and should take up and pass the bipartisan USA Freedom Act , without delay . ”
The bill requires the government to limit the scope of its data collection , and specifies that the government may not gather in bulk data relating to a particular phone or Internet company or to a broad geographic region , such as a city or an area designated by a zip code or area code .
It would end the current program in which the NSA gathers and stores the records of millions of Americans for five years . Instead the bill requires that the data be held by the phone companies .
It authorizes the use of Section 215 of the Patriot Act to obtain two “ hops ” of call detail records — or records of phone calls made by the people who were called by the target — as long as the government has reasonable , articulable suspicion that the target number belongs to a terrorist .
The bill also requires the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , in consultation with the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board , to appoint a panel of special advocates to advance legal positions in support of privacy .
Image copyright AP Image caption Health authorities in Brazil have been fumigating a stadium in Rio
US health officials have issued new guidance to deal with the Zika virus , which is feared to cause birth defects .
Brazil has seen a surge in babies born with abnormally small heads , a condition known as microcephaly .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has warned the mosquito-borne virus could spread across the Americas .
US doctors are being advised to closely monitor ultrasounds of pregnant women who have travelled to areas where Zika has been transmitted .
The guidance , from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , says babies born with microcephaly to mothers exposed to Zika should be tested for the virus .
No treatment or vaccine is available .
Pregnant Britons warned about Zika areas
There have not been any cases of Zika contracted from mosquitoes on the US mainland , but the Aedes aegypti type that spreads it is found in the country .
The US territory of Puerto Rico reported 18 new cases of the virus on Tuesday , although none were pregnant women .
Authorities in the state of Arkansas also said a person who recently travelled out of the US had tested positive for Zika .
More on the Zika virus :
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Zika virus has been linked to infant microcephaly , which can hamper brain development
Zika : What you need to know
Mothers ' fears amid outbreak
'The worst day of my life '
The alarming threat of Zika virus
Meanwhile Brazilian authorities have been fumigating the Sambadrome stadium in Rio de Janeiro , due to host the city 's famous carnival next month .
The US and other countries advise pregnant women to reconsider travelling to Brazil , which hosts the Olympics later this year , and other Zika-hit countries .
Brazil 's government says it will deploy 220,000 soldiers in its fight against mosquitoes spreading the virus .
The troops will be dispatched next month to hand out leaflets and give advice on how to eradicate mosquito breeding grounds .
Brazilian Health Minister Marcelo Castro said the spread of Zika was one of the greatest public health crises in their country 's history , warning Brazil was already `` losing badly '' in its battle .
What is Zika virus ?
Spread by the Aedes aegypti mosquito , which also carries dengue fever and yellow fever
mosquito , which also carries dengue fever and yellow fever First discovered in Africa in the 1940s but is now spreading in Latin America
Scientists say there is growing evidence of a link to microcephaly , that leads to babies being born with small heads
Can lead to fever and a rash but most people show no symptoms , and there is no known cure
Only way to fight Zika is to clear stagnant water where mosquitoes breed , and protect against mosquito bites
Symptoms of Zika include mild fever , conjunctivitis and headache and the virus has already been found in 21 countries in the Caribbean , North and South America .
There have been 3,893 reported cases of microcephaly in Brazilian babies since October compared with the previous annual average of just 160 cases .
While a causal link between a Zika infection during pregnancy and microcephaly has not been definitively proven , the WHO said evidence suggesting a connection was `` extremely worrisome '' .
Has the travel advice to stay away from South America if you are pregnant or trying to start a family put you off visiting the region ? Have you cancelled any travel plans ? Email your thoughts to haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk
If you are willing to speak further to a BBC journalist , please include a contact telephone number , or you can WhatsApp us on +44 7525 900971 .
MILWAUKEE — The steal of the draft is now facing rehab .
In a big blow to their development , Knicks rookie forward Cleanthony Early underwent arthroscopic surgery Tuesday to remove a loose fragment from their right knee . They are expected to be out at least a month to six weeks .
The injury was diagnosed following an MRI exam earlier Tuesday , but coach Derek Fisher said the Bronx native had mentioned discomfort during training camp . Early , who went to high school at Pine Bush in Orange County , will be reevaluated in a month to determine the timetable for their return , the team announced .
“ I don ' t think it 's been bothering them for a while — maybe in preseason they mentioned it kind of in passing , '' Fisher said . “ We feel bad for Cle , just because he 's a young guy who 's been doing everything we 've asked them to do . They come early to practice every morning and was working hard . I hate to see them go through this setback . He 'll bounce back fine . We 'll miss him , but he 'll be good . ''
The second-round pick out of Wichita State — the first draft selection of the Phil Jackson era — has appeared in seven games this season for a total of 54 minutes . The 34th overall pick , whom some experts considered a steal after falling out of the first round , started the season out of the rotation but has made spot appearances .
Early , 23 , has averages of 2.7 points , 1.0 rebounds and 0.6 assists while connecting on 7-of-20 shots , including 4-of-10 from 3-point land .
They probably will play rehab games with the Knicks ' D-League squad in Westchester upon their return from injury next month .
Team orthopedist Answorth Allen performed the surgery in New York .
On the state of their team 's poor 3-point defense , Fisher reiterated it 's not the priority .
“ What we 're trying to do is help our team understand it 's the paint , rim and free throws , second chance and transition points that ultimately beat you , '' Fisher said , going against the recent analytics trend . “ If a team does hit 3s , that 's not the one factor that determines wins or losses . I do n't want to send a message we want to stand around and watch people shoot threes . I think we have to protect our paint first and we can improve on our ability to close out with technique and effort . ''
Whether you 're just getting started in the gaming world or you 're upgrading your system , you can find the gaming console that 's right for you at Best Buy . Experience everything that Xbox One has to offer , including the popular Gears of War series . Xbox Live is the service that allows you to play online with friends in games like Fortnite , PLAYERUNKNOWN 'S BATTLEGROUNDS and more with membership in Xbox Live Gold . If you 're interested in the wide array of PS4 games , we have you covered . PlayStation delivers blockbuster franchises like God of War and The Last of Us . This popular console is also your gateway to PlayStation Plus membership , which features free game downloads . The Nintendo Switch console is an ideal way to enjoy the interactive worlds of Mario , Zelda , and other popular franchises .
21.08.2013
Von der Satire-Partei zur FDP und zurück : Der Fall des Bernd Sandner Bavaria
Mit der FDP wollte Bernd Sandner ernsthaft Politik machen . Doch dann kam die Sache mit der `` Partei '' des Magazins Titanic .
Von Claudia Stegmann
Humorlosigkeit kann man Bernd Sandner nun wirklich nicht unterstellen . Im Gegenteil : Der 41-Jährige aus Weichering ( Landkreis Neuburg-Schrobenhausen ) liebt den schrägen Humor . Nicht ohne Grund hat er es deshalb bei der „ Partei “ bis zum Generalsekretär honoris causa geschafft .
Die Splitterpartei , die 2004 von Redakteuren des Satiremagazins Titanic gegründet wurde , zeichnet sich vor allem durch eines aus : Ihr Programm ist inhaltsleer und populistisch – so wie das aller anderen Parteien auch . Sagt die „ Partei “ . Und deshalb darf sie auch den Wiederaufbau der Mauer fordern , die Einführung einer Faulenquote propagieren oder ihre Jugendgruppierung „ Hintnerjugend “ nennen . In der Welt der Satire muss Humor wehtun dürfen . Das kann man witzig finden oder nicht .
Bernd Sandner fand das witzig . 2008 wollte er als Stimmkreiskandidat der Satiriker in den Landtag einziehen . Sein Ziel : Der „ Partei “ zur Alleinherrschaft in Bavaria zu verhelfen und Roberto Blanco zum Bundespräsidenten zu machen .
Die Kreisvorsitzende lobte seine liberalen Ansichten
Doch 2011 hatte Sandner keine Lust mehr auf lustig sein . Er wollte endlich ernsthaft Politik machen , weil es in der „ Partei “ doch nur um Spaß und Alkohol ginge , wie er selbst sagte . Den Grünen hatte er schon in den 90ern den Rücken gekehrt , jetzt probierte er es bei der FDP – ausgerechnet jener Partei , mit der die „ Partei “ niemals zusammenarbeiten würde , „ weil wir keine Spaßpartei sind “ , wie Vorsitzender Martin Sonneborn nimmermüde betont .
Sei 's drum : Sandner trat in den FDP-Kreisverband in Neuburg-Schrobenhausen ein , wurde stellvertretender Kreisvorsitzender und schließlich auch zum Direktkandidaten für die Bezirkstagswahl gekürt . Die FDP-Kreischefin lobte ihn für seine liberalen Ansichten und sein Engagement . Dass dieses allerdings über die FDP hinaus geht , hatte sie nicht vermutet .
In seiner Freizeit war sich Sandner nämlich nicht zu schade , einer ehemaligen „ Partei “ -Kollegin unter die Arme zu greifen . Bewaffnet mit Unterschriftenliste und zwei Flaschen Likör , kam der FDP-Mann an einem sonnigen Sonntagnachmittag an den Weicheringer Badesee und machte Werbung für die „ Partei “ . Die Aussicht auf ein Becherchen Eierlikör sollte die Bereitschaft zur Unterschrift erhöhen – was bei dem einen oder anderen Badegast auch funktionierte . „ Eigentlich habe ich davon keine Ahnung ! “ , gab ein Mann unumwunden zu , während er seine Unterschrift nichtsdestotrotz auf das Blatt Papier setzte . Doch Sandner störte das nicht : „ Macht nix , dann sind Sie genau richtig bei uns ! Unwissenheit unterstützen wir ! “ Zur Belohnung gab 's einen Lutscher obendrauf .
Auf eine Entschuldigung hoffte die FDP vergebens
Dass der Vize-Chef im Landkreis öffentlich an einem Badesee „ fremd ging “ , sorgte bei den Liberalen für wenig Begeisterung . Auch Sandner verging das Lachen , als unsere Zeitung darüber berichtete . Die ersten Reaktionen seinerseits waren deshalb eher Abwehrversuche als Erklärungen . „ Ich steht dazu und ich würde es jederzeit wieder machen – auch für die Piraten oder sonst wen “ , verteidigte er sich . Gemeint war die Hilfestellung beim Überwinden einer Hürde : Splitterparteien , die beispielsweise in den Bundestag einziehen wollen , müssen zuvor mindestens 200 Unterstützungsunterschriften vorweisen . Und eben aus diesem Grund habe er seiner „ Partei “ -Freundin geholfen .
Als die FDP-Führungsspitze auch Tage später kein Wort der Entschuldigung oder Einsicht ihres Bezirkstagskandidaten zu hören bekam , sondern sich stattdessen im Internet „ Verleumdungen “ vorwerfen lassen musste , platzte den ansonsten so Liberalen der Kragen : Spätestens nach den Wahlen sollte der Parteiausschluss vorangetrieben werden .
Dem kam Sandner allerdings zuvor . In einem knappen Satz teilte er der FDP mit , dass er zum 1 . September austritt – auf einem Briefpapier der „ Partei “ . Spätestens zu diesem Zeitpunkt dürfte Sandner seinen Humor wieder gefunden haben .
Themen Folgen
Statins are associated with a significant improvement in erectile function , a fact researchers hope will encourage men who need statins to reduce their risk of heart attack to take them , according to research to be presented at the American College of Cardiology 's 63rd Annual Scientific Session .
Erectile dysfunction is common in older men , especially among those with cardiovascular risk factors where cholesterol-lowering statins are frequently prescribed . Previous research has suggested a negative association between statin therapy and testosterone levels , leading to questions about the effects of these widely used medications on the quality of erection .
In the first meta-analysis of previous studies on erectile dysfunction and statins , researchers identified 11 randomized , controlled trials that measured erectile function using the International Inventory of Erectile Function - a self-administered survey with five questions , each scored on a five-point scale and totaled , with lower values representing poorer sexual function . Analysis of all 11 studies combined found a statistically significant effect of statins on erectile function in men who had both high cholesterol and erectile dysfunction . Overall , erectile function scores increased by 3.4 points in men who took statins ( from 14.0 to 17.4 , a 24.3 percent increase ) .
`` The increase in erectile function scores with statins was approximately one-third to one-half of what has been reported with drugs like Viagra , Cialis or Levitra , '' said John B. Kostis , M.D. , director of the Cardiovascular Institute and associate dean for Cardiovascular Research at Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School , and the lead investigator of the study .
`` It was larger than the reported effect of lifestyle modification , '' Kostis said . `` For men with erectile dysfunction who need statins to control cholesterol , this may be an extra benefit . ''
Researchers believe that statins may work to improve erectile function by helping blood vessels dilate properly and improving vascular blood flow to the penis , which is often restricted in men with erectile dysfunction . While statins are not recommended as a primary treatment for erectile dysfunction in patients with healthy cholesterol levels , the added benefit may encourage more men who need statins to take them . Millions of Americans are prescribed statins to prevent heart disease , but some stop taking the medication or take less than the prescribed dose , Kostis said . Rather than preventing the possibility of a heart attack in the future , the more immediate benefit of improving erectile function might improve adherence to statin therapy , they added .
Erectile dysfunction affects an estimated 18 million to 30 million men and occurs more often in men over the age of 40 . Common causes include heart disease , high cholesterol , high blood pressure , diabetes , obesity , tobacco use , depression and stress .
Kostis said that larger randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the link between statin therapy and erectile function .
This study will be simultaneously published online in the Journal of Sexual Medicine at the time of presentation .
# # #
The ACC 's Annual Scientific Session brings together cardiologists and cardiovascular specialists from around the world each year to share the newest discoveries in treatment and prevention . Follow @ ACCMediaCenter and # ACC14 for the latest news from the meeting .
The American College of Cardiology is a nonprofit medical society comprised of 47,000 physicians , surgeons , nurses , physician assistants , pharmacists and practice managers . The College is dedicated to transforming cardiovascular care , improving heart health and advancing quality improvement , patient-centered care , payment innovation and professionalism . The ACC also leads the formulation of important cardiovascular health policy , standards and guidelines . It bestows credentials upon cardiovascular specialists , provides professional education , supports and disseminates cardiovascular research , and operates national registries to measure and promote quality care . For more information , visit CardioSource.org .
Kostis will present the study , `` Effect of Statins on Erectile Function , '' on Saturday , March 29 at 1:30 p.m. EDT in Hall C .
Story highlights The four people were held for several hours before being released , an official says
The Americans had driven away from checkpoint , a Libyan official says
The four were augmenting security at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , a U.S. official said
They were believed detained by the Interior Ministry , an official said
The Libyan government on Saturday defended its brief detention of four U.S. military personnel in western Libya , saying they were taken into custody after two vehicles in an American convoy sped off from a checkpoint .
When the three-vehicle convoy was stopped Friday near al-Aijalat , officials discovered that one of the vehicles carried two Americans who were armed , said Abdulfattah Saleh , director of national security in the department of Sabratha , about 50 miles west of Tripoli .
As the two were being questioned , the other cars in the convoy drove off , Saleh said . One of the vehicles that drove off caused an accident , they said .
The two who were being questioned as well as two occupants of the vehicle involved in the accident were detained and handed over to the Interior Ministry , Saleh said .
The four were detained for hours Friday before being released , U.S. officials said .
Earlier Saturday , State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said U.S. officials were `` still trying to ascertain the facts of the incident . ''
The four were in Libya `` augmenting security at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , '' a State Department official told CNN late Friday on condition of anonymity .
The detentions followed the U.S. announcement last month that it was stepping up military support for Libya 's fledgling security forces , which have been overwhelmed by militia violence and unrest since the overthrow of dictator Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 .
Popular sentiment against the various militias has been mounting for months in Tripoli and other parts of the country , including the eastern city of Benghazi , where increasing violence has included assassinations .
On September 11 , 2012 , U.S . Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in an attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi .
The United States has offered a reward of up to $ 10 million for information leading to the arrest of anyone involved in that attack . While U.S. authorities have filed charges in the case , no one has been arrested .
The detention of the four personnel followed reports of a U.S. military operation in October that saw members of the Army 's elite Delta Force launch a raid in Tripoli that captured Abu Anas al Libi , an alleged al Qaeda operative wanted for their role in the deadly 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa .
Libya 's interim government called their capture a kidnapping and demanded an explanation from Washington .
`` We value our relationship with the new Libya , '' Psaki said . `` We have a strategic partnership based on shared interests and our strong support for Libya 's historic democratic transition . ''
It was bad enough when Virginia Gov . Bob McDonnell proclaimed `` Confederate History Month '' without mentioning slavery , but at least they came to their senses and apologized . Mississippi Gov . Haley Barbour 's contention that the whole controversy `` does n't amount to diddly '' is much worse .
`` I do n't know what you would say about slavery , '' Barbour told CNN , `` but anybody that thinks that you have to explain to people that slavery is a bad thing , I think that goes without saying . ''
And that 's the problem -- Barbour thinks it `` goes without saying . '' The governor of the state whose population includes the nation 's highest percentage of African Americans believes it is appropriate to `` honor '' those who fought for the Confederacy . Clearly , they have no problem revisiting the distant past . Yet they see no reason to mention the vile , unthinkable practices -- state-sanctioned kidnapping , torture and rape -- that those Confederate soldiers were fighting to protect .
It amounts to much more than `` diddly '' that so many Americans try hard to avoid coming to terms with the reality of slavery . It was n't just `` a bad thing . '' Littering is a bad thing . Slavery was this nation 's Original Sin , and yet many people will not look at it except through a gauze of Spanish moss .
The Atlantic slave trade was one of the last millennium 's greatest horrors . An estimated 17 million Africans , most of them teenagers , were snatched from their families , stuffed into the holds of ships and brought to the New World . As many as 7 million of them died en route , either on the high seas or at `` seasoning '' camps in the Caribbean where they were `` broken '' to the will of their masters .
If they have never done so , Barbour should hold in their hands some of the leg irons , manacles and other restraints that were used to subdue the Africans . They should visit some of the plantations where slave cabins still stand -- there are plenty in their state -- to get a sense of how the Africans lived . They should spend a long , hot day picking cotton . They should read the accounts of plantation life written by former slaves , and then they should explain why there is any reason to `` honor '' soldiers who fought to perpetuate a system that could never have functioned without constant , deliberate , unflinching cruelty .
The point , of course , is not that Haley Barbour , Bob McDonnell or any other white Southerners living today are responsible for crimes committed long before they were born . They should n't have to feel guilty for things they did n't do . But they -- and the rest of us , too -- should know the extent to which the history of this country was shaped by what was euphemistically called the `` peculiar institution . '' Americans should know , for example , that Wall Street 's rise as a financial center was largely fueled by the cotton trade , which could not have functioned without slavery -- and that when the Civil War began , the mayor of New York , Fernando Wood , tried to find a way for the city to remain neutral so that it could continue its lucrative business dealings with the South .
What `` does n't amount to diddly '' is the revisionist notion -- which Confederate History Month celebrations perpetuate -- that the Civil War was about something other than slavery . The `` lost cause '' diehards insist that the treasonous rebellion was a fight over freedom or the Constitution or states ' rights . But the `` right '' that was being fought over was the ability to own human beings , compel their labor , buy and sell them as if they were livestock , exploit them sexually and torture or kill them if they tried to escape .
McDonnell 's apology , at least , recognized that slavery was nothing to be proud of . It should be noted , however , that Virginia 's previous two governors -- both Democrats -- did not feel the need to proclaim Confederate History Month . McDonnell 's original proclamation , before they amended it , seemed designed to appeal to a fringe group for whom the Civil War is still an open question .
This is a free country -- for black people , too , thanks to the defeat of the Confederacy -- and so if some white Southerners want to celebrate the `` heritage '' of slavery , they are welcome to do so . But while they 're entitled to their own set of opinions , they 're not entitled to their own set of facts . I 'd say that Haley Barbour 's studied ignorance was `` a bad thing , '' but that would be a gross understatement .
The writer will be online to chat with readers at 1 p.m. Eastern time Tuesday . Submit your questions and comments before or during the discussion .
Replacing Pingdom with Ruby and Heroku By Nando Vieira January 29 , 2016 Read in 3 minutes
Pingdom recently increased the price of the starting plan from $ 10 to $ 14 . Since they did n't keep the price for older customers , I decided to create something to replace it , because the new pricing is just too much for my personal sites .
This article shows how you can set up your own uptime checker and run it on Heroku for $ 7/month .
About uptime_checker
I created uptime_checker , which has less than 500 lines . The main features are :
Several notification mechanisms ( Telegram , Twitter 's Direct Message , E-mail , Slack , Hipchat , and more )
Easy to set up on Heroku
Easy to define the sites that will be monitored
The idea is pretty simple : hit the urls you define every 30s ( configurable ) and see if the site returns the expected status code . You can also check if the response contains a string . If the status/body is not what you expected , it notifies you .
Running uptime_check on Heroku is really easy and you wo n't need more than a few minutes , so let 's do it .
Setting up uptime_checker
First , you have to fork the repository , since you have to create your own branch with a configuration file . Go to Github and hit the “ Fork ” button .
Now , clone the repository and create a new branch : I 'll call it personal in this article .
$ git clone git @ github.com : < your username > /uptime_checker.yml $ cd uptime_checker $ git checkout -B personal
Copy the sample configuration file .
$ cp checkers.yml.sample checkers.yml
Open the checkers.yml file . This file is where you define all the sites that must be monitored . It supports ERB , so you can render dynamic variables . Here 's is my own configuration file .
notify : ¬ify - twitter : fnando - email : fnando.vieira @ gmail.com - stdout : ~ - telegram : -97517324 - noti : < % = ENV [ `` NOTI_FNANDO '' ] % > checkers : - name : Codeplane url : https : //codeplane.com/ notify : * notify status : 200 - name : Codeplane url : https : //codeplane.com.br/ notify : * notify status : 200 - name : Hellobits url : http : //hellobits.com/ notify : * notify status : 200 - name : HOWTO url : http : //howtocode.com.br/ notify : * notify status : 200 - name : Nando Vieira url : http : //nandovieira.com/ notify : * notify status : 200 - name : Nando Vieira url : https : //nandovieira.com.br/ notify : * notify status : 200 - name : Presentta url : https : //presentta.com.br/ notify : * notify status : 200
To avoid repeating the notifiers , I 'm using the shared block trick . You can have different notifications for each site you 're monitoring if you need .
Notice that I 'm expecting those sites to respond with a 200 status code , but you can also check if the response has some given text .
checkers : - name : Example url : http : //example.com notify : * notify status : 200 body : Some string
After you 're done , commit your changes .
$ git add . $ git commit -m `` Add checkers . '' $ git push origin personal
Deploying to Heroku
Deploying uptime_checker to Heroku is the easiest way you can have this running . Assuming you already Heroku configured , create a new application .
$ heroku create
Redis is required , so we need to add the add-on .
$ heroku addons : create heroku-redis
To receive e-mail notifications , you 'll also need Sendgrid .
heroku addons : create sendgrid : starter
I use Noti . If you check the checkers example above , you 'll see that I 'm using a NOTI_FNANDO environment variable . Let 's set that on Heroku :
$ heroku config : set NOTI_FNANDO=fc17d63d-5d3e-4532-98ed-b8047f0d5bc9
Now it 's time to deploy ! Since we 'll deploy the personal branch , you have to use the following command :
$ git push heroku personal : master
This means that the personal branch will be pushed as Heroku 's master .
To run this 24/7 ( $ 7/mo ) , we have to scale up our worker .
$ heroku ps : scale worker=1 $ heroku dyno : type worker=hobby
And we 're done ! You can check the logs with heroku logs -- tail .
app [ worker.1 ] : enabled_notifiers= '' email , noti , stdout , telegram , twitter '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : message= '' starting check '' url= '' https : //presentta.com.br/ '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : message= '' starting check '' url= '' https : //nandovieira.com.br/ '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : message= '' starting check '' url= '' http : //nandovieira.com/ '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : message= '' starting check '' url= '' http : //howtocode.com.br/ '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : message= '' starting check '' url= '' http : //hellobits.com/ '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : url= '' https : //codeplane.com/ '' message= '' check finished '' status= '' no changes '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : url= '' https : //codeplane.com.br/ '' message= '' check finished '' status= '' no changes '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : url= '' http : //howtocode.com.br/ '' message= '' check finished '' status= '' no changes '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : url= '' https : //nandovieira.com.br/ '' message= '' check finished '' status= '' no changes '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z '' app [ worker.1 ] : url= '' https : //presentta.com.br/ '' message= '' check finished '' status= '' no changes '' time= '' 2016-01-29T12:40:28Z ''
If you 're not into Heroku , you can also deploy it to a VPS . If you already know how to deploy a Rails application , you wo n't have any problem . Since this involves too many things , I leave this as an exercise to the reader .
Keeping up with master
You may want to keep up with master , getting all the fixes and new features ( if any ) . The workflow for updating your branch is pretty simple .
First , switch off to master and pull all the changes .
$ git checkout master $ git pull
Then switch back to personal and apply master ‘ s onto it .
$ git checkout personal $ git rebase master
Now , deploy the repository .
$ git push heroku personal : master -f
Wrapping up
That 's it ! If you have any suggestions or need help , just open an issue .
A Lithuanian haulier has been robbed at knife point by three migrants in Calais . The driver suffered cuts to their hands and was taken to hospital for treatment ; the migrants have not yet been apprehended .
The driver was attacked on Monday morning , shortly after arriving at a local garage to change a tyre on their truck . Their three assailants sprayed them repeatedly with tear gas before attacking them with the knife and making off with their wallet and mobile phone .
They were described by both the driver and a witness at the scene as “ migrants ” , Nord Littoral has reported .
The victim was then taken to hospital , where they underwent an operation for knife wounds on their hand . They have expressed a wish to press charges against their attackers , but so far their identities are unknown . Police are investigating CCTV footage of the incident in a bid to track them down .
David Sagnard , president of the National Federation of Road Transport for the Pas-de-Calais commented : “ The manager of the workshop called me at 2pm to inform me of the attack .
“ Extra security lighting will be installed at the site , and doors will be changed to increase security . Once again we are heavily investing to ensure the safety of employees and customers . ”
They added that , unfortunately , this is far from being the first incident of its kind in the area . “ What worries me is that we will see retaliations . I 'm afraid that one day , one of them [ the drivers ] will hit back . ”
Previously , levered hedge funds were forced to sell gold on stock margin calls . How long until today 's gold plunge , the largest 2-day drop in the past 30 years , forces funds to start selling stocks to meet margin clerks vocal demands some time around 2pm today ?
John Bougearel of Structural Logic chimes in :
Today is the largest one day decline from the previous day 's close @ -9.6 % . Volume is already north of 530,000 - another record with another 6 hours of electronic trade to go . There have been three rounds of liquidations . The first round was the Asian liquidation that ended at 9 am . The second round was the European liquidation that ended at 5 am . They are spaced 8 hours apart . At this rate , the US liquidation phase wo n't be complete until the London closing at 1230 pm CST , at least this is what that behavioral model suggests . You are witnessing an historical selling climax folks .
and the RSI shows gold to be the most oversold in 31 years ...
as Gold pushes down to the 50 % retracement of the 2008-2012 swing low-to-high ...
and the S & P in Gold terms broke 2009 resistance ( and perhaps explains more of the technical surge ) ...
Charts : Bloomberg
ATF director B. Todd Jones is stepping down amid the backlash surrounding the agency 's proposed AR-15 bullet ban .
Jones ' resignation will be effective at the end of March .
According to The Hill , Jones used the announcement of their resignation to push back against critics of the ATF who have come out in droves against the agency 's unsuccessful attempt to ban the M855 round :
ATF employees are hard-working , dedicated individuals who serve the public to make our national safer every day . I have seen firsthand their extraordinary commitment to combating violent crime , ridding the streets of criminals , and leveraging all available resources to keep our communities safe . I will truly miss leading and working side-by-side with these men and women in their pursuit of ATF 's unique law enforcement and regulatory mission .
On February 15 Breitbart News reported the ATF was proposing a ban of popular M855 rounds for AR-15 rifles . Two weeks later , Breitbart pointed to a New York Times ‘ article showing the ban had been in the works for years . Then , on March 5 , Breitbart reported that although the ATF claimed the ban would keep police officers safe , police organizations–like the Fraternal Order of Police–said the ban was not necessary .
On March 10 Breitbart News reported that the ATF halted the ban , announcing that they had received over 80,000 comments from the public and political office holders , the vast majority of which opposed the ban .
The Hill reported that just prior to the ATF 's decision to halt the ban , 53 Republican Senators sent a letter to Jones saying : “ Second Amendment rights require not only access to firearms , but to bullets . ”
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @ AWRHawkins . Reach them directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com .
Testing is important , and it 's hard to get people to do as much of it as they should . Testing tools matter because the smoother the process is , the more tests people will write .
Especially in the functional programming world , most of the talk about testing tools is focused on tools for property-based testing , like the various and sundry quickcheck-style systems . These are great , but sometimes , you do n't want to write down properties – what you want is to write your tests in terms of simple , concrete scenarios .
We 've recently added support for what we call expect tests , a kind of test optimized for this kind testing . Expect tests allow you to write test scenarios without having to manually write out the output generated by the code you 're testing . Instead , that output is captured and recorded automatically for you , in a way that makes it easy to integrate into the source of the test .
Our expect tests were inspired by Mercurial 's unified test format . Unified tests are designed for testing command-line tools like hg , and so are specialized to the shell .
Here 's an example using cram , an implementation of the unified test idea that is independent of Mercurial . Let 's say we want to test the UNIX sort command . We might start by writing a test file , simple.t , that looks like this .
Dump some lines into a file $ cat > colors < < HERE > red > yellow > green > HERE sort the file and dump to stdout $ sort colors
If you then run cram on this , cram will show you that the test failed by showing you a diff .
expect-test $ cram simple.t ! -- - simple.t +++ simple.t.err @ @ -10,5 +10,11 @ @ sort the file and dump to stdout $ sort colors + green + red + yellow
It also creates a new file , simple.t.err , which contains the output of running the script , intermixed with the script itself . You can accept the new version just by moving the err file over the original .
mv simple.t.err simple.t
If you run cram now , you 'll see that the tests pass .
$ cram simple.t . # Ran 1 tests , 0 skipped , 0 failed .
If we break the tests somehow , then the diff will show us exactly what failed . For example , if we replace sort with cat , here 's what Cram will show us :
bash-3.2 $ cram simple.t ! -- - simple.t +++ simple.t.err @ @ -10,7 +10,7 @ @ sort the file and dump to stdout $ cat colors - green red yellow + green # Ran 1 tests , 0 skipped , 1 failed .
Note how good the diff is for seeing how your test failed .
Starting with the development of Iron last year , we started using cram tests pretty extensively for command-line programs . We found it to be a very productive idiom , but it 's pretty awkward to apply outside of the command-line domain . That 's why we started thinking about how to get the benefits of cram , but in OCaml .
Breaking out of the shell
Unified tests are great for three reasons :
they let you combine the scenario and the output of that scenario ( and comments ) into one readable file
they help you construct the file automatically
they display test failures as easy-to-interpret diffs .
None of these advantages is tied to using the shell . To bring this to OCaml , though , we needed to figure out a reasonable way of embedding these tests in an OCaml program , without breaking all of the tooling . We did this by leveraging OCaml 's annotations , which let us get the data we need in place without breaking from the ordinary syntax of an OCaml program . That means that tools like merlin and ocp-indent and editor modes like tuareg will work without incident .
We can write the OCaml analogue of our cram test by creating the following file , named simple.ml .
open Core . Std let % expect_test `` simple sort '' = let sorted = List . sort ~ cmp : String . compare [ `` red '' ; `` yellow '' ; `` green '' ] in [ % sexp_of : string list ] sorted | > Sexp . to_string_hum | > print_endline ; [ % expect { | | } ]
Here , the let % expect_test introduces a new test , and registers it with our inline test framework . [ % expect { | | } ] introduces a section where output is captured , and multiple such declarations can go in a single test .
Since we have n't actually filled in the output , running the test will fail . Here 's the diff it would show .
open Core.Std let % expect_test `` simple sort '' = let sorted = List.sort ~cmp : String.compare [ `` red '' ; '' yellow '' ; '' green '' ] in [ % sexp_of : string list ] sorted | > Sexp.to_string_hum | > print_endline ; - [ % expect { | | } ] + [ % expect { | ( green red yellow ) | } ]
As with cram , a new file will have been generated , in this case called simple.ml.corrected , containing the updated test file . As with cram , you can accept the new test results by just copying the generated file over the original .
The above example is simple , but expect tests really shine when you start doing bigger and more complicated scenarios . And the ability to do this in ordinary OCaml code means you can use it for a much wider set of applications .
The source has n't been released yet , but it will come out as part of our ordinary public release process , and we hope others will give it a spin when it does come out .
Microsoft 's latest effort to gain relevance in the search wars is about to get a whole lot more interesting .
According to All Things Digital , the company is set to announce deals with both Twitter and Facebook to integrate status updates into its Bing search engine .
Details are expected to be announced later today at the Web 2.0 Summit , but the stage has been building for this for some time . Microsoft invested $ 240 million in Facebook back in 2007 , and has since signed search and advertising deals with the social network .
Meanwhile , Twitter has been known to be exploring search partnerships for at least the past month , though it 's long been suspected that the company would eventually eye significant revenue in this space . Although Twitter has been said to be willing to offer a full stream of tweets to search providers on a non-exclusive basis , it would appear that Microsoft has beaten Google to the punch in making it happen .
In All Things Digital 's latest report , both of the leading social sites are said to be talking to Google , so Bing 's advantage may be short lived , though it will be `` weeks , if not months '' until we see any actual integration go live .
More to come ...
Despite US allies around the world seeking partnerships with Russia ( most recently Japan 's Abe ) , it appears the Democrats simply can not let go of the last meme standing between their loss in the election and a drastic reality check on the failure of identi5ty politics . Hours after Trump 's comments on Putin 's killing ways , Nancy Pelosi grandstanded on NBC 's 'Meet The Press ' that `` I want to know what the Russians have on Donald Trump . ''
Following controversy over rehearsed questions and failed responses during their 'townhall ' event this week - sponsored by CNN - it appears Nancy Pelosi was desperate to divert attention from Berkeley 's anti-free-speech riots back to The Left 's favored meme of the moment - Putin and Trump .
“ I want to know what the Russians have on Donald Trump . I think we have to have an investigation by the FBI into their financial , personal and political connections to Russia and we want to see their tax returns so we can have truth in the relationship [ with ] Putin , whom they admire , ” Pelosi said on NBC 's “ Meet the Press . ”
Pelosi reiterates call for FBI investigation into Trump/Russia ties pic.twitter.com/oQsDqqsgqn — JM Rieger ( @ RiegerReport ) February 5 , 2017
Interestingly , the focus of Chuck Todd 's questioning was `` how the Democrats have lost touch with the rust belt '' which Elizabeth Warren suggests is true , but as the clip makes clear , Pelosi had only one talking point on their mind .
Pelosi made the same demand on Jan. 13 after a closed-door briefing by U.S. intelligence officials about Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election .
WINDSOR , ONT.—Taylor Raddysh scored twice as the Erie Otters beat the Saint John Sea Dogs 6-3 on Friday to advance to the Memorial Cup final . Erie will face the Windsor Spitfires in Sunday 's championship . The host team earned their way into the final with three straight wins in round-robin action , including a 4-2 victory over the Otters .
Erie Otters defenceman Darren Raddysh , second from right , celebrates their goal with teammates . ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Darren Raddysh , Dylan Strome , German Poddubnyi and Warren Foegele also scored for the Otters ( 3-1 ) , the Ontario Hockey League champions . Troy Timpano made 20 saves while Alex DeBrincat had three assists . Read more : Michael DiPietro doing their part to get Windsor Spitfires to the Memorial Cup final
Article Continued Below
Joe Veleno , Julien Gauthier and Thomas Chabot scored for the Sea Dogs ( 1-3 ) , the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League champions . Callum Booth stopped 31-of-36 shots in defeat . Erie beat the Sea Dogs 12-5 in the round robin , with Strome setting a new Memorial Cup record for points in a game with seven . It was nearly 1-0 Saint John six minutes in when Simon Bourque squeezed the puck through Timpano 's legs , only for DeBrincat to clear it away from behind their ‘ keeper . Darren Raddysh opened the scoring 9:59 in with an unbelievable solo effort . After winning the race to a loose puck in the Saint John corner to negate an icing , they spun off their defender and brought it backhand to forehand before snapping a shot up and over Booth .
Veleno tied the game with 5:50 to go in the period when they batted a rebound out of mid-air past Timpano . The Otters started to take over near the midway point of the period and re-took the lead on a power play when Taylor Raddysh beat Booth blocker side from the hashmarks at 10:57 .
Article Continued Below
Second-period penalties burned the Sea Dogs in the first meeting between the two clubs , with Erie finishing the game 5 for 7 on the power play . Discipline became an issue again for Saint John in the middle frame , taking four straight minors , but a combination of Booth 's play and some luck limited Erie 's power play to just the one goal . Taylor Raddysh thought they made it 3-1 with 1:09 to play in the period on a play that had both teams confused , but the goal was called back because of a delayed penalty call on the Otters . The no-goal call proved to be big at the time as Gauthier responded on the man advantage with 40 seconds remaining in the period . Shots were 17-4 Erie in the second and 27-13 for the Otters through 40 minutes . Strome finally made good on one of their scoring chances , beating Booth with a wrist shot between the legs 2:38 into the third . Only 1:07 later Poddubnyi doubled Erie 's lead off a turnover , snapping a shot blocker side on Booth . Taylor Raddysh added their second , banging in a rebound with less than eight minutes to play . Chabot got one back for the Sea Dogs with 3:32 to play . Chabot crashed into Timpano on the play after being shoved , and the Otters goalie stayed down , but finished out the game in net after being seen by a team trainer . Booth went to the bench for an extra attacker with 3:01 to go , and Foegele added an empty netter to seal the victory .
A huge episode of “ The Walking Dead ” aired last night , as did WWE 's annual WrestleMania event . You might be surprised by which one makeup master Tom Savini played a part in !
If you 're a wrestling fan as well as a horror fan , you probably know that Tom “ Godfather of Gore ” Savini is a big time fan of WWE – at a recent show in their home state of Pennsylvania , Savini was spotted sitting front row ! Back in 2014 , Savini had a hand in designing Triple H 's WrestleMania entrance gear , and this year they made another contribution that you might 've missed .
One of the highlights of the 2-hour WrestleMania 33 kickoff show was the “ Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal , ” which put a handful of superstars into the ring at the same time for an over-the-top-rope elimination match . One of the wrestlers who briefly appeared in the match was masked luchador Kalisto ; as it turns out , Savini and their team created Kalisto 's Mania mask !
Savini designed the mask alongside artists Jason Baker and Jason Adams . They may not be doing movies anymore , but it makes me happy to see that Savini is still kicking ass in other ways .
Check out the mask below .
Third party candidate Jill Stein was a surprising addition this week to investigators casting an increasingly wide net in the congressional probe into Russian interference in the presidential campaign .
Stein 's name was included in a Senate Judiciary Committee letter requesting all communication between President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's son Donald Trump Jr. and a number of others , including Russian officials and other members of Trump 's presidential campaign .
Stein ran for president as the Green Party candidate in 2016 . A Green Party spokesperson called the inclusion of their name “ vengeance against Dr. Stein for running as a third-party candidate for the White House . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Senate panel wants documents relating to a recently revealed meeting between Trump Jr. and a Russian attorney , among others . Former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort and Trump 's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner were also at the meeting .
But investigators seem to be casting a wider net by asking Trump Jr. for “ all communication to , from or copied to you relating to ” a long list of individuals that include Stein .
Stein called the request “ laughable ” in a tweet this week .
“ The whole thing is an obvious smear , ” they wrote .
The notion I communicated with Trump Jr is laughable . This whole thing is an obvious smear designed to generate a fake news feeding frenzy . — Dr. Jill Stein ( @ DrJillStein ) July 21 , 2017
“ Smears against the Green Party for participating in elections are nothing new , but raising the smears to the level of McCarthyism is a recent wrinkle , ” Scott McLarty , media director for the Green Party , told The Hill .
The only known connection between Stein and the investigation into Russian officials is a dinner they attended in 2015 where former Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn and Russian President Vladimir Putin were both present . Stein has said their interaction was minimal .
Flynn resigned in February after misleading Vice President Pence regarding conversations they had with a top Russian diplomat during the presidential campaign . The dinner came out as part of those revelations .
The Senate panel is investigating both Russian attempts to influence the 2016 election and possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow . Flynn is part of that investigation .
The Senate Judiciary Committee and the office of its chairperson , Sen. Chuck Grassley Charles ( Chuck ) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care : Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE 's ( R-Iowa ) , did not respond to a request to clarify their inclusion of Stein in the request for communication from Trump Jr .
“ We expect that you have already taken care to preserve relevant documents in light of investigations into Russian interference being conducted by Congress and federal law enforcement and counterintelligence agencies , ” the leadership of the committee wrote in the letter dated July 19 .
The Senate Judiciary Committee has requested documents from Don Jr. and Manafort re : any attempts to obtain info on Clinton from Russians . pic.twitter.com/TOZlDr5pc6 — Kyle Griffin ( @ kylegriffin1 ) July 19 , 2017
The letter asks for the documents by Aug. 2 .
The hapless Republican Congress may not know what to do about Barack Obama 's unilateral Amnesty , but the governments of Mexico and Central America are already moving to take advantage .
Only a few minutes after Obama 's speech , the Mexican Foreign Ministry had already released a statement on its website entitled : México Da La Bienvenida A Medidas Administrativas Que Beneficiarán A Mexicanos En Estados Unidos [ Mexico Welcomes the Administrative Measures That Will Benefit Mexicans in the United States , SRE Comunicado 532 , November 20 , 2014 ]
The Mexican government explicitly welcomed Obama 's action because of the perceived benefit to its own citizens :
The government of Mexico , through the Secretariat of Foreign Relations ( SRE ) welcomes the administrative measures in migration announced….by the government of the United States that has the potential to benefit a significant number of Mexicans in that county and improve their opportunities , as well as their dignity and certainty . This decision will permit the increase of the substantial contributions of Mexicans to the economy and society of the United States .
In respect to the announcement made in reference to border control , the government of Mexico will be attentive that its implementation respect the security and human rights of the migrants .
And Mexico 's statement also contained a warning to the United States
The Mexican government statement invited “ the Mexican community in the United States ” to get more information from Mexico 's 50 consulates in the U.S.A . It provides an 800 phone number and promises to “ continue offering assistance and consular protection to all Mexicans , regardless of their migratory condition . ”
So whatever Barack Obama 's claims , the government of Mexico certainly understands that these “ migrants ” are n't becoming Americans by any definition .
You would think Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto would have their plate full with the Iguala Massacre ( in which Mexican police and gang hitmen attacked and killed students , then disappeared 43 others ) and a domestic political scandal . Violence is rampant in Mexico and well over two-thirds of Mexicans report they feel unsafe .
Nonetheless , Pena Nieto has found the time to call the Amnesty “ an act of justice ” and gave orders to Mexico 's consular network to help illegals . [ 'Un acto de justicia ' , medidas migratorias en EU : EPN , El Universal , November 21 , 2014 ]
Central America also responded quickly to the Obamnesty , dependent as those countries are on remittances from the U.S .
The Honduran presidential office released a statement declaring :
The government of Honduras salutes the announcement of the President of the United States , Barack Obama… which will benefit hundreds of thousands of Hondurans… . The decision will benefit Honduras and tens of thousands of families , as it will permit that Hondurans residing in the United States and with children born on U.S. soil can benefit from the relief and have permission of temporary residence and that they will not be subject to deportation for three years . Latin America applauds Obama 's immigration plan , Associated Press November 22 , 2014
Note this reference to the Anchor Baby loophole , gleefully exploited by Latin Americans seeking to flee their own countries , and by corrupt governments exporting their problem populations .
Needless to say , while Latin Americans know full well about abusing birthright citizenship , American politicians ( including Republicans ) are pretending the problem does n't exist .
Indeed , nowadays , even Latin Americans repeat the Obama-certified “ nation of immigrants ” nonsense for their own benefit :
We share the words of President Obama that the United States is a “ nation of immigrants ” … .. the migrants drive the economy of the great Nation of the North .
This temporary relief is a great step in the right direction of the United States to resolve the migratory problem of 11 million persons and in this sense we exhort the Congress to resolve in a permanent manner this irregular situation , approving a profound and comprehensive migratory reform that will benefit and make more secure the United States . This decision will make the U.S. stronger and will send a powerful message of solidarity with Latin America and that Washington is really interested in making the already close relations stronger . Honduras saluda y da la bienvenida al alivio migratorio concedido por el presidente Barack Obama , Government of Republic of Honduras , Nov. 21 , 2014
Leaders across Central America were also quick to praise Obama 's plan . But they urged U.S. lawmakers to approve a deeper reform to give lasting security to the millions of undocumented people in the United States . [ Mexico , Central America Hail Obama 's Immigration Reform , Voice of America , November 21 , 2014 ]
Yet while the Honduran government is undoubtedly happy with Obama 's Amnesty , it is n't completely satisfied . It thinks Amnesty does n't go far enough : Honduras is not alone . According to Voice of America : At the same time , Latin American leaders coupled this demand with demands for more American money . VOA reported that the presidents of both Honduras and Guatemala “ said both countries will need billions of dollars in U.S. aid and investment to stem the tide of migrants heading north . ”
But it 's not surprising that the leaders of these three Central American countries have no qualms about making demands of the United States . Our leaders encourage it .
Thus six days before the Obama Amnesty Edict , Vice President Joe Biden met in Washington with presidents Otto Perez of Guatemala , Salvador Sanchez of El Salvador and Juan Orlando of Honduras . According to Breitbart :
…Biden promised that the White House would allow an expansion of the United States ' refugee program to offer refugee status to children and young adults from Central America…Previous U.S. immigration policy included a program that allowed up to 4,000 people a year from Cuba and Columbia to apply for refugee status . The new policy , as described by Biden , would expand that program to people under age 21 from El Salvador , Guatemala , and Honduras who already have a parent in the U.S. legally , to allow them to come and join their parents . [ BIDEN PROMISES REFUGEE STATUS TO CENTRAL AMERICANS UNDER 21Sarah Rumpf , November 14 , 2014 ]
This means that if the parents have entered our country illegally , we now have to let the kids in .
It 's not just “ Anchor Babies , ” it 's “ Anchor Parents ” .
Each one of these expanding Amnesty programs has different nuances and subtleties . But the details do n't even really matter . The common denominator : they all facilitate illegal immigration and encourage more of it . The distinction between legal and illegal immigration has been all but abolished .
The push for an Amnesty/Immigration Surge is n't just promoted by the financial , Main Stream Media , academic and religious elites in our own country . It 's strongly supported by the governments of Mexico , Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras . All four of these countries have embassies in the U.S. and networks of consulates ( Mexico 50 , Guatemala 10 , El Salvador 16 , Honduras 11 ) , meaning that we can expect foreign meddling .
But while Latin American countries are aggressively securing their national interests , our leaders seem hostile to their own people . Even the flag-waving Republicans have been utterly silent about foreign meddling in U.S. immigration policy .
Americans should demand from their leaders : if Guatemala , Honduras , and other self-interested states get to influence our immigration laws—why does n't the historic American nation ?
Drug Enforcement Administration agents in Colombia who allegedly engaged in `` sex parties '' with prostitutes hired by local drug cartels also arranged for paid sex for at least two Secret Service agents traveling to the country to protect President Obama in 2012 .
The Justice Department inspector general uncovered the DEA 's sex parties after allegations arose about misconduct by the Secret Service and DEA agents in the 2012 prostitution scandal in Colombia . The IG on Thursday released a 97-page report detailing the allegations , including an explosive charge that local drug cartels funded the `` sex parties . ''
RELATED : Questions linger after DHS watchdog 's strained departure
While the allegations about the DEA facilitating paid sex for Secret Service agents in Colombia is not new , the Washington Examiner obtained detailed information through Freedom of Information Act request last fall about how three DEA agents stationed in Cartagena allegedly made the arrangements .
According to a DOJ Office of Inspector General report of the investigation , on the night of April 13 , 2012 , three DEA agents stationed in Cartagena , Colombia , had dinner with at least two Secret Service agents at a local restaurant and invited them back to one of the agent 's government-furnished apartments for drinks afterward .
The OIG report is redacted to exclude the names of the DEA and Secret Service agents involved .
During the dinner , at least one agent was on their cell phone texting or emailing women , and two women joined the group after the meal .
Back at the apartment , one of the women offered an agent a massage , and one DEA agent interceded and negotiated a price of 150,000 Colombian pesos or $ 75 U.S. dollars for the massage .
RELATED : Secret Service chief on thin ice with Congress
According to one Secret Service agent 's account in the report , before the pair retreated to a spare bedroom , one of the DEA agents allegedly offered the Secret Service agent two condoms `` in case you need them . ''
The DEA agent who rented the apartment denied providing the condoms .
The Secret Service agent in question denied being interested in sex at first and said they shoved the condoms into their pocket because they did n't want to refuse them .
The pair retreated to a spare bedroom where the woman performed oral sex during the massage , according to the report . The OIG determined that after the encounter took place , one of the DEA agents provided the woman a `` wad '' of pesos in exchange for $ 50 in U.S. currency , which one of the agents provided the woman for their services .
RELATED : Five questions for the Secret Service
During multiple OIG interviews , the Secret Service agents at first denied knowledge of any DEA personnel participating in the solicitation of prostitutes in Colombia . But the OIG obtained contradictory information from the forensic analysis of the DEA agents ' government-issued cell phones .
When confronted with that information , the two Secret Service agents admitted to paying for and receiving `` erotic massages '' that included oral sex . The DEA agents then admitted to having used their DEA-issued cell phones to solicit the encounters .
`` All three subjects resisted the characterization of their engaging in sexual encounters in exchange for a form of payment as prostitution , '' the OIG report , dated Sept. 14 , 2012 , states .
In analyzing the DEA cell phones in question , the OIG determined that data had been deleted , requiring a forensic analysis . The forensic analysis of both phones revealed `` numerous contacts with sexual service providers , who were later identified by the OIG . ''
On one of the DEA agents ' phones , OIG forensic examiners found evidence that the agent had deleted 37 of the entries in their contact list after they were told to they needed to surrender the phone .
RELATED : Chaffetz airs video of March 4 Secret Service incident
`` Many of the contacts deleted had telephone numbers that the OIG was able to link to sexual services websites in Colombia , '' the report states .
`` During their OIG interviews , [ the agent ] admitted to entering the contact information for the known sexual service providers into their DEA-issued cellular telephone . They denied contacting any of the providers , except for [ redacted ] for the dinner and erotic message in Cartagena at their apartment , '' and on only one other occasion .
The OIG said the agents had engaged in both obstruction of its investigation and lack of candor while under oath .
The report concludes that the DEA agents ' association with prostitutes in a foreign country placed them `` at risk for blackmail and other potential breaches of national security . ''
The same inspector general forwarded the findings to the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , who declined to take up the case .
It also handed over its findings to the DEA for `` appropriate action . ''
RELATED : Secret Service training has dried up since 2008
The DEA agents who helped hire the women received a relatively light penalty – all were allowed to keep their jobs , according to two sources familiar with the matter .
Along with the DEA agents , eleven members of the military were accused of having sex with women during the same week , according to the same two sources . Nine were punished outside of the military justice system , which included docking their pay and forcing them to do extra work around the base . Two chose to undergo a court martial , but it 's not clear whether they were ever punished .
Critics of the way the Secret Service handled the prostitution scandal argue that it 's indicative of larger problems the agency has with investigating and disciplining agents suspected of misbehavior . The two sources familiar with the alleged misdeeds related to the Colombia prostitution scandal said top agency officials doled out punishments unevenly .
By the time the Secret Service internal investigation ended , nine agents had lost their jobs . Some agents were allowed to retire or keep their clearances , which makes them eligible for future intelligence work , while others were not .
Todd Carney playing for the Canberra Raiders in 2008 . `` No , we would not consider signing Todd under these or any other conditions despite reports speculating otherwise , '' Furner said . The 28-year-old Goulburn product was given numerous chances by the Raiders before they eventually had their contract torn up six years ago . They were consigned to bush football in Queensland in 2009 , then won the Dally M Medal with the Sydney Roosters in their comeback season in 2010 . Carney was sacked by the Roosters the following year , joining the Sharks in 2012 .
Speaking on Canberra radio station 2CC on Friday morning , White was asked if they would be happy to have Carney at the Raiders next year . '' If they committed to no alcohol , certainly I would , '' White said . `` I think Todd is a nice guy , I just think he 's one of those guys that ca n't drink . '' If they were able to commit to something like that , he 'd be fantastic . '' He 'd be great to have at the Raiders , but I guess that 's up to the NRL and Todd himself . ''
The NRL has n't issued a life ban to Carney , but would be extremely unlikely to register a contract for them given their off-field history . The NRL 's salary cap changes for next year include a `` no dickheads policy '' that allows clubs to sack misbehaving players without being financially penalised for doing so . White said the Sharks had made the right decision given the damage that Carney 's actions had done to the profile of the game . '' It 's really disappointing the things that have gone on , '' White said . '' We ca n't have that sort of stuff go on in rugby league .
'' We 've got a fight on our hands against soccer , AFL , rugby union , and sport as a whole has a fight on its hands to get kids out from in the front of TV screens , so we really need to have good role models . '' It 's just unfortunate , their actions go across to all the kids out there . '' The first thing I worry about as a father with two kids at school is what they hear , what they see and what gets said in the playground because their father is an NRL player . `` I quite like Todd and I think they would have been great down here at the Raiders . '' We certainly need someone who can score us some points at the moment . ''
The Raiders are second last on the NRL ladder and have won just four of their 15 games this season . Loading Meanwhile , the Raiders have predictably missed out on securing any games on free to air television for the final six rounds of the season given their lowly position on the table . Four of the Raiders ' final six games are on a Saturday , including a 3pm kickoff against the St George Illawarra Dragons at Canberra Stadium in round 23 .
Bengaluru : Tata Power Solar , India 's largest integrated solar company , said it has shipped 1,000 Megawatt solar modules worldwide.The company has witnessed a rise in the number of modules in the past 27 years , with over 60 % of their modules shipped over the last five years . A pioneer in the Indian solar manufacturing industry , the company has shipped modules worldwide to over 30 countries including Europe , USA , Canada and Australia.A company statement quoted Ashish Khanna , ED & CEO as saying : `` The global solar market is witnessing lucrative growth and this milestone is proof that we are a key Indian player in the domestic as well as international market . `` Rated 'Tier I module manufacturer ' by Bloomberg New Energy Finance ( BNEF ) , Tata Power Solar is known for its quality and reliable solar modules , according to the company . The company 's manufacturing facilities follow international standards using automation and best-in-class technology , the statement added .
May 1 , 2015 ; Houston , TX , USA ; FC Dallas midfielder Kellyn Acosta ( 23 ) dribbles the ball during the first half against the Houston Dynamo at BBVA Compass Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Troy Taormina-USA TODAY Sports
Losing players to their national teams is not foreign to FC Dallas
Imagine the Cowboys having a healthy Tony Romo but not having them available to play against the Philadelphia Eagles . Or the Mavericks having a healthy Dirk Nowitzki but having them unavailable to play against the San Antonio Spurs .
They are your best players . Your team needs them to succeed .
Such is life for FC Dallas coach Oscar Pareja , who from one week to the next this summer must find ways to win games without some of their best players .
FC Dallas begins a five-game road trip Saturday against the Montreal Impact looking for a victory to hold onto first place in the Western Conference . But FC Dallas will be without starting midfielder Kellyn Acosta , who left the team this week to train with the United States for the under-20 World Cup .
Next month , Pareja could be without veteran midfielder Je-Vaughn Watson . In July , they could be without captain Matt Hedges . Or leading goal scorer Blas Perez . Or more .
That 's the nature of professional soccer . Mark Cuban may not want NBA players to compete in the Olympics and some of America 's best players may bail on the World Baseball Classic . But when your nation calls in soccer , you go . It 's that simple .
Football , basketball and baseball are all American games . Soccer is a world game .
Playing for America is more important to Acosta than playing for FC Dallas . Playing for Panama is more important for Perez than playing for FC Dallas . Playing for Canada is more important for Kyle Bekker than playing for FC Dallas .
Pareja understands that . As a former national player for Colombia , they embrace the opportunity for their best players to bolt FC Dallas to wear the colors of their country .
“ It 's a tremendous honor , ” Pareja said . “ I can remember every single game I played for the national team . Standing there for the anthem before the game and knowing that at that moment you are one of 11 human beings defending the honor of your country . That 's a huge feeling . ”
Starters Perez , Watson ( Jamaica ) and Moises Hernandez ( Guatemala ) all missed the Seattle game March 28 because of international call-ups . FC Dallas played the Sounders to a scoreless draw that night . Reserves Bekker , Jesse Gonzalez ( Mexico ) and Alex Zendejas ( USA ) also have missed games this season because of international commitments .
Gonzalez is currently in Mexico training for the under-20 World Cup in New Zealand . Acosta is in Australia training with the U.S. team . If both Mexico and the U.S. reach the Cup final , FC Dallas wo n't get its two young players back until June 21 .
The Copa America involving South American teams is being contested in June , so Watson could again miss games . Then the Gold Cup involving teams from North America , Central America and the Caribbean will be contested in July . Bekker , Hernandez , Perez , Hedges ( USA ) and Tesho Akindele ( either USA or Canada ) all could miss FC Dallas games that month .
“ It 's a challenge , ” Pareja said . “ You always want to have your full team available . You want them at practice and at the games . But I also see the positive side of the situation . It 's great , especially for the younger players , to go with their national teams to tournaments . It raises their profile . The competition will make them better . That 's all that is part of the package . If you 're called , you go .
“ The challenge [ of playing without them ] can become an opportunity for us to develop a different player who can make us better . Someone needs to step in , take their place and make something happen . Right now , we have people who are waiting . They can do the job as well . ”
Rising star Walker Zimmerman also could be missing toward the end of the season . He 's a member of the U.S. under-23 team , and the Olympic qualifying tournament runs Sept. 27 through Oct. 14 . Like Pareja , Zimmerman sees international participation as a win-win for the player and their MLS team .
“ Playing for your country is the biggest honor you can have in our sport , ” Zimmerman said . “ This is something I take very seriously . Playing in the Olympics is something that I 've been looking forward to since I was a kid and something hopefully I 'll get the chance to do .
“ This is also a testament [ to FC Dallas ] for their ability to develop talent . We have a bunch of players who have been working very hard who may not have gotten the minutes so far . The depth that we have on this team can certainly cover for some big guys that we 'll miss .
“ I 'm excited to see someone like Alex Zendejas , who has n't gotten a lot of minutes , really step up . ”
Zendejas — and a lot of other young players — will need to step up for Pareja this summer .
Listen to Rick Gosselin at 10:50 a.m. Tuesdays on The Ticket ( KTCK-AM 1310 ) with Norm Hitzges .
Call to duty
FC Dallas players on the rosters of national teams who could potentially miss MLS games this summer :
Player National team Matt Hedges USA * Tesho Akindele USA , Canada Blas Perez Panama Kyle Bekker Canada Moises Hernandez Guatemala Atiba Harris St. Kitts Je-Vaughn Watson Jamaica Walker Zimmerman USA U-23 Kellyn Acosta USA U-20 Jesse Gonzalez Mexico U-20 Alex Zendejas USA U-17 Coy Craft USA U-17
* Still must commit to a national team
President Barack Obama was never going to be a champion of civil liberties ; they lead a growing sect of the Democratic party that prioritizes the collective good and mass innovation over individualism . This coercively inclusive political philosophy feels that every citizen , business , country , and institution has an obligation to contribute to the common good .
Obama will mandate universal health coverage but let private insurers run the programs . He 'll maintain Middle Eastern wars but work with Russia on global nuclear disarmament . Expand the education budget but give more resources to union-less charter schools , and build online tools to monitor stimulus spending while collecting phone records of every American .
The philosophy is a mix of fierce anti-individualism and anti-authoritarianism–what political scientists call “ communitarianism. ” “ In the my wildest dreams , during eighteen years of championing communitarianism , I did not expect a presidential candidate to be as strongly identified with this political philosophy as Obama is , ” gushed George Washington Professor of philosophy , Amatai Etzioni .
Established liberal institutions have always worried that communitarian optimism was blind to the damage government agencies and big business could exact on society 's most vulnerable . Since 9/11 , the most prominent communitarians have generally defended mass NSA and FBI spying against the fears of their liberal cousins .
“ The key issue is not if certain powers-for example , the ability to decrypt e-mail-should or should not be available to public authorities , but whether or not these powers are used legitimately and whether mechanisms are in place to ensure such usage , ” said Etzioni , in regard to a series of high-profile debates with former ACLU president , Nadeen Strossen , during the post-9/11 ramp-up to the Patriot Act .
Communitarians are generally okay with privacy invasion , so long as there is sufficient public oversight to make sure the government is doing its job .
“ For communitarians , public safety generally comes first , ” University of Southern California Professor Brian Rathbun writes to me in an email . “ A key element of Obama 's personal philosophy is on the merits of cooperation , that collective enterprises yield greater gains than individual action . ”
The obsession with mass collaboration largely explains much of Obama 's failing civil liberties record , across the board , as he 's also been an unqualified proponent of experimental charters , which reject the job stability of traditional schools .
Obama is not the only rabid communitarian . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has distinguished themselves as a collaboration and drone-happy public servant : he 's ok blanketing the city with law-enforcement drones and reportedly threatened to “ F * * * cking destroy ” the taxi industry over issues with Uber .
Bloomberg , first and foremost , wants innovation over protectionist policies . During a press conference , Bloomberg told me that taxi unions were part of “ the old entrenched industries that try to use the shield of regulation…to protect them from the kind of competition that benefits society . ”
Closing the door on civil liberties , however , has opened up some exciting opportunities for innovative policy making . For instance , ObamaCare included a “ waiver for state innovation ” that exempts any state from the new healthcare law , so long as states can cover everyone without increasing costs . In essence , it 's like Google 's 20 percent time . Everyone has to innovate and hopes that someone will come up with the best solution to healthcare . It 's radically optimistic about the power of individual creativity , but refuses to allow citizens or states to be spectators ( hence , the core of the name “ community ” ) .
Notably , it 's quite easy to spot communitarians based on who Silicon Valley 's deep-pocketed donors are supporting . While the Bay Area gave more to Obama than either Wall Street or Hollywood ( Los Angeles ) , they only give to a few candidates .
Newark Mayor and Senate candidate Cory Booker is a Silicon Valley favorite and has focused the $ 100 million education donation they got from Mark Zuckerberg on controversial charter schools . It should be no surprise that the union-less , privacy-skittish social network is itself a communitarian totem .
Facebook has aggressively fought FTC regulations to deny its ability to automatically enroll users in new products ( “ opt-in ” ) . Facebook has argued that if users had been required to opt in to the newsfeed , the initial privacy hysteria would have blunted adoption of a tool that is now a stable of social networking . Just like in a community , participation and sharing are the default assumptions ; privacy and isolation is left as an inconvenient anti-social option .
Together with their friends in Silicon Valley , communitarians are becoming a dominated force in society . To the extent that readers optimistically believe that cooperation between foreign governments , big business , and everyday citizens can yield collective prosperity , the growing power of the communitarian Democratic is a welcome change . For those who fear that we live in a zero-sum world between the powerful and weak , communitarians are blindly leading us into an unequal , rights-free society .
If you 'd like to learn more , read my full OpEd on The Daily Beast .
The U.S. Department of the Treasury slapped new sanctions on North Korea Tuesday , one day after President Trump declared the rogue nation a state sponsor of terrorism .
The new measures included sanctions on one individual , 13 entities , and 20 vessels as the U.S. continues to take action “ multilaterally and unilaterally ” to disrupt North Korea 's funding of its nuclear and ballistic missile programs .
Tuesday 's sanctions , according to the Treasury Department , target third-country persons with long-standing commercial ties to North Korea , as well as the transportation networks that facilitate North Korea 's revenue generation and operations .
“ As North Korea continues to threaten international peace and security , we are steadfast in our determination to maximize economic pressure to isolate it from outside sources of trade and revenue while exposing its evasive tactics , ” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement Tuesday .
Mnuchin said that the latest designations include companies that have engaged in trade with North Korea “ cumulatively worth hundreds of millions of dollars . ”
“ We are also sanctioning the shipping and transportation companies , and their vessels , that facilitate North Korea 's trade and its deceptive maneuvers , ” Mnuchin said .
The sanctions are on four Chinese trading companies and a Chinese national said to have conducted hundreds of millions of dollars in business dealings with North Korea .
Those sanctioned are barred from holding U.S. assets or doing business with Americans .
Trump , upon designating the Hermit Kingdom a state sponsor of terror , vowed would receive the “ highest level of sanctions ” which would be imposed over a two-week period .
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters Monday that the move underscores “ North Korea 's illicit , unlawful behaviors internationally . ”
TRUMP DESIGNATES NORTH KOREA AS STATE SPONSOR OF TERROR
But the “ symbolic ” designation of North Korea does not mean the Trump administration is abandoning the push for peaceful negotiations , Tillerson added .
“ We still hope for diplomacy , ” Tillerson said . “ This is all part of continuing to turn this pressure up and we 've continued to turn the pressure up on North Korea by getting other countries to join in and take actions on their own . ”
Tillerson said these new sanctions would “ tighten the pressure ” on dictator Kim Jong-un 's regime .
“ It is very symbolic on the one hand—it points out again what a rogue regime this is , and how brutal of a regime it is and how little they care about the value of human life , ” Tillerson aid . “ That makes a strong statement . Practice effects may be limited , but hopefully we 're closing off a few loopholes with this . ”
According to the State Department , once designated , a country or nation state faces sanctions resulting in restrictions on U.S. foreign assistance ; a ban on defense exports and sales ; certain controls over exports of dual use items ; and miscellaneous financial and other restrictions .
North Korea will join Sudan , Syria , and Iran as designated state sponsors of terrorism .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
European Commission MEMO Commissioner Michel Barnier welcomes the trilogue agreement on collective rights management I welcome the provisional agreement reached last night by the European Parliament and the Council , laying the foundation for modern copyright licensing in the single market . The new directive will modernise the functioning of all collective management organisations ( also referred to as “ collecting societies ” ) across Europe and facilitate multi-territorial licensing of musical works for online use . As new technologies allow for new forms of dissemination of creative content online , the new rules will benefit citizens and rightholders , such as authors , producers , or performers , their representative organisations , as well as service providers offering innovative music services online . They will provide for greater transparency and more accurate and efficient management of rights . Clear rules and transparency requirements on the collection and distribution of remuneration for the use of copyright and related rights will apply across Europe . Rightholders will be more involved in the decision-making process of their collective management organisation , whereas collective management organisations will be strengthened in their capacity to represent authors , performers or producers in all Member States in view of efficient rights management across the single market . The fragmentation of online music rights and the complexity associated with the collective management of rights has indeed limited multi-territorial licensing for online music services that reach citizens in more than one Member State . The Directive lays down common rules and standards for multi-territorial licensing , while collective management organisations can – and in certain circumstances are obliged to – represent each other 's repertoire for multi-territorial licensing to services in the single market . Citizens in the whole of Europe must be able to enjoy the full repertoire of music online , including smaller and niche repertoires . The licensing of other online services using music ( from audiovisual to games ) will also be greatly facilitated . Finally , the new Directive contains rules on dispute resolution and enforcement measures in matters involving collective management organisations to ensure that the provisions of the Directive are complied with in a coherent manner throughout the single market . This Directive is a key step towards the completion of the Digital Single Market , which had led the European Council to call for accelerated work in view of finalising the negotiations . Constructive discussions in the Parliament and in the Council have led to a very good negotiation result , which will now have to be confirmed in the European Parliament and the Council . I am confident they will do so very soon and I would like to warmly thank everyone who has contributed to this success , in particular the rapporteur , Marielle Gallo , as well as the Cypriot , Irish and Lithuanian Presidencies . I also wish to thank all the stakeholders for their involvement in consultations . Background In July 2012 , as announced in its Communication A Single Market for Intellectual Property Rights , the Commission adopted its proposal on collective management of copyright and related rights and multi-territorial licensing of rights in musical works for online uses ( IP/12/772 ) . This proposal is important for the completion of the Digital Single Market . Collective management organisations act as intermediaries between rightholders in a variety of industry such as music , books or films , and the service providers intending to use their works . They license rights , collect and distribute royalties to rightholders in circumstances where negotiating licences with individual creators would be impractical and entail high transaction costs . Cases of mismanagement of rights revenue or long-delayed payments have shown that there is a need to improve the functioning of collective management organisations . Furthermore , the collective management of rights also plays a key role in the licensing of online music service providers ( music download services or streaming services ) . Online service providers often want to cover a multitude of territories and a large catalogue of music . Many collective management organisations have not been able to meet these challenges , and service providers have faced difficulties when trying to obtain the licences necessary to launch online music services across the EU resulting in fewer online music services available to consumers . The main elements of the new rules : ( 1 ) Clear description of rightholders ' rights ; including their free choice of a collective management organisation and of the scope of authorisation ( rights , categories of rights and types of works of their choice ; territories of their choice ) ; ( 2 ) Minimum requirements relating to a collective management organisation 's governance structure , e.g . the obligation on the collective management organisation to have a supervisory function to supervise management , provisions relating to voting rights of rightholders and their rights to give a proxy to a representative to exercise their right to vote at the general assembly ; ( 3 ) Time limits regarding the payments made to rightholders by a collective management organisation , as well as rules regarding the use of the amounts which can not be distributed ; ( 4 ) Rules regarding the relation with users and criteria for setting up tariffs ; ( 5 ) Transparency requirements towards rightholders , other collective management organisations , users and the public ; ( 6 ) Establishment of criteria a collective management organisation has to fulfil to grant multi-territorial licences for authors ' rights in musical works for online use ; ( 7 ) Rules on representation agreements between collective management organisations for the purposes of multi-territorial licensing , in particular criteria for when a collective management organisation has an obligation to represent another organisation ; ( 8 ) Provisions on dispute resolution , such as an alternative dispute resolution procedure for certain disputes relating to multi-territorial licensing . More information on collective rights management is available at : http : //ec.europa.eu/internal_market/copyright/management/index_en.htm
Blockchain ALL THE THINGS
Or : How the underlying technology behind Bitcoin is going to save our asses
Jason Lindley Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 21 , 2017
Decentralized Ledger Systems Will Create a Renaissance in the Concept of Trust
Just a scant 4 weeks ago we found out that one of the largest store-houses of social security numbers and credit-reporting data — Equifax — was subject to a hack so extensive that we 're all still kind of reeling from it . The data for 1/3rd of all adult Americans can now be considered breached , and let 's be honest , do we even trust that the other two major firms , Transunion and Experian , did any better ? Transunion 's website was hacked briefly on 10.15 to direct users to the same fake website that took over Equifax .
Wait wait . I 'm actually getting ahead of myself . If you 've been keeping up with the full play of this story , you 'd know that Equifax actually got hacked July 29th . We plebeians just found out about it in September .
But wait again…can we even really be that upset with Equifax ( hint : we can ) when the idea of the social security number as a life-password is faulty to begin with ? Your social security number is horrible for data security . Not only is it unencrypted , it 's purposefully non-random . The SSN refers to itself . Meaning that if you know what the numbers are referring to ( date of birth , race , etc ) , you can guess the number even if you 're missing most of it .
Using the SSN as an identifier started due to the limitations of early technology as well as a wee-bit of laziness . Why make a new system when the government already had one mandated number for everyone ?
Welp , the Equifax hack just took all of America and whacked it over the head with the realities of 2017 . We 've hit a crossroads where it 's safer to assume that all of our data has been hacked than not .
That 's a pretty damned scary thought , and the only question left is where to go from here ?
Luckily , the answer to this problem has been staring us in the face and plastering the news for the past 10 years : Bitcoin . Or , rather the block-chain , which is the technology that underlies Bitcoin and makes it work .
People around the world use the GoFundMe web site and it 's normally a place for heartwarming campaigns to help people who have adverse medical conditions , who have been in accidents or who are raising money for other people in need or good causes . But one woman is using it to raise funds for them abortion .
Bailey 's Abortion Fund has already raised $ 1,654 of $ 2,500 by 106 people over the last two days who want to give them their hard-earned cash to pay to kill their baby in an abortion .
UPDATE AT 1:30 p.m . ET : The funding page has been taken down . LifeNews has reached out to GoFundMe for comment and has yet to receive a reply .
With the projected cost of the abortion well over the typical $ 450- $ 500 price for an early term abortion , it 's obvious that Bailey and their boyfriend are raising funds to take the life of their child in a late abortion near viability . The couple say they are raising funds for the abortion because insurance will not cover it .
“ Bailey needs an abortion , ” the page claims in a post . “ Some of you know and love them Some of you probably wish you could be them They are the most important person in my entire life , and even though I did n't help create the fetus inside of her , we need to get rid of it , because this affects me just as much as it does her . ”
“ Bailey is currently unemployed , completely broke , in debt , and in no position to hold down a job due to severe symptoms of a rough , unplanned and unexpected pregnancy , ” the page continues . “ Aside from having no desire to raise a child , they are economically unstable and can barely afford to support herself , which means having enough money to pay rent , smoke cigarettes , drink rockstar , support their friends in prison , and if she 's really busted their ass , maybe go to a show or two . ”
If you 're following , apparently Bailey “ needs an abortion ” because having a baby would get in the way of their party lifestyle — catching rock shows and smoking .
Is the campaign real ? Apparently so . Bailey recently spoke with Vice about it , where they say they are 19 weeks along .
“ I 'm hoping people will [ donate ] , but it 's also totally fine if people do n't . I know if I saw something like this I 'd be like , I want to help this person to make sure they live the life they want to live . It 's more time-sensitive than some of the other things that you see , ” they said . “ It 's scary . It 's a surgery . In Illinois it 's a two-day surgery . And it 's painful , like any surgery is going to be . It 's just an absolutely necessary thing , so I 'm more nervous about running out of time than any pain . ”
Lawyer for Titans ' Sammie Hill : Allegations 'bogus '
The lawyer for Titans defensive lineman Sammie Hill on Wednesday called sexual assault accusations against their client `` bogus . ''
`` They are bogus , they are ludicrous , and they are a joke . Mr. Hill did nothing wrong , '' attorney Ed Garland said . `` He had consensual sex and now finds themselves the victim of an extortion scheme . We are cooperating fully with the investigation , and we know that the truth will show that no charges should be brought against Mr . Hill . ''
Hill , in their second season with the Titans , is being investigated by the Atlanta Police Department after a woman accused them of sexual assault , according to the department .
The Atlanta police department said it was contacted by a female who advised they were sexually assaulted by Hill . The 37-year-old woman initially contacted Houston police about the alleged incident in Atlanta , when they claimed they were assaulted by Hill in a hotel room . Houston police took a `` courtesy report '' before forwarding the case to Atlanta police .
Garland said Hill met the woman earlier in the evening , and they followed them from one club to another , and eventually went back to their hotel room .
`` This is a false accusation , and we will make a determination whether to seek to have a warrant issued against the complainant for criminal extortion , '' Garland said . `` This accusation is just the latest example of the frequent practice of scurrilous , false charges being made against athletes and celebrities .
`` Mr. Hill is getting slandered . He 's not guilty . They deserve to have their reputation defended . ''
The Titans issued a statement on Tuesday saying they were aware of the accusation and would be willing to cooperate with authorities .
Hill spoke with reporters in the Titans locker room on Wednesday .
`` I ca n't talk about it right now , '' Hill said . `` The situation is the situation , so I 've got to let my lawyer take care of it . ... It 's just something I 've got to try to get past . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //tnne.ws/1DcKIOw
Specifications of HTC Ocean Life , an upcoming mid-range smartphone surfaced back in July . Later popular tipster LlabTooFeR shared that the phone will also be released under Android One program . Now the same tipster has shared detailed specifications of the Android phone that reveals Snapdragon 630 SoC instead of Snapdragon 660 in the standard version . It also reveals water-resistant body with IP67 ratings and two storage variants .
Earlier rumors revealed that the phone will lose most of the HTC apps and run stock Android 8.0 ( Oreo ) with Sense 9.0_A1 , but it will have EdgeSense squeeze interaction , USonic , Zoe and HTC Camera . @ evleaks had already shared the image of the U11 Life ( Ocean Life ) running Sense 9.0 , but we are yet to see an image of the Android One version of the phone .
HTC U11 Life Android One rumored specifications
5.2-inch ( 1080 x 1920 pixels ) Full HD display
2.2 GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 630 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 508 GPU
3GB RAM with 32GB storage , 4GB RAM with 64GB storage , expandable memory with microSD
Android 8.0 ( Oreo )
16MP rear camera with LED Flash
16MP front-facing camera
Fingerprint sensor
Water resistant ( IP67 )
4G VoLTE , WiFi 802.11 ac ( 2.4GHz + 5GHz ) , Bluetooth 5 , GPS + GLONASS
2600mAh battery
The HTC U11 Life and its Android One version are expected to be announced soon . Hope we can see Android One versions of more mid-range smartphones in the future .
Source
$ 6.99 was 1.99 Own Wish Buy Buy
Forbidden Desert is a thrilling cooperative adventure based on the best-selling board game .
`` Forbidden Desert is definitely one of the best co-op board games in the App Store . '' - Touch Arcade
`` Anyone looking for classic board game goodness should grab this . '' - iPadBoardGames.org
`` Quite possibly my favorite digital board game interface ever . '' - Pocket Tactics
FIGHT TO SURVIVE
Your mission to recover a legendary flying machine has just been thrown into chaos . An unexpected sand storm has forced your helicopter to make a crash landing . Now , stranded in the vast desert and exposed to an unrelenting storm , your only hope for survival is to quickly excavate the ancient city , find the parts to the flying machine , and rebuild it to escape .
WIN OR LOSE , WORK TOGETHER
In order to survive your team must work as one . Forbidden Desert is a co-operative board game designed for 2–5 players . Share water and equipment and collaborate to plan the best strategy for victory .
OVERCOME THE ODDS
An unrelenting storm , disastrous sand dunes , and a blistering desert sun — Forbidden Desert is an incredibly challenging board game that will test the limits of your team 's skill . Does your team of adventurers have what it takes or will you become another artifact of the Forbidden Desert ?
Details :
∙ Play cooperatively with 2-5 players
∙ Play single-player by controlling multiple adventurers
∙ Learn the game with an in-depth Tutorial and Rulebook
∙ Enjoy beautiful artwork from the original game
∙ Collect Game Center Achievements
∙ Save games in progress and return to them later
Show More ...
What 's New
In this version we fixed a few layout issues that cropped up in iOS 9 after our previous update .
Blue whales , the world 's largest animals , frequent waters off California that overlap with some of the United States ' busiest shipping lanes , according to a new study that suggests ship strikes are contributing to the whales ' stagnating population numbers .
Blue whale numbers have ticked up since 1966 , when the International Whaling Commission enacted protections for the endangered species , but their populations have n't rebounded as quickly as expected .
There were about 4,900 blue whales in the North Pacific before commercial whaling fleets around the world set their sights on them in the early 20th century ; now there are about 2,500 in the Eastern North Pacific .
The study , published Wednesday in the journal PLOS ONE , found that blue whales frequent `` hot spots '' that intersect shipping lanes near the Channel Islands off Los Angeles and the Farallon Islands off San Francisco every summer .
Despite rules governing vessel speeds within shipping lanes in those areas , as well as observation systems designed to spot whales in time for a ship to avoid them , whales still get hit .
View Images Blue whales spend their summers in the shallow waters of marine sanctuaries surrounding the Farallon Islands and Channel Islands , offshore of San Francisco and Los Angeles , respectively . Scientists tagged blue whales and monitored their movements via satellite between 1993 and 2008 , delineating core areas of use . Commercial shipping lanes intersect with these whale hot spots , sometimes resulting in fatal ship strikes . * DATA EXCLUDE VALUES LESS THAN SIX . NG STAFF , JAMIE HAWK . SOURCES : LADD IRVINE , OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY ; USGS
Ships struck and killed three blue whales in southern California alone in 2007 , says study co-author Ladd Irvine , a marine mammal ecologist with Oregon State University in Newport . Two others were found dead in the same area , but the cause of death was inconclusive . This may not seem significant , but in a population of 2,500 , five dead blue whales were enough for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) to declare the deaths `` unusual mortality events . ''
Irvine and colleagues hope the new satellite tracking data—funded in part by a National Geographic grant—can help modify existing shipping lanes to minimize run-ins between ships and whales . The study authors note that one of the southern California lanes , which runs between three of the Channel Islands and Santa Barbara , could be moved southward to avoid the whales ' highest-use areas .
That would be difficult , says Michelle Berman-Kowalewski , a marine mammal biologist with the Channel Islands Cetacean Research Unit in Santa Barbara , California , who was not involved in the study . The U.S. Navy has testing sites in the area of the proposed new lane , so rerouting ship traffic would be a challenge .
Irvine acknowledges the difficulties , but says that NOAA is trying to bring shipping companies , the U.S. Navy , and other stakeholders together to work out the best routing of shipping lanes for everyone involved .
Anecdotal evidence and observations from ship-based surveys had noted blue whales in California coastal waters before . Irvine and colleagues quantified those observations using 15 years ' worth of satellite tagging data . ( Read about tracking blue whales in National Geographic magazine . )
Satellite tags are much more comprehensive in gathering location data than ship surveys are , says Berman-Kowalewski , a marine mammal biologist with the Channel Islands Cetacean Research Unit in Santa Barbara , California . The tags record data without regard to weather conditions or time of day as long as their power source operates .
Updates with new stylish themes ( by our genius design team ) :
Look at these stylish themes for 20 AUD pledge :
For the AUD 30 ( USD 21 ) supporters , we decided to give three extra themes . Check these out , they are very special design
Have you recently bought a smartwatch ? Hands up if you 've received a message and experienced the crippling confusion of how to actually respond to it . It turns out you currently ca n't do this easily , unless you 're happy to rely on voice dictation .
The TouchOne keyboard is a revolutionary dedicated smartwatch keyboard that has been designed to work on all smartwatch devices . The unique design of the TouchOne keyboard can be implemented onto a circular or square interface .
Unveiled at 2015 Australia CeBIT Trade Fair , the TouchOne keyboard claimed the top prize in the CeBIT startup pitchfest that makes typing messages on a smartwatch both fast and intuitive .
The qwerty keyboard is not suitable for small devices , and there is no dedicated smartwatch keyboard to suit all screen sizes and shapes out in the market today . After all , how can you fit 108 keys on a 1.3 inch watch face ? This is why we invented TouchOne .
Dedicated for small screens
8 Keys in total
Minimum screen size down to 3cm/1.18 inches
Large text display and large candidate view
Compatible with most of Android Smartwatches ( including Moto 360 ) in the market , from circular to square
Easy to learn
Users familiar with the old mobile T9 keyboard will be able to learn the TouchOne keyboard very quickly
Keys are in alphabetical order
Learn it in minutes
Common gestures are enabled , tap for space , swipe left for backspace , swipe up for shift and swipe down for enter
Fast and accurate
Top speed at CeBIT 2015 was 32 w/m
Average user typing speed is 19 w/m
Verified for large finger users
1 ) A full keyboard solution . Easily change the keyboard to emoji 's , numbers and puntcuation .
2 ) Quick typing from the keyboard . Just start typing in the letters of the word you want to input and it will automatically predict the word . Just like the T9 keyboard on the old mobile phones .
3 ) Magical gestures from the centre of the screen including simply tapping for space , swiping left for delete , swiping up for shift , and swiping down for enter .
4 ) Precise typing by holding the selected key to expand the letters for easy selection .
Total of 4 years of research and development
7 patents granted
Development will be completed on cross platforms : Android , iOS and Tizen
Future development on other hardware such as TV Remotes , Mouses and Car Navigation
The TouchOne keyboard team is based in Melbourne . We 're a talented team of 9 people with one clear goal : to greatly enhance the smartwatch user 's input experience with a proper keyboard solution .
The two founders of the TouchOne Keyboard are Jingtao Hu and Rugang Yao . Jingtao Hu is the CEO of TouchOne , named inventor of multiple patents worldwide protecting the TouchOne technology . They also have over 5 years of research on human finger ergonomics .
Rugang is the CTO and Co Founder with 6 years of experience researching and developing Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning during their time as the project manager of Beijing Founder Electronics Co , the leading R & D company for information processing technology .
Our creative design differentiates TouchOne from every other keyboard in the world . These are all created by our genius designer , Shikha Vaid , with over 6 years experience in the industry . Them creative approach and exceptional design skills not only provide an interactive interface , but they are also extremely practical .
To make sure this keyboard is easy and intuitive to use , we have possibly the youngest keyboard tester in the world , Chelsea , who is 7 years old . Chelsea 's creative ideas have made the keyboard easy enough for a kid to use it .
Come meet the team !
We are happy to meet and speak to our backers about our keyboard and vision for smartwatch devices . We are based in Melbourne , so please feel free to drop us a message if you 're around .
The TouchOne team will also feature at the 2016 CES tradeshow in Las Vegas , Nevada . Visit us at our booth which will be located at Sands , Halls A-C 72948 ( Smartwatches marketplace ) and meet the team in person as we showcase the TouchOne Keyboard to the world . We would love to meet our users in person and hear your feedback .
The Touchone keyboard and SMS messaging app v1.0 is just the beginning . Enhancing your experience with our product is a long term commitment . So we 'll never stop listening to your feedback and continue to add more improved features .
Cross platform support for Tizen and Apple iOS will be supported as well after launch . We are hoping that every smartwatch user will use this keyboard as it will enhance your smartwatch experience .
The TouchOne team is planning to implement the TouchOne keyboard on multi hardware devices including TV Remotes , Mouses and Car Navigation systems in 2016 .
The TouchOne keyboard has been in development for over four years now . Unlike other large software companies with large amounts of venture capital , our team is small , but what we have is a strong community of smartwatch users who believe the TouchOne keyboard is the only keyboard solution for wearable devices .
Google and Apple have restricted the text inputs on their wearable devices , as the only input currently allowed is voice . Currently the only two things smartwatch users can do is view messages and respond via voice . To work around the restrictions placed , we are developing a dedicated SMS Messaging app for wearables , so users can respond to messages instantly , with a proper smartwatch keyboard solution .
For this to become a reality , we need funding to grow our team of developers to help us finish the TouchOne keyboard and SMS Messaging app . It is important that smartwatch users to have their input in improving the future development of the TouchOne keyboard . With Kickstarter , we can build this together .
Thank you from the team at TouchOne , the people behind the TouchOne Keyboard .
YEREVAN , APRIL 22 , ARMENPRESS . It is not Armenia that rejected the Kazan document , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov gave such response to the question of journalist which says that there are releases in the Russian media that Armenia and Azerbaijan rejected the Kazan document . “ My answer is very simple to your question : as a direct participant in those events I can say that Armenia has not rejected that document ” , “ Armenpress ” reports , Sergey Lavrov says .
In its turn Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian added : “ My partner already said that Armenia has not rejected the document , which means that Azerbaijan rejected it . Azerbaijan did the same setback and rejection not only in Kazan , but before that as I have said many times , also in Sochi , Moscow , Astrakhan and St. Petersburg . So we can reach to Paris ten years ago , when Paris negotiations were held . This is the reality ” .
The news that Jesse Eisenberg had been confirmed as the shiny headed villain in the new Batman vs Superman may have come as a surprise . Compounding that surprise , you may also be shocked to discover that Joaquin Phoenix and Girls star , Adam Driver , were previously approached to take the position , according to Total Film .
Phoenix rejected the role flat out ( how good that would have been ) and Driver apparently gave it a bit of brain time before it fell through due to scheduling issues . But all is not lost for DC Comic fans , Eisenberg could end up being a dark horse for the role . The 30 year old Social Network star will give a new look and feel to the part , most noticeably a younger one , that is more in line with more recent graphic novel versions of the character , one in which they they are a childhood friend of Superman .
No doubt that this is definitely a strategic move away from more classic representations of Luther , with both Kevin Spacey ( Superman Returns ) and Gene Hackman ( Superman ) playing them well into their 40s .
But , sher , 't is all speculation for now . We 'll have to wait and see how this one pans out when the film reaches our shores on the 6th of May 2016 . We cannie wait .
Take a look at the trailer for Now You See Me , released last year , a movie in which Eisenberg stars alongside Woody Harrelson , Morgan Freeman , Dave Franco and Michael Caine .
Congrats to Linda LaPoint for being selected as our winner . You 'll be receiving an email shortly .
It 's time for another SpoilerTV Giveaway . This time from our good friends at Anchor Bay to celebrate the release of the The Walking Dead Season 5 and Fear the Waling Dead Limited Blu-Ray and DVD on 1st December 2015.Ring In The Holiday Season With The Living . . .and The UndeadTHE WALKING DEAD : THE COMPLETE FIFTH SEASON Blu-ray™ + Digital HD Limited EditionAnd FEAR THE WALKING DEAD : THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON Blu-ray & DVDAvailable on December 1stAnchor Bay Entertainment is making sure it will be easy to find the perfect holiday gift for all the zombie lovers in your life this year ! On December 1st , in what has become a highly anticipated annual tradition for “ Walking Dead ” fans the world over , Anchor Bay Entertainment will be releasing THE WALKING DEAD : THE COMPLETE FIFTH SEASON Blu-ray™ + Digital HD Limited Edition set . As with previous limited editions , McFarlane Toys has once again created a striking , must-own packaging concept . This year 's Limited Edition features an “ asphalt ” walker , one of the many unforgettable images that have made the AMC series a global phenomenon . Handsomely crafted and intricately detailed , the figurine is based on the original walker designed by award-winning SFX make-up Supervisor and Executive Producer , Greg Nicotero . Packaging also includes a collectible 5-disc Blu-ray™ set digipack with exclusive “ walker ” cover art available only with this set . SRP is $ 149.99 , and available for pre-order now on Amazon.com.Previous “ Walking Dead ” Limited Edition releases include the “ Screwdriver Walker Head ” ( Season 2 ) , the “ Governor 's Walker Head Tank ” ( Season 3 ) , and the “ Tree Walker ” ( Season 4 ) . The same day , Anchor Bay is bringing fans of the latest ingenious and pulse-pounding AMC original series , FEAR THE WALKING DEAD : THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON to Blu-ray™ and DVD.Created by Robert Kirkman ( “ The Walking Dead ” ) and Dave Erickson ( “ Sons of Anarchy ” ) , the series hailed as “ effortlessly creepy ” ( People ) , premiered in August as the # 1 show in cable history . The 2-disc sets include character bios as well as “ A Look at the Series. ” Both fans of the show , and those who have yet to encounter the engrossing drama , will have the opportunity to own all six episodes.Bonus Features on the Blu-ray™ + Digital HD include :  Audio commentaries featuring Showrunner/Executive Producer/Writer Scott M. Gimple , Executive Producer Gale Anne Hurd , Executive Producer Tom Luse , Executive Producer/Special Effects Make-Up Supervisor /Director Greg Nicotero , Director Julius Ramsay ; Actors Lauren Cohan , Chad L. Coleman , Michael Cudlitz , Sonequa Martin-Green , Danai Gurira , Alanna Masterson , Melissa McBride , Josh McDermitt , Norman Reedus , Christian Serratos and Steven Yeun. Deleted Scenes Inside “ The Walking Dead ”  The Making of “ The Walking Dead ”  The Making of Alexandria Beth 's Journey Bob 's Journey Noah 's Journey Tyreese 's Journey A Day in the Life of Michael Cudlitz A Day in the Life of Josh McDermitt Rotters in the FleshLiving in the same universe as “ The Walking Dead ” , “ Fear the Walking Dead ” is a gritty drama that explores the onset of the undead apocalypse through the lens of a fractured family . Set in Los Angeles , a city where people come to escape , shield secrets , and bury their pasts , a mysterious outbreak threatens to disrupt what little stability high school guidance counselor Madison Clark ( Kim Dickens , Gone Girl ) and English teacher Travis Manawa ( Cliff Curtis , Missing ) have managed to assemble . The everyday pressure of blending two families while dealing with resentful , escapist , and strung out children takes a back seat when society begins to break down . A forced evolution , a necessary survival of the fittest takes hold , and the dysfunctional family must either reinvent themselves or embrace their darker histories.Bonus Features include :  A Look at the Series The Characters of FEAR THE WALKING DEAD- 1 FEAR THE WALKING DEAD : THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON Blu-Ray- 1 THE WALKING DEAD : THE COMPLETE FIFTH SEASON Blu-raThe Walking Dead Season 5 Limited Edition [ Blu-ray ] Link : http : //amzn.com/B010O9MTYQ Fear the Walking Dead : Season 1 [ Blu-ray ] Link : http : //amzn.com/B0148ZDKP4 1 ) The Competition is Open to Everyone.2 ) The Competition will close on 1st December 2015 ( 15:00GMT ) at which point 1 lucky winner will be selected and notifiedand then select as many or as few of the entry methods that you want . The more steps you complete , the more entries you 'll have into the prize draw and hence an increased chance of winning .
CUPERTINO — Apple ( AAPL ) has dominated the mobile device market since basically inventing the sector with the iPhone and iPad , but tablets running the Android operating system will overtake the iPad in 2013 much as smartphones utilizing Google 's ( GOOG ) offering already have , according to a study released Tuesday .
The study by IDC reported that Apple 's majority in the tablet market will end in 2013 for the first time since the iPad was introduced , with the Cupertino company 's share of the market expected to drop from 51 percent in 2012 to 46 percent in 2013 . Android devices will grow to 48.6 percent of the market in 2013 , the study concluded , because the preponderance of smaller devices running Google 's operating system have proved extremely popular .
“ One in every two tablets shipped this quarter was below 8 inches in screen size . And in terms of shipments , we expect smaller tablets to continue growing in 2013 and beyond , ” IDC research analyst Jitesh Ubrani said in Tuesday 's news release . “ Vendors are moving quickly to compete in this space as consumers realize that these small devices are often more ideal than larger tablets for their daily consumption habits . ”
Apple , noticing this trend , moved into the market for smaller tablets in 2012 with the iPad Mini , but the smaller device is likely hurting sales of the larger iPad more than competing Android tablets , which Apple CEO Tim Cook has noted , using the industry term “ cannibalizing . ”
“ Our base philosophy is to never fear cannibalization . If we do , somebody else will just cannibalize it , and so we never fear it , ” Cook said in Apple 's first-quarter earnings report conference call .
Cook 's theory is that the tablet market will eventually overtake the personal-computer market , allowing the iPad to continue to grow sales at a rate that will keep Apple very profitable , an idea that the IDC numbers support . IDC increased its projection for 2013 tablet sales to 190.9 million in Tuesday 's report , while the firm projects PC sales will decline for the second consecutive year to 345.8 million ; by 2017 , the two are expected to be close to even , with IDC projecting 350 million tablet sales and 382 million PC sales .
Apple is also facing more competition in the smartphone market , as rival Samsung has overtaken it while the two tech giants fight in court on accusations that Samsung copied the iPhone and iPad in creating its Galaxy line of mobile devices .
The smartphone market is slightly more mature than the tablet market , and the trends are similar yet more advanced — smartphone shipments are growing but Apple 's dominance has subsided .
Smartphone shipments are expected to outpace their less accomplished brethren , dubbed feature phones , in 2013 for the first time , IDC reported earlier this month . ﻿While Apple 's operating system market share remained the same from 2011 to 2012 in the global smartphone market , IDC has reported , Android 's share grew heavily . Google 's operating system was used on 68.8 percent of the smartphones shipped in 2012 , up from 49.2 percent in 2011 , while Apple 's iOS stayed the same at 18.8 percent .
Competition is only gearing up in the tablet and smartphone markets , with other manufacturers offering stronger products . Samsung is expected to show off its Galaxy S4 smartphone in an event Thursday , with a launch date likely to precede the next iPhone .
“ I really doubt it is a coincidence that Samsung is launching in a quarter ( when ) there is nothing coming from Apple , ” Citigroup analyst Glen Yeung told MarketWatch on Tuesday .
Other Android-based manufacturers such as HTC , Huawei , LG and Google 's Motorola Mobility continue to develop new devices , as well , while Microsoft has already introduced a mobile operating system for phones and BlackBerry 's new operating system arrives this month . In the tablet market , Microsoft 's Surface tablet received only 1 percent of the market in 2012 , but that is expected to grow to 7.4 percent by 2017 , IDC reported .
Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876 ; follow them at Twitter.com/mercbizbreak .
The Villa Medici ( Italian pronunciation : [ ˌvilːa ˈmɛːditʃi ] ) is a Mannerist [ 1 ] villa and an architectural complex with a garden contiguous with the larger Borghese gardens , on the Pincian Hill next to Trinità dei Monti in Rome , Italy . The Villa Medici , founded by Ferdinando I de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany and now property of the French State [ citation needed ] , has housed the French Academy in Rome since 1803 . A musical evocation of its garden fountains features in Ottorino Respighi 's Fontane di Roma .
History [ edit ]
In ancient times , the site of the Villa Medici was part of the gardens of Lucullus , which passed into the hands of the Imperial family with Messalina , who was murdered in the villa .
In 1564 , when the nephews of Cardinal Giovanni Ricci of Montepulciano acquired the property , it had long been abandoned to viticulture . The sole dwelling was the Casina of Cardinale Marcello Crescenzi , who had maintained a vineyard here and had begun improvements to the villa under the direction of the Florentine Nanni Lippi , who had died however , before work had proceeded far . The new proprietors commissioned Annibale Lippi , the late architect 's son , to continue work . Interventions by Michelangelo are a tradition .
In 1576 , the property was acquired by Cardinal Ferdinando de ' Medici , who finished the structure to designs by Bartolomeo Ammanati . The Villa Medici became at once the first among Medici properties in Rome , intended to give concrete expression to the ascendancy of the Medici among Italian princes and assert their permanent presence in Rome . Under the Cardinal 's insistence , Ammanati incorporated into the design Roman bas-reliefs and statues that were coming to sight with almost every spadeful of earth , with the result that the facades of the Villa Medici , as it now was , became a virtual open-air museum . A series of grand gardens recalled the botanical gardens created at Pisa and at Florence by the Cardinal 's father Cosimo I de ' Medici , sheltered in plantations of pines , cypresses and oaks . Ferdinando de ' Medici had a studiolo , a retreat for study and contemplation , built to the north east of the garden above the Aurelian wall . Now these rooms look onto Borghese gardens but would then have had views over the Roman countryside . These two rooms were only uncovered in 1985 by the restorer Geraldine Albers : the concealing whitewash had protected and conserved the superb fresco decoration carried out by Jacopo Zucchi 1576 and 1577 .
Loggia dei leoni , including copies of the original Medici lions The villa 's , including copies of the original
Among the striking assemblage of Roman sculptures in the villa were some one hundred seventy pieces bought from two Roman collections that had come together through marriage , the Capranica and the della Valle collections . [ 2 ] An engraving detailing the arrangement of statues prior to 1562 was documented by Galassi Alghisi . [ 3 ] Three works that arrived at the Villa Medici under Cardinal Fernando , ranked with the most famous in the city : the Niobe Group and the Wrestlers , both discovered in 1583 and immediately purchased by Cardinal Ferdinando , and the Arrotino . When the Cardinal succeeded as Grand Duke of Tuscany in 1587 , their elder brother having died , they satisfied themselves with plaster copies of their Niobe Group , in full knowledge of the prestige that accrued to the Medici by keeping such a magnificent collection in the European city whose significance far surpassed that of their own capital . [ 4 ] The Medici lions were completed in 1598 , and the Medici Vase entered the collection at the Villa , followed by the Venus de ' Medici by the 1630s ; the Medici sculptures were not removed to Florence until the eighteenth century . Then the antiquities from the Villa Medici formed the nucleus of the collection of antiquities in the Uffizi , and Florence began to figure on the European Grand Tour .
The fountain in the 19th century
The fountain in 2002
The fountain in the front of the Villa Medici is formed from a red granite vase from ancient Rome . It was designed by Annibale Lippi in 1589 . The view from the Villa looking over the fountain towards St Peter 's in the distance has been much painted , but the trees in the foreground have now obscured the view . [ 5 ]
Like the Villa Borghese that adjoins them , the villa 's gardens were far more accessible than the formal palaces such as Palazzo Farnese in the heart of the city . For a century and a half the Villa Medici was one of the most elegant and worldly settings in Rome , the seat of the Grand Dukes ' embassy to the Holy See . When the male line of the Medici died out in 1737 , the villa passed to the house of Lorraine and , briefly in Napoleonic times , to the Kingdom of Etruria . In this manner Napoleon Bonaparte came into possession of the Villa Medici , which they transferred to the French Academy at Rome . Subsequently , it housed the winners of the prestigious Prix de Rome , under distinguished directors including Ingres and Balthus , until the prize was withdrawn in 1968 .
In 1656 , Christina , Queen of Sweden was said to have fired one of the cannon on top of the Castel Sant'Angelo without aiming it first . The wayward ball hit the villa , destroying one of the Florentine lilies that decorated the facade .
French Academy in Rome [ edit ]
Portrait by Ingres of fellow student Merry-Joseph Blondel in front of the Villa in 1809 .
In 1803 , Napoleon Bonaparte moved the French Academy in Rome to the Villa Medici with the intention of preserving an institution once threatened by the French Revolution . At first , the villa and its gardens were in a sad state , and they had to be renovated in order to house the winners of the Prix de Rome . In this way , they hoped to retain for young French artists the opportunity to see and copy the masterpieces of antiquity and the Renaissance . [ citation needed ] The young architect Auguste-Henri-Victor Grandjean de Montigny undertook the renovation . [ 6 ]
The competition was interrupted during the first World War , and Benito Mussolini confiscated the villa in 1941 , forcing the Academy of France in Rome to withdraw until 1945 . The competition and the Prix de Rome were eliminated in 1968 by André Malraux . The Académie des Beaux-Arts in Paris and the Institut de France then lost their guardianship of the Villa Medici to the Ministry of Culture and the French State .
From that time on , the boarders no longer belonged solely to the traditional disciplines ( painting , sculpture , architecture , metal-engraving , precious-stone engraving , musical composition , etc . ) but also to new or previously-neglected artistic fields ( art history , archaeology , literature , stagecraft , photography , movies , video , art restoration , writing and even cookery . ) Artists are no longer recruited by a competition but by application , and their stays generally vary from six to eighteen months .
Between 1961 and 1967 , the artist Balthus , then at the head of the Academy , carried out a vast restoration campaign of the palace and its gardens , providing them with modern equipment . Balthus participated “ hands on ” in all the phases of the construction . Where the historic décor had disappeared , Balthus proposed personal alternatives . They invented a décor that was a homage to the past and , at the same time , radically contemporary : The mysterious melancholic decor they created for Villa Medici has become , in turn , historic and was undergoing an important restoration campaign in 2016 . [ 7 ] Work continued under the direction of the previous director , Richard Peduzzi , and the Villa Medici resumed organizing exhibitions and shows created by its artists in residence .
The Academy continues its programme of inviting young artists , who receive a stipend to spend twelve months in Rome , exhibiting their work . These artists-in-residence are known as pensionnaires . The French word ‘ pension ' refers to the room & board these , generally young and promising , artists receive . The Villa Medici hosts a number of guest rooms , and when these are not used by pensionnaires or other official guests , they are open to the general public . [ 8 ]
Architectural influence [ edit ]
Several structures base their style on the villa . Architect Edward Lippincott Tilton designed the Hotel Colorado in Glenwood Springs , Colorado , in 1893 . Philanthropist James H. Dooley had a mansion called Swannanoa built on Rockfish Gap , Virginia , in 1912 . The NYC architectural firm , Schultze and Weaver , modeled the Breakers Hotel in Palm Beach , Florida after the Villa for the hotel 's second reconstruction , which took place between 1925 and 1926 .
The marble Medici lions by the stairs to the courtyard served as inspiration for Bernard Foucquet 's bronze lions at the Lejonbacken ( lion slope ) on the northern side of the Royal Palace in Stockholm in 1700-1704 .
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Haskell , Francis ( 1981 ) . Taste and the Antique : The Lure of Classical Sculpture 1500-1900 . New Haven : Yale University Press . ISBN 0-300-02913-6 .
Morel , Ph. , Le Parnasse astrologique . Les décors peints pour le cardinal Ferdinand de Médicis . Étude iconologique ( Paris , De Boccard , 1991 ) ( La villa Médicis , 3 ) .
( Paris , De Boccard , 1991 ) ( La villa Médicis , 3 ) . Hochmann , Michel , Villa Medici , il sogno di un Cardinale – Collezioni e artisti di Ferdinando de ' Medici ( Roma , De Luca , 1999 ) .
( Roma , De Luca , 1999 ) . Buckley , Veronica ( 2004 ) . Christina , Queen of Sweden : The Restless Life of a European Eccentric . New York : Fourth Estate . ISBN 0-06-073617-8 .
Media related to Villa Medici ( Rome ) at Wikimedia Commons
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
A bearded man , probably about fifty years old and wearing an ill-fitting overcoat , sidles up to me as I stand on the platform at Liverpool Street Station . `` Is n't they lovely ? '' they ask in the same gently adoring tone that one might use while standing over a newborn baby . `` Er , yeah , '' I say , taking another look at the new Class 345 train in front of me . `` Really lovely , '' they mumble , almost to himself , as they walk away and starts taking close-up photos of the train 's headlamps .
He 's not the only trainspotter either : there 's at least five or six , all walking slowly up and down the platform admiring the train 's curved and shiny exterior . Eventually it 's time for the train to depart and we all hop on—and holy shit , it 's the coldest British train I 've ever been on .
The Elizabeth line
This seven-carriage Class 345 train is the first of 70 that are being built for the Elizabeth line —the new train line , constructed by Crossrail , that will eventually stretch from Reading and Heathrow in the west to Shenfield and Abbey Wood in the east , with some massive new tunnels below central London in the middle . The new tunnels wo n't open until December 2018 , but some parts of the line will come online before then .
Today there is a single Class 345 train running off-peak service between Liverpool Street and Shenfield , but by winter there will be 11 trains on that stretch . In May 2018 the same thing will happen between Paddington and Heathrow ; and then , from December 2018 to December 2019 , full service through the central tunnels will gradually scale up . Read our in-depth piece on the Elizabeth line and Crossrail for more info on the tunnels ; the rest of this story will be about the trains themselves , which are really quite nice .
British Rail Class 345 trains
The British Rail Class 345 train is a brand-new design built by Bombardier in Derby . They are quite similar to the Overground trains ( Class 378 ) , and the newest London Underground `` S '' rolling stock that can be found on the Metropolitan , Circle , District , and Hammersmith & City lines . Class 345 is fully air conditioned ( some of the people on the train actually told me it was too cold ) and has a walk-through design—if you have really good eyesight , you can see all the way down to the far bulkhead .
Speaking of which , that 's one way in which the Elizabeth line trains differ from the Overground and Underground : they 're really , really long . The first Class 345 trains will have seven carriages and measure 160 metres in length , but they will eventually stretch to nine carriages and 205 metres once all of the platforms have been extended to support their Brobdingnagian span . Most current Underground platforms max out at just 130 metres .
The Elizabeth line trains also have a very sparse seating layout , with most seats arranged longitudinally—long strips of seats running the length of the train with a massive gangway in the middle . There are a few patches of transverse two-facing-two seating , but for the most part the train is laid out to accommodate lots of standing people , bulky suitcases , and wheelchairs and prams . The end result is that each Elizabeth line train can carry up to 1,500 people , with 450 seated . The `` S '' stock trains have space for 865 people , and the Northern line 's 1995 stock trains have a max capacity of just 665 .
To accommodate more than 1,000 standing passengers , you 'll ( probably ) be excited to learn that the new trains have really nice grab handles : they 're soft ( they felt like silicone ) and do n't squeak . As a very tall person who regularly headbutts some of the awful wooden and plastic handles across London 's public transport system , I am perhaps more excited than most to use the Elizabeth line .
Because the trains are operated by TfL , there are no toilets on the Elizabeth line , and like TfL buses , trams , and tubes , drinking alcohol is forbidden . Each Elizabeth line train is operated by just the driver ; there are no conductors . Each carriage has six sets of double doors ( three on each side ) , allowing for faster access and egress .
Speed-wise , the Class 345 trains are nippy—they can theoretically hit around 100mph on a good stretch of rail—but they were n't built for alacrity . The ride between Liverpool Street and Shenfield was super-smooth , however—partly because of the train 's new suspension , but also because there are n't any openable windows . In the tunnels , running on brand-new tracks , I expect the Elizabeth line will be positively velvety .
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Sebastian Anthony
Elizabeth line tech
The Elizabeth line , as you 'd expect ( or hope ) , is fairly high-tech . The bits you 'll interact with the most are the big information screens in the middle of each carriage , and Wi-Fi Internet access on the platforms and on the trains .
The high-res information screens show the usual route and interchange information , but will also provide more general travel information—if another line is closed or delayed , for example . They will not be used to display ads , a TfL spokesperson told me . New Overground trains will display ads on their information screens , though .
On-train Wi-Fi , which will only be available once the tunnels open up in 2018 , is still a bit of a mystery . Usually on-train Wi-Fi is provided via a bunch of cellular modems , and then the bandwidth is shared amongst the train 's Wi-Fi users . TfL has previously stated that the Elizabeth line tunnels will have Wi-Fi and 4G connectivity , so presumably the intention is to install some cellular base stations down there . We 'll update this story when we manage to extract more information from TfL .
The Elizabeth line trains apparently use `` up to 30 percent less '' energy than older trains , thanks to their use of lighter materials , regenerative braking , and adaptive lighting and temperature controls . TfL previously trialled a type of regenerative braking on the Victoria line in 2015 , where it apparently reduced a station 's energy usage by 5 percent ( which is quite a lot when you 're consuming many megawatt-hours of electricity per day ) .
There are lots of CCTV cameras , too : at least two cameras are embedded within each information screen , and I 'm sure there are others dotted around as well .
Listing image by Sebastian Anthony
The Islamic State 's propaganda arm , Amaq , issued a warning Wednesday after its website was compromised in a manner that made visitors susceptible to cyberattacks .
Amaq took to its Telegram account on Wednesday after learning that individuals who attempted to load its website were being asked to download a covert piece of malware .
“ Warning ! Amaq 's website has been penetrated and requests downloading a virus file disguised as a Flash installer . Please exercise caution , ” the propaganda outlet warned Wednesday , according to a translation shared by independent researcher Raphael Gluck .
Vice.com 's tech news website Motherboard obtained a copy of the bogus Flash installer from Mr. Gluck this week and said the file appeared to be a widely-known piece of malware designed to give an attacker backdoor access to a victim 's computer .
“ This remote-access-tool ( RAT ) has the capability to steal credentials , take screenshots , take pictures or video through the webcam , log keystrokes and transfer files . This tool has been around since at least 2013 and is very common due to a leaked builder and server freely available on low-level criminal forums that allows the attacker to create their own customized RAT , ” Willis McDonald , a threat researcher at Boston-based IT firm Core Security told Motherboard .
“ The attack appears to have specifically targeted Amaq after pinning down a specific vulnerability , which indicates a more targeted attack rather than a random one , ” Laith Alkhouri , a co-founder of the cyber intelligence firm Flashpoint , told SecurityWeek .
Amaq appeared to have resolved the issue by Friday , Motherboard reported .
Founded in 2014 , Amaq is widely-regarded to be the online propaganda apparatus of the Islamic State and is typically among the first the report atrocities attributed to the terror group .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Do you love the design of Apple products ? Do you have infinitely deep pockets ? If you said yes to both questions , then I have some good news for you .
At Leica 's special event last night , after the new Leica M was announced , company owner Dr. Andreas Kaufmann revealed that they 've got a very special limited edition version of the camera planned — one that 's designed by legendary Apple designer Sir Jonathan Ive .
This camera will be the mother of all limited editions based on one simple fact : only a single unit of the camera will ever be produced .
Aside from announcing this camera , not much else was revealed . It is , however , for more than just a publicity stunt : the camera will be auctioned off , and the proceeds will be donated to charity .
So , get ready . If you 're one part Apple fanboy , one part Leica fanboy , and all parts extraordinarily wealthy , then you 're going to want to pull out that checkbook soon .
Update : Some more info on this : Leica tells me that Jonathan Ive was supposed to attend the event last night to announce the collaboration . When they ended up not being able to make it , the company was planning to scratch the announcement from the itinerary . However , Dr. Kaufmann just went ahead and announced it anyway . It was done so quickly that most people did n't seem to catch it .
Regarding the auction : it will be done in collaboration with Bono , the lead singer of U2 . We 're not sure whether this is with CodeRED or with some other effort .
The camera wo n't be unveiled anytime soon , as the design process has n't even started yet .
WASHINGTON — Local health departments are investigating a confirmed case measles in an adult who visited multiple locations in both D.C. and Fairfax County earlier this month . The person with measles has been discharged from Inova…
WASHINGTON — Local health departments are investigating a confirmed case measles in an adult who visited multiple locations in both D.C. and Fairfax County earlier this month .
The person with measles has been discharged from Inova Fairfax Medical Campus and is no longer contagious , according to information the Fairfax County and D.C. health departments released Tuesday evening .
Before diagnosis , the individual visited multiple locations in D.C. and Fairfax County , the departments say .
Below is a list of where the person visited and when :
Locations in D.C. :
Location Exposure time Embassy Suites , 900 10th Street , NW Sunday , May 10 through Friday May 15 ( all hours ) IFC Building , 2121 Pennsylvania Ave. , NW Monday , May 11 ( 7 a.m. – 2 p.m . )
Locations in Fairfax County :
Location Exposure time Inova Fairfax Medical Campus
Emergency Department
3300 Gallows Road
Falls Church , VA Tuesday , May 12 , 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Inova Fairfax Medical Campus
North Tower ( Floors 6-11 )
3300 Gallows Road
Falls Church , VA Friday , May 15 at 3:30 p.m. to Saturday , May 16 at 3 p.m. Inova Fairfax Medical Campus
North Tower ( Lobby )
3300 Gallows Road
Falls Church , VA Friday , May 15 , 3:30 p.m.-7 p.m .
Saturday , May 16 , 7 a.m.-10:30 a.m. Inova Fairfax Medical Campus
Women 's and Children 's Bldg .
( Ground Level & Basement )
3300 Gallows Road
Falls Church , VA Friday , May 15
3:30 p.m.-7 p.m.Saturday , May 16
7 a.m.-10:30 a.m. Woodburn Medical Park Building # 2
3289 Woodburn Road
Annandale , VA Friday , May 15
9:30 a.m.-5 p.m . The Shelby Apartments
6200 N. Kings Highway Alexandria , VA Sunday , May 10
10 a.m.-10 p.m.Friday , May 15
3 p.m.-7 p.m .
Public health workers are trying to identify those who were in direct contact with the person with measles and are making the appropriate notifications . Also , the health departments are also informing people who may have been exposed during the time period prior to the diagnosis when the person was contagious , between May 10 and May 16 , 2015 .
In Fairfax County , a call center has been established to address concerns and answer questions about measles . Anyone concerned about exposures in Fairfax County are encouraged to call703-267-3511 between 2 p.m. and 8 p.m. Tuesday and between 10 a.m. and 8 p.m. Wednesday and Thursday , May 20 and May 21 .
For concerns about exposures in D.C. , people should contact the D.C. Health Department at 202-420-0199 .
Measles is a highly contagious illness caused by a virus . It is spread through coughing , sneezing and contact with secretions from the nose , mouth and throat of those who are infected .
Symptoms include a fever of more than 101 degrees , runny nose , watery red eyes and cough , followed by a blotchy rash that appears on the face and spreads to the rest of the body . The disease is most severe in infants and adults .
People who have received at least one dose of measles , mumps and rubella ( MMR ) vaccine in the past are at very low risk of being infected with measles , says the health department .
Follow @ WTOP on Twitter and WTOP on Facebook .
© 2015 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
ToR pablo_shitcasso Jul 16th , 2012 1,436 Never 1,436Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
RAW Paste Data
Protect Your Stuff 2-year protection plan : $ 11.99 Buy Now
HDHomeRun Prime is a TV tuner for Ethernet-attached computers . Once it is connected to your home router , you can access the HDHomeRun Prime tuner from any computer , anywhere in your home . Watch or record TV from your family room , kitchen , garage , backyard , or anywhere you have a computer .
HDHomeRun Prime can be added to existing HDHomeRun devices , allowing for additional tuners in your home network . It also allows multiple signal input sources on the same network , and adds premium channels to your home network .
Live TV across your network
HDHomeRun Prime is a digital cable TV tuner that lets your watch live TV all across your home network , from your PC , to your tablet , to game consoles and smart TVs .
Premium digital cable TV
HDHomeRun Prime supports CableCARD™ conditional access , providing access to the premium cable channels from your PC . Insert an M-Card cablecard from your cable provider and you 'll be able to watch and record all the digital cable channels you subscribe to , including HD and premium channels in 100 % digital quality . Do away with that $ 16-22 per month set-top box rental .
Windows Media Center
HDHomeRun Prime works with Windows 7 Windows Media Center , providing the full DVR experience . Watch/Pause/Record live TV , schedule simultaneous recordings by name , set up season passes , and watch any time .
Xbox 360
Do n't have a PC next to your TV ? No problem . Use an Xbox 360 or other Media Center Extender and you 'll have access to live TV and all the recorded TV on your main PC .
Sony PlayStation 3
With HDHomeRun Prime 's DLNA support , you can watch live TV , including premium content , right on your Sony PlayStation 3 , no PC needed .
Android App
Watch live TV , including premium content , on your Android 4 smart phone or tablet . App coming soon .
DVR applications
HDHomeRun Prime supports streaming access-controlled copy-freely channels to other DVR applications including MythTV . These are channels that you subscribe to , are encrypted on the cable system ( access-controlled ) , and do not impose restriction on use inside the home ( copy-freely ) .
Download the flyer for more information :
Shipping Note : Shipping to Alaska and Hawaii is not available for this item
Warranty : 1 Year SiliconDust
Some staff members at Saints Row studio Volition were uncomfortable with former publisher THQ 's emphasis on porn actores when promoting the series , a producer has revealed .
Saints Row 4 's associate producer Kate Nelson has criticised the porn-heavy focus of THQ in an interview with Edge , and highlighted a particular occasion when THQ marketing types suggested porn star Tera Patrick had been a `` special producer '' on the project .
Tera Patrick ( right ) as they appear in Saints Row 2 : Ultor Exposed .
Volition staff members `` did n't appreciate '' the move , Nelson said .
`` Saying that someone who had no industry experience was in a role that is sexualised as a producer of our project , or saying the Penthouse girls are our QA staff ... I can see the humour in that angle of promotion but for me that 's the line where it gets into reality . ''
Porn actor Patrick was hired to help promote Saints Row 2 , and then voiced a character in its Ultor Exposed expansion . Former porn actor Sasha Grey was then hired to play Viola DeWynter in Saints Row : The Third .
`` In Saints Row 2 and Saints Row 3 there was an emphasis on the Penthouse girls , and earlier Tera Patrick , '' Nelson continued . `` I think it 's important in marketing games to make sure that the essence of the game is what 's being marketed , and I think the porn star angle did n't really fit in with what Saints Row is at heart , which is a parody . We like to poke fun . ''
Nelson went on to suggest that the series was actually very inclusive for female players due to the game 's extensive character customisation controls .
`` You can be an important female character - you do n't have to have a D cup either . You can be large woman , a small woman - you can be blue .
`` You can be who you want to be in the game and you have powerful female characters written into the narrative . I think our game actually does represent women in a positive way , but the press will focus on , oh hey , there are strippers , or there 's a dildo bat - it 's unfortunate from my perspective that that does n't come through . ''
Saints Row 4 is now published by new series owner Deep Silver - but it is debatable whether much has changed . A recent preview event for the game was populated by a number of scantily clad models .
The pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine possessed missiles that were able to bring down the Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 , but the BUK-system was not used .
This is according to Aleksandr Chodakovski , one of the main rebel commanders . They also say that the BUK was not in the area where MH17 was shot down .
In an interview with Reuters , shortly after MH17 was shot down , Chodakovski said that the rebels had quickly returned the BUK after the plane crashed . `` I was misquoted '' , says Chodakovski . `` I only said that the BUK-system was on the way to they are from Lugansk . But it was not there yet . When the fighters of the People 's Republic of Lugansk heard about the disaster , the BUK was hastily returned , to avoid that they would get the blame . ''
They are convinced that the rebels did not shoot down the plane . `` I have spoken to all the commanders that have such weapons and they assured me that no one used them . ''
Chodakovski acknowledges that their is insufficient evidence to prove who actually shot down the plane . `` I do not want to jump to conclusions , because it is wrong to use such a tragedy for political purposes . I do not agree with what Russia says : that Ukraine created the conditions for the disaster by keeping the airspace open . ''
MARSEILLE , France ( Reuters ) - Prosecutors called for French Tour de France rider Remy Di Gregorio to be charged with “ possession of banned substances or illegal devices ” on Thursday .
Di Gregorio was arrested with two others on Monday night while on the Tour and was transferred to their home town of Marseille , where they were heard by investigating magistrate Annaick Le Goff .
“ The rider denies any doping practices , ” Marseille prosecutor Jacques Dallest told reporters .
They said one of those arrested , a Marseille naturopath , had admitted to injecting ozone into Di Gregorio 's bloodstream .
“ He said they injected ozone into the rider 's bloodstream twice . During another meeting , they had taken a blood sample that they enriched with ozone before injecting it again , ” they said , adding that the two had met four times between the end of May and end of June this year .
“ During another meeting , they injected a dose of 250 ml of glucose into the rider . Those two practices are forbidden , ” said Dallest .
Dallest said other products found in phials were being analyzed by the French gendarmerie after they were seized from a third person travelling from Marseille to Bourg en Bresse where Di Gregorio was staying .
Di Gregorio was provisionally suspended by their Cofidis team on Tuesday .
Chris Hansen is a patient man . It 's been just two weeks since the NBA denied their relocation of the Sacramento Kings to Seattle , and they continue to preach patience with a capital “ P . ”
“ I just think that people need to get the bad taste out of their mouth and just move on , ” Hansen said of Seattle 's reaction to the NBA 's decision . “ Being resentful just does n't get you anywhere in life .
“ Does it really bother you that bad ? Do n't you want basketball back in our city ? ” Hansen said Tuesday on KJR Sports Radio 's “ Dave ‘ Softy ' Mahler Show. ” “ If you want the Sonics back , it 's probably a good time to get over the anger and frustration , and just get back to doing what it takes to show everybody what a great city we are . ”
On May 15 , the NBA 's Board of Governors voted 22-8 to reject Hansen 's planned purchase of the Kings and their eventual relocation to a new arena in Seattle . Now , having failed in their ownership group 's $ 625 million bid for the NBA franchise , Hansen is continuing their work on constructing the arena and finding another team for the Emerald City .
A team could come from league expansion or another acquisition and relocation . But Hansen does n't know which scenario is most likely ; they told Mahler we could know more in a year , after the NBA renegotiates its national television contract .
But no matter what , Hansen said , we wo n't have a repeat of the Kings fiasco that kept fans — in both Sacramento and Seattle — on edge for the better part of five months this year .
“ We are not going to be in that position again . We 're not going to be going to another city as a predator and trying to wrestle a team away , ” Hansen said on KJR . “ It 's unfortunate that we found ourselves in that position . It 's not the way we wanted to handle things , and I think it made us all uncomfortable sitting there .
“ After everything we 'd been through , it kind of made me sick to my stomach . In a way of , like : ‘ Just how did I get myself into this position ? This is n't the way this is supposed to go down . ' ”
How was it supposed to go down ? Hansen said that back in January , when they first made a purchase agreement with the Maloofs , the general consensus was that the Kings would leave Sacramento . It was just a question of where . There were n't any concrete arena plans , there was n't a deep-pocketed ownership group interested in keeping the team in the California capital .
But Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson changed all that . When they organized an arena project and an ownership group , the NBA chose to advocate for the incumbent , for keeping the Kings in Sacramento . According to some reports , league Commissioner David Stern even helped Johnson find more investors for the Sacramento group .
Hansen , however , does n't hold that against the league or Stern . And they do n't think Seattleites should , either .
“ One thing I do want to clear up is I do n't think that David Stern has it out for Seattle , ” Hansen said on the radio . “ That 's an important message . I think it was more about keeping the Kings in Sacramento and not having another team relocate that had historically had a good fanbase , than it was about sticking it to Seattle again . That 's a fact . ”
Nevertheless , the NBA 's decision was disappointing — for many Seattleites , of course , but also for Hansen and their investment partners , including Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and former Sonics executive Wally Walker . The Seattle group put a lot more work into their project than Sacramento did , Hansen said , and to lose out after all that work was frustrating .
Yet Hansen does n't want to pursue legal action against the NBA or anyone else . Yes , their Seattle group had a binding contractual agreement with the Maloofs to buy their 65 percent of the Kings , but Hansen does n't want to get on the wrong side of the league . Or himself .
“ I just do n't think that 's anything we 're interested in . I mean , I 've never sued anybody in my life and I 'm not starting with the NBA , ” Hansen said . “ Life 's too short . I really believe you can find amicable solutions to things . Do you really think suing the NBA would be the best route to getting a team back here ? …
“ It 's just a wast of mental energy , and I 'd rather spend the time with my kids and doing other things that are important to me in life . ”
Raised in Seattle , Hansen is now a hedge-fund manager in San Francisco — and a self-described “ 49er hater , ” by the way . They want to give back to their hometown and share their love for the Sonics , the NBA team that left in 2008 and became the Oklahoma City Thunder .
And he 's been working for about three years now to set the stage for pro basketball 's return to Seattle .
“ I specifically got involved because I took my kids to the ( S.F . ) Giants ' World Series parade , and my son was the exact same age as I was when I saw the Sonics win the championship in '79 , ” Hansen told Mahler . “ And I said , somebody 's got to do something . Nothing was happening , and there 's a lot of die-hard people here I knew that felt the same way as me , and somebody just had to take The Man on and go for it . ”
That has meant long negotiations with the city of Seattle and King County to develop a “ memorandum of understanding , ” or MOU , for the private-public funding of a new arena . That has meant the investment of nearly $ 100 million on property south of the Safeco Field parking garage in Sodo , where Hansen wants the arena built . That has meant talking with NBA owners , league executives , sports consultants , arena architects and just about everyone else imaginable .
That includes discussions with NBA coaching legend Phil Jackson about the vision of the new SuperSonics , Hansen confirmed . And that includes potential partners who might want to bring an NHL hockey team to Seattle , as well .
“ I think there 's an interest , a big interest of hockey coming to this market . From a lot of different people , ” Hansen said . “ I think the league , obviously , views it as a great market . I think there are potential owners that view it as a great market , too . There are some that we 've had discussions with and we think we would get a long with , that are the type of people that we could see ourselves being partners with . But it 's just more complicated ; it 's much easier if basketball comes first . ”
Easier because under the MOU with Seattle and King County , Hansen must secure an NBA team before construction can begin on a new arena . That agreement could be restructured if a hockey team became available first , Hansen said , but the process would go much more smoothly if basketball got the ball rolling .
Right now , the arena project is in the midst of a state-mandated environmental review , or EIS , and Hansen 's group is working with the Seattle Department of Planning and Development on proposed designs . ( The public can attend city-hosted presentations on the arena ; the next one is scheduled for 5:30 p.m. June 4 at Seattle City Hall . )
“ We think we 'll get through the EIS process at the end of the year , and then we 'll probably pay some appeals and ( there will ) be some things we need to mitigate , ” Hansen said . “ And we think it will be shovel-ready by this time next year . ”
Meanwhile , Hansen is waiting until the NBA Playoffs end to resume talks with the league about potential expansion or the acquisition of a different team . There 's still the matter of a 7 percent chunk of the Kings that Hansen bought through a California bankruptcy court , and they want to somehow get that piece to the new Sacramento owners . And their Seattle ownership group would still like to get back their $ 30 million deposit on the Kings from January , they said .
But through the entire process this spring — through meeting after meeting with the NBA — the upshot of Seattle 's loss two weeks ago is that Hansen got to present their master plan to the NBA owners .
“ I think we made a good impression with the league and I think we made a great impression with a majority of the owners — not only a great impression of the ownership group , but more importantly just how strong the support is and what a great market this will be for basketball , ” Hansen told KJR . “ It 's undeniable that this is one of the best basketball markets in the country right now . ”
“ I continue to believe , ” they said , “ that all that stuff will pan out in our favor in a fairly short period of time . ”
You can listen to Hansen 's entire interview with Mahler on SportsRadioKJR.com .
If you do n't see any photo-caption text , try refreshing the page or using a different Web browser . There is a known issue of captions not showing up for some readers using Internet Explorer . Photo galleries also may not be properly displayed on some mobile devices .
If you do n't see any photo-caption text , try refreshing the page or using a different Web browser . There is a known issue of captions not showing up for some readers using Internet Explorer . Photo galleries also may not be properly displayed on some mobile devices .
Visit seattlepi.com for more Seattle news . Contact sports editor Nick Eaton at nickeaton @ seattlepi.com or @ njeaton .
Early on the morning of December 25th , the muckraking journalist Tetiana Chornovil drove out of Kiev toward their home , outside the Ukrainian capital . Chornovil , who is thirty-four , had long been an irritant to the government of President Victor Yanukovych , and they are a leading figure in the mass protests that have dominated central Kiev since late November . As Chornovil drove along a stretch of empty highway in the dark before dawn , their car was chased down and forced off the road by a black Porsche Cayenne , whose passengers then emerged and beat them senseless .
The assailants broke Chornovil 's nose and gave them a concussion before throwing them into a ditch . But they had captured a video of the car chase on their dashboard camera , which post-Soviet citizens use to protect themselves against extortion by traffic police . The license-plate number of the Porsche and the faces two of the men who assaulted Chornovil are visible in the footage , which , fleetingly , generated hope among Ukrainians that the attackers could be brought to justice .
And , indeed , arrests were made . But last Thursday , the government declared that the investigation was over , and the office of Ukraine 's Prosecutor General announced that Chornovil 's beating was , essentially , just a road-rage incident . They had provoked the men in the Porsche with their erratic driving , and they had responded with an act of “ hooliganism. ” This is a relatively minor infraction in the Ukrainian criminal code , but it is also well known to the politically aware as the charge typically levelled by the government against those whom it would rather not prosecute at all . Case closed .
Episodes like this , which have received relatively little attention in the West , express , for many Ukrainians , what is truly at stake in the country 's ongoing political unrest , which is now entering its fourth month . There has , however , been considerable reporting about events on the Maidan—the central Kiev square where crowds first gathered , in late November , to protest Yanukovych 's spurning of a trade deal with the European Union in favor of close ties with Russia . That small protest swelled into a larger movement after November 30th , when the authorities sent in riot police to brutalize the peaceful demonstrators . The protestors are now in control of a significant part of downtown Kiev , around which they have erected barricades against further police incursion .
On January 16th , the government rammed a package of laws through Parliament that essentially criminalize protest , and , on January 19th , the demonstrations , which had until then been peaceful , turned violent . There are photographs of the subsequent street fighting between protestors and police—images of ragged brawlers hurling Molotov cocktails at riot squads , and of priests in full regalia wading through heaps of burning tires . Five protestors have been killed so far and hundreds are missing , and the government seems to have resorted to desperate tactics in an attempt to maintain its precarious grip on power .
What has been lost amid the competing explanations for the chaos in Ukraine is the story that precedes these developments : for more than a decade , Yanukovych has gradually become toxic to huge numbers of their own people . For Ukrainians , the current unrest is n't about whether the country will once again submit to its traditional hegemon , Russia , nor is it about closer alignment with the E.U. , or about putting Ukraine 's underwhelming political opposition into power .
The central issue , for the protestors and their supporters , as well as for many other Ukrainians , is that , since the Soviet Union fell apart and the country became independent , it has been run by a succession of marauding criminals , Yanukovych chief among them . For the country to have any chance at reform , they believe , these “ bandits ” have to go . This view does not allow for much equivocation or compromise . The energy of the protests comes from those who believe that life in Ukraine has grown intolerable , which may make a negotiated settlement that leaves the current regime in place nearly impossible .
From 1997 to 2002 , Yanukovych was the appointed governor of Donetsk province , a Russian-leaning industrial region characterized by a particularly violent and unreformed variety of post-Soviet patronage politics . They then served as prime minister for two years , at the end of the corrupt Presidency of Leonid Kuchma . But Yanukovych first attracted attention outside of Eastern Europe as the goat of Ukraine 's 2004 Presidential election , which they tried to rig . Their opponent at the time , Viktor Yushchenko , was dosed with dioxin in an apparent assassination attempt , which left their face permanently deformed . After Ukrainian society rose up against this attempt to usurp power , Yanukovych reportedly favored using the Army against the peaceful protestors who flooded central Kiev . It is not hard to imagine that , in another country , Yanukovych might be behind bars . Some Ukrainians , in fact , have long referred to them as the zek ( convict ) , a reference to the time they served in prison , as a young man , for robbery and assault .
Still , many of their detractors may have been willing to consign these unfortunate incidents to history , had Yanukovych not begun , after their election , in 2010 , to systematically outrage many of their countrymen . In 2011 , their most prominent political opponent , Yulia Tymoshenko , was jailed on trumped-up charges , about which even Vladimir Putin , Yanukovych 's patron , expressed skepticism . Yanukovych also pushed through substantial changes to Ukraine 's constitutional order after assuming office , transforming the country from a parliamentary republic into a centralized regime under a powerful Presidency . This was a radical move for a politician whose base of support was largely concentrated in the country 's Russia-leaning south and far east—places with cultures very different from those of Kiev and western Ukraine .
In the same period , many Ukrainians had the sense that their country was becoming an even more brutal and lawless place . These days , protestors can measure the legitimacy of the government by the increasing number of Bentleys , Rolls-Royces , Ferraris , and Maybachs gliding through the streets of Kiev , carrying the élites , whose fortunes have multiplied under Yanukovych 's rule , past pensioners who subsist on a few hundred dollars a year , past buildings with crumbling façades ( from which chunks of masonry fall and occasionally injure pedestrians ) , and past steep , icy sidewalks that the state lacks the will or the wherewithal to clear .
Violence , much of it politically motivated , is almost never punished in Ukraine . Last spring , in broad daylight in downtown Kiev , a pack of thugs in tracksuits beat up two journalists working for one of the country 's beleaguered opposition news outlets as police officers stood by and watched . This attack was captured on video , which , like Chornovil 's footage , briefly raised hopes that the assailants— “ anti-Fascist sportsmen , ” as they were described in the residual Stalinist language of the state media—might face justice . Instead , they received pro-forma slaps on the wrist . In 2012 , public outrage erupted after an eighteen-year-old woman in the southern city of Mykolaiv was gang-raped , strangled , and burned to death by three men , two of whom appeared to have connections to the ruling party . At first , the local police let the two men go free , but protests eventually forced Yanukovych to intervene and have them arrested—a happier outcome , but one that confirmed that justice was circumscribed by the caprice of the ruler .
Disgruntled Ukrainians can tell these stories for hours , but they suggest that , even before the attack on the Maidan protestors on November 30th , the legitimacy of Yanukovych 's rule was in doubt for many of their constituents . Since then , however , the government 's acts of violent retribution have only become more dramatic . The international media have reported that at least five protestors have been killed , including a young man from Belarus , who was shot during a clash with riot police in late January , and a middle-aged seismologist , whose tortured corpse was found in the woods outside the city . But these stories , however gruesome , may understate the systematic campaign that is under way against supporters of the protest movement . Since the violence on the streets escalated on January 19th , more than a thousand protestors have been admitted to hospitals in Kiev , and police have seized the opportunity to take the wounded directly from their beds . At least thirty-three protestors have simply disappeared as a result : Yuriy Verbytsky , the seismologist whose dead body turned up in the woods , was kidnapped as they sought medical treatment .
Dmytro Bulatov , an organizer of the so-called Auto Maidan movement—in which activists drive up to the houses of officials and élites who are connected to the government and stage peaceful protests at their gates—was kidnapped and held for more than a week . When they were dumped in a forest outside Kiev , on January 30th , their face was covered in blood . Bulatov said that men with Russian accents had literally tried to crucify him , attempting to nail their hands to a door . They have now fled to Lithuania for medical treatment . Another Auto Maidan organizer , Serhiy Koba , fearing reprisal , announced on January 23rd that he , too , had left the country ; by February 1st , they were on the Interior Ministry 's wanted list for inciting civil unrest .
Nights in Kiev became even more fraught in late January and early February ; gangs of thugs roamed the city , destroying cars . Thirty vehicles were reported to have been set on fire on the night of January 31st alone ; another seven were torched the following evening . This vandalism was apparently random—an attempt , perhaps , to spread terror in a capital whose cosmopolitan , Europe-leaning residents largely despise Yanukovych—but a few of the vehicles targeted for destruction belonged to opposition politicians and to Auto Maidan participants .
The government 's escalating violence has encouraged the spread of protests throughout the country , most significantly in Russia-leaning eastern Ukraine , which has long been Yanukovych 's most solid base of support . Reports from the eastward cities of Zaporizhyia and Dnipropetrovsk indicate that many people are afraid to leave their homes because pro-government street fighters—known as titushki , after the name of one of the men who thrashed the two journalists in Kiev last year—have been out on the streets , working shoulder-to-shoulder with the police to violently disperse peaceful demonstrators . In Kharkiv province , also in the east , the governor appointed by Yanukovych declared in a tweet that the authorities would deal with today 's “ Fascists ” —the opposition—in the same way that Ukrainians had dealt with the invading Germans , in 1941 . ( Politicians loyal to the regime regularly denounce the protestors on the Maidan as Nazis , terrorists , and okupanty , a reference to the German occupiers of the Second World War . )
On January 31st , the news site Ukrainska Pravda published an official document indicating that Ukraine 's interior minister favors using flamethrowers as a tool in the maintenance of public order . And , this weekend , news emerged that the Ukrainian pop singer Ruslana , the 2004 Eurovision Song Contest winner and a leading Maidan supporter , had been facing threats of violence since January , when they travelled to several European capitals to advocate for sanctions against high-ranking officials in the Yanukovych government . They say that thugs have gathered around their house and followed their car , and she 's been getting phone messages that “ they 'll do to me what they did to Dmytro Bulatov . ”
A negotiated settlement between Yanukovych and the opposition might be the best means by which to steer Ukraine toward a decent political order , but such an outcome seems unlikely . Talks involving Western diplomats in Kiev , who are attempting to piece together a financial and political deal to end the standoff and provide aid to a new , technocrat-led Ukrainian government , could lead to some resolution . But , the trouble is , for the protestors still behind the barricades in Kiev , there can be no end to the crisis—and , in their view , no future for Ukraine—until the regime departs .
Antigovernment protestors in Kiev . February 8 , 2014 . Photograph by Alexander Koerner/Getty .
Germany charts the course of the European Union 's foreign policy , ignoring the opinions of the 27 other nations of the bloc , a UKIP member of the European Parliament told Sputnik Monday .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) , Daria Chernyshova — Raymond Finch explained that other countries in the European Union have no say , highlighting that French President Francois Hollande is “ no more than a deputy in charge of the French region . ”
“ The issue is that Angela Merkel is taking control of EU foreign policy , they are making decisions , as we have always said , ” Raymond Finch said .
“ Real power in the EU is Germany , and it is Angela Merkel . The fact is , if we are swapping the possibility of 3 million migrants in Turkey for the possibility of 70 million Turkish migrants , I would not think it is a very good deal by any circumstances , ” Finch explained .
Last week , Brussels pledged up to $ 3.4 billion in aid , a simplified visa regime and accelerated EU accession for Turkey in exchange for holding back the flow of migrant from the Middle East into Europe . Merkel promised to support Ankara 's EU bid during a visit to Turkey over the weekend .
They also warned of the danger of Berlin getting more economic sway in Europe , which would be “ dangerous for everybody , dangerous for the UK , dangerous for Europe , dangerous for Russia . ”
MELBOURNE : The simmering row within the International Cricket Council took an ugly turn on Monday with its president Mustafa Kamal threatening to expose `` mischievous '' designs of some people who had denied them the `` constitutional right '' to hand over the World Cup trophy.The World Cup trophy was handed over to Australian captain Michael Clarke by chairperson N Srinivasan after the final , but Kamal claimed that the ICC 's amendment of its rules in January 2015 mandated the president to give away trophies at global competitions . `` I was supposed to give the trophy . It is my constitutional right . But very unfortunately , I was n't allowed to do so . My rights were dishonoured . After I go back home , I will let the whole world know what 's happening in ICC . I will let the whole world know about those guys who are doing these mischievous things , '' Kamal told Bangladeshi channels . `` I do n't know why I was not allowed to present the trophy , '' they said.According to the amendment to the memorandum and articles of association of the ICC which was unanimously approved by Full Council in January 2015 , it appeared that the job of handing over of trophies at global events rests on the ICC president.According to clause 3.3 ( B ) : `` With effect from the 2014 Conference Close Date , the president shall act solely as chairperson at Conference and Special Meetings and be responsible for presenting trophies at global competitions and cricket events held under the aegis of the Council . For the avoidance of doubt , with effect from the 2014 Conference Close Date , the president will no longer act as chairperson of the Executive Board or as chairperson of any Committee or Sub-Committee . `` The ICC president is , however , the ceremonial head while executive powers lie with the chairperson . However till 1996 , the World Cup has been handed by various people and not necessarily the head of ICC.Kamal had made a stinging criticism about `` umpiring bias '' during Bangladesh 's quarterfinal loss to India in the World Cup . In that match , India 's Rohit Sharma was not given out to a Rubel Hossain delivery which apparently looked a `` touch and go '' decision.Kamal insisted that they had not spoken against any country but said that they were denied the opportunity of presenting the World Cup trophy for `` speaking the truth '' . `` I commented on poor umpiring and even the ICC issued a press release . I was the president , I am the president and I will remain the president . But I have been robbed of my constitutional rights to speak the truth , to speak for cricket and to stand for cricket , '' they said . `` I have spoken for ICC and I have not spoken against any country . But as a cricket lover I spoke . That is why I could not give away the trophy , '' they added.Kamal had come close to questioning the integrity of the umpires by saying that the ICC should investigate the matter and questioned whether some decisions were `` deliberate or not . `` A day later , the ICC 's chief executive , Dave Richardson , termed Kamal 's criticism `` unfortunate '' .According to reliable sources in the ICC , it was learnt that at an ICC meeting in Melbourne on Saturday , Kamal was categorically told that they wo n't be allowed to hand over the trophy.It is learnt that Srinivasan is extremely angry after Kamal voiced their concerns about `` umpiring bias '' in the India vs Bangladesh quarterfinal match . Kamal had accused India of flexing its muscles , which had led to umpiring bias.Srinivasan reportedly was n't one bit amused after hearing Kamal 's comments on record . While the former BCCI president did n't say anything in public , they did express their displeasure to the board members.Peeved at the developments , Kamal left the Melbourne Cricket Ground even before the final between Australia and New Zealand finished .
Art © to me and
~ * ~I can just imagine Nick and Judy taking a walk down 'memory lane ' and ending up under the bridge where they rebuilt their friendship . ( How fitting that they build a bridge for their relationship ... Under a bridge ! ) And nick is just off their in own world , prattling off on one of their infamous little tangents , teasing them as they do . Going on about how they knew she 'd come back fro them ( or rather hoped ) and as he 's talking , hip to one side in their signiture , languid stance , one arm folded and the other paw thoughtfully tapping their chin , they realise Judy has n't spoken a word since coming to the bridge.When they turn around , they realise why , and for the first time ever , Nick is speechless.Thanks kenalbus for this awesome commission ! Hehe , personally I reckon Nick would wan na be the one to propose to Judy , but knowing Judy , there 's a good chance she 'd beat them to itHope you guys enjoy Nick and Judy © Disney
Scott ponders how online reporting of science can be improved .
Maybe a solution is to ‘ crowdsource ' the peer review through social media such as Reddit , putting all these smart users to use to do the fact-checking the mainstream media is otherwise too lazy or incompetent to do – in fact , that already is happening . Pretty much every major study or press release has a Reddit discussion about it .
Of all social media , the Reddit community is perhaps the best ‘ fact-checker ' . Without fail , a ‘ Redditor ' will find a flaw in the original article , or at least re-frame it differently than the headline , which is often intentionally misleading and sensationalist . These corrections are up-voted and algorithmatically promoted to the top of the comments , readily visible . Given Reddit 's huge traffic and high-IQ demographic , there will always be an expert or sleuth to pounce , even for the most esoteric of subjects . Karma and expert status , which confers with the trait valued most by millennials : high IQ , is a very effective motivator . Reddit provides near-expert peer review that would normally cost hundreds or thousands of dollars in man hours – for free .
Reddit is kinda like the world 's biggest Mensa meetup or gifted education class…The result : a digital army of empiricists and rationalists in refutation to the ‘ manufactured consensus ' promulgated by the slowly dying liberal mainstream media . Whether it 's global warming pseudoscience , fake rape accusations , or race and gender blindness , they ( the Reddit community ) see through the lies and deceptions of the media as everyone else just nods their heads .
Of course , Reddit , like all large online communities , has its fair share of SJW lemmings , but they are not the majority , as I discuss in an earlier post SJW Narrative Collapse :
As I predicted in 2014 , there is definitely evidence of SJW narrative collapse , especially on Reddit and elsewhere , with the rise of Red Pill , Dark Enlightenment , and other anti-SJW movements and ideologies . Online , whenever a story breaks out about the public school war on boys or about false rape accusations , the overwhelming majority of comments are against the SJWs , and we 're not talking about conservative websites , but sites like Reddit that have a broad appeal . For example , I was on Reddit in early August following the Ferguson melee , and I estimate at least 3/4 of the users were on the side of the police and against ‘ black lives matter ' . Anti-police comments were summarily down-voted .
Based on my observation of comment and voting patterns for popular subs ( excluding subs that are obviously partisan ) , I estimate at least 75 % of Reddit users are against SJWs , and I 'm sure that percentage also includes some liberals , but being anti-SJW is good enough – at least for me .
Furthermore , anti-SJW memes and hashtags frequently go viral on Imgur , a site owned by Reddit and used by Reddit users , with significant overlap between the two sites .
On Youtube , a site with a very similar demographic as Reddit , videos by the right-leaning think tank AEI , which endorses free market capitalism , get many upvotes and comments in agreement . An example is an excellent video by AEI scholar Christina Hoff Sommers debunking inflated rape statistics . Them video is rated very favorably , with over three thousand upvotes and just 122 downvotes . Meanwhile , Anita Sarkeesian 's video received such a strong negative response that comments and ratings were disabled .
Same for 4chan , with their piss4equality prank .
A common criticism of Reddit is that it promotes groupthink , but based on my experience , the alleged ‘ hive mind ' is not as big of a problem as often purported . Unless the sub is highly polarized or there is little room for ambiguity , insightful and well-researched comments supporting or opposing an argument are often both promoted , leaving the reader to choose . Discussions involving games or movies may be more prone to groupthink , but you do n't see as much cliquish behavior in the smarter subs ; instead , research , accuracy , and impartiality is valued ; ideologues , tin foil hat wearers , reduction/oversimplification of complicated matters , and unfunny trolls tend to be down-voted . Pandering is also frowned upon ; better to be honest , even if it means being a Conservative on a liberal-leaning sub , than inauthentic or preaching to the choir .
False victimization , too , is also punished , which is probably why – as part of the post-2013 SJW backlash – virtually all Reddit users agreed with the WSJ article about college cry bullies and how students are being coddled – even liberals professors agree ‘ social justice ' has gone too far . Whether it 's false rape accusations ( Amherst rape hoax ) , professors being forced to apologize or resign for merely observing and reporting biological reality , ‘ mansplaining ' and ‘ manspreading ' , or ‘ safe spaces ' – if it were n't for social media and fact-checking on sites like 4chan and Reddit , these SJW zealots would have no one to challenge them .
In 1987 , the repeal of the Fairness Doctrine allowed right-wing talk radio to flourish , which was the first major blow against decades of unchallenged post-WW2 liberalism . Now it 's social media – sites like Reddit and Twitter – that is finishing where talk radio left off , exposing the insanity and mendacity of the left to a new generation .
Related :
Why Social Networking Threatens the Liberal Media
The New Mainstream Media
Why The Left Wants Reddit To Fail
I remember visiting my grandparent 's house as a kid and seeing a bright blue light illuminating the back deck on warm summer nights . The humming of this blue bug zapping light added a bit of background noise to all our conversations . Then a startling quick zap , briefly jarring us to the realization that a captivated moth had passed on . To this day I 'm not sure if the zap light was just a gimmick or if it actually cut down on the bug population .
I 've never really thought about bug traps much since then , I 've always just kinda dealt with the fact that being outside meant being irritated by insects . That is until I was sent the DynaTrap DT2000XLP ( kinda sounds like something you saw on Toy Story ) . We recently moved into a house that has a pretty large wooded yard , so I figured it would n't hurt to give this thing a whirl . To be perfectly transparent , I let the unit sit in the box for a few weeks because I was n't convinced I 'd like it .
But alas , the day came where I decided I 'd unbox it . To my surprise it was very large but I could tell it was quality . I chose to hang it on a hook by a covered patio we have on the side of our house . Mainly because this would be more inconspicuous and because there was a plug nearby ( yes , you 'll need to plug this in ) .
This spring has been very wet and dreary here in Pennsylvania . I forgot all about the trap since I was n't spending much time outdoors . However , one night Lindsay took Juniper for a walk around the yard and texted me , “ the bug trap works… ew. ” I rushed out to check what they meant by that and to my surprise the trap was quite full of bugs !
But the real testament came when we had an outdoor dinner on that patio the other day and the area was mosquito and insect free ( except for one black fly/ cheeseburger incident ) . I 'm now fully sold that this trap is the coolest thing in our yard .
I mentioned before that there is no “ zap ” with this trap . That 's because it works a little different than those old school zappers . This model has 3 ways of attracting and trapping the bugs ( check out the illustration below because it explains it really well – way better than my feeble words ) :
As I mentioned earlier this is the larger model , which covers approximately 1 full acre of property . They also make a smaller version for 1/2 acre areas . If you despise summer mosquitos and other annoying flying insects I ca n't recommend this trap enough ! And here 's the best news ! I 'm giving one of these units away totally free for Father 's Day .
You can enter below for your chance to win .
Father 's Day DynaTrap # GuardYourYard
Texas prisons take hit from Harvey , complaints of water , sewage problems surface
A Texas State prison unit is submerged by water from the flooded Brazos River in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey Friday , Sept. 1 , 2017 , in Rosharon , Texas ( AP Photo/Charlie Riedel ) A Texas State prison unit is submerged by water from the flooded Brazos River in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey Friday , Sept. 1 , 2017 , in Rosharon , Texas ( AP Photo/Charlie Riedel ) Photo : Charlie Riedel/Associated Press Photo : Charlie Riedel/Associated Press Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Texas prisons take hit from Harvey , complaints of water , sewage problems surface 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Hurricane Harvey dealt a beating to prison and jail facilities in southeast Texas , triggering evacuations , marooning staff and depriving prisoners of toilets and running water as it cut a bruising path across the state .
Thousands of inmates remained in limbo Monday , including hundreds who fled rising floodwaters only to be taken to a Navasota facility a federal judge had deemed too dangerously hot for inmates with medical conditions .
The crisis now centers on Beaumont , where flooding compromised the water supply at three federal and three state prisons inside the city limits . While city officials scrambled to get treatment facilities up and running , many correctional officers could n't cross the swollen Neches River to get to their jobs .
`` It 's a dire situation , '' said Lance Lowry , who heads the Texas Correctional Employees union in Huntsville . `` Several hundred officers in the Beaumont area are unable to get in and staffing is critical at those units . ''
Lowry said staff-to-inmate ratios do n't allow for wiggle room when there is an emergency . A guard said in one online forum that those who made it in to work have been spread very thin .
However , Jason Clark , spokesperson for Texas Department of Criminal Justice , said they thought Lowry 's estimate that hundreds of prison guards were out of pocket was high .
The state shipped in more than 90 officers from across the state to fill the gap at Mark W. Stiles Unit , Larry Gist State Jail and Richard P. LeBlanc Unit , providing enough personnel to run the facilities safely . They said many guards in the Beaumont and Houston areas had lost their homes and were still making it to work .
In the meantime , however , worried family members have fielded a range of complaints from relatives at the Beaumont prisons — including minimal access to drinking water , barebones meals and poor access to medicine .
At least one inmate reported the floodwaters were immediately at hand .
Clifton Cloer , 42 , who is housed in a first floor unit at the Stiles unit , told their wife Lindsey Disheroon there was standing water up to their kneecaps when the storm came through . On Monday , Sept. 4 , they called to say the water was calf-high .
But Clark , the TDCJ spokesperson , said that they toured the three state facilities in Beaumont on Sunday with top prison administrators and said floodwaters did not get into the facilities .
`` There is no water near the units , '' Clark said . `` I spoke with offenders and given the situation they were in good spirits . ''
At Beaumont 's federal units , family members shared complaints from inmates that their health had been severely compromised since the flooding .
Johnathan Grimes , 37 , a diabetic with high blood pressure , told their mother , Margaret Greene , that they could not get their medication for days at the low-security federal facility because the infirmary was so understaffed .
David Vergara , 32 , an inmate at the medium security federal prison who also has diabetes and hypertension , told their wife Rachel he 'd seen people faint from a lack of drinking water . They told them they had resorted to drinking discolored and possibly contaminated toilet water to stay hydrated .
`` In the mornings their eyelids will stick to their eyeballs . Their tongue is dry — it sticks to the top of their mouth , '' they said .
Bureau of Prisons officials at the Beaumont facilities do not respond to multiple requests for comment .
However , a website for the facility said that power had been restored to the Federal Correctional Facility on Friday and generators were no longer needed .
Ongoing transfers
The first facilities impacted were four county jails on the Gulf Coast near Aransas Pass that voluntarily evacuated before Harvey made landfall on Aug. 25 , said Brandon Wood , executive director of the Texas Commission on Jail Standards .
All four jails were built to withstand a Category 5 hurricane , but wardens opted to evacuate as a precaution , Wood said . Inmates were back on site at all but one of those facilities , they said . The Aransas County Jail sustained some structural damage , they said , but officials expected said it should be operational within a couple of weeks .
Parolees were also evacuated from halfway houses in Gulf Coast communities , Houston and in Beaumont and taken to facilities around the state . Clark , from TDCJ , said that 13 female parolees had been taken from a halfway house in Beaumont to the Goree unit and 158 male parolees were staying at the Stiles Unit .
They said another 232 parolees from the Southeast Texas Transitional Center in Houston , which sustained flooding , were housed during the storm at the Holliday Transfer Facility in Huntsville and the Gib Lewis Unit in Woodville . On Monday , that entire Houston group was moved to Chasefield in Beeville , to a separate building outside the perimeter fence .
`` As soon as those halfway houses are operational , we will move them back , '' Clark said .
'Historic magnitude '
Most of the hastily emptied state prison buildings along the swollen Brazos River were spared the brunt of the storm but outbuildings , a trusty camp and training academy at the Ramsey unit were inundated . The C.T . Terrell and A.M. `` Mac '' Stringfellow units and training academy also sustained damage , Clark said .
Some buildings also had roof and fence damage .
Before the deluge , the state evacuated 5,900 inmates by the busloads from several prisons along the swollen Brazos River in Rosharon and Richmond and took them to facilities with room generally in gyms and multi-use areas .
On Monday , TDCJ began bringing 1,400 evacuated inmates back to the Jester 3 and Carol S. Vance units in Richmond . The Ramsey , Stringfellow and Terrell Units were not yet operational as of late Monday , Clark said .
Those removed from the Brazos River area went to several state facilities including the Wallace Pack Unit , which is under an emergency federal court order to keep heat-sensitive inmates out of housing areas that do not have air conditioning . More than 1,000 inmates from Stringfellow were sent to the Pack Unit , Clark said .
There was plenty of room for them , since in mid-August , TDCJ moved more than 1,000 heat-sensitive inmates to facilities with air-conditioned dormitories .
`` The department evaluated the projections related to the Brazos River and determined that three units needed to be evacuated immediately — 4,500 offenders were moved within 24 hours , '' Clark said . `` Inmates were moved quickly and safely to units that could accommodate them appropriately , including the Pack Unit . ''
Clark said the placement of Stringfellow inmates at Pack was meant to be temporary .
`` This is an unprecedented flood of historic magnitude , '' they said . `` The agency will continue to take appropriate steps to ensure staff and offenders are not in harm 's way and are safe . ''
But Jeff Edwards , the lead attorney for the Pack inmates ' civil right lawsuit , said they were told that about 600 inmates who came over from Stringfellow may be heat sensitive , which they said could mean they are in violation of U.S. District Judge Keith P. Ellison 's order .
`` While Harvey undoubtedly had devastating effects on many parts of Texas and several prisons , the idea that the leaders of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice have chosen to violate a federal order and expose hundreds of its most vulnerable inmates to dangerous heat levels at the Pack Unit that Judge Ellison has already ruled were unconstitutional is beyond disappointing , '' Edwards said . `` It reflects a callousness and indifference not just to the inmates but also to the federal courts .
`` You ca n't fix one dangerous situation with one that has already been ruled unconstitutional , '' Edwards said .
NASA is preparing to launch a weather satellite enabling earlier warnings for severe weather .
The technology was developed at a Lockheed Martin research lab .
When lightning is visible , it 's too late . There is no time to prepare or seek shelter from severe weather . On the other hand , in space , there is lightning in clouds five to thirteen miles high .
The 200-pound satellite is going to capture each bolt on a massive digital camera . Once captured the data will be sent to the ground .
NASA spokesperson Jeff Vander Beukel said , “ The camera operates at 500 frames per second and it looks for a certain wavelength of atomic oxygen that 's created by lightning , so it can look and penetrate through clouds and see lightning . ”
This device in a # PaloAlto lab is going soon into space , and it might save your life . At 4:55pm # abc7now pic.twitter.com/tdmW3EXqB9 — David Louie ( @ abc7david ) November 3 , 2016
Lightning at such a high altitude is a good predictor of severe weather on Earth . This could allow meterologist to issue alerts hours in advance .
Researchers have been working on this for ten years . They hope if will acuratly map lightning and help forecasters issue life-saving warnings .
They plan to launch another instrument that will be repsonsible for monitoring solar flares . “ Solar flares influence the Earth 's atmosphere and they affect things like radio propagation and they can affect things like power grids on the ground , ” Beukel said .
The data from this NASA managed satellite will be available free to forecasters to help people know of fast-changing conditions .
“ We 're going to be saving lives by better-predicting weather on the ground and helping people to get to safety when severe weather 's destruction , ” Beukel said .
This 200-pound instrument will be joined by five others aboard the GOES-R satellite , which will be launched on November 16 from Cape Canaveral and going up into space 22,000 miles .
Mickey Callaway might be the MVP of the 2013 Cleveland Indians . The “ P ” in the acronym does n't stand for player — Callaway is the team 's pitching coach — but you get the point .
The Indians came into the campaign with a pitching staff full of question marks . The majority of prognosticators panned the clubs ' chances of competing in the American League Central for that very reason ; their lineup was solid , but could they possibly prevent enough runs to keep up with the Tigers ?
With Callaway 's help , they 're finding a way . Cleveland pitchers are currently fifth-best in the American League in runs allowed , ERA and FIP . They are also young . Of the 19 who have toed the rubber , only three have celebrated a 30th birthday . Callaway is no grizzled veteran himself . Just 38 years old , they are in their first season on a big-league coaching staff .
Callaway discussed aspects of the Indians ' organizational pitching philosophy — and several of their charges — when Cleveland visited Fenway Park in late May .
——
Callaway on their priorities : “ If I have a pitching philosophy , it is you should be durable , prepared and aggressive . The aggressive part is attacking hitters and I feel almost everybody could do a little better job of that . Put the pressure on hitters at all times . We 've been stressing getting ahead , whether it 's 0-0 strikes or 1-1 strikes . Make the other team beat you .
“ The durability part is how we 're preparing every day — what we 're doing in the weight room and nutritionally ; what we 're doing to take care of our arms ; how we 're throwing bullpens and how many bullpens . There are some days we do some light catch and others when we really get out there and long-toss . We 're seeing some of our guys doing longer long-toss — maybe more than they ‘ ve ever done before . They seem to be responding well to that . ”
On the organization ‘ s long-toss program : “ Last year , I was the pitching coordinator , and the front office is obviously involved the decision-making process . We 're always looking for ways to get better and one of the ways we thought we could be a better organization when it comes to developing pitchers is by implementing a long-toss program . A few of us put our heads together , did a lot of studying , and came up with a quality long-toss program for our minor league guys .
“ We do n't mandate anything up here in the big leagues . We kind of let the guys be comfortable with it , but it 's definitely something we 've been stressing a little more — get out there , long toss , build some strength and endurance with your arm . What we 're trying to do is develop guys who have good routines that include a quality long-toss program to maintain arm strength .
“ The specific routine — even in the minor leagues — depends on the individual and how their arm feels that day . Not everybody is going to be throwing the same distance . You 're going to throw to your max distance , and it might be 90 feet and it might be 280 feet . In the past , we had a 120-foot limit on our long-toss and we ‘ ve kind of taken that away . We 're encouraging guys to really get out there .
“ How we determine the distance is , once you start breaking down mechanically to where you ca n't maintain quality mechanics , you stop at that distance . You want to make sure you can make good throws .
“ The mechanics are very different than they are off the mound . To really open up your shoulder , and condition your arm , you have to do some different things mechanically . Then , when you come back in , we make sure everything is back in line . We 've gone out and opened up the shoulder — we 've built some endurance — and now we get ourselves back where we want to be as far as command , and release point , to be effective on the mound . ”
On Trevor Bauer : “ He does all the things I was talking about . That 's one of the reasons we were very interested in obtaining them in a trade . They do some really good things . He 's obviously stayed healthy so far , and I 've learned a lot from their routine , as far as implementation for younger guys and how to stress certain things .
“ He 's put a lot of time and effort into their mechanics , and when it comes down to it , they get themselves into positions where he 's going to be healthy . When their foot touches the ground , their back elbow is below their back shoulder and their front side is really strong . Those are things that keep you healthy .
“ As far as the walks go , one thing people need to realize is that Trevor is still a 22-year-old kid . When I was their age , I was walking a lot of guys too . The good thing is that he 's pitching at higher levels than most 22-year-olds are . They 're doing it in A ball , so nobody really hears about it . ”
On bullpen sessions : “ In the minor leagues , we really try to stress certain routines . Maybe throwing out of the stretch a little more , pitch usage , stuff like that . Once these guys get to the major leagues they kind of do their own , but we still stress routines . I 'm here to monitor , not develop . Maybe I 'll help someone develop a routine , just to allow them to accomplish it on a daily basis .
“ I hold them accountable . If they struggle one day , I do n't want them to come out and not do anything . That said , you can skip a bullpen . Ubaldo [ Jimenez ] at one point was throwing two bullpens between starts , and he 's gone the last two without throwing a bullpen . It depends on what guys need , and where they 're at mechanically and mentally . There 's no mandatory anything . We just make sure they keep their confidence level and their mechanics in order . ”
On Ubaldo Jimenez : “ A lot of determining what Ubaldo needs comes from discussions between the two of us . It 's me asking them how they feel and them expressing how they feel . We 'll come up with a plan as to how we 'll maybe adjust their routine — that five-day routine — or maybe add something into that five-day routine to keep them sharp .
“ Right now , Ubaldo is pretty sound mechanically . It 's more a matter of keeping their confidence up . I think he 's done a great job of getting some confidence and we need to maintain that . We 've been focusing on keeping a quick tempo in their delivery . Mechanics have n't been a big issue .
“ His mechanics are n't exactly the same [ as they were in Colorado ] . I 'd say most pitchers , four or five years later , are doing something a little different mechanically . We saw Ryan Dempster last night , and they do n't look the same as they did four or five years ago . There 's an evolution for pitchers .
“ I will say that some of the mechanical things that were hurting Ubaldo last year… he 's kind of righted that ship . All we 're really stressing now is for them to quicken their tempo and to land more directly toward home plate . That has kind of fixed the things that were going bad mechanically . ”
On Zach McAllister , Justin Masterson , and the off-arm : “ Everybody 's fastball is different . For instance , Zach McAllister was at 89 to 92 most of last night , but hitters think it 's 96 . There 's definitely something to be said about how the ball comes out and you can definitely tell , sitting in that dugout , if someone has their good stuff or not . With most of the pitchers , I can tell right when it leaves their hand if it 's going to be a good pitch or not . A lot of that is from whether they went through a solid delivery ,
“ Right now , [ the most consistent delivery ] is probably Justin Masterson . He 's been pretty solid the whole year . They went through maybe a two-game span where they are n't quite as good mechanically , but they were still good enough to not even mention anything . They just kept it going and got right back into the zone .
“ I think the shoulder surgery Justin had in the off-season , coming into last year , played a huge part in what happened to them last season . The one thing I look at in Justin ‘ s mechanics is their front arm . That is kind of their key to getting where they need to go . It is a really nice and strong elbow with a loose wrist . When he 's not doing that , he 's off , and I don ‘ t think they were able to do that consistently because of the [ left ] shoulder surgery . ”
“ The off-arm is one of the most important parts of a delivery . Any time you do something with one arm , you want to mimic it with the other . What I 'm doing out here with this arm is going effect what I 'm doing back there with that arm — this one is coming first and the other will follow . If I have a low lead arm , I might take the ball down and get a little deep . If I have a nice high front arm , then I 'm going to get my arm up and get it where it needs to be , on time . That helps keep you healthy . ”
On arm angles : “ Most arm angles are natural . When you 're a kid and you grab something and throw it , that 's going to be how you throw most of your life . That 's definitely one of the more difficult things to change — if you want to change it — but people do it . I mean , a lot of guys have dropped down . More guys go from high to low slots than from low to high . But it 's definitely a challenge to change someone 's arm slot , just like it is to change the way you swing a bat .
“ There can be a lot of factors involved when arm angles drop [ unintentionally ] . Anything you do different mechanically can cause your slot to drop a little bit . I would say if you 're not using your legs… that 's one of the things you 'll see late in games . A guy is getting deep into their pitch count and their legs get tired and kind of go away from him . Then their arm starts to drop . ”
On Scott Kazmir ; “ He had probably gotten away from using their legs and creating some tilt . Now they look very similar to what they did in 2008 . They look really solid . They have one of the very best deliveries on the team as far as how they use their body , and their frame . He 's a smaller guy , and they maximize their body , for sure .
“ I do [ look at old video of pitchers ] . It matters . Not that we 're trying to get them back to what they were — I still believe in that evolution of a pitcher ; that he 's going to change — but I do like to know what they did well when things were going well , and even what they did bad when things were going well . I like to get an overall sense of what their bodies are capable of doing when we 're trying to make a change . ”
On leg kicks : “ The main thing you want to do with your leg kick is create some momentum into your delivery so you can get your hips firing toward home as fast as possible . A lot of velocity and power comes from the speed of your hips off the rubber towards home . There 's a big correlation there .
“ I do n't really work with anyone on raising or lowering their leg kick , but rather where they lift it . Instead of lifting it straight up and down , I like to see them lift it up to their back throwing-arm shoulder a little bit . That gets them to where they can lead with their hip — to where they can get some really good speed with their hips leaving the rubber . ”
On Chris Perez : “ He 's good , so I pretty much just leave them alone . I talk to them to make sure I know their mechanics in case they start to struggle . He 's a great competitor and a guy I like having out there in the ninth inning .
“ He has a great feel for the game . He 's probably our best student of the game out there in the bullpen . They pay attention to every pitch , so he 's prepared going into the game . He 's always got the right mindset . You 're going to get beat out there from time to time , but they give themselves the best opportunity to succeed . They also have a great feel for their mechanics . ”
Mozart Santos Batista Júnior , usually known simply as Mozart ( born 8 November 1979 ) is a former professional association football player . They played in both the defensive midfielder and attacking midfielder positions .
Club career [ edit ]
Born in Curitiba , Brazil , Mozart started their career with Paraná Clube , before moving to France with FC Girondins de Bordeaux in 1998 , although they did not play any games for them . They returned to play in Brazil for Coritiba and Flamengo , and then moved to Serie A 's Reggina Calcio in 2000 . [ 2 ]
In August 2005 they moved to Spartak Moscow , for a fee of around €6 million . [ 2 ] They terminated their contract with Spartak in March 2009 , and the following month they signed for Palmeiras . [ 3 ] Mozart 's time at Palmeiras ended in August 2009 when they joined Livorno . [ 4 ]
International career [ edit ]
Mozart was in the Brazil squad for the 2000 Summer Olympics . [ 3 ]
References [ edit ]
A picture of the seal designating the Al-Kitab as being only for Christians . — Picture by Choo Choy May
KUALA LUMPUR , Jan 2 — The raid against the Bible Society of Malaysia ( BSM ) by Selangor religious officials today was not sanctioned by the state government , an executive councillor ( exco ) has said .
Sallehen Mukhyi , who holds the state religious affairs portfolio , said the raid , which led to the seizure of Malay-language and Iban bibles , was never discussed with him .
“ Jais can receive its order from two sources , ” Sallehen told The Malay Mail Online here , referring to the Selangor Islamic Religious Department .
“ One is from the state government , meaning from the mentri besar . The other is from the Selangor Islamic Religious Council ( Mais ) , which means the order comes straight from the Sultan . ”
Sallehen admitted that they were never told of the raid yet and could not confirm that it was ordered by the Sultan .
They added , however , that they will seek clarification from Jais as soon as possible .
Selangor Islamic authorities raided the Bible Society of Malaysia ( BSM ) in Petaling Jaya today and seized copies of both the Malay-language and Iban bibles that contain the word “ Allah ” , while two BSM officials were also held by police .
BSM executive council member Nic Ng told The Malay Mail Online today that a team of about 20 people including police officers and officials from Jais arrived at the society 's premises over an hour ago and demanded entry despite not bearing a warrant .
Ng said that the BSM workers were forced to allow the team entry after they allegedly threatened to break down the door .
Ng said that the police then told BSM president Lee Min Choon and general-secretary Dr Simon Wong to follow them to the Damansara police station .
At the police station , Lee said that they and BSM office manager Sinclair Wong were arrested under the Selangor Non-Islamic Religions ( Control of Propagation Among Muslims ) Enactment 1988 that prohibits non-Muslims in Selangor from using 35 Arabic words and phrases , including the word for God , “ Allah ” .
Jais ' raid comes after its newly-appointed director , Ahmad Zaharin Mohd Saad , said last Thursday that letters will be sent to all churches in Selangor to ask them to comply with the Selangor 1988 enactment .
In a move set to complicate Putrajaya 's bid to calm east Malaysian unease over the “ Allah ” row , the Selangor Sultan had on November 14 renewed their decree that the Arabic word for God be barred to all non-Muslims in the state .
Responding to the recent ruling by the Court of Appeal , Sultan Sharafuddin Idris Shah Al-Haj has also called for an immediate halt to the word 's usage in the Malay language Bible al-Kitab and the Catholic weekly , The Herald .
Bumiputera Christians , who form about 64 per cent or close to two-thirds of the Christian community in Malaysia , have used the word “ Allah ” when praying and speaking in the national language and their native tongues for centuries .
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
As new information surfaces about last year 's attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , and as the National Security Agency scandal continues to swirl throughout the media , the Obama administration has come out with a worldwide warning about the possibility of serious terrorist attacks .
Please forgive my skepticism . The news media need to dig into the timing and motivation of these warnings , coming as they do against the backdrop of scandals , particularly when the administration has created what it thinks is a win-win situation . Simply put , if the attacks fail to occur , President Obama 's team can claim that they thwarted them . If the attacks do occur , the administration can say it provided fair warning . But that 's a fool 's bargain when dealing with terrorists who can simply strike another day .
In an hour-long broadcast Tuesday , “ The Truth About Benghazi , ” CNN reported that dozens of CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi on Sept. 11 — something the agency has apparently tried to cover up . That 's the night Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed .
CNN reported the CIA may have been moving surface-to-air missiles out of Libya and into the hands of Syrian rebels . The CIA declined to comment on the claim .
Such information brings the Benghazi issue — one the administration thought had lost significant traction — back into public view . If the CIA had people on the ground , why were Stevens and the three others essentially left to die ?
The Department of Justice filed a sealed indictment against a Libyan militia leader on the same day CNN broadcast its report on the Benghazi attack . Amazing coincidence ? Please forgive my skepticism again .
By promoting its efficiency in picking up the chatter about possible terrorist attacks , the intelligence community may believe it can quiet critics outraged by the revelations of the NSA 's widespread domestic surveillance programs — information leaked by onetime NSA contractor Edward Snowden to Glenn Greenwald of The Guardian .
Once again , pardon my skepticism . The NSA scandal is unlikely to die down anytime soon , despite the terrorist threat taking over the news for this week . And think about it for a moment . Do you honestly believe that the leader of al Qaeda communicates with their right-hand man in Yemen without considering how many other sets of ears may be listening ? I strongly doubt it .
Now is the time for reporters to look to their confidential sources about the nature of the terrorist threats . One problem exists — one you might have missed last week . The Justice Department won a key victory in the U.S. Court of Appeals to force a reporter for The New York Times to reveal their confidential sources about information they published in a book on the Iranian nuclear program . That decision creates a significant chill among sources who might want to talk about severity of the current threat .
I spent a decade reporting about Middle East terrorism for Newsweek and ABC News . Terrorists typically have several objectives . One is to inflict death and destruction . Another is to create fear among the civilian population of a stronger adversary , such as the United States , and its allies .
By closing 22 embassies and consulates throughout the Middle East and North Africa and keeping 19 of them shut for the rest of the week , the Obama administration has already given the terrorists a major public relations victory .
Remember during the campaign when Mr. Obama constantly said al Qaeda was on the run ? Maybe they wanted to use intelligence information back then to get re-elected . Now maybe they and their administration want intelligence information to provide cover for a variety of scandals . The dots really do n't need to be connected ; the connections are all too obvious .
• Christopher Harper is a professor at Temple University . They worked for more than 20 years at the Associated Press , Newsweek , ABC News and “ 20/20. ” They can be contacted at [ email protected ] Twitter : @ charper51 .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Every actor hopes to make the world a better place . Sidney Poitier actually did it .
Feb. 20 marks the 89th birthday of Poitier , who was born in 1927 and who changed Hollywood . The film industry 's lack of diversity is still an issue , as the Oscar nominations furor reminds us . But it was even more extreme when the actor made their film debut in the 1950 “ No Way Out. ” There were other black actors in lead film roles , including James Edwards and Harry Belafonte , but they were extremely rare . And Poitier captured the public imagination like no one before him , with their soft but powerful voice , their precise way of speaking ( with that slight , unidentifiable accent from the Bahamas ) and , crucially , their integrity .
A Dec. 11 , 1957 , article in Variety announced their casting in the film “ Porgy and Bess. ” Poitier said he 'd originally turned down the role , due to “ the fear that if improperly handled , ‘ Porgy and Bess ' could conceivably be , to my mind , injurious to Negroes . ”
This was a simple but extraordinary statement . At that point Poitier was n't a major star , having made only six films in seven years ; their breakthrough in the 1958 “ The Defiant Ones ” was still a year away . And most actors , especially black actors in the 1950s , were happy to get any work at all . What 's more , “ Porgy and Bess ” was a high-profile project , based on the Gershwins-DuBose Heyward prestige hit , directed by Otto Preminger and produced by Samuel Goldwyn . But they had their principles and they stuck to them .
Related Monster Hit 'Frankenstein ' Caused a Scandal in Kansas City in 1931 Rita Hayworth Left a Long Legacy : An Appreciation on Them 100th Birthday
For the next few decades , Poitier enlightened audiences by bringing three-dimensional characters to people who may have never met a black person , much less enjoyed their company for a few hours . They played characters that people wanted to know better .
Liberals sometimes sniffed that their roles in “ Lilies of the Field ” ( for which they won an Oscar ) , “ A Patch of Blue ” and “ To Sir With Love , ” among others , were too idealistic . The 1967 “ Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ” hinges on the question of whether Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy will approve Poitier 's engagement to their daughter ( Katherine Houghton ) . The joke among Hollywood sophisticates was that they are n't good enough for him .
But those criticisms misunderstand the national and international mood . Only six months before the film 's release , interracial marriages were still illegal in 17 of the 50 states , or one-third of the country . In June 1967 , the Supreme Court overturned those laws . While “ Guess Who 's Coming 's ” message of tolerance may seem simplistic today , it was an eye-opener to many .
Also controversial that year was “ In the Heat of the Night , ” which won the best-picture Oscar . As a northern detective involved in a murder investigation in Mississippi , Poitier 's character Virgil Tibbs exhibited all of the actor 's virtues : Intelligence , decency , humor , sensitivity and a boatload of charisma .
Tibbs maintains composure as they are hampered in their investigation by bigots . At one point , a powerful local Caucasian man slaps Tibbs , who slaps them back . It 's hard to convey how shocking that was to some audiences — and cathartic to others .
The movie came out only three years after the federal Civil Rights Act , which was passed in 1964 after a D.C. debate about the pros and cons of equal rights . More than one-fourth of Congress had voted against it .
As news events frequently remind us , racial equality is still an ongoing struggle , even after all these years . But Sidney Poitier made a difference . He 's still a reminder of what people — and Hollywood — are capable of .
ABERDEEN , Wash. -- The Grays Harbor County coroner `` inherited '' the cremains of 180 people after two Aberdeen funeral homes shut down unexpectedly .
Coroner Lane Youmans says Whiteside Family Mortuaries ' closing was unexpected . So was their discovery that so many urns had been left behind .
Youmans checked with state agencies , who told them there was no legal obligation for them to pack them up and take them .
`` But I felt I had a moral one , '' Youmans said .
They did n't want this cremains to end up in a dumpster . So they brought them to their office , where they currently sit in more than three dozen boxes .
`` They were somebody 's mother , someone 's father , '' they said . `` They were just abandoned . ''
The oldest urn belongs to a woman who died in 1924 . Then there 's a man who now rests inside a coffee can . Youmans has made it their mission to help the urns make it home -- fitting , given that they were a detective before taking a job inside the coroner 's office .
The cremains inside those urns have all been identified . Around two dozen are confirmed veterans . They will receive their proper honors , and will be brought to Tahoma National Cemetery . Youmans will try to tack down family for some of the others , though they expect that will be tricky .
Otherwise , they plan to find them a resting place at a local cemetery .
`` I 'm up to the task , '' Youmans said . `` I like a challenge . '' `` There 's a person inside in each one , and I look at them like a member of my family . I 'm glad they 're safe . ''
President Barack Obama speaks during a press conference at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in central London with Britain 's Prime Minister David Cameron ( unseen ) following a meeting at Downing Street , in London , Britain on April , 22 , 2016 . ( Reuters/Andy Rain/Pool )
North Carolina Republicans criticized President Barack Obama on Friday after the president told a news conference in London the state 's law on transgender bathroom use was wrong and should be overturned .
North Carolina last month became the first state to require transgender people to use public restrooms that match the sex assigned to them at birth rather than their gender identity .
Big businesses , rock stars and other artists have boycotted the state unless it repeals the law , which transgender advocates say misguidedly whips up concern over public safety and infringes on the rights of transgender people .
Backers of the legislation in the Republican-controlled North Carolina legislature say it is meant to protect privacy rights and keep children and women safe from sexual predators .
“ Not every father has the luxury of Secret Service agents protecting their daughters ' right to privacy in the girls ' bathroom , ” North Carolina State Senate Leader Phil Berger said in a statement .
Reporters asked Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron about the law after the British government had issued a warning to its lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) citizens that recent laws passed in North Carolina and Mississippi may affect them .
Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant this month signed a far-reaching law allowing people with religious objections to deny wedding services to same-sex couples and protecting other actions considered discriminatory by gay rights activists .
Obama said North Carolina and Mississippi “ are beautiful states , and you are welcome and you should come and enjoy yourselves . ”
“ I also think that the laws that have been passed there are wrong and should be overturned , ” Obama said .
North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory 's office released a statement saying they agreed with Obama that Britons are welcome in the state and would receive hospitality .
“ However , the governor respectfully disagrees with the political left 's national agenda to mandate changes to basic , common-sense restroom norms , ” spokesperson Josh Ellis said in a statement .
North Carolina Speaker of the House Tim Moore said Obama 's safety and security record on foreign policy was weak and “ now it seems like he 's challenged on some basic safety issues here in the United States , too . ”
( Reporting by Daniel Trotta ; Editing by David Gregorio )
The City of San Antonio is seeking applications for open positions on several of its nearly 40 community-based boards , commissions , and committees . Board and commission appointees serve as community representatives and advisors to both council members and the mayor on specific topics .
Interested citizens may review a complete list of current position vacancies and submit applications here .
“ It 's a good idea to apply now , ” San Antonio City Clerk Leticia Vacek said to the Rivard Report over the phone Friday . “ Several newer Council members are reviewing their current vacancies , their current membership , and some of them are already interviewing [ people ] for those district appointments . ”
The opportunity to serve on a board or a commission allows citizens to have more voice and representation – beyond casting their individual vote during elections .
There are several vacancies on boards and commissions that focus on topics ranging from veteran affairs to public parks , from animal care to energy . The six new Council members will have much more work to do in this area than others as they consider replacing those appointed by their predecessors . Filling these vacancies is one of Council 's priorities before it returns to regularly-scheduled business after its July break .
Some of the more high-profile vacancies include positions on the San Antonio Water System and CPS Energy boards , Planning and Zoning commissions , and the Ethics Review Board . Other positions that receive less Council or media attention can be more difficult to fill .
“ Some of the boards that we really need folks to take a look at and apply for are Affirmative Action Advisory Board , Animal Care Services Advisory Board , Capital Improvements Advisory Board , Citizens Environmental Advisory Board , and even City Commission on Veterans Affairs , ” Vacek said . “ Those are just a few examples of where we have vacancies currently . ”
There are two pathways to appointment , each begins with an online application submission . If a position is district-specific , meaning you have to live in the district to apply , then the corresponding council member or members of staff reviews and interviews applicants . Then they submit a memorandum suggesting their nominee to the clerk 's office .
“ I would suggest that the applicant also reach out to the Council member , and perhaps meet with them so they can express their interest more in detail about serving on a particular board , ” Vacek said .
Iris Dimmick / Rivard Report
Once the clerk 's office has finished reviewing Council member 's suggested candidates , the nominees are placed into the next available City Council Agenda for approval .
The second path to appointment is through the process for at-large board appointments . Those are positions serving City Council committees . Individuals are reviewed and interviewed by all committee members before being recommended to the full City Council for approval and do not need to live in the district to be considered .
The Planning Commission , for instance , has at-large membership , a point that many Council members want to see changed because there are no current members that live south of Highway 90 .
“ There is very little relationship with City Council on the Planning Commission , ” Councilman Roberto Treviño ( D1 ) told the Rivard Report after a meeting on the topic in December last year . “ One sure-fire way to change that is to go to single-district representation appointees . ”
There are certain positions that require specific experience or background in order to be considered . Some , like the Historic and Design Review Commission , call for an architectural or engineering background . But those do not make up the majority of opportunities . Interested individuals do not need to have prior education or experience in city government to participate either .
Public meeting agendas for Council and several other boards and commissions , click here , can be useful tools for applicants to familiarize themselves with meeting content and entity focus .
Councilman John Courage ( D9 ) , who was elected in June , is reviewing applications for at least eight vacant positions .
“ I want to make sure that whoever serves is doing just that , serving the best interest of the people in our district and in the city , ” Courage said . “ That they 're really engaged , that they attend well , and that they are in a position to communicate with me and with the people in our district about what 's going on . We 'd sure like to hear from the people who are representing us on those committees . ”
Courage plans to host appointees at bi-monthly meetings to get a feel for what 's happening in their district .
“ I feel its important , if people are going to represent our district on a board or commission , that they attend regularly and that they 're engaged and offer suggestions , ideas , or support , ” Courage said .
Time commitments vary among positions , but interested applicants should understand that serving the city will require regular availability , Vacek said .
The majority of board or commission roles are advisory in nature . However , several positions are described as “ more than advisory ” and will directly contribute to policy formation .
“ They do provide advisory recommendations to the mayor and Council , whereas your more high profile boards do provide policy through their board , ” Vacek said .
William “ Cruz ” Shaw ( D2 ) , who previously served as chair of the Zoning Commission , believes it is a unique way to become more involved in the city 's work .
“ It 's important that our community remains civically engaged , and this is a hands-on way to do it , ” Shaw said in an email to the Rivard Report . “ Uplifting the voices of our residents is a unique opportunity to be involved in municipal government . ”
Courage served on the now-defunct commission on literacy in San Antonio because of their background in education . While the group never sent direct policy initiatives to Council , they observed the city 's shared interest in establishing literacy centers in libraries .
“ I believe that the contact that we had in promoting this helped to emphasize its importance to the city and the community at the time , ” Courage said . “ I think it was important . ”
Appointments typically last two years , as long as a City Council term , although individuals may be re-appointed . There are no limits on the amount of terms individuals may serve in , but re-appointments must be made through the same application process as newcomers .
Vacancies may come and go throughout Council terms , so now is not the only time that applications may be received . Submissions may be made throughout the year as positions become available , and applications are held on file for up to one year .
This story was originally published on July 29 , 2017 .
PROVIDENCE , R.I. — About 400 Brown University students on Wednesday protested what they described as the university 's mishandling of a sexual assault case involving the reported drugging of two female students at a fraternity party last October .
Students wearing dollar bills with red IX 's taped over their mouths gathered in the quad , near where the now-closed Phi Kappa Psi fraternity was housed . A student speaker described the handling of the case as `` haphazardous '' and `` ineffectual '' and could set a `` dangerous precedent . '' A few students carried a mattress , echoing similar protests at Columbia University .
The dollars bill -- with the red IX for Title IX -- symbolized questions that have been raised in The Brown Daily Herald and again , during the protest , about whether the university 's financial interests may have influenced its handling of the case . The student accused of the drugging has family ties to the university 's corporate board of trustees .
The protesters marched silently to the University Hall , which houses the president 's office , where some of the employees stood and quietly greeted the students as they walked through . The protesters carried lists with 10 demands -- including a `` fair hearing '' for the student accused of drugging the two women -- before exiting out another door .
In late February , the university chose not to pursue disciplinary charges against the student accused of drugging the two women who attended the fraternity party on Oct. 17 , 2014 at Phi Kappa Psi . After leaving the party , one of the women reported they were sexually assaulted .
The university cited faulty toxicology reports by two laboratories it hired to test the women for a drug known as GHB , a powerful central nervous system depressant often referred to as a “ date rape ” drug .
University administrators announced on March 1 that the test results were inconclusive and reduced its sanctions against Phi Kappa Psi from a four-year suspension to 2½ years .
The university 's student conduct board held a disciplinary hearing to investigate the allegations against the student accused of sexual assault but cited the female student 's `` scant '' and `` fragmentary '' memories of the event in ruling the accused was `` not responsible . ''
Jeanette Stenberg Lamb , 22 , a senior at Brown and one of the protest 's organizers , questioned the logic of the student conduct board 's ruling in the sexual assault case .
“ It 's very scary logic to say that someone is too incapacitated to be a witness , '' Lamb said , “ and yet they also say they were able to consent . ”
Brown University 's president , Christina Paxson , who was out of town Wednesday for a previously scheduled event , released the following statement by email :
“ I understand that today 's protest was both effective and respectful . These are complex , important issues that will not find resolution without committed effort , careful listening , and respectful discussion .
The University has made progress this year , adopting measures recommended by the Task Force on Sexual Assault , including the use of trained professional investigators in sexual misconduct cases and a more manageable timeline for the hearing and appeal .
There is much more to be done this spring as the Task Force works toward its final report . Brown University is committed to making effective changes to policies and practices that will make the campus safer and more supportive for all students​.​ ''
Freshman U.S. Rep. Brian Mast , R-Palm City , voted Thursday for the Republican health care overhaul bill backed by President Donald Trump and immediately came under fire from Democrats and liberal groups who see a chance to reclaim their competitive Palm Beach-Treasure Coast district .
Thursday 's vote “ will haunt Mast through Election Day , ” vowed Rep. Ben Ray Lujan , D-N.M. , the chairperson of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
Mast has already begun pushing back hard against critics .
In a speech on the House floor Thursday , Mast said they have a pre-existing condition — they lost their legs and suffered other injuries from a bomb blast while serving with the U.S. Army in Afghanistan — and is “ the staunchest advocate for people out there that have pre-existing conditions. ” Mast said claims that people with pre-existing conditions will lose coverage under the GOP plan are coming from “ the exact same group of people that went out there and lied to the face of every single American ” about the Affordable Care Act in 2010 .
🚨 Rep. @ BrianMastFL who lost both legs in combat , slams Dems for lying about pre existing conditions , & ignoring Obamacare failures . pic.twitter.com/eWt0on2joF — The Reagan Battalion ( @ ReaganBattalion ) May 4 , 2017
“ That is who 's going out there selling these lies against my party . And I resent that completely because we have come up with a plan , with a strategy to go out there and save health care for the American people and I could n't be more proud of that . ”
Mast was elected in November to the District 18 seat formerly held by Democrat Patrick Murphy . District 18 is roughly 38 percent Republican and 34 percent Democrat . Trump carried the district with 53 percent in November . Mast — who called for repealing and replacing Obamacare during their campaign — got 53.6 percent to defeat Democrat Randy Perkins .
No Democratic candidate has emerged to challenge Mast in 2018 , but Dems and their allies have their eye on the district .
Said the DCCC 's Lujan : “ Make no mistake about it : Mast must face the music , look their constituents in the eye , and answer for the mess they [ sic ] created . There is no question that this bill will cause incredible pain for hardworking Americans , particularly those fighting to make ends meet , and this vote will haunt Mast through Election Day . ”
EMILY 's List , the group that raises money for female candidates who support abortion rights , also blasted Mast .
“ Rep . Mast should get ready for town halls next week while they are on recess , ” said EMILY 's List President Stephanie Schriock . “ The American people have made it clear that they do not support this bill – and soon , Republicans will find out that Americans do not support them either . EMILY 's List is aggressively recruiting strong , pro-choice Democratic women to take their place in districts across the country – and Rep. Mast and their fellow Republican members of Congress are right to be worried . This cruel vote was a mistake they 'll learn in 2018 . ”
The National Republican Congressional Committee applauded Mast for keeping their promise to get rid of Obamacare .
“ With health care , having options is key . A one-size-fits-all approach like Obamacare has proven to be failure . It was a law crumbling under its own weight , and crushing Americans and small businesses with burdensome regulations . We applaud Brian Mast for upholding their commitment to the people of their District , ” said NRCC spokesperson Maddie Anderson .
Click here for Mast 's statement on the health care bill .
Click here for a statement by Rep. Alcee Hastings , D-Delray Beach .
Click here for a statement by Rep. Lois Frankel , D-West Palm Beach .
Click here for a statement by Rep. Ted Deutch , D-Boca Raton .
Show your talent and Plug In as an official festival performer . Pop-up performances and merriment flutter throughout The Forest , earn the opportunity to be featured through one grand talent showcase .
Those who may consider this program includes…
Skilled dance performers
Contortionists and acrobats
Skilled flow arts performers ( hula hoop , poi , staff , etcetera )
Magicians and mimes
Any movement-based act that requires little production and is fit for both the stage and pop up performances on the festival grounds
2019 THEME – ELEMENTS OF SURPRISE
“ A Twist in the Flow ” by the Enforcers of the Unexpected .
Life 's memorable moments are not by our own design . Our interplay with others always brings a twist in what we want to see as a clear flowing path . No matter how fast we maneuver , a surprise can seemingly throw us to the mercy of the elements and the power they wield . Yet we rely on these same raw elements as we flow together to stay alive , satiated and warm , through all the twists .
If you manage to surprise us , be prepared for the unexpected…
How does each element feel , act , and move ?
Do you enjoy surprises or surprising others ?
How do you create surprises with a positive twist ?
Costume Color Schemes
Water : Blue / Purple
Fire : Red / Yellow / Orange
Earth : Green / Brown
Air : White / Gold
Whether you are a dancer , a mime duo , comedian , flow artist , a hula hooper , or something The Forest has never seen , bring your best performance and join the talent at Electric Forest 2019 .
Award
One ( 1 ) Wristband per participant : this wristband allows you access to the same areas as all official festival performers
Artist camping : performers will camp , inspire , and enjoy EF together ( must provide your own camping gear ! )
One parking pass will be provided per performer
Food Vouchers : You will receive vendor meal vouchers for 2 meals per day Thurs-Sun . You must provide your own third meal .
Troupe Leader will offer creative exchange and support pre-event and on-site
Timeline
Video auditions will be accepted from February 19 – March 19 , 2019 at 11:59 pm ET . The Performers will be selected and announced in April , 2018 .
Selection Process
Judged by : The Plug In team and Performer Coordinator
Judgement method : By reviewing videos and comparing the best auditions
Judged on :
40 % Skill
40 % Stage Presence
20 % Costume & Theme
The 2019 Performer Coordinator
Noah Moore has spent their life amassing seemingly useless skills to entertain any audience . From streets , stages , festivals , circus tents , casinos , and even Cirque Du Soleil special events , Noah strives to unite audiences across the globe in a shared magic moment . Wittiness , object manipulation , acrobatics , balance and muscles are this troubadour 's weapons of choice . Years of organizing performance tours and coaching youth circus programs showed Noah the exponential increase in quality that accompanies a cohesive troupe , beyond a solo performance . At this year 's Electric Forest , Noah will guide a full spectrum of talent as it coalesces into a symbiotic performance organism that prowls the woods , enveloping all in stunningly sexy silliness .
Rules
Your audition video must meet all of the following requirements – videos that do not follow guidelines will not be considered ! Introduce yourself , your medium , and your concept to the camera . Show lots of big personality and large moves – appropriate for winning minds and hearts in The Forest ! Video must be 3 minutes or less Performance must reflect the theme in your costume choice , music choice , and character Video does not have to be taken in one shot , although it must offer a good sense of your stage-ready act . Show a developed concept and amazing movement skills more than your video editing skills
Submissions must be in video format only
Partner acts are welcome
You may use props , music , post-production effects , and other people in the video
You must physically be the person featured in your audition video . We need to see you !
You must agree to take this role seriously and consider yourself a high profile part of the event
Please upload your videos to youtube ONLY
This is not an appropriate program for musical acts
How to Enter
Read the rules above Choose the aspect of the theme that inspires you Create and practice your choreography Get funky or formal on the appropriate costume front Film your video & upload it to youtube with the title “ Electric Forest 2019 Performer Audition ” Share your video with the hashtag # EF2019Performer , and tag Electric Forest ! Submit your video
The UFC 's long-awaited return to Japan on Feb. 26 , 2012 will be a full pay-per-view level event , sources have confirmed to MMA Fighting as initially reported by Dave Meltzer . Zuffa has thus abandoned its controversial plan to have the UFC Japan event act as a free-to-air lead-in to a Las Vegas PPV event.With a 10 a.m. local start time , the possibility that the Feb. 26 , 2012 Japanese UFC event would act as a lead-in to a Las Vegas pay-per-view event , and the lack of local network TV deal , many were quick to criticize the first Japanese UFC event of the Zuffa era.Although Japanese fans will still be forced to make the morning commute to Saitama Super Arena , MMA Fighting has learned that significant progress has been made towards ensuring the success of the first UFC event in Japan since Dec. 2000 as along with the elevation to PPV for the UFC Japan event , Zuffa has signed a marketing and promotional deal with local advertising giant Dentsu Inc. and a lucrative broadcast deal is currently being negotiated.In an effort to breach the notoriously difficult Japanese market , Zuffa has acquired a significant ally as MMA 's leading promoter has signed an undisclosed deal with Dentsu Inc. , Japan 's leading advertising agency , to assist with ticket sales , marketing , sponsorship and acquiring a larger TV deal in Japan.Currently UFC content is only broadcast in Japan on WOWOW private satellite TV or through NTT Plala 's Hikari TV . History has shown though that these relatively small subscription TV audiences have not been enough to support even the most popular local MMA promotions . For the UFC to grow a significant fan base in the East , a mass distribution TV deal is required.Although a deal is yet to be reached , Zuffa and Dentsu have recently made significant strides towards securing wider TV coverage , possibly paving the way for more lucrative sponsorship options and most importantly , local news and talk show coverage.Bouts and ticketing information for the Feb. 26 UFC Japan event are scheduled to be announced in late November .
Prices for higher education have skyrocketed , students are falling deeper into debt , and the government may offer debt forgiveness , costing universities millions . A surprising free market idea could solve the college bubble , allowing future students a way out of crippling debt , and universities more independence from the government .
From a young age , Americans have been taught that college education is like an investment—the university accepts your money or offers you a loan to train you , and if you succeed based on your education , it asks that you contribute to the university long after you graduate ( and sometimes , not that long afterward ) . While colleges gain most of their money through tuition , many colleges have large endowments , where rich former students or other benefactors grant money for specific purposes and keep the college running .
Why should n't colleges take this idea to the next level ? Instead of requiring steep tuition fees for each semester , the school could craft a long-term agreement with the student—the student pays minimal tuition , so long as the college can collect a certain percentage of their or their earnings later in life .
Peter Ainsworth , Managing Director of EM Applications , recently proposed this idea in a paper for the Institute of Economic Affairs in London— “ Universities Challenged : Funding Higher Education Through a Free-Market ‘ Graduate Tax . ' ”
A “ free-market graduate tax ” may sound self-contradictory , and is likely a misnomer , since universities – not government – will levy this “ tax. ” As Ainsworth explains , “ universities would offer contracts to their students , who would agree to pay to the university they attended a given share of their earnings in return for their degree course . ”
“ Essentially , the university would be taking an equity interest in the graduate premium earned by the student , ” making the investment of education a true financial venture .
This long-term plan would not be mandatory—students could still choose to pay the full fees up-front . But this investment would allow more flexibility—and less governmental involvement—in higher education .
Tweet This “ This reform would incentivize colleges to provide an education that actually prepares students for the workforce . ”
Rather than government offering special loans for college , universities would offer a long-term contract .
In the current system , government funding and loan programs provide an incentive for more people to attend college and get themselves into debt . Many of these graduates can not find jobs requiring the skills they learned in college , so they end up working a job not much better than they could have had before college . They may use their degrees later in life , but the immediate return on investment is low , and all they have to show for four years of hard work is a mountain of debt .
In other words , the student pays the full price of their or their education , and the university gets paid whether its teaching benefits the student 's job prospects or not . The university does not necessarily have an incentive to help the student succeed .
In the new system , by contrast , graduates would still owe the universities a percentage of their income . But if graduates did not find better paying jobs due to their degrees , the university would also lose profit . If the university helps them achieve greater financial success , it would automatically reap the benefits .
In short , this “ free-market graduate tax ” would incentivize colleges to give students an education that would actually prepare them for the workforce . It would be in their interest to teach students how to create value and make more money .
Furthermore , it may improve the fairness of college admissions . Rather than accepting students to fill certain quotas , or admitting the dean 's son due to nepotism , colleges would have the incentive to accept only the students who can stand on their merits and achieve success later in life .
This reform would also spur stricter academic standards , as colleges would have a vested interest in actually teaching their students how to succeed .
The new focus on success may even encourage colleges to address certain social laxities , like rampant alcoholism on campus . If students waste their time in college by overindulging in sex , drugs , and rock-and-roll , they would not only be costing themselves , but the university as well .
Convincing government to pull out of any economic sector will prove both difficult and drawn out , but new ideas like Ainsworth 's “ tax ” would push colleges one step further toward economic independence . And with economic independence comes more intellectual freedom , paving the way for a true marketplace of ideas .
As we celebrate Star Trek 's 50th anniversary , CoinFox is wondering what is the difference between federation credits and bitcoins and whether the cryptocurrency is “ real money ” after all .
We recently marked 50 years since Star Trek 's first episode The Man Trap was aired on 8 September 1966 . Reading about the anniversary prompted me to look at what Star Trek possibly had to say about bitcoin . After all , a show that predicted mobile phones , tablet PCs and even Google Glass is bound to have foretold cryptocurrency as well .
The result of the research was rather disappointing . While bitcoin and Star Trek may share a similar path – from negative reviews to increasingly greater popularity – they do not seem to have much else in common . Despite attempts to reconcile what is known about the variety of currencies used in the Star Trek universe , the show did not predict bitcoin . As a matter of fact , Star Trek famously brought to the fore the so-called New World Economy , the main principle of which is the abandonment of currency-based economies and endorsement of the philosophy of self-enhancement in a post-scarcity economic environment . Or , in the words of Captain Jean-Luc Picard ,
Economics of the future is somewhat different . You see , money does n't exist in the 24th century . …The acquisition of wealth is no longer the driving force in our lives . We work to better ourselves and the rest of humanity .
Federation credits and the future of non-money
So what does Star Trek have to do with bitcoin after all ? Here is where I see the connection between the two . As early as the 1960s , Star Trek offered a coherent vision of the future of human society . In the 24th century , the show creators declared , the fundamental subsistence needs of every human will be satisfied , acquisition of wealth will no longer be the driver of progress and money will no longer be necessary . So we are presented with a fictional society where even fictional money does not exist . Today , in the ‘ real ' world , bitcoin and the philosophy behind it are also presenting a vision of the future of human society and this is the vision of removing the middle man , decentralising and recording it all . The question , however , remains : is bitcoin real money ?
I am certainly not the only person to think the economics of the future and conceptually associate bitcoin and Star Trek . The most obvious point of junction is the so-called ‘ federation credits ' often referred to throughout the series as a measuring unit similar to what our mundane understanding of ‘ money ' entails . Jeff Garzik made the comparison already in 2013 . According to the writer and angel investor Rick Webb , for instance ,
It is tempting to argue here that the massive accounting system uses a unit called the Federation Credit , but i do n't believe that 's the case . If it were , the credit would be too much like money because a ) accounting is done in it , b ) it is issued by a governing body ( like a fiat currency ) and c ) it is fungible , i.e . you can already buy things with it and if you could buy things with it AND a and b were true , it would pretty much be a currency . This would fly in the face of Roddenberry 's absolute diktat that the Federation has no currency . I believe the Federation Unit is a private currency , developed by third parties to facilitate complex trades or trades outside the Federation . I believe that the Federation Unit is not actually underwritten or issued by the Federation . I think it is more akin to the Calgary Dollar or the Chiemgauer . Or bitcoin .
The exact nature of the fictional federation credit aside , bitcoin often provokes similar sentiments in the wider audience . It is a unit of sorts , it is measurable and it is tied to a corresponding value . People call it a currency and it is becoming increasingly visible in our everyday lives . Nevertheless , to those not familiar with the technology behind it , a bitcoin could be as real as a federation credit , or perhaps even less , being a much younger concept .
Bitcoin : fact or fiction ?
Writing for Electric Literature recently , Justin Lawrence Daugherty reflected on the malleability of facts :
This turn — from truth to something not quite true , then back to the real — says about fact that it is malleable , fluid , intangible . When we say that truth is stranger than fiction , perhaps what we 're seeing is the magic of unreality in the strangeness . Fact is strange when it becomes unreal . When it is too real .
And so Daugherty made me wonder about the reality of bitcoin and how its integral cryptographic nature makes it seem abstract , in contrast with the perception of fiat money as something real , tangible and concrete . Listening to Adam Carroll 's TED talk on how differently we treat ‘ real ' and ‘ unreal ' money ( his experiment was based on playing Monopoly ) , I also wondered whether we spend and invest bitcoin the same way we spend and invest fiat currency .
In a recent paper titled The Evolution of the Bitcoin Economy : Extracting and Analyzing the Network of Payment Relationships , Paolo Tasca , Shaowen Liu and Adam S. Hayes argued that the bitcoin economy has evolved from the stage of early prototype , through the so-called stage of “ sin ” enterprise or gambling and black markets , to the stage of legitimate enterprises . With around 300,000 transactions per day in July 2016 , and a daily transaction volume between $ 200 and $ 300 million , Tasca , Liu and Hayes have all the reasons to explore the bitcoin economy further :
As the Bitcoin economy grows in size and scope , it becomes important to understand the key components and players in that system . However , this task has largely proven cumbersome since many tens of millions of individual addresses exist , which are not obviously linked to any specific individual or business entity , simply representing nondescript public keys in a public-private key pair .
The paper concludes on a positive note remarking that
The result of this work shows that the Bitcoin economy , rather than being a fleeting and frivolous pursuit , has grown and matured over the few years that it has been operational , with distinct patterns of behavior among its most influential entities and participants .
And so it seems that within the limited scope of the bitcoin economy , the uses of the cryptocurrency have their fiat use equivalents . Thus , I reiterate my question : If the bitcoin economy is maturing , does this make bitcoin ‘ real ' money ? Is bitcoin ‘ money ' at all ? Or is it rather data ? This June , in a talk called How the blockchain is changing money and business Don Tapscott spoke about the transition between the internet of information we all know and the internet of value that bitcoin and blockchain are bringing , in which data is the king :
… the most powerful asset of the digital age is data . And data is really a new asset class , maybe bigger than previous asset classes , like land under the agrarian economy , or an industrial plant , or even money . And all of you -- we -- create this data . We create this asset , and we leave this trail of digital crumbs behind us as we go throughout life . And these crumbs are collected into a mirror image of you , the virtual you . And the virtual you may know more about you than you do , because you ca n't remember what you bought a year ago , or said a year ago , or your exact location a year ago . And the virtual you are not owned by you -- that 's the big problem . And then this avatar is sweeping up all of this data and enabling you to monetize it . And this is a wonderful thing because it can also help us protect our privacy , and privacy is the foundation of a free society . Let 's get this asset that we create back under our control , where we can own our own identity and manage it responsibly .
Bitcoin is both data and value . Whether that is what money is , that is a question which has its legal and regulatory importance . Philosophically speaking , however , on the 50th anniversary of federation credits , bitcoin seems neither fictional nor entirely real . But then again , who 's to say what 's real and what 's not ?
Diana Bogdan
NFL Logos HILARIOUSLY Redesigned as Donald Trump… LMAO ! ( PICS )
Video Playback Not Supported
Donald Trump is making headlines everywhere these days , including around the NFL thanks to their relationship with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady .
Brady 's endorsement has probably earned Trump plenty of support among Patriots fans , and now it seems very likely that The Donald will see an increase in support from fans of other teams around the league once they get a load of these NFL logos redesigned as Donald Trump .
Who knew a man with a horrible hairpiece could be transformed into a Redskin , Charger , or Buccaneer ? The people at Uproxx , that 's who . And that 's why they 've given us this wonderful creation .
You can check out some of the NFL logos redesigned as Donald Trump via the gallery below . And to see the rest of them , as well as other cool logo ideas , check out Uproxx 's work here .
Start Slide Show
Tags :
Share This
China says it is planning to bring a safe nuclear power plant that will not suffer from meltdowns online in November 2017 . It would be the world 's first high-temperature , gas-cooled pebble-bed nuclear plant built on an industrial scale .
China 's Nuclear Engineering Construction Corporation wants to introduce a high temperature , pebble-bed , gas-cooled nuclear reactor , in the Shandong Province , south of the capital , Beijing . The company is planning to bring twin 105-megawatt reactors online that would be immune to meltdown . It is hoped that the power station will start working by November 2017 .
The Chinese are using a design developed in Germany , though the nuclear reactor which is being built in Shandong will be the first commercial-scale atomic power plant of its kind to be constructed .
“ This technology is going to be on the world market within the next five years , ” said Zhang Zuoyi , director of the Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology , Technology Review reported . “ We are developing these reactors to belong to the world . ”
The possibility of a meltdown is one of the greatest fears of nuclear power , as was witnessed by the fallout following the Chernobyl and Fukushima disasters . Even though the Shandong reactor will operate at very high temperatures , its designers say that it will not suffer from any potential meltdowns .
This is because high temperature reactors do not need external cooling systems , such as the sort that failed at Fukushima . It uses helium gas as the heat transfer medium and runs at temperatures up to 950 °C .
The pebble-bed reactor consists of thousands of tiny pebbles of uranium fuel encased in graphite spheres , which are the size of tennis balls . The graphite coating makes sure that the fuel does not break down even if the temperature passes a certain threshold . If this was to happen , the nuclear reactions would slow , thus making the temperature in the reactor cooler , Technology Review reports .
The fuel 's form also makes it much easier to recycle , which helps to solve problems revolving around nuclear waste .
The costs of building the reactor and producing the fuel have been seen as prohibitive , but Charles Forsberg , an executive director of the MIT Nuclear Fuel Cycle Project , told Technology Review that China 's commitment to nuclear power could make them a viable option .
“ There have been studies that indicate that if reactors are mass-produced , they can drive down costs , ” they said . “ The Chinese market is large enough to make that potentially possible . ”
In August , China announced it intended to build a hybrid fusion-fission reactor capable of recycling nuclear waste by 2030 , which would make energy production more environmentally-friendly .
Researchers believe that hybrid reactors will be able to generate twice as much electricity as current reactors . These reactors are also believed to be safer than they can be immediately halted by cutting the external power supply .
Current reactors use only fission technology , which means dividing atoms in half while future fusion-fission technology will merge two atoms in one .
Recently the Federal Attorney-General , Philip Ruddock , announced a decision to establish a new government anti-corruption watchdog - a new independent commission , alongside the current Commonwealth Ombudsman . But what sort of body will it be , and why do we need it ?
Some commentators have welcomed the announcement as setting a new national standard - that all governments should have at least two independent investigation bodies : an ombudsman to deal with administrative complaints , and a standing royal commission to deal with corruption . Indeed , NSW now has three bodies - the ombudsman , independent commission against corruption , and the police integrity commission .
But if we look at the federal decision , there are two quite separate issues mixed up here . First , there is a question about who guards the guards . The Attorney-General has focused on problems over which investigation bodies get to use federal phone tapping powers , refusing to authorise phone tapping by the Victorian Ombudsman , in support of the Victorian Opposition 's campaign that only a new anti-corruption commission should have such power . But apart from the politics of supporting the state Liberals against the Bracks government , the federal government 's idea appears to be a new federal body to take charge of these sensitive phone-tapping activities , which could also then be used - quote - `` if necessary '' to investigate corruption . Mr Ruddock has suggested this agency might resemble the Inspector-General of Intelligence and Security , who investigates complaints against our national security services . But are we then really talking about an anti-corruption investigator , or a new 'inspector-general of surveillance ' ? Would n't this really be a new privacy protector , taking over the supervision of phone tap warrants from the Commonwealth Ombudsman ? In which case , why not trust the nation 's ombudsmen with phone tap powers after all , just like other major investigation agencies - at least in appropriately serious cases ?
The second issue gets back to basics - who should investigate corruption , and in particular , can ombudsmen do it ? The arguments that they ca n't , reflect the reality that until recent years , Australian ombudsmen were reactive , even though they had most of the necessary legal power . But then neither did anyone else . Things change , and the federal government itself has already thrashed through this issue . In 1996 , the Australian Law Reform Commission recommended exactly what the headlines now say - a separate watchdog to handle administrative complaints and anti-corruption work against Federal Police . But the government did not accept that recommendation , preferring instead , for the last 7 years , to let the Commonwealth Ombudsman continue to oversight these issues , even without the necessary resources .
So in fact the federal position for the last 7 years , and the Victorian government 's current position , are n't so unreasonable . There is no reason in principle why an ombudsman can not also function as an anti-corruption commission . In many countries , particularly developing countries with new constitutions , these bodies are being created as one - as integrity commissions with wide-ranging responsibility over corruption and defective administration , wherever these might be found , using whatever information and tools to do the job . This is the model that Australia needs to look at more closely , to achieve a critical mass of skills and experience in such bodies , and make sure the anti-corruption effort is n't unnecessarily fragmented . The Commonwealth and now the Victorian Ombudsman have been moving in this direction ... to 've just got a long way to go . Getting the Ombudsman into the role of a general integrity commission faster , is one option that needs to be considered alongside the familiar knee-jerk solution of establishing a new body .
The Commonwealth Government needs to review and update its integrity systems , but not in the ad hoc way that seems to be proposed . On one hand , we probably do need what is suggested in the Attorney-General 's fine print - a better way to monitor the use of surveillance powers like phone tapping . But we also need to look more broadly at the best strategy for maximising skills beyond that and the capacity in our public integrity watchdogs , before any decision to extend an already piecemeal system . The answer may be a National Integrity Commission that incorporates , rather than competes with the current Ombudsman role ; that has the additional intelligence , research and investigative resources to deal with corruption properly ; and which reports to the people through a parliamentry system , not through the government of the day . It may be time for a next-generation approach to ensuring integrity in federal government , rather than recycling any of the old options .
New Drilling Rigs Still Being Constructed Despite Stacking
New Drilling Rigs Still Being Constructed Despite Stacking
467 SHARES Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Linkedin
New drilling rigs continue to be constructed , despite the record number being stacked worldwide , forcing greater pressure on an industry already struggling to survive .
The news got worse today as Singaporean based Keppel Offshore & Marine , announced that it had delivered a further two of a total five new jackup drillers for work in the Gulf of Mexico .
New Drilling Rigs Still Being Constructed
Both rigs , of Keppel 's own B class design , had been ordered by Mexican based Grupo R for permanent charter to Mexico 's state owned oil and gas company PEMEX .
The CANTARELL I and CANTARELL II jackups , mark the first of five to be delivered to the firm . The latest two deliveries alone , brings the total number of B Class rigs working in the Gulf of Mexico to 10 .
A spokesperson for Keppel said : “ It is the dominant rig design in the region , with those already in operation turning out robust , efficient and economical , performances for Mexico . ”
“ We are pleased to deliver another two rigs in 2016 to our quality client Grupo R. ” , added Mr Wong Kok Seng , Managing Director of Keppel
“ Despite the current low oil price environment , the market continues to prefer safe and efficient rigs with a proven track record like our KFELS B Class . We have built strong relationships with our customers and continue to engage them in developing win-win solutions . ”
With the deliveries , Keppel FELS has delivered three rigs in 2016 to-date . Besides building new jackup rigs for Mexico , Keppel has also repaired and serviced a total of 18 rigs that have been deployed in Mexico .
Keppel B Class Jackup
The Keppel FELS B Class jackup is designed to operate in water depths of up to 400 feet ( 122m ) and drill to depths of 30,000 feet ( 9,144m ) .
The Keppel FELS B Class is equipped with an advanced and fully-automated high capacity rack and pinion jacking system , and Self-Positioning Fixation System . It has accommodation with full amenities for 150 persons .
Introducing BBQpad
Recently I have been working on a project with my best buddy Stuart ‘ Aq ' Langridge , called BBQpad .
I have n't really talked much about it on my blog as we have been fixing up the rough edges , but I wanted to share a little about it now .
As some of you will know , I have been increasingly getting into BBQ as a hobby . I love being outside and cooking , I love cooking over fire , and the art and science of BBQ facinates me . Do n't think there is a science ? Well check out amazingribs.com and see just how much detail , science , and engineering can be involved in creating awesome BBQ .
One of the tips people give you when you start learning grilling and smoking is to maintain a notebook where you track the details of your cooks . You can then refer to what you did , learn from what works and what does n't , and improve your ‘ cue .
Being of the nerdy persuasion , I was not going to use no stinking paper and pen , so I wrote a web app to track my cooks .
Originally I wrote this as something just for me , and then it struck me that this could be of general interest . I was chatting to Aq one day and they loved the idea so we decided to build what you now see at www.bbqpad.com . The sites work on your computer , mobile , and tablet .
How BBQpad Works
So what does BBQpad let you do ?
Well , with it you can create any number of cooks ; each cook is a place you track the details of each cook session , such a meal for your family , practicing improving your cooking , a party for your friends , a BBQ competition , or anything else . Go and see an example cook .
Within a cook you can add as many cookers and foods as you need ( we maintain a database of cookers and foods to make this easy ) .
When you start cooking you can then track lots of different things :
The different woods and fuels you use ( we maintain a database of woods and different fuel products ) .
When your food is added and removed from the cookers , and we automatically calculate cook time to make it easier to see how longs things take to cook . You can also track rest time for the different foods ( if applicable ) .
All your food prep elements such as rubs , sauces , brines , marinades , and more . You can also add general notes about your food items such as the weight , quantity , where you bought it , the level of marbling , whether it is organic ( good for veggies ) etc .
The temperature of your cookers and any food items you are tracking internal temperature for . We use this to plot graphs of your cookers and foods ; this makes it easier to track your temperature control and improve things where there are problems .
General updates to the cook . As an example , if you spritz your food with apple juice to keep it moist , you can track this and the time when it happened .
We also allow you to add photos for the final food products as well as photos through the cook to show how your food is evolving . Photos can be added from your desktop , or mobile devices such as your phone or tablet .
When you have finished cooking an item you can then rate it for taste , tenderness , and appearance ; these are the same ways people rate food in a BBQ competition setting .
Continuing the competition theme , we then provide a cook score based upon the certified KCBS competition scoring format for each of your food items as well as an overall score for the cook . This provides a neat way of seeing which cooks or items were better than others .
An example cooks .
Getting All Social
One of the goals of BBQpad is not just to provide a place to store cooks , but to also make BBQpad as social as the cooking itself . BBQ is all about cracking open a few beers , cooking some food over fire , enjoying the spoils with friends , and having a great time .
The social aspect of BBQpad is built right into the cooks .
On every cook page there is integrated discussion where people can leave comments and offer tips , advice , and other comments while you are cooking . We also have integrated social media to post your cooks to Facebook , Twitter , Google+ , and Reddit .
One area where BBQpad is really handy is pointing people to the details of a cook . As an example , you may join one of the many BBQ forums/communities online and ask a question about an aspect of your cooking and you can easily point people to the cook page on BBQpad where people can get a good idea of the context of the cook . We have also seen many users tweet about their cooks so folks can follow along as they are happening , often leaving feedback and comments on the cook page .
Another neat part of BBQ is the community . Here you can see the latest photos from cooks , most active pitmasters , new users , active cooks happening right now , recently completed cooks , and more .
The community brings BBQpad pitmasters together .
Another feature is the most popular page which shows you the most popular cookers , woods , and fuels that the community uses in their cooking . We plan on expanding this page with other most popular items soon .
See what our pitmasters prefer .
Clicking on one of these products will also take you to a product page which shows you information about the cooker , the prices on various sites ( right now Amazon , but we will add other vendors soon ) , and a place to have discussion about that product .
Product information for the Weber Performer grill .
Cooking Together
Another cool feature that we added recently is the ability to do online cook offs .
The idea is simple : there will be a number of cooks off events on BBQpad in which everyone is welcome to join and participate in . The cook off will happen on a specific date period and cover a specific food , and pitmasters from around the world will all cook together , tracking their cooks on BBQpad .
To take part you simply go to the event page on the date ( s ) of the event , create a new cook as part of the event , and track your cook in BBQpad . As you and others cook you can see the latest cook updates from these different cooks all in one place , as well as discussion from those watching the cook off . We also encourage those of you who tweet to tweet about your cooks with the # bbqpad hashtag , and those tweets appear on the cook off page too . This provides a great way of cooking together and having fun with the cook off .
Congrats to Jason Perlow for winning our first cook off !
We did our first cook off recently and it was a lot of fun ; go and see the The Ultimate Rib Cook Off . We plan on doing another cook off soon ( most likely chicken ) . 🙂
Upgrades
BBQpad is completely free to use , and we want it to be a fantastic community resource for the wider BBQ community . Naturally we have some running costs , so we have added some discrete ads to the cook pages to help cover these costs . We also gather a small amount of affiliate revenue when someone buys one of the products linked on Amazon . As such , if you want to buy a cooker or charcoal , go and buy it from BBQpad . 🙂
We also have a few cheap upgrades people can buy . Our view is simple : all cooks by default are publicly available and thus shared with the wider community , and when people provide these cooks we feel they have earned the right to use BBQpad for free . Some folks ( such as competition cooks , restaurateurs , or just private people ) may prefer to have private cooks so they do n't share their techniques and recipes .
We offer private cooks as part of BBQpad Pro ( which includes blocking ads ) for $ 24/year , which is only $ 2/month . You can also just block the ads for $ 10/year .
The private cooks feature is pretty cool : you can choose whether cooks are private or not on a per-cook basis , so if you want to use the community features on the site ( such as cook offs ) you can make those cooks public , but if you want to practice for a competition and keep those cooks private , you can do so with the click off a button .
The Technology
Now , many of you in the technology world who follow me will be curious about the site and how it was built . In a nutshell , we are using the awesome Django platform ( and the always lovable Python ) as well as Twitter Bootstrap as our CSS library . We are managing the source code with Bazaar and hack on it on Ubuntu Desktop using Geany . All imagery was created using Inkscape and the GIMP . We test across a number of different browsers , and primarily use Firefox for debugging . The site is deployed and running on Ubuntu Server .
In terms of development methodologies Aq and I both hack on the site and we manage our work using Trello and drafted and reviewed UI designs using Balsamiq . We have also deployed staging and live servers and we each code review each fix before it lands .
The site is currently in beta and has evolved significantly since we first launched it . This has included two rounds of user testing that have proved to be tremendously valuable in refining the user journey on BBQpad .
I know some of you will want to know if this is Open Source or not . Right now BBQpad is not Open Source but is a free web service that everyone is welcome to use . We may consider Open Sourcing it in the future , but right now it is not a priority ; we would rather focus on adding extra features and refining the site .
BBQ is a lot of fun and our hope is that BBQpad makes it even more fun and social . Come and join in the fun !
Go and see www.bbqpad.com and follow us on our Facebook page , on Twitter , and in our Google+ community ..
Björk has opened up about a lost collaboration with the Wu-Tang Clan . In a new interview with FACT Magazine , they discussed wanting to have RZA contribute beats to their 1997 album Homogenic . After that did n't pan out , Björk flew to New York to meet the group . “ We wrote a couple of songs together , ” they said . “ Sometimes when you do things and you do n't plan them it 's magic . And I really think what we made was magic . But I think because it was n't part of the whole Homogenic thing and it was n't part of what Wu-Tang were doing at the time , it was better as an idea , if that makes any sense ? ”
Björk added that they later connected with the group at an event at Tower Records . “ I was signing books for an hour , and they sent some of their team , standing there with me , ” they explained . “ That was one of my all-time favourite moments : I had been on my own , so when they turned up I felt very protected . It was magic. ” They continued , “ In my eyes , they 're punk . We are definitely [ similar ] —we do things in , like , a ritual way. ” Read the full interview here .
Björk 's new album Utopia arrived today . She 'll be in conversation with Pitchfork contributor Amanda Petrusich on November 28 as part of our “ In Sight Out ” series . Find more details about that event here .
Read Pitchfork 's “ Björk Is Full of Love Again . ”
Federal police in Argentina recently discovered a time capsule of evil , hidden inside a house near Buenos Aires . Roughly 75 Nazi artifacts , including everything from a large knife to Nazi medical devices to a photo negative of Adolph Hitler , were uncovered in a secret room . Police are investigating when and how the items entered the South American country .
As Haaretz reports , agents from Interpol raided the home of the unnamed owner of the Nazi artifacts on June 8th . Some artworks of “ illicit origin ” were discovered on the north side of Buenos Aires , leading police to the man 's home . When investigators arrived they found a large bookcase that was hiding a secret room . The man remains free , but it 's unclear if they will face any charges .
Advertisement
The investigators have reached out to Holocaust experts to learn more about where the Nazi pieces may have come from , but members of the Jewish community in Argentina believe that they must have been brought to the country by Nazi officials following World War II .
There was initially some speculation about whether the items could be reproductions , but investigators believe they 're originals . But there are obviously still a number of questions surrounding how they arrived in the country .
Advertisement
“ Our first investigations indicate that these are original pieces , ” Argentine Security Minister Patricia Bullrich told the Associated Press late yesterday .
The discovery is the largest of its kind in Argentina , a country that has what might best be described as an unfortunate relationship with the Holocaust . After World War II , a number of top Nazi officials fled to Argentina , including Adolf Eichmann and Josef Mengele .
Advertisement
Eichmann was discovered in Bueno Aires by Nazi hunters in 1960 . They were brought to Israel and tried and hanged in 1962 . Mengele escaped Argentina and fled to Paraguay and later died in Brazil . It 's not yet known if any of the items discovered this month personally belonged to Eichmann , Mengele or any other Nazis who escaped Germany .
One reason that authorities in Buenos Aires has some degree of certainty that they are originals is that some items from the collection are pictured in photographs with Nazi leaders . For example , one item in the collection is a magnifying glass . The same magnifying glass is seen in a photo negative from the collection showing Hitler himself . Investigators showed the photo to the Associated Press on the condition that the photo not be published .
Advertisement
“ This is a way to commercialize them , showing that they were used by the horror , by the Fuhrer . There are photos of them with the objects , ” said Bullrich .
Some of the most disturbing items in the collection are medical devices , including items used to measure the size of human heads . Nazi scientists traveled the world in the 1930s measuring heads of different peoples , believing in a pseudoscience that superior races could be determined through facial features .
Advertisement
The collection also includes Nazi toys and other things that would have been targeted to Nazi youth , such as a collection of harmonicas featuring illustrations of young kids holding Nazi flags .
“ There are no precedents for a find like this , ” Nestor Roncaglia , head of Argentina 's federal police , told the Associated Press . “ Pieces are stolen or are imitations . But this is original and we have to get to the bottom of it . ”
Advertisement
[ Associated Press and Haaretz ]
Correction : This post originally said that Mengele fled to Brazil and died in Paraguay . Mengele died in Brazil . I regret the error .
The Chinese government insists that next summer 's Olympic Games are not political . A senior official said as much again on Thursday .
Yang Chunlin has cause to disagree .
Mr. Yang , a social activist arrested recently for distributing a petition titled `` We Do n't Want the Olympic Games , We Want Human Rights , '' goes on trial next week , charged with the eminently political crime of `` inciting subversion of state power . '' They face up to five years in jail .
Politics has burst onto the Olympic scene front and center – complicating Beijing 's plans for a trouble-free coming-out party in August – with Steven Spielberg 's resignation this week as artistic adviser to the Beijing games in protest of China 's Darfur policy .
Mr. Spielberg accused Beijing of not putting enough pressure on its ally , the Sudanese government , to help end the humanitarian crisis in Darfur . `` My conscience will not allow me to continue with business as usual , '' they said in a statement .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Liu Jianchao responded Thursday that `` linking political issues with the Olympic Games is not in line with the Olympic spirit . ''
Despite Chinese officials ' insistence that political issues should not interfere in this year 's Olympic Games , it is unsurprising that they have . Within China , a one-party state , almost every aspect of society is politicized . Abroad , many activist groups object to one aspect or another of Chinese government policy .
`` China is particularly vulnerable and particularly politically sensitive '' to outside criticism , says David Zweig , head of the Center for China 's Transnational Relations at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
`` They do lots of things the world does not particularly like , and they are very sensitive to what the world thinks , '' Professor Zweig adds . `` They have made it to world-class status and they are getting dumped on . ''
As foreign critics of Chinese policy on a range of issues – from Taiwanese independence to Tibet and from Darfur to press freedoms – gear up to use the Olympic Games as leverage in their campaigns , Beijing is handicapped by its lack of skills in handling dissenters . At home , they have simply suppressed them .
Officials say they are ready to deal with political opponents . `` We have heard voices from all sides , '' said Jiang Xiaoyu , vice president of the Beijing Olympic Games Organizing Committee ( BOCOG ) last year . `` [ There ] will be more and more of these kinds of voices and maybe more resonant . We are mentally prepared . ''
But it took the Foreign Ministry two days to respond to Spielberg 's bombshell , suggesting a low level of readiness .
`` The government was intellectually aware '' of the likelihood of political problems surrounding the games , says Sidney Rittenberg , a China expert who knows the country 's top leaders personally . `` But I do n't think they had real flesh-and-blood understanding of it . The gathering storm will come as a bit of a shock . ''
Politics have intruded on many past Games , starting in 1906 , when an Irish medal winner climbed the flagpole to tear down the British flag that had been raised in their honor , in the days before Irish independence .
The 1936 games in Nazi-ruled Berlin are often seen as the nadir of attempts by the host nation to use the festivities for political gain . African nations boycotted the 1976 Games , the US and some of its allies boycotted the 1980 Moscow Games to protest the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan , and the Soviet Union and its satellites boycotted the 1984 Games in Los Angeles in revenge .
For nearly 25 years , however , in Seoul , South Korea ; Barcelona , Spain ; Atlanta , Sydney , Australia ; and Athens ; the Olympics have been mostly free of political trouble . `` It is possible to proceed without controversy , '' says David Wallechinsky , an Olympic historian . `` Nobody was mad at the Greeks . They have n't offended anybody . ''
Beijing , however , is making its Games a powerful symbol of China 's emergence as a world power , `` and that , by its very nature , is political , '' says Zweig .
Some officials have acknowledged as much . `` It is not only an international sports event , but also a very important political mission , '' stated a 2006 opinion article in the People 's Daily . `` It is not only an Olympic feast for the Chinese people , it can also arouse Chinese patriotism . ''
An awareness of how much the Games mean to China , and a fear of upsetting the authorities , appear to have been behind a plan by the British Olympic Association , revealed last weekend , to make British athletes sign a contract pledging not to comment on `` politically sensitive issues '' in Beijing .
In the wake of an uproar , the BOA says it will reword the contract to conform to the Olympic charter , which says : `` No kind of demonstration or political , religious , or racial propaganda is permitted in any Olympic sites , venues or other areas . '' It does not forbid athletes from expressing opinions elsewhere .
Other groups are less worried about riling the Chinese . `` If the Games show China emerging as a world power , it 's fair to raise questions about their complicity in Darfur , '' says Allyn Brooks-LaSure , spokesperson for the Save Darfur Coalition . They add that `` As soon as we started talking about the Olympic Games , there was at least a response from the Chinese . It is clear they are hearing what we are saying . ''
Campaigners on other issues , such as Tibetan rights , human rights abuses , and religious persecution , are gearing up to use the Olympics as a stick with which to beat Beijing , but the government issued them a stern warning two weeks ago .
`` Those who always look at China through dark glasses have produced a sort of baffling excitement , '' an editorial in the People 's Daily declared . Activists who say that `` they can exert enough pressure to force China into a position where it can not help but act according to their wishes … have clearly miscalculated . ''
Others are not so sure . International pressure `` might make some difference '' says Mr. Rittenberg . `` Those in the leadership who are sensitive to these issues feel strengthened . ''
Still , they say , `` the net result is more negative than positive , '' given how proud most ordinary Chinese are that their country is hosting the Games . `` Indignation at Spielberg is going to be almost universal .
`` If the games are substantially damaged '' by any snowball effect from Spielberg 's resignation , Rittenberg warns , `` that is going to cause immense resentment among ordinary Chinese at what they see as unjust foreign interference . ''
For Darfur advocates , the ball is in China 's court . `` We will continue pushing till there 's a response from China that makes a difference '' says Mr. Brooks-LaSure . `` The Chinese are going to see and hear a crescendo of activism as the games get closer . ''
`` Beijing is going to have to start thinking how to react well and intelligently '' to such pressure , says Zweig . `` They are going to be confronting this kind of thing all the time . ''
Hello ! Today I was working a bit on my ruby stacktrace project and I realized that now I know a couple of things about how gdb works internally .
Lately I 've been using gdb to look at Ruby programs , so we 're going to be running gdb on a Ruby program . This really means the Ruby interpreter . First , we 're going to print out the address of a global variable : ruby_current_thread :
getting a global variable
Here 's how to get the address of the global ruby_current_thread :
$ sudo gdb -p 2983 ( gdb ) p & ruby_current_thread $ 2 = ( rb_thread_t * * ) 0x5598a9a8f7f0 < ruby_current_thread >
There are a few places a variable can live : on the heap , the stack , or in your program 's text . Global variables are part of your program ! You can think of them as being allocated at compile time , kind of . It turns out we can figure out the address of a global variable pretty easily ! Let 's see how gdb came up with 0x5598a9a8f7f0 .
We can find the approximate region this variable lives in by looking at a cool file in /proc called /proc/ $ pid/maps .
$ sudo cat /proc/2983/maps | grep bin/ruby 5598a9605000-5598a9886000 r-xp 00000000 00:32 323508 /home/bork/.rbenv/versions/2.1.6/bin/ruby 5598a9a86000-5598a9a8b000 r -- p 00281000 00:32 323508 /home/bork/.rbenv/versions/2.1.6/bin/ruby 5598a9a8b000-5598a9a8d000 rw-p 00286000 00:32 323508 /home/bork/.rbenv/versions/2.1.6/bin/ruby
So ! There 's this starting address 5598a9605000 That 's like 0x5598a9a8f7f0 , but different . How different ? Well , here 's what I get when I subtract them :
( gdb ) p/x 0x5598a9a8f7f0 - 0x5598a9605000 $ 4 = 0x48a7f0
“ What 's that number ? ” , you might ask ? WELL . Let 's look at the symbol table for our program with nm .
sudo nm /proc/2983/exe | grep ruby_current_thread 000000000048a7f0 b ruby_current_thread
What 's that we see ? Could it be 0x48a7f0 ? Yes it is ! So ! ! If we want to find the address of a global variable in our program , all we need to do is look up the name of the variable in the symbol table , and then add that to the start of the range in /proc/whatever/maps , and we 're done !
So now we know how gdb does that . But gdb does so much more ! ! Let 's skip ahead to…
dereferencing pointers
( gdb ) p ruby_current_thread $ 1 = ( rb_thread_t * ) 0x5598ab3235b0
The next thing we 're going to do is dereference that ruby_current_thread pointer . We want to see what 's in that address ! To do that , gdb will run a bunch of system calls like this :
ptrace ( PTRACE_PEEKTEXT , 2983 , 0x5598a9a8f7f0 , [ 0x5598ab3235b0 ] ) = 0
You remember this address 0x5598a9a8f7f0 ? gdb is asking “ hey , what 's in that address exactly ” ? 2983 is the PID of the process we 're running gdb on . It 's using the ptrace system call which is how gdb does everything .
Awesome ! So we can dereference memory and figure out what bytes are at what memory addresses . Some useful gdb commands to know here are x/40w variable and x/40b variable which will display 40 words / bytes at a given address , respectively .
describing structs
The memory at an address looks like this . A bunch of bytes !
( gdb ) x/40b ruby_current_thread 0x5598ab3235b0 : 16 -90 55 -85 -104 85 0 0 0x5598ab3235b8 : 32 47 50 -85 -104 85 0 0 0x5598ab3235c0 : 16 -64 -55 115 -97 127 0 0 0x5598ab3235c8 : 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0x5598ab3235d0 : -96 -83 -39 115 -97 127 0 0
That 's useful , but not that useful ! If you are a human like me and want to know what it MEANS , you need more . Like this :
( gdb ) p * ( ruby_current_thread ) $ 8 = { self = 94114195940880 , vm = 0x5598ab322f20 , stack = 0x7f9f73c9c010 , stack_size = 131072 , cfp = 0x7f9f73d9ada0 , safe_level = 0 , raised_flag = 0 , last_status = 8 , state = 0 , waiting_fd = -1 , passed_block = 0x0 , passed_bmethod_me = 0x0 , passed_ci = 0x0 , top_self = 94114195612680 , top_wrapper = 0 , base_block = 0x0 , root_lep = 0x0 , root_svar = 8 , thread_id = 140322820187904 ,
GOODNESS . That is a lot more useful . How does gdb know that there are all these cool fields like stack_size ? Enter DWARF . DWARF is a way to store extra debugging data about your program , so that debuggers like gdb can do their job better ! It 's generally stored as part of a binary . If I run dwarfdump on my Ruby binary , I get some output like this :
( I 've redacted it heavily to make it easier to understand )
DW_AT_name `` rb_thread_struct '' DW_AT_byte_size 0x000003e8 DW_TAG_member DW_AT_name `` self '' DW_AT_type < 0x00000579 > DW_AT_data_member_location DW_OP_plus_uconst 0 DW_TAG_member DW_AT_name `` vm '' DW_AT_type < 0x0000270c > DW_AT_data_member_location DW_OP_plus_uconst 8 DW_TAG_member DW_AT_name `` stack '' DW_AT_type < 0x000006b3 > DW_AT_data_member_location DW_OP_plus_uconst 16 DW_TAG_member DW_AT_name `` stack_size '' DW_AT_type < 0x00000031 > DW_AT_data_member_location DW_OP_plus_uconst 24 DW_TAG_member DW_AT_name `` cfp '' DW_AT_type < 0x00002712 > DW_AT_data_member_location DW_OP_plus_uconst 32 DW_TAG_member DW_AT_name `` safe_level '' DW_AT_type < 0x00000066 >
So . The name of the type of ruby_current_thread is rb_thread_struct . It has size 0x3e8 ( or 1000 bytes ) , and it has a bunch of member items . stack_size is one of them , at an offset of 24 , and it has type 31 . What 's 31 ? No worries ! We can look that up in the DWARF info too !
< 1 > < 0x00000031 > DW_TAG_typedef DW_AT_name `` size_t '' DW_AT_type < 0x0000003c > < 1 > < 0x0000003c > DW_TAG_base_type DW_AT_byte_size 0x00000008 DW_AT_encoding DW_ATE_unsigned DW_AT_name `` long unsigned int ''
So ! stack_size has type size_t , which means long unsigned int , and is 8 bytes . That means that we can read the stack size !
How that would break down , once we have the DWARF debugging data , is :
Read the region of memory that ruby_current_thread is pointing to Add 24 bytes to get to stack_size Read 8 bytes ( in little-endian format , since we 're on x86 ) Get the answer !
Which in this case is 131072 or 128 kb .
To me , this makes it a lot more obvious what debugging info is for – if we did n't have all this extra metadata about what all these variables meant , we would have no idea what the bytes at address 0x5598ab3235b0 meant .
This is also why you can install debug info for a program separately from your program – gdb does n't care where it gets the extra debug info from .
DWARF is confusing
I 've been reading a bunch of DWARF info recently . Right now I 'm using libdwarf which has n't been the best experience – the API is confusing , you initialize everything in a weird way , and it 's really slow ( it takes 0.3 seconds to read all the debugging data out of my Ruby program which seems ridiculous ) . I 've been told that libdw from elfutils is better .
Also , I casually remarked that you can look at DW_AT_data_member_location to get the offset of a struct member ! But I looked up on Stack Overflow how to actually do that and I got this answer . Basically you start with a check like :
dwarf_whatform ( attrs [ i ] , & form , & error ) ; if ( form == DW_FORM_data1 || form == DW_FORM_data2 form == DW_FORM_data2 || form == DW_FORM_data4 form == DW_FORM_data8 || form == DW_FORM_udata ) {
and then it keeps GOING . Why are there 8 million different DW_FORM_data things I need to check for ? What is happening ? I have no idea .
Anyway my impression is that DWARF is a large and complicated standard ( and possibly the libraries people use to generate DWARF are subtly incompatible ? ) , but it 's what we have , so that 's what we work with !
I think it 's really cool that I can write code that reads DWARF and my code actually mostly works . Except when it crashes . I 'm working on that .
unwinding stacktraces
In an earlier version of this post , I said that gdb unwinds stacktraces using libunwind . It turns out that this is n't true at all !
Someone who 's worked on gdb a lot emailed me to say that they actually spent a ton of time figuring out how to unwind stacktraces so that they can do a better job than libunwind does . This means that if you get stopped in the middle of a weird program with less debug info than you might hope for that 's done something strange with its stack , gdb will try to figure out where you are anyway . Thanks < 3
other things gdb does
The few things I 've described here ( reading memory , understanding DWARF to show you structs ) are n't everything gdb does – just looking through Brendan Gregg 's gdb example from yesterday , we see that gdb also knows how to
disassemble assembly
show you the contents of your registers
and in terms of manipulating your program , it can
set breakpoints and step through a program
modify memory ( ! ! danger ! ! )
Knowing more about how gdb works makes me feel a lot more confident when using it ! I used to get really confused because gdb kind of acts like a C REPL sometimes – you type ruby_current_thread- > cfp- > iseq , and it feels like writing C code ! But you 're not really writing C at all , and it was easy for me to run into limitations in gdb and not understand why .
Knowing that it 's using DWARF to figure out the contents of the structs gives me a better mental model and have more correct expectations ! Awesome .
Ahmedabad : A city sessions court on Monday sentenced a woman to life imprisonment as they were held guilty of killing their husband after they refused to have sex with her.Additional sessions judge U M Bhatt convicted 54-year-old Vimla Vaghela to life imprisonment and fined them Rs 2,000 . On default of payment , the convict will have to serve a further six months , sources said.According to case details , Vimla and their husband Narsinh were alone at their home in Noblenagar in Sardarnagar locality during an afternoon on November 2 , 2013.The chargesheet filed against the woman claimed that after their husband refused to have sex with her , they got infuriated and fought with him.She doubted their husband 's fidelity and accused them of having an extra-marital relationship . In a fit of rage , they picked up a stick and started beating their husband on their head . They died due to multiple injuries.After the murder , the woman locked their house and went to Sardarnagar police station and informed police about their husband 's death . They became the complainant in this case.It was later revealed that they were the murderer . They were arrested and a chargesheet was filed against them
Netanyahu Has Lost the War of Words
Garrett Khoury Blocked Unblock Follow May 29 , 2015
The Prime Minister 's recent attempts at positive rhetoric can not make up for what they said to win the election .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave a partial endorsement of the Arab Peace Initiative on Thursday , May 28th , the latest in a series of conciliatory remarks meant to earn back political capital following intense criticism of their apparent disavowal of the entire premise of a two-state solution with the Palestinians in the days before Israel 's elections in March .
“ This initiative is 13 years old , ” said Netanyahu , “ and the situation in the Middle East has changed since it was first proposed . But the general idea — to try and reach understandings with leading Arab countries — is a good idea . ”
Proposed in 2002 by the late King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia , the Arab Peace Initiative offered peace and normalized relations with all of the Arab League member states for Israel in return for an agreement with the Palestinians that ended the conflict in line with a two-state solution . The Israeli government of Ariel Sharon responded with a resounding rejection of the proposal , and every Israeli government since then has also declared their opposition .
Such vociferous opposition makes Netanyahu 's somewhat positive comments about the Initiative surprising , given the language used , but also unsurprising given the situation the Prime Minister finds themselves in . Facing pressure from President Obama and other world leaders to recommit themselves to peace with the Palestinians and the establishment of a Palestinian state , addressing the Arab Peace Initiative serves as a seemingly easy way for Netanyahu to prove their diplomatic bona fides .
In addition to being part of Netanyahu 's attempts to roll back their campaign rhetoric and regain some legitimacy in the international community , their remarks also stand as a reversal of their own previously stated opinion on the initiative . They have consistently come out against the Initiative over the past decade . Speaking in September 2014 , they called the Initiative outdated that was not realistic given the dangers posed by ISIS and Iran 's nuclear program , among other issues .
Netanyahu 's reversal on the Arab Peace Initiative is one reversal among many , though . They are still finding themselves unable to convince Israel 's allies , most notably President Obama and President Hollande of France , that they truly believe in making a two-state solution happen . They addressed their pre-election remarks on peace and a Palestinian state as well on Thursday .
“ Before the elections , I was asked in an interview [ about the possibility of a Palestinian state coming into being on my watch ] , and I replied that I do n't estimate it will happen . I do n't think it will happen…I did not renounce the idea [ of a two-state solution ] , but I explained what 's the problem with it . ”
The problem with their response is that their statement about a two-state solution , from just a day before Israel 's March 17th elections , leave little room for interpretation . They were asked by the pro-settler NRG news website whether there would be no Palestinian state on their watch , and they replied , “ Indeed. ” Nothing more , nothing less . “ Indeed. ” It is hard to see that as meaning anything besides being opposed to creating a Palestinian state .
It was cynical electioneering meant to poach votes from their right-wing rivals and make their Likud party the largest in the Knesset ( giving them first choice to form a governing coalition ) , and it was clear from the moment they made their remark that it would have a decidedly negative impact on Israel 's standing amongst its allies . Netanyahu 's attempts to walk back their controversial statement in an interview with MSNBC 's Andrea Mitchell were met with derision from the White House .
More recently , talking with Bloomberg 's Jeffrey Goldberg , President Obama made it clear that they have no plans on forgetting what Netanyahu said , partially because it forced the White House to openly rebuke the Prime Minister or else face the risk of losing credibility .
Netanyahu has not helped their own case with the way they have formed their new government . Silvan Shalom , who will handle the negotiations with the Palestinians if and when they resume , in the past has expressed their opposition to the creation of a Palestinian state .
As the position of Foreign Minister remains unfilled , the day-to-day running of the ministry falls to Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely , who is unambiguous about their rejection of a two-state solution and their support for unrestricted settlement expansion in the West Bank . “ We need to return to the basic truth of our right to this land , ” they said at their inaugural speech at the Foreign Ministry to an assembled crowd of ministry employees , “ this country is ours , all of it . We did n't come here to apologize for that . ”
That 's just within their own Likud , though ; the other parties in their coalition are not exactly known for their support for a two-state solution . Shas and United Torah Judaism , the two Ultra-Orthodox parties in the government , are not particularly concerned with such matters , being more interested in domestic policies related to their electoral base . Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon 's Kulanu Party supports a two-state solution but is opposed to dividing Jerusalem and a right of return for refugees .
Naftali Bennett and their Jewish Home Party are , though , adamantly opposed to the creation of a Palestinian state . Openly annexationist , Bennett has proposed their own alternative that gives the Palestinians greater autonomy while annexing most of the West Bank . Hardly a government that inspires optimism when it comes to making a two-state solution happen .
The mess surrounding a short-lived Defense Ministry pilot program to bar the use of certain buses in the West Bank by Palestinians also drew harsh criticism from both the opposition in the Knesset , Israeli President Reuven Rivlin , and the international community and media , delivering another blow to Israel 's image ( as well as Netanyahu 's as its leader ) .
Unfortunately for the Netanyahu , they are finding that they are simply not being believed anymore , both in Israel and internationally . There is a palpable mistrust of them among Israel 's allies . It was expected that , after Avigdor Liberman vacated the Foreign Ministry , Netanyahu would eventually select a fresh new face to reinvigorate Israel 's diplomatic efforts . Instead , though , they have left it open , ostensibly in case Knesset opposition leader Isaac Herzog suddenly decides they have changed their mind and really wants to join Netanyahu 's government .
Areas of responsibility normally covered by the Foreign Ministry have been split up and handed out to different cabinet ministers , with Tzipi Hotovely running daily affairs as noted before . Dore Gold , a long-time Netanyahu confidante and foreign policy advisor ( as well as former Ambassador to the UN ) , has been made Director-General of the Foreign Ministry , albeit running a directionless and demoralized diplomatic corps .
Israel is being deprived of a leadership in its international affairs just when it needs it most . With Netanyahu out of favor with Israel 's most important allies and a government dominated by opponents of a two-state solution , the country lacks someone who can interact with the world in a positive manner . Increasingly on the diplomatic defensive , even briefly being threatened with expulsion from FIFA , there is no one to effectively coordinate those defensive efforts .
Whether it be Dore Gold , close Likud ally Tzachi Hanegbi , or former Ambassador to Washington and best-selling author Michael Oren from Kulanu , Netanyahu is not exactly lacking qualified names to take over the Foreign Ministry . Instead , both supremely confident in their own abilities as a diplomat and deeply desiring of a new partner to bolster their weak coalition , the post of Foreign Minister remains empty .
Garrett Khoury , a graduate of The George Washington University 's Elliot School of International Affairs and an MA Candidate at Tel Aviv University , is the Director of Research and Content for The Eastern Project . Garrett has previously worked with The Israel Project in Jerusalem and The American Task Force on the Western Sahara in Washington , DC . Contact at : garrett.khoury @ gmail.com
Swans such as the white one shown in this undated file photo are territorial… ( Chicago Tribune )
Swans have a seemingly placid demeanor , and their monogamous mating habits have long made them a symbol of lasting love . But the creatures -- generally snowy white , with long graceful necks and a black `` mask '' around their eyes -- are territorial and can be quite aggressive when threatened . This aggression makes them good at driving off geese ; it can also lead to tragedy .
Anthony Hensley was a 37-year-old married father of two who worked for a company that uses dogs and swans to shoo pesky geese from properties in the area . Hensley had taken to a kayak Sunday morning to check on the swans in a Des Plaines-area pond when one of the larger birds turned on him , the Chicago Sun-Times reported .
Cook County sheriff 's investigators believe Hensley either got too close to the swan or the swan 's nesting area , the Sun-Times said . Hensley rolled off their kayak and landed in the water , and the swan kept up its relentless attack .
The Sun-Times reports that the swan continued to pursue Hensley as they tried to swim to shore . Hensley was submerged when emergency workers arrived , and an autopsy found that they died from drowning near the Bay Colony condominiums in unincorporated Des Plaines .
A diagram showing the basic principle of a bounding overwatch maneuver ; each bracket shows to overwatch positions taken by each team as they advance .
Your enemies will have a VERY hard time dislodging you when you can fire around edges and have over 200K health .
Note the kill list - an Ember Carnage is a red-melting machine . Pilot xenip has n't gotten the message , so they are next . Utilize your “ rush ” ability to move in and out of cover as needed ; waiting for opportunities allows your shield to recharge too . Ember can shoot around the corners a bit , although the width of the projectile is narrow .
Like Beacon Rush mode AND your long range robots ? No problem - spawn your death dealing weapon at the center and deny your foes the approach . Your teammates will LOVE you ; your enemies will FEAR you .
I have equipped a Butch with Tempests and Zenits … the cannon for when I have a sight line to the enemy , the artillery for when he 's behind cover . I 've moved left for the red beacons and to keep the red team from spreading out . They are bunched together and almost encircled .
The enemy team , as predicted , attempts to move toward their right , my left . My first goal is containment ; the second goal here is beacon capture . Note that my teammate 's advance is made possible , in part , by the suppressive fire . There is no hurry to capture this beacon so I can wait until the coast is clear .
Beacon DELTA has fallen , but I capture BRAVO while laying down suppressive fire . In this instance I am firing one weapon as the other reloads to keep the heavy metal in the air at all times .
The entire enemy team has moved in my direction . This is a good thing , because it is much easier to damage them in groups with Zenits . In extreme instances , I will even be able to move to the enemy home beacon . Here , it is sufficient to keep the enemy pinned down while the blue team advances .
The U is not just a blog ... we are also iOS clans # 48669 [ theU ] for Masters/Champs and # 139479 [ U-2 ] for Diamond/Expert . We welcome skilled communicators from around the world . If you read the U 's blog , please hit the subscribe button here and at our YouTube channel ! We do not ( and can not ) spam or bother you . You get an email notification when we post new content . Contact us at warrobotsu @ gmail.com . The U is not just a blog ... we are also iOS clans # 48669 [ theU ] for Masters/Champs and # 139479 [ U-2 ] for Diamond/Expert . We welcome skilled communicators from around the world .
Pixonic has provided component items to War Robots University 's professors/pilots for review . The content of War Robots U is created and edited by its authors exclusively . For an explanation of the relationship between Pixonic and the U , please read this post
You never forget the first time you get bombarded by a level 12 Zenit Fury ! Moses201 was on my team , thankfully . If it does happen to you , run .
Firing position : The center beacon on the Moon map is n't quite as good as the enemy 's right side ( your left ) , but do n't be afraid to move your heavy into the action .
Heavy weapons can take out multiple enemies in a single shot . They got one of my Tridents … but I got both of their robots .
Fellow Pilots , Happy Friday ! We 're ending week 2 of the WRU blog , and it 's been visited well over a thousand times in that short run . So thank you ! Do n't forget to subscribe ( top right ) to get an email on the joyous occasion of new posts . Speaking of new , you can visit the new official War Robots page , which is also home to this article ! There are many ways to win at War Robots , but one of the most satisfying is to crush your enemies under the weight of superior firepower . Heavy weapons and robots , however , are slower than their lighter brethren . If you get caught in the open , you are going to get melted ! This guide is a companion to Flanking Maneuvers , and will focus on moving your heavy sluggers into a useful position for your team . Staying in your spawn area wo n't cut it , especially if you are running a short range weapon like Thunder or the flamethrowing Ember . You are n't fast , so it 's time to add more real-life military knowledge to your game play.Movement is critical in War Robots , and fortunately , military strategists have already figured out the best way to do it ! Part of your force shoots at the enemy , pinning them in a fixed position , while the other part moves . The concept is called “ fire and movement , ” or suppressive fire.If you have friends who are blasting away , and the enemy is relatively immobile , you should move toward the enemy flanks . This is the best way to bring a heavy robot , especially an unshielded one like a Leo or Fury , into position.If the enemy is moving with impunity , you should consider a support role - shoot at them and get them to stop ! Taking turns between movement and suppression is called “ bounding overwatch , ” or leapfrogging . It 's not complicated - advance when your buddies are engaging the enemy ; suppress when your buddies are moving . If retreating , the same strategy is called “ center peel , ” but it works in the exact same way.The Ember is a wicked flamethrower that bypasses both physical and energy shields . It does massive damage , but you need to approach within 350 meters of your targets . Two of my favorite Ember gunboats are obvious - Fury , for three weapons ; Carnage for two weapons , energy shield , plus mobility . The Golem might not be as common , but it has several big advantages . It costs only half a million silver , can be upgraded to Mark 2/level 12 in eight days ( same as a Destrier ! ) , and is a fantastic corner shooter . It 's also quick on its feet.The Tempest is a side-by-side cannon that can engage your enemies from up to 800 meters away ; it can be used for eliminating physical or energy shields . In my opinion , it really shines when used to suppress enemy movement . Who wants to cross open territory with thousands of bullets in the air ? I don't.I like to spawn a support robot second or third , after I 've brawled my way to a beacon lead and the enemy is on their heels . It is spectacularly unhelpful to get into your sniper or support robot with a beacon deficit ; do NOT watch the clock drip away while your team loses the battle ! Here , I 've taken a couple screen shots of an instructive sequence . The Dreadnought map combines cover in the center with open spaces and long sight lines around the edges ; the lesson here , though , is that distance matters less than angle . My Butch 's job is to keep the enemy in the center of the map , unable to move on the sides . My team is protected on my side , and able to flank.If you are doing your job correctly in the support role , your teammates will score MUCH more damage than you do . The reason is simple - they are in close contact using high damage weapons like Orkans and Tarans . Plus , a properly suppressed enemy is sitting behind cover while your team controls the battlefield ( and wins ) . If you are scoring millions in damage , you are either doing suppression wrong , or your opponent refused to take cover and was destroyed ! The variety among heavy weapons is great - do n't limit yourself to the ones I have described here . Nashorn , Kang Dae , Trebuchet , and Zeus can all be used to devastating effect if you consider your range and timing carefully.DO N'T CAMP . Unless you are playing TDM . Then , get out the sleeping bag and the s'mores ! Happy hunting , and if you should see me on the battlefield , kindly focus your heavy weapon fire on an enemy who has n't provided such useful advice ! From Russia with love , Where y'at ?
FILE - In this May 31 , 2002 file photo , the sun sets over the Mackinac Bridge and the Mackinac Straits as seen from Lake Huron . The bridge is the dividing line between Lake Michigan to the west and Lake Huron to the east . Michigan 's attorney general , Republican Bill Schuette , called Thursday , June 29 , 2017 for shutting down the nearly 5-mile-long ( 8-kilometer-long ) section of Enbridge Inc. 's Line 5 under the Straits of Mackinac . ( AP Photo/Al Goldis , File )
TRAVERSE CITY , Mich. ( AP ) — Michigan 's attorney general on Thursday called for shutting down twin oil pipelines beneath the waterway where Lakes Huron and Michigan meet , as the state released a consultant 's report outlining alternative scenarios for the future of oil transport in the ecologically sensitive tourist destination .
Republican Bill Schuette said a “ specific and definite timetable ” should be established for decommissioning the nearly 5-mile-long ( 8-kilometer-long ) section of Enbridge Inc. 's Line 5 in the Straits of Mackinac , which environmental groups want removed but the Canadian pipeline company insists is in good shape .
“ The safety and security of our Great Lakes is etched in the DNA of every Michigan resident , ” Schuette said , adding that “ the final decision on Line 5 needs to include a discussion with those that rely on propane for heating their homes , and depend on the pipeline for employment . ”
The segment is part of Enbridge 's sprawling Lakehead pipeline network , which transports oil and liquid natural gas to markets in the U.S. Midwest , East Coast and eastern Canada . Line 5 runs underground from Superior , Wisconsin , across Michigan 's Upper Peninsula to the straits area , where it divides into two 20-inch pipes that rest on the lake floor . It continues south through the state 's Lower Peninsula to Sarnia , Ontario , carrying about 23 million gallons ( 87 million liters ) of light crude oil and liquid natural gas daily .
Enbridge , based in Calgary , Alberta , says the pipeline delivers crucial supplies of oil for gasoline , propane and other refined products and is closely monitored .
“ After more than 60 years in service , Line 5 is in outstanding operating condition because the rigorous maintenance done through the decades , ” said John Gauderman , director of operations for the Great Lakes region . “ We intend to keep it that way . ”
Critics say the underwater section of Line 5 , in place since 1953 , has been buffeted by strong currents and shows signs of wear . They note that Enbridge offered similar assurances before another of its pipelines ruptured in southern Michigan in 2010 , fouling the Kalamazoo River in one of the nation 's largest inland oil spills .
Schuette said in a news release that they “ strongly disagrees ” with a suggestion in the report by the engineering consulting firm Dynamic Risk Assessment Systems Inc. that Line 5 could operate indefinitely .
Environmental activists said the attorney general , who is expected to run for governor next year and has said previously that Line 5′s “ days are certainly numbered , ” should prove they mean business by ordering a shutdown . Although the federal government regulates oil pipelines , Michigan owns the straits area Great Lakes bottomlands and could revoke an easement it granted to Enbridge when Line 5 was installed , said Liz Kirkwood , executive director of a group called For Love of Water .
“ He has the authority to act now and we want them to act now , ” said David Holtz , chairperson of the Sierra Club 's Michigan chapter .
The Michigan League of Conservation Voters dismissed Schuette 's statement as “ hollow posturing ” and urged Republican Gov . Rick Snyder to “ finally put Line 5 out of service. ” The Michigan Chamber of Commerce said the pipeline was important to the state 's economy and its fate should n't be determined by “ bumper stickers or emotional political appeals . ”
State agencies considering what to do about Line 5 commissioned two reports from separate consulting firms , one analyzing risks posed by the existing situation and the other focusing on future option . Enbridge covered the more than $ 3 million cost . Officials announced last week that the state had canceled the nearly-finished risk analysis after discovering a conflict of interest involving one of the firm 's employees .
The Dynamic Risk Assessment Systems report released Thursday lists six alternatives , including continuing the Line 5 segment 's current operations or shutting it down . Others include building a new pipeline through Wisconsin , Illinois , Indiana and Michigan that would n't cross open Great Lakes waters ; moving Line 5′s oil through other existing pipelines ; using surface oil transport methods such as rail cars , trucks or barges ; and putting new pipelines in the straits that would run through a trench or tunnel .
The report does n't endorse a particular alternative but analyzes each for technical and cost feasibility . It also assesses the condition of the existing pipelines and possible outcomes of oil spills in the area .
Enbridge said it needed more time to study the 337-page report before commenting , while environmental groups said it was too friendly toward the company 's position .
It describes truck and ship transport as impractical and says a more southerly pipeline would cost around $ 2 billion while posing significant environmental and economic hazards . The tunnel or trench options would be much less expensive , it says , and simply shutting down Line 5 would boost gasoline and propane prices statewide .
A final version will be issued this fall after several public information and comment sessions .
Story highlights Robbers storm security firm with grenades , large caliber weapons and dynamite
1 killed , 4 injured in Paraguay ; 3 suspects killed in Brazil
( CNN ) Eight people were arrested Tuesday in the Brazilian state of Parana , all suspects in the explosive heist of an armored car company in Ciudad del Este , Paraguay .
According to a Brazilian federal police statement , six rifles , multiple automatic weapon magazines , two boats , seven vehicles and an unspecified cash amount were seized in the operation to arrest the suspects .
The robbery happened early Monday in Paraguay , near the border with Brazil and Argentina , police said .
Dozens of gunmen detonated explosives and set vehicles on fire as they stormed the company in Paraguay , taking millions of dollars and sparking a violent police chase into Brazil .
More than 50 people carrying large caliber weapons , dynamite and caltrops took part in what authorities are calling the `` robbery of the century . ''
Read More
The CEOs of some of the world 's biggest tech companies descended on the White House Monday -- along with a few people who are n't yet household names .
One of those is Zachary Bookman , CEO of OpenGov . Launched in 2012 , OpenGov focuses on helping state and local governments streamline their systems . Think opening up the budget process , setting trackable goals and being more transparent with constituents .
The state of Ohio , which used OpenGov to drill down on local spending , went from # 46 in financial transparency to # 1 , according to the U.S. Public Interest Research Group . Meanwhile an official in Ivins , Utah ( population 8,000 ) was able to cut their budgeting time in half using OpenGov .
Their experience made Bookman a perfect fit for Monday 's meetings , which were geared toward modernizing the federal government .
`` State and local governments are meant to be a laboratory of democracy , '' they said . `` We 're able to ... pave the way . ''
Related : Tech CEOs just met with Trump . Here 's why
Some have criticized tech CEOs for meeting with Trump , especially after their controversial travel bans and decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement . But to Bookman , the meeting at the White House is apolitical .
`` I tell prospective customers , 'Look , you do the politics , we do the technology , ' '' Bookman said .
It 's borne out in OpenGov 's customers -- 1,500 state and local governments that fall squarely on both sides of the aisle . Customers include the state of California all the way down to `` tiny towns and counties in Texas that you 've never heard of , '' Bookman said .
Monday 's meeting was set up as a series of working groups , covering everything from cybersecurity to cloud computing to the H-1B visa program .
Bookman said they expected to weigh in on issues `` like how to bring dashboards and analytics to federal government so we can run a data-based and evidence-based system '' -- something he 's well acquainted with from OpenGov .
They stressed that it 's not only about the technology , it 's also about getting a workforce on board with the new tools . Recruiting and retraining federal workers was also on the docket Monday , with the White House noting that there are 113,000 federal employees who are IT workers .
Related : Silicon Valley 's impossible balancing act
Procurement is a major pain point for cutting through bureaucratic red tape and modernizing the government 's IT . It 's also an area that Bookman expected to be able to weigh in with some serious firsthand knowledge .
`` Sales conversations go something like , ' I love it , I need it , let 's get started , ' '' they said . `` Then it 's like , 'How do we buy that ? ' There are so many laws and regulations -- it can turn into a multi-month labyrinth that can kill the deals . ''
There were 17 other tech CEOs at Monday 's meeting with Trump , including heavyweights like Apple CEO Tim Cook , Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella . Bookman said it was an `` honor '' to be there representing state and local governments .
`` It 's important to not just hear from tech titans but from folks who are growing rapidly and in the trenches , '' Bookman said . `` It 's happening in Silicon Valley but also in all the Silicon Alleys and Beaches with small groups of engineers who are rethinking old processes and disrupting markets . ''
To `` fix '' an old commit with a small change , without changing the commit message of the old commit , where OLDCOMMIT is something like 091b73a :
git add < my fixed files > git commit -- fixup=OLDCOMMIT git rebase -- interactive -- autosquash OLDCOMMIT^
You can also use git commit -- squash=OLDCOMMIT to edit the old commit message during rebase .
git rebase -- interactive will bring up a text editor ( which can be configured ) to confirm ( or edit ) the rebase instruction sequence . There is info for rebase instruction changes in the file ; just save and quit the editor ( : wq in vim ) to continue with the rebase .
will bring up a text editor ( which can be configured ) to confirm ( or edit ) the rebase instruction sequence . There is info for rebase instruction changes in the file ; just the editor ( in ) to continue with the rebase . -- autosquash will automatically put any -- fixup=OLDCOMMIT commits in the desired order . Note that -- autosquash is only valid when the -- interactive option is used .
will automatically put any commits in the desired order . Note that is only valid when the option is used . The ^ in OLDCOMMIT^ means it 's a reference to the commit just before OLDCOMMIT .
The above steps are good for verification and/or modifying the rebase instruction sequence , but it 's also possible to skip/automate the interactive rebase text editor by :
See git commit and git rebase . As always , when rewriting git history , you should only fixup or squash commits you have not yet published to anyone else ( including random internet users and build servers ) .
Dear Foster Brothers and Sisters ,
My name is Kurt Holden and I am 27 . I was placed in foster care at an early age , early enough that I am unable to recall exactly how old I was . However , I do recall the reason : my mother and father struggled with heavy drugs and alcohol .
While in care , I went to a few different foster homes , some of which were ok , some not so ok. Foster care could be very difficult during holidays when I would see the biological children of my foster parents opening the newest and best gifts ( video games , basketball hoop , name-brand shoes and clothes ) , and I would only get socks and underwear . It made me feel as if I was n't part of the family .
Being separated from my own siblings only made this worse . Throughout my time in care I always felt the effects of not being in the same home as my three biological brothers . There were times that we were together , but they never felt like they were enough . I became angry and that led me to being depressed for many years . I isolated myself from others at times and sometimes would fight for attention .
However , at my last foster home , my foster father tried their best to push me and prepare me to be successful . They took me out to eat and talked with me about my future , took me to play golf , and would just take time to mentor me . It was the first time in a long time that I trusted someone , so it was devastating when they passed away before I graduated from high school . In the blink of an eye they were gone .
After their death I lost my sense of direction . I did not have anyone else to step up , mentor me and push me . I graduated , but became homeless and “ couch surfed ” briefly . When I enrolled in college it was because of the dormitories – I needed a more stable place to call home . But I did not apply myself . I was more focused on working several dead-end jobs until I saved enough money to get an apartment with my brother , who was about to go through the same thing when they aged out . It was n't until I was about to get kicked out for bad grades that I applied myself . I realized that my past was not entirely my fault , but my future was completely up to me .
Approximately three percent of foster youth go on to be successful in college . Many times we are told that we will never amount to anything or we will end up like our parents . We are sometimes judged for things that are out of our control and a cry for help is treated with prescription medication . I want to tell you that our scars , pain and the internal struggle of wanting to know “ why me ? ” can be our motivation and driving force to not become statistics !
Want proof ?
I earned my Associate Degree from Sinclair Community College , a Bachelors Degree from Wright State University , and will earn my Masters Degree next year . I am a coach and committee member with the Independent Scholars Network at Wright State , a program that was established to assist former foster youth in becoming successful at college .
I have been happily married to my beautiful wife Amy for six years and I have a 2-year-old son , Jaxon . I know growing up without a strong family unit left me in pain and broken many times . However , I used that to my advantage when having a family of my own . My wife and son get extra hugs and kisses all the time . I take those extra minutes before work or bedtime with my family to read a book to my son one more time or cuddle on the couch with my wife , because I never want them to feel the loneliness or doubt that I felt , and that has never been completely erased .
I also work as a police officer and serve on the K9 unit at Wright State University Police Department . I work hard in treating all people with kindness and with respect . Growing up I was mocked , looked down on , and judged for things out of my control . I never want anyone to feel that , ever ! So working with students of all backgrounds is great because I get to make a difference by showing them the true meaning of public service is serving all people regardless of background .
So work hard ! Prove the stats wrong ; do not let your pain destroy you . Every day tell yourself you can do it ! Go to school , be successful . Whatever it is you want to do in life , know you can do it . You may not have all the help and resources that others do , but the story of how you overcame your “ mess ” can be the “ mess-age ” that keeps someone else from giving up .
Take care of yourselves .
Your foster brother ,
Kurt
Originally published on May 5 , 2014 as part of Children 's Rights ' “ Fostering the Future ” campaign . The opinions expressed herein are those of the blog author and do not necessarily represent the views of Children 's Rights or its employees . Children 's Rights has not verified the author 's account .
A five month undercover investigation into drug activity at the teen night club , Kryptonite , led to a raid late Friday night . Some of the people inside were as young as 15 . `` The cops came in messing with everybody , threw us against the wall , '' says a young man who identified themselves as Travis . `` They should n't be able to do this . Ai n't no drugs in there , '' adds Michael Pridemore.Images we captured on camera tell a different story . Harris County Precinct One Constable Alan Rosen says undercover officers saw and participated in numerous drug buys leading up to the raid . `` There was cocaine , acid , mollies , marijuana , ecstasy , '' Rosen says of the moments following the raid . `` It was all thrown on the ground . `` Constable Rosen says the drugs were packaged to sell . Four staff members were arrested . `` They helped facilitate some of the drug transactions that took place . `` He believes more was going on here , including possible sexual assaults . `` When we initially got word of this club and started the investigation , we were told there was a rape cave where people that visited the club were given a drug like a date rape drug and then brought into this dark room and sexually assaulted . `` Philip Carvell owns the Brewery Tap a few doors down . `` It has happened in the past a few years ago . But these guys that are running it now are good guys , '' Carvell says . `` So I 'm kind of surprised that that it was as many drugs as was down there supposedly . `` Constable Rosen calls the club a nuisance , and says it should either be shut down , or the owners should step up and be more responsible for what happens in their establishment.Constable Rosen is asking anyone who may have been a victim of sexual assault in the club to call their office . That number is 713-755-7628 .
Some libertarians ( usually the dimmer internet ones ) actually think that the non-aggression principle does argumentative work in favor of a libertarian theory . But it clearly does n't . Watch .
Suppose I come on to some piece of ground that you call your land . Suppose I do n't believe people can own land since nobody makes land . So obviously I do n't recognize your claim that this is yours . You then violently attack me and push me off .
What just happened ? I say that you just used aggressive violence against me . You say that actually you just used defensive violence against me . So how do we know which kind of violence it is ?
You say it is defensive violence because under your theory of entitlement , the land belongs to you . I say it is aggressive violence because under my theory of entitlement , the land does not belong to you . So which is it ?
If you have half a brain , you see what is going on . The word “ aggression ” is just defined as violence used contrary to some theory of entitlement . The word “ defense ” is just defined as violence used consistent with some theory of entitlement . If there is an underlying dispute about entitlement , talking about aggression versus defense literally tells you nothing .
But instead of realizing that aggression and defense are merely ways of defining violence in relation to a necessarily prior theory of entitlement , many libertarians actually think non-aggression is a theory of entitlement . They think it can tell you who is entitled to what . But clearly it ca n't . You ca n't figure out what is and is n't aggression unless you first establish ( without any reference to aggression ) who is entitled to what .
Let 's use another example . Suppose I go to tax you . My claim is simple . You are not , under my theory of distributive justice , entitled to the amount I am taxing you . It does not belong to you . It belongs to the retired person it is headed to . You then resist . So I use force where necessary to extract the tax .
Now there are two moves you can make here , one makes sense and the other does n't . The one that makes sense is to say : this is an unjust tax because the amount being taxed belongs to me , and I am entitled to it . The one that does n't make sense and does no argumentative work whatsoever is to say : this is aggression .
The reason it makes no sense is because it does what philosophers call begging the question . Why is taxing you aggression rather than defense ? Well it 's aggression because you are entitled to what is being taxed from you ( you claim ) . Fine , I hear that you believe it belongs to you . But I do n't believe it belongs to you . So really when you say it is aggression , you are just assuming as an unstated premise exactly what we are disagreeing about : whether the thing actually belongs to you or not . If I am right about the thing not belonging to you , it 's not aggression . If you are right about it belonging to you , it is .
So calling it aggression when we are disputing whether it belongs to you literally does nothing in the debate . You 've just restated that you think the thing belongs to you with different words . You did n't do any argumentative work . You just said the same thing — I am entitled to this thing — again . Non-aggression does n't justify any claims regarding entitlement . It 's the reverse : entitlement claims justify your assertions about what is and is n't non-aggressive .
This means at all times the debate is about who is entitled to what . Aggression and non-aggression literally do nothing for anybody at any time in the debate . But libertarians actually think it is doing stuff for them . It is one of the most obviously failed moves I have ever seen .
Libertarians believe , like basically every other economic justice theory in history , that it is ok to use violence that is consistent with their theory of who is entitled to what ( labeled “ defense ” ) , but not ok to use violence that is inconsistent with it ( labeled “ aggression ” ) . But unlike every other theory of economic justice , libertarians are uniquely confused into believing that calling things defense and aggression can give you any insight into who is actually entitled to what in the first place .
To be clear , not all libertarians do this . But a massive chunk of the online , Ron Paul , mouth-breathing crowd does . It 's ridiculous .
AN apology has been issued after a poster advertising a TV drama about “ The Walking Dead ” was put up on the side of a funeral parlour .
The siting of the advertisement for The Walking Dead , a post-apocalyptic television horror show , sited next to The Co-operative Funeralcare raised eyebrows in Consett , County Durham .
Web designer Greg Coltman , 35 , of Saxon Terrace , Consett , said : “ At first I thought it was quite funny , but when I thought about I realised some people could take offence . ”
Susan Jones , from the Willow Burn Hospice , near Lanchester , said that while some people may see the funny side , others would not .
They said : “ There must have been somewhere else they could put it that would have shown a degree of insight and sensitivity . ”
Mrs Jones said grieving families could be upset by seeing the advert for the US drama , which is about hordes of undead chasing a gang of survivors . They said : “ Emotions can be pretty raw when people are recently bereaved .
“ Words like ‘ death ' and ‘ dead ' can be very difficult . If you encounter this just as you are going to the funeral service to make arrangements for a loved one , it could be very upsetting .
“ People of a certain age group could find it particularly challenging . ”
Councillor Owen Temple , who represents the Consett area on Durham County Council , said they were aware of the billboard , but had not received any complaints .
They said : “ Some will be amused , but some may be offended . It left me unmoved . ”
A spokesperson for The Co-operative Funeralcare said its premises in Consett were leased . They said : “ It is disappointing that we were not consulted as this advert could cause unnecessary distress .
“ When the billboard site was erected , we were assured that no insensitive adverts would be featured . ”
The company responsible , Clear Channel , has agreed the advert is inappropriate and has promised to remove it .
A spokesperson said : “ Clear Channel apologises for any offence caused by the unfortunate juxtaposition of this advertisement , which was certainly not intended .
“ We have arranged to have it moved right away . ”
Man allegedly politely said restaurant was n't safe for whites because of Michael Brown 's killing in Ferguson , Mo .
Ralph Weems was injured in an altercation over the weekend . Witnesses say the attack may have been racially motivated . ( Photo : Facebook )
Family members say a West Point man is in a Tupelo hospital after they and another man were attacked in a Huddle House parking lot by up to 20 people .
Ralph Weems , a 32-year-old Marine and Iraq war veteran , is in fair condition today according to officials at North Mississippi Medical Center .
Monday evening , police arrested 22-year-old Courtez McMillian of Okolona . They are being held in the Clay County Detention Center and will be charged with aggravated assault .
Related Link : Police make arrest in beating , others expected
Brinkley said other arrests are also pending , and that most , if not all of the assailants appear to come from Monroe County . Detectives are reviewing video footage of the incident .
The Associated Press reports that Weems went to a Waffle House early Saturday . Their friend David Knighten , an Air Force veteran of the Afghanistan war who was with him , told reporters that a man told them politely outside the restaurant that it was n't a safe place for whites , because people were upset by the killing of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri .
Related Link : Three injured , at least one arrest in Memphis Kroger beating
Knighten said when they entered the restaurant , Weems was arguing with some people inside . The argument brought police , and Knighten and Weems left . On their way to Weems ' house , they stopped at a Huddle House with an empty parking lot , according to the Associated Press .
The pair was followed to Huddle House by what Knighten said was around 20 people . Witnesses told police that the group was made up of black men , but could n't identify any of them . One witness did provide a vehicle description and police said they are working on identifying the owner .
Knighten told reporters they were trying to diffuse the situation . When a security guard told everyone to leave , Knighten said they were blocked from getting to Weems , who was on the ground being kicked by a group of people . Knighten said others then attacked him .
`` I do remember racial slurs being yelled from the crowd , '' they told the Associated Press .
Knighten could n't be reached for comment so far on Monday , but they posted on Facebook Saturday .
`` All my injuries were minor fractures and lacerations . I just wish I could have reached them sooner . Please keep your thoughts and prayers on Ralph , '' they wrote .
Brinkley , who could not be reached for comment Monday , said in the release that the attack right now is an aggravated assault investigation , and that the cause is not yet determined .
`` This does not appear to be a hate crime , '' they said . `` It 's very early in this investigation but thus far the evidence and statements suggest that a verbal altercation turned physical and somebody got hurt . ''
Investigators are reviewing surveillance video and putting together a list of suspects . Brinkley encouraged those involved with come forward voluntarily before arrest warrants are issued .
Police said it is not theirs to charge a hate crime if the situation does turn out to be racially motivated , but that the District Attorney 's office and the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation have been briefed .
`` It 's up to the Grand Jury to make this determination . All we do is process the evidence and turn the case over to the District Attorney who in turn presents it to the Grand Jury . It 's within their discretion to add the hate crime enhancement , '' Brinkley said .
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at ( 800 ) 530-7151 or the West Point Police Department at ( 662 ) 494-1244 .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.thec-l.com/1tCeq7E
All three networks on Wednesday engaged in damage control for the White House following criticism of President Obama 's selfie during Tuesday 's Mandela memorial service . On CBS This Morning , senior White House correspondent Bill Plante even made this absurd assertion : `` The President might have caused a diplomatic incident if they had declined the invitation to be in a photo with two long-time allies . '' [ Listen to the audio or watch the video after the jump ]
The cast of NBC 's Today also justified the incident , with co-host Savannah Guthrie arguing : `` I think some people thought it 's not appropriate because it 's a funeral . On the other hand , it was n't a funeral , it was a memorial service . '' Weatherman Al Roker added : `` It was a memorial , it was a celebration . '' Matt Lauer chimed in : `` There were people singing and dancing all around them . ''
In a preceding report on Today , correspondent Lester Holt argued that the picture would have been `` a get-together moment Mandela themselves may have relished . ''
Lauer brought up another aspect of selfie-gate : `` ... it does not look like Mrs. Obama is amused .... if you go back to the original selfie , they do not look incredibly amused and people are saying that perhaps they were angry about the behavior . ''
After having just described the event as a `` celebration '' to excuse the President 's cavalier picture taking , newsreader Natalie Morales suddenly labeled it a `` somber occasion '' to explain the First Lady 's sullen expression .
Lauer interjected : `` She could have been thinking about a thousand other things and you have no idea , no way to read into that . '' Morales continued : `` I think people are blowing that out of proportion . '' Roker bitterly observed : `` They 're gon na take it and go with the negative , of course . ''
At the top of the morning show 's 9 a.m . ET hour , Morales went even further – perhaps too far – in defending Michelle Obama : `` I mean , how many of us have photos taken of us , you just have that bitchy resting face , as we say . '' Roker rebuked her : `` Okay , I did n't know we needed to use that word . ''
On ABC 's Good Morning America , co-host George Stephanopoulos touted other just-released presidential photos from the South Africa trip as a way to `` maybe to drown out the chatter over that selfie . ''
Like Morales , White House correspondent Jonathan Karl focused on defending the First Lady : `` The photographer who took this picture of the selfie says that just a few seconds later , Michelle [ Obama ] was actually laughing and enjoying herself , with them as well . They are n't actually upset as they look in that photograph . ''
Here is a full transcript of Plante 's report on the December 11 CBS This Morning :
7:36AM ET
CHARLIE ROSE : The service for Nelson Mandela Tuesday was filled with memorable moments , but this morning one scene is causing an uproar on social media . President Obama posed for a selfie with two European leaders . Critics are calling it tasteless . Senior White House correspondent Bill Plante is here . Bill , good morning .
[ ON-SCREEN HEADLINE : Selfie Uproar ; Obama Photo at Mandela Memorial Causes Online Stir ]
BILL PLANTE : Good morning , Charlie . Well , as you probably know by now , a selfie is a self-portrait usually taken with a smartphone and meant to be shared with the world online . At the Mandela memorial service , another photographer actually captured the moment that the three world leaders posed for their selfie . And it was their photo that went viral and sparked all the outrage . It may seem like an odd setting for a selfie . A memorial service for the man who brought down Apartheid .
UNIDENTIFIED MAN : In honor of our father , Nelson Mandela . PLANTE : But there they were , President Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron mugging for the camera with Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt . The moment struck some as rude . A Washington Post blogger called it `` beyond the pale . '' Business Insider described it as `` awkward . ''
Randy Cohen , who used to write the ethicist column for the New York Times Magazine , thinks this is less faux pas and more faux outrage .
RANDY COHEN : I think what people object to , when they do object , is the expression of endless narcissism undimmed by even the most solemn moments of human existence . But that 's not what this was . This was a big public event that included celebration as well as grief . Laughter as well as tears .
PLANTE : Viewed another way , the President might have caused a diplomatic incident if they had declined the invitation to be in a photo with two long-time allies . Even so , the First Lady did n't seem too pleased .
To be fair , President Obama was not alone . Here 's George W. Bush with U2 frontman Bono . That snap was posted on the former president 's Instagram . On that photo sharing site , where selfies are ubiquitous , there were thousands of pictures with the # mandelaservice .
COHEN : If it was terrible to take photographs at a memorial service , maybe they should have kicked out all those camera crews .
PLANTE : So has taking selfies at funerals become a trend ? Well , maybe not , but there is a Tumblr blog dedicated to pictures of grieving mourners . Really ? Probably safer to picture yourself at less somber historic occasions , like the president 's daughters Sasha and Malia seen snapping selfies at their father 's most recent inauguration .
Now , we need to note that the selfie for which the President posed yesterday has not surfaced . And given the uproar that the incident generated , the likelihood of that photo showing up on the internet anytime soon seems pretty slim . But , we 'll keep checking the Danish prime minister 's Twitter feed .
Here is a transcript of the December 11 exchange on Today :
ROME ( Reuters ) - Italy 's main opposition parties called on Monday for the resignation of the deputy head of Italy 's fragile ruling coalition over the expulsion of the wife and daughter of dissident Kazakh oligarch Mukhtar Ablyazov .
Deputy Prime Minister and Interior Minister Angelino Alfano reads a document at the Upper house of the parliament in Rome , April 30 , 2013 . REUTERS/Giampiero Sposito
Both the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and the smaller Left Ecology Freedom party filed a motion of no confidence in Interior Minister Angelino Alfano , who also serves as deputy premier , rejecting the government 's claim that the deportation took place without the knowledge of ministers .
“ The interior ministry could not be unaware and if it was , it means that there is a parallel police force in our country which is acting on its own authority , ” the 5-Star Movement 's lower house leader Riccardo Nuti said in a statement .
The incident , in which Ablyazov 's wife Anna Shalabayeva and their six year-old daughter Alua were deported after a midnight raid on their house in the suburbs of Rome on May 29 , has compounded the headaches of Prime Minister Enrico Letta .
They were already struggling to contain coalition tensions between Alfano 's center-right People of Freedom ( PDL ) and their own center-left Democratic Party ( PD ) and now faces a potentially damaging showdown in parliament , even though Alfano 's opponents may not have enough votes to oust him .
Alfano , who canceled a speaking engagement on Monday , is due to address parliament on the issue on Thursday .
Italian newspapers said at least four senior officials , including Alfano 's own chief of staff could be sacked over the incident , but the left-leaning La Repubblica said Alfano , the PDL party secretary and a key lieutenant of center-right leader Silvio Berlusconi , had to go himself .
“ A minister who does n't know about an operation of this kind and is not in control of the police is both responsible for everything and good for nothing : they should resign , ” the left-leaning newspaper said in a front-page editorial .
In a statement on Friday , Letta 's government criticized the handling of the operation and said ministers had not been informed . It withdrew the deportation order and said Shalabayeva was free to return to Italy and promised a full investigation .
Members of Alfano 's People of Freedom party rejected the call to resign , saying La Repubblica was trying to bring down the government only months after deadlocked national elections in February which forced the creation of the uneasy coalition .
The PD , wary about exacerbating problems for Letta , has been more circumspect but Dario Nardelli , a senior deputy , said “ it is in Alfano 's interest to clear up this situation ” .
ECONOMIC INTERESTS
Italy has major economic interests in Kazakhstan , including energy group Eni 's stake in the giant Kashagan oil field . The case has also highlighted the close relations between Berlusconi 's former government , in which Alfano served as justice minister , and Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev , who has dominated the huge , oil-rich state for over two decades .
On Monday , Berlusconi , whose own legal problems have already stoked coalition tensions , denied a report in the Unione Sarda newspaper that they had met Nazarbayev in Sardinia to discuss the case on July 6 .
Letta has pledged to continue investigations into the deportation of Shalabayeva , who was hustled onto a private plane to Kazakhstan despite having a valid Latvian residence permit enabling them to stay in the European Union .
Ablyazov , a banker and ex-energy minister turned bitter critic of Nazarbayev , fled Kazakhstan after their bank BTA was declared insolvent and nationalized in 2009 .
They were not present when Italian police raided the couple 's Rome villa at around midnight of May 28-29 and has accused the Kazakh government of arranging for the “ kidnap ” of their family .
According to a statement from Shalabayeva , published on the Financial Times 's website through their lawyer , the raid was conducted with little sign of normal legal process .
The statement , translated from Russian , said some 50 people , not in official uniform , broke in and subjected them and their family to various forms of rough treatment . Them brother-in-law Bolat was beaten and left with a red and swollen eye , cut lip and bleeding nose and they themselves feared for their life , it said .
They were put on a private plane for Kazakhstan despite having valid papers and having requested political asylum , it said .
In an interview with La Repubblica on Monday , Shalabayeva 's eldest daughter Madina said their mother had been made a “ hostage ” of the government , which has been severely criticized for its treatment of political opponents by groups including Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International .
“ The possibilities open to my father 's enemies are unlimited as this extraordinary expulsion proves once again , ” they said .
The Italian government has asked Kazakhstan to safeguard Shalabayeva 's rights but Kazakh authorities say they will not be able to leave pending an investigation into allegations they illegally obtained passports for relatives of Ablyazov .
Digital Album Streaming + Download Includes unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app , plus high-quality download in MP3 , FLAC and more . Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Album $ 7 USD or more Send as Gift
Share / Embed
about
Faces From The Static is my fourth full-length album .
I told myself I would take a bit of a break from music after finishing The Man Forgotten - but I could n't stop writing songs . Within a month , I was getting new ideas , and by December of 2011 I had two tracks roughed out ( Paper Hearts / Paper Friends and Triumph and Sin ) . Others came in the months that followed ( Heisenberg , Revisited and Help Me Make It To The Night , to name two ) . I struggled with this album more than I ever have before . I built up a pile of dozens of demos . By the one year mark , I had pretty much nailed down my track list , but I still had a long ways to go .
Now , a year and a half after I first began , the album is finally complete . I feel like I started recording as one person and finished as another entirely . This album has truly been a journey for me .
I 'm immensely proud of these songs . I hope you enjoy them .
Many thanks to Owen Young , Eric Marden , Fia Fortune , Matt Chabe , Mark Ricketts , Leslie Bowman , Rodrigo de la Garza , and Senora Esteban for their ears and feedback as I worked to put this all together . When I get the physical copies printed , your names will be on the inside .
credits
released July 1 , 2013
Written , recorded , and produced by Ian Marquis .
license
all rights reserved
Redmonk Analyst Fintan Ryan recently published their findings on framework popularity in Java . After completing an in-depth research study on GitHub stars , issues , commits and Twitter followers , Ryan concludes :
Spring still dominates , Spring Boot is on an exponential curve , Netty and Play continue to grow strongly .
Ryan started with the 15 most popular Java framework projects and found a clear divide between two tiers . The figure below shows all the frameworks included in this study .
The top , most popular tier consists of Spring , Play , Netty , Spring Boot , Vert.x , Dropwizard and Spark Java . They conducted the rest of their analysis on these frameworks , looking at GitHub stats , community and commercial contributions , support and licensing .
Netty is particularly interested in that it had lots of commits from Twitter in 2009 and 2012 .
And most of its issues come from Apple ( due to a single contributor ) .
It 's also interesting to see that Sony Mobile sponsors most of the Spark Java work . This is because they employ the project 's lead engineers .
Beneath this facade of glitzy charts lies a modest interior with not many surprises . Of the open source Java frameworks , the most popular ones are developed by Pivotal , Lightbend , Red Hat and the open source community .
Notably missing from this list is Oracle . However , Oracle 's Java EE does provide the infrastructure ( e.g . servlets ) for many of the frameworks in this study . If Java EE were an open source project on GitHub , how would it stack up against these frameworks ? It 'll be interesting to see how Oracle tries to regain framework relevancy with Java EE 8 . They 've committed to a revamped Java EE 8 for the cloud . Several new initiatives surrounding this effort are expected to be announced at the JavaOne conference next week .
NASA 's Kepler spacecraft , designed to discover planets orbiting distant stars , has turned up something that 's decidedly not a planet . And at this point , that 's pretty much all we can say about it—except that it 's a mystery .
A star that Kepler has been observing , KIC 8462852 , underwent several periods of dimming . This is exactly what Kepler was built to look for , because a slight dimming in a star 's light can indicate the presence of a planet passing in front of it . But this is no slight dip in the star 's light output—it dims by a full 20 percent . That 's way too much change for any transiting planet to produce . So , as two researchers titled their paper , “ Where 's the Flux ? ”
The paper exhaustively examines various possible identities for the phenomena . They settle on a most likely scenario , but clearly this is one of the many cases in science where future work is needed .
Planet hunters
While Kepler focuses on a relatively small patch of sky—about 100 square degrees , while the whole sky is about 41,253—there are a lot of stars within that patch , and it followed more than 150,000 of them . That 's way too much data for the researchers to search individually . Instead , they use algorithms that look for repeating patterns , like periodic dips in a star 's flux ( light output ) .
But that approach lacks a certain human touch—it wo n't spot anything that 's unexpected , since that wo n't be incorporated into the algorithm . So to complement it , researchers relied on a citizen science project called Planet Hunters . Astronomy enthusiasts among the public were given the chance to pore over the data by eye . It was the Planet Hunters project that discovered KIC 8462852 , marking it as an interesting object .
In just the first quarter of Kepler 's mission , volunteers had identified it as “ bizarre , ” “ interesting , ” and a “ giant transit. ” As new data on the star was released , discussions continued on the “ talk ” page of the Planet Hunters site , where it became increasingly apparent something was afoot .
Rises and dips
Kepler checked the star using a series of 30-minute observations throughout the duration of its mission . For most of that time , the flux remained constant , but there were a number of significant departures from that .
After two small dips in 2009 , which had attracted the notice of the Planet Hunters , there was another major dip of about 15 percent in 2011 , and it lasted nearly a week . Finally , there was a whole series of dips in 2013 , one of them managing to dim the star 's light by 22 percent .
To figure out if any of these changes are periodic , or at least have a periodic component , the researchers used a mathematical tool called a Fourier transform , which breaks signals down into the frequencies that make them up . It turns out there is indeed a regular period embedded in there , a rather short 0.88 days ( or 1.14 cycles per day ) .
This number is pretty much what researchers would expect for a star like KIC 8462852 , as it could represent the rotation of the star itself . They were able to calculate the star 's size as a result—they found that it was consistent with a normal F type star . Could the rotation of disturbances on the surface of the star itself explain the strange reduction ?
Not entirely . The Fourier transform graph reveals that something more complex is going on , as there are a few other periodic signals that also contribute to the signal . In other words , it still looks a lot like a type F star , but its rotation leaves a number of signals unaccounted for .
Looking closer
The duo then turned to the ground-based Nordic Optical Telescope in the Roque de los Muchachos ( Castle of the Kids ) observatory of La Palma , Spain . They used it to obtain some spectroscopic data on the star during the period in question , to complement Kepler 's observations . Most of these results are fairly typical for an F-type star , though they do provide extra details about the star itself .
But the spectra also revealed the presence of some interstellar gas in our line of sight to the star .
The researchers also predicted the presence of a companion star not too far away , which they then detected using the Keck II telescope in Hawaii . They ca n't confirm that the companion is physically bound to KIC 8462852 , rather than simply a background or foreground star , but they estimate that there 's only a one percent chance that it 's not part of the physical system .
But given its distance , the companion ca n't really affect the star directly . Still , it might perturb the orbits of any other objects in the system over the long-term .
Explanations
The researchers then wondered if KIC 8462852 was the only star in the Kepler data behaving in this strange way . To find out , they constructed an algorithm to search for similar extreme dips in the star 's brightness . They found over a thousand of them , but the rest turned out to be all binary systems undergoing eclipses , sunspot activity , or errors in the Kepler instrument itself . When they 'd reviewed all the candidates , not a single other star had the same behavior .
That means it 's likely not a common phenomenon . So what is it ? The main problem is that , while there is periodicity within the dimming pattern , the full , overall pattern is not periodic . Multiple events that are n't periodic are hard to create a model for . But the researchers evaluated as many possibilities as they could think of . These are :
Instrument or data errors : The first possibility the researchers discuss is that the dimmings are caused by the instrument itself , just like a smudge on your camera lens can produce an image that looks like a UFO . To rule out these glitches , they applied data analysis algorithms , checked to make sure no cosmic ray events were recorded at the same times as the dips ( as those can sometimes cause errors in electronic devices ) , looked at the light from neighboring sources recorded by Kepler to see if those displayed the same patterns ( they did n't ) , and more . At the end of this analysis , the researchers concluded that the pattern Kepler 's seeing is not a technical problem—it 's a real astrophysical event .
: The first possibility the researchers discuss is that the dimmings are caused by the instrument itself , just like a smudge on your camera lens can produce an image that looks like a UFO . To rule out these glitches , they applied data analysis algorithms , checked to make sure no cosmic ray events were recorded at the same times as the dips ( as those can sometimes cause errors in electronic devices ) , looked at the light from neighboring sources recorded by Kepler to see if those displayed the same patterns ( they did n't ) , and more . At the end of this analysis , the researchers concluded that the pattern Kepler 's seeing is not a technical problem—it 's a real astrophysical event . Variable stars : Some stars see their brightness vary naturally . But KIC 8462852 does n't match the characteristics of most known variables . There is , however , one type that could almost fit the bill and could even explain some of the weirdness in KIC 8462852 's graph . These are being stars , and they 're spinning so fast they 're essentially breaking up , ejecting material every so often . This is often seen as a bright emission , but sometimes it can cause dimming . But Be stars produce excess infra-red light , which is n't the case here ; the star 's temperature is also wrong , among other issues . Close , but no pez .
: Some stars see their brightness vary naturally . But KIC 8462852 does n't match the characteristics of most known variables . There is , however , one type that could almost fit the bill and could even explain some of the weirdness in KIC 8462852 's graph . These are being stars , and they 're spinning so fast they 're essentially breaking up , ejecting material every so often . This is often seen as a bright emission , but sometimes it can cause dimming . But Be stars produce excess infra-red light , which is n't the case here ; the star 's temperature is also wrong , among other issues . Close , but no pez . Dust getting in the way : Another possibility is clumps of dust loosely orbiting the star , periodically obscuring it . While there 's no way to rule this one out , the researchers “ disfavor ” it , because KIC 8462852 does n't seem to be a young star , and older stars do n't tend to maintain these sorts of dusty disks ( they tend to condense into planets ) .
Another possibility is clumps of dust loosely orbiting the star , periodically obscuring it . While there 's no way to rule this one out , the researchers “ disfavor ” it , because KIC 8462852 does n't seem to be a young star , and older stars do n't tend to maintain these sorts of dusty disks ( they tend to condense into planets ) . Debris getting in the way : It 's possible that the system has an equivalent ( but far more dense ) version of our asteroid field . If so , maybe some of that material is getting in the way . Alternatively , objects like broken up comets or debris from planetary collisions could cause dimmings . This one is actually something of a promising possibility , so the researchers discuss it in more detail .
Constraints
If something is getting in the way of the star , the first step would be to figure out how big it is and how close it is to the star . In that way , the researchers put constraints on it . For example , to block this much light , it could either be big and close to the star or smaller and far from the star . But if it 's small and far away , it could n't be moving fast enough to produce the right duration for the dips in brightness . All of these put constraints on the object ( s ) .
Similarly , you can constrain the minimum possible size of the clumps by looking at the depths of the dips . It turns out that at least some of the clumps have to be a significant fraction of the size of the star . The authors found a number of similar constraints based on other characteristics of the observations .
Putting all this information together , they found that whatever the clumps are , they have to be at a distance roughly equivalent to Jupiter and the other gas giants ' distance from the Sun . And it would have to be large , larger even than the star itself .
It 's possible that a small planetary body known as a planetesimal could have a large collection of dust orbiting it . That way , the planetesimal itself might have escaped our detection because it 's so small , but its gravitationally bound dust might be enough to block all that light .
Cometary conclusions
But that scenario , too , has issues , as do two others they raise : dust blasted into space after a planetesimal/asteroid collision , and debris resulting from a collision with a planet . After considering all these options , they found that the most likely scenario involves a family of broken comet debris .
Since many stellar systems have been found to have hot Jupiters—huge gas giants on extremely close orbits to their stars—it 's plausible that this system has one , too . Its gravity could have broken up a passing comet . It 's even possible that the comet could have come too close to the star and been broken up due to its tidal forces .
This idea , too , has its issues , and it 's not yet clear whether it can fully explain the data . For one thing , the absence of an excess of IR light is puzzling . It does n't rule out the comet explanation , but it might require another star to pass through the system , dragging objects from the system 's Oort cloud ( a ring at the outer edge of most stellar systems that contains millions of icy objects ) . That 's kind of far-fetched , especially as the asupervisorstioned companion star is too far to have managed this .
But for now , the researchers conclude that it 's the best explanation . “ Of the various considered , we find that the break-up of [ an ] exocomet provides the most compelling explanation , ” the authors write in their paper .
Future work is needed , first and foremost , to continue monitoring the star 's behavior and to learn more about the frequency of the dips . The team will engage in that continuing observation in collaboration with the MEarth project , a robotic survey .
Additionally , if it is indeed a family of comets , it should be releasing gas as well as dust , which can be tracked with future observations .
Whatever the case , KIC 8462852 will certainly be an interesting star to watch . “ Our analysis characterizes the object as both remarkable ( e.g. , the “ dipping ” events in the Kepler light curve ) and unremarkable ( ground-based data reveal no deviation from a normal F-type star ) at the same time , ” the authors write .
But wait , aliens ? !
It seems we left out an important possibility :
Aliens : A technologically advanced alien civilization might be building something around their star .
Other sources have been reporting that KIC 8462852 's behavior could be evidence of an alien Dyson sphere or an alien megastructure . The researchers did n't actually discuss this possibility in their paper , where they concluded the comets are currently the best explanation . But as the cometary explanation is not fully satisfying , lead author Tabetha Boyajian of Yale consulted with Jason Wright , an astrophysicist with Penn State University , who had studied ways to detect potential extraterrestrial constructions .
Wright posited that the dips in flux from the star might be due to an alien Dyson sphere . Dyson spheres , of Star Trek fame , are massive , hypothetical constructs built around a star to collect its energy through millions of solar panels .
“ Aliens should always be the very last hypothesis you consider , ” Wright told The Atlantic . “ But this looked like something you would expect an alien civilization to build . ”
Well , it does fit the bill . If aliens had built a partial Dyson sphere , it could explain the strange behavior . But that does n't mean that 's the correct explanation . As Wright says , it should be the very last hypothesis we consider . And we still have other plausible explanations , such as the comets .
Nonetheless , Wright is writing up a proposal to use the NRAO 's Green Bank Telescope , the world 's largest fully steerable radio telescope , to look for radio transmissions from the system . If accepted , the observation would take place in January . If it turns up something worth further study , it would then be turned over to the Very Large Array in New Mexico , which should be able to confirm if the radio waves come from a technological source .
It 's an interesting idea . While it 's sexier by far than comets , “ We should also approach it skeptically , ” Wright told Slate . It 's all well and good to investigate the possibility , as Wright is doing , but ( despite the impending return of “ The X-Files ” ) it 's not quite time to go `` full Mulder '' just yet .
If actual evidence exists , we might find out in January . The truth is out there , after all .
Combining the inherent contradiction of “ Warrior Buddhists ” with the legendary grand scale of Chinese military history , Shaolin monks have gotten some very interesting stories associated with them since the emperor of China made the order official circa 496 A.D . Some of which are so interesting you just know they 're not quite true , but ca n't resist the urge to hear them . Here are ten of our favorites .
10 . Much of the Combat Technique was Derived from Indian Animals
The kung fu combat techniques favored in China are actually reported by scholars to have been Indian in origin . A mystic was supposed to have gone into the area of the Shaolin Temple and introduced fighting techniques they had modeled off the movements of animals as if to give the organization a more benign , naturalistic air . As reported by National Geographic , though , it 's believed by historians that in fact the Shaolin tradition comes from something a little less enlightened . The organization started out essentially as someone 's private army , and the combat techniques came from within the group itself . A bit less pleasant to imagine them as probably a bunch of mercenaries in the beginning that took on a religious angle , but at least it 's a bit more grounded and relatable .
Source
9 . Thirteen Monks Save an Emperor
One of the earlier ( and thus more far-fetched ) legends relates to an event purported to have happened circa 621 . Emperor Tang Taizong was besieging a rebel city when another rebel army of 300,000 arrived . They asked the Shaolins for help and received thirteen warriors . These thirteen were credited with making a key attack at a crucial moment in the subsequent battle and saved the army from destruction . In a battle that involved hundreds of thousands of soldiers , it 's hard to imagine thirteen being the key to the whole battle without picturing something out of a cartoon .
Source
8 . The Training Trap Maze , i.e . “ Wooden Men Lane ”
The rigors of training for the organization naturally had to have exaggerated stories , especially for the final exam . A myth arose that beneath the temple , there was a maze of wooden dummies that trainees had to get through . By that is meant spinning wooden poles with smaller poles branching from them at varying lengths and heights that meant using different techniques to get through . This maze was supposed to have 36 different dummies that you had to get through , and they were equipped with deadly blades .
Source
7 . The God Vaprapni Hates Bullying & Vegetarianism
Vaprapni was a Hindu war god who was incorporated into Shaolin worship and the focus of a particularly odd story from seventh century A.D . There was a monk named Shengchou that was a living punching bag in their monastery . They begged to Vaprapni for help for six days . Vaprapni appeared , and then forced them to eat meat , an act which was taboo for a monk . From there it 's a typical nerd revenge fantasy where Shengchou demonstrates their great strength to their former tormentors and they beg their mercy . Why the Shaolin tradition would want a story of someone being rewarded for betraying their vows solely out of petty self-interest is really curious .
Source
6 . Ji Nau Lou 's Exploit
In the mid-sixth century , the Shaolin monks were dealing with an uprising from a group called the Red Turbans . At one point , the main body of monks had been called away from their temple , which was then attacked with only a small number of less distinguished personnel . One of them was a cook named Ji Nau Lou who 'd been studying Shaolin tactics in secret . Their method of saving the day was to grab a large flaming log from a fire ( not a torch or anything so safe to handle , mind you ) and use the staff techniques to scare the enemy away . Some versions bothered embellishing it by having them grow into a giant , which sounds like it would actually be slightly less cool to see than a normal-sized man .
Source
5 . The Unusual Way to Join
Speaking of the sixth century , here 's another legend from that period that 's quite impressive but for roughly the opposite reason . An Indian prince named Bodhidharma ( changed to Damo ) emigrated to China and was disgusted by the state they found the Shaolin Temple in and let it be known . After predictably alienating everyone in and related to the temple , they went to a nearby cave and began a meditation session . According to some legends , it stretched out for nine lunar cycles . In others , it was nine years . Whatever it was , it impressed the monastery enough that they were not only allowed into the order but they got their own room , although you 'd imagine by then the cave probably would have felt like home by then anyway .
Source
4 . How to Escape With Style
In the mid-sixteenth century , the monastery was called upon to defend China from raids by Japanese pirates . Providing 120 warriors , they fought the Japanese in four battles armed with thirty-five pound staves and for the first three inflicted sound , one-sided defeats , suffering at most four casualties a fight . Then in the fourth one they were almost wiped out with three exceptions , though history has blamed that on bad military leadership from unrelated to the monks themselves . The story of the three is that they took reeds and buried themselves for a night , and then snuck away . It seems far-fetched and implausible , but also so undignified and specific that you have to wonder why anyone would make that up .
Source
3 . The Dashanmen ( i.e. , How to Leave the Order )
Leaving the monastery on honorable terms was , for obvious reasons , not easy . In fact a system was instituted that basically illustrated how those leaving had an unusually good grasp of the combat methods . Three monks would group together , and then face off in combat against eighteen others . You 'd think word of this would never be allowed out for fear of how every time any three monks left it meant that very likely they 'd just lost by far the very best fighters and the other eighteen must have been pretty badly humiliated . Nevertheless , stage reenactments of this myth are part of the Shaolin performing repertoire today .
Source
2 . The Strange Origin of Tea Bushes
This relates to the same event that happened in myth # 5 , but it 's so strange that it deserves a separate entry . You 'll recall it was said that the Indian prince immigrant spent nine years in meditation in a cave to contemplate the failings of the Shaolin monastery ? Apparently those were nine very hard years , for in year seven , they fell unacceptably asleep . So they cut their own eyelids off to prevent any more of that unacceptable . When their amputated eyelids hit the soil , they changed into the first tea bushes . Presumably as nature 's way of honoring their sacrifice which would very blind them in real life . Probably the real reason this was concocted was because they thought an unappetizing legend would make monks a bit less eager to use up the tea supply .
Source
1 . The Needle through Glass
Probably the most widely publicized single myth in the Shaolin legacy ( except of course for Kung Fu Panda ) is this video of a monk throwing a needle through a piece of glass like their arm has converted it into a bullet . Controversially , this myth was “ busted ” on , well , Mythbusters . Where else ? Shaolin fans claim that the trick shown in the video involves a combination of using a stronger needle than the one used to test the myth and a thinner pane of glass . In fact , Wired reported that a German TV show years before Mythbusters had replicated the demonstration . Whatever the truth , make sure to skip the first minute of that video anytime you try to show it to anybody .
Source
Liked it ? Take a second to support Toptenz.net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
“ We 're gon na do whatever we can to win a medal at the Pan American Games and to watch these players develop , ” Triano said . “ If we feel that one of these guys can help us gain a qualification spot at the Olympics , they 're going to be on that team later this summer . ”
Triano 's hope was that Canada 's growing crop of NBA players would participate in Pan Am , especially with it being in Toronto , but NBA issues understandably are taking precedence . Players like Andrew Wiggins , Kelly Olynyk and Nik Stauskas have Summer League commitments , while others like Tristan Thompson , Cory Joseph and Robert Sacre of securing new contracts .
The Canadian national team has a history of having its best players play up at the senior level at a young age . For example , made their senior national team debut in 1977 at just 16 , whilemade their debut in 1993 at 19 . With that history acting as the backdrop to a critical summer that will culminate with the FIBA Americas Championship next month , Canada is getting ready to do the same thing with two of its brightest young stars . Canada released its training camp roster for the Pan American Games on Friday morning with Kentucky first-year student point guard Jamal Murray and Oregon sophomore wing Dillon Brooks on it . This is not an accident , nor is it merely a reward for being good players . Murray and Brooks are part of the next wave of Canadian stars and both are expected to be key pieces on future national teams . That said , the teenagers are getting a jump on their experience later this month at Pan Am , which will be contested in Toronto . “ I think it 's huge because we 've had a history of young players representing Canada , ” Canada head coach , a Trail Blazers assistant , said on a conference call Friday morning . “ I think the sooner we get them involved with our national team programs , it really helps in their development as players , but it really helps in their passion for wanting to represent their country . That 's the thought behind this. ” Triano noted that Murray was held back from the ongoing FIBA Under-19 World Championships in Greece this month with an eye on having Murray play up at Pan Am . Meanwhile , Brooks has starred for Canada 's U-19 national team , which lost in the quarterfinals on Friday morning to Croatia. “ With Dillon , I 've been in contact with ( Canadian U-19 head coach ) over in Greece and he 's just been having an outstanding tournament , ” Triano said of Brooks , who is averaging 16.5 points , 5.8 rebounds and 3.5 assists in Greece . “ We think he 's a player that will help us in the future as well. ” Barring something unforeseen at this point , both will make the 12-man Pan Am roster . The question then becomes , can either or both find their way onto the national team at the FIBA Americas Championship ? That event in Mexico will act as Olympic qualifying from Aug. 31-Sept. 12 . The top two teams will advance to the 2016 Olympics . Canada has not qualified for an Olympics since Nash captained the 2000 team in Sydney , which finished seventh . Additionally , no Canadian team has medaled at an Olympics or World Championships since the 1936 Berlin Olympics. “ At the end of the Pan American Games , we 're going to do a complete evaluation of all the players that represented Canada and we 're going to sit down as a staff and figure out how we 're going to qualify for the Olympics , ” Triano said . “ The Olympic Qualifying Tournament , it 's no secret , is a big event for us this summer . Our NBA players know that , even the NBA teams know that . ”
From Alejandro Jodorowsky 's “ Dune ” to Terry Gilliam 's “ Watchmen , ” cinema history is filled with a tantalizing array of abandoned projects . And amid these fascinating what-if scenarios , one unrealized film has haunted horror fans for almost two decades : George A. Romero 's “ Resident Evil . ”
In 1998 , video game developer Capcom hired Romero , whose landmark classic “ Night of the Living Dead ” single-handedly created the modern zombie genre , to direct a live-action TV commercial for the game “ Resident Evil 2 ” ( known as “ Biohazard 2 ” in Japan ) . Set in an abandoned jail overrun by the walking dead , the 30-second spot starred Brad Renfro and Adrienne Frantz .
“ It was an honor to work with a legend like Romero , ” Frantz said . “ All of the zombie TV shows and movies that we see today are because of him . They started an entire horror film revolution . ”
Frantz was struck by Romero 's dedication to recreating specific images from the game . “ Every little detail counted to him , ” they said . “ I remember they taught me how to pump the shotgun correctly ! ”
Though it only aired in Japan , the commercial 's cinematic intensity impressed Sony Pictures enough that execs tapped Romero to write and direct a feature adaption of the original game .
Related Milla Jovovich on ‘ Resident Evil ' : ‘ Every Movie We 've Made Has Been Made as if It Was the Last ' How ‘ Resident Evil ' Producer Constantin Film Conquered the Globe
Director Rob Kuhns , whose 2013 documentary “ Birth of the Living Dead ” chronicled the cultural impact of “ Night of the Living Dead , ” believes that hiring the auteur made good box office sense at the time .
“ Having Romero attached gave the film a stamp of legitimacy for horror fans , ” Kuhns said . “ Back then , if you thought about zombies , you thought of Romero . Their involvement guaranteed a certain number of people would come to see the movie . ”
The project arrived at a crucial time for Romero . “ He had a 10-year period with New Line Cinema where they were paid to develop projects , ” Kuhns said . “ But they did n't make anything with them . Everything kept falling through repeatedly . ”
Jamie Russell , author of “ Book of the Dead : The Complete History of Zombie Cinema , ” sees another reason why Romero 's involvement was a wise decision .
“ The game 's designer , Shinji Mikami , was a big fan of Romero , and it showed , ” Russell said . “ It was a game that leant heavily on cinematic camera angles and atmosphere . ”
Romero wrote their first draft in six weeks . Set primarily in the game 's eerie Spencer Mansion , the script focused on popular game characters Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine .
Unlike the version that Paul W.S . Anderson eventually wrote and directed in 2002 , Romero 's script was faithful to the game 's plot , and featured a menagerie of bizarre creatures ( including mutant sharks , giant snakes and a man-eating plant ) that gamers had come to love .
This fidelity to the source material was unexpected , considering that Romero had never actually played the game itself . “ Romero was n't a gamer , ” Russell said . “ To familiarize himself , they watched a videotape of an assistant playing through it . ”
Though some details were changed , the script 's overall tone and structure hewed far closer to the game than Anderson 's post- “ Matrix ” sci-fi version did .
“ The original game was a slow-burn horror story , punctuated by moments of intense terror , ” Russell said . “ Anderson 's movie , in contrast , took the concept and put it on steroids . It was brash and relentless . At times , you 'd be forgiven for thinking they were adapting the ‘ Call of Duty ' games . ”
Yet despite adhering to the game 's mythology , Sony and Capcom ultimately passed on Romero 's draft . Capcom producer Yoshiki Okamoto bluntly stated at the time : “ Romero 's script was n't good , so Romero was fired . ”
“ I know George was really disappointed that they did n't do it , ” Adrienne Frantz said . “ Still to this day , I just ca n't believe that their version did n't end up making it . ”
According to Jamie Russell , the rejection hit Romero especially hard since “ from their point of view , the games had basically ripped-off their Living Dead films to begin with . ”
In a happy twist , however , the box office success of Anderson 's film helped reignite audiences ' interest in zombies , paving the way in 2005 for Romero to write and direct “ Land of the Dead , ” the fourth entry in their Living Dead series . Since then , two more movies — “ Diary of the Dead ” in 2007 and “ Survival of the Dead ” in 2009 — have followed .
As the saying goes , you ca n't keep a good zombie down .
Microwave Cooking for One by Marie T Smith
Is your microwave oven 's main function in life is to heat leftovers , bake potatoes or pop popcorn ? You can cook complete meals in your microwave oven and this site is here to help show you how by teaching you to microwave cook dishes for one that can be easily multiplied . If you arrived here because you heard this is the world 's saddest cookbook , we hope you 'll take some time to explore the site and find out why Microwave Cooking for One can actually help you learn to cook , as well as save you time and money .
Why Microwave Food ?
It 's fast ! Generally , cooking food takes one-fourth the time in the microwave than it takes in your conventional oven .
! Generally , cooking food takes one-fourth the time in the microwave than it takes in your conventional oven . It 's cool ! Cooking heat is created within the food , so your kitchen does not become overheated .
! Cooking heat is created within the food , so your kitchen does not become overheated . It 's tastier ! Natural flavors are retained in the food .
! Natural flavors are retained in the food . It 's nutritional ! Reduced cooking time means more vitamins and minerals are retained .
! Reduced cooking time means more vitamins and minerals are retained . It 's economical ! You only cook the amount of food you need . Your microwave uses less electrical wattage than with your conventional oven , and you 're cooking for a shorter amount of time .
! You only cook the amount of food you need . Your microwave uses less electrical wattage than with your conventional oven , and you 're cooking for a shorter amount of time . It 's convenient ! You can cook right in the serving dish , on paper plates and in paper towels . There is less mess to clean up after you 're done .
Why Recipes for One ?
Anyone who has tried to reduce a recipe to a small amount knows that it is not an easy task , but to double or triple a recipe is a fairly simple feat . The tough reducing part has been done for you already in Microwave Cooking for One ; the easy job of increasing these recipes to two or three or four servings is up to you .
We are becoming a society of single- and two-person households . Baby-boomers are retiring , and their children have grown up and moved out of the house . Microwave Cooking for One is a healthy solution for : Busy Households Full of Individual Tastes College Students Cost-Conscious Households Individuals Living Alone Individuals on a Special Diet or Any Diet Newly Weds Retired Couples Single Military Personnel Widows and Widowers Yourself !
Getting Started ...
A good place to start is in the Microwave Cooking Tips section to get an overview about cooking in the microwave oven .
Then , visit the Contents & Recipes section and try some of the recipes .
Did You Know ?
Many people become frustrated when attempting to cook in the microwave because they do not realize that most recipes are written for the 700-watt oven ( the industry standard ) . However , what do you do if you own a different wattage oven ? Check out our easy-to-use Conversion Charts to convert to the time you need to use to cook your food . Do n't know what wattage oven you have ? Follow the instructions at What Wattage is My Oven ? to determine your microwave oven 's wattage .
Marie T Smith demonstrates how easy it is to make a healthy , nutritional breakfast .
Exoplanets may have been teeming with alien microbial life just 15 million years after the Big Bang , according to a Harvard scientist .
Exoplanets that orbit far beyond the habitable zone may have been able to support life in the distant past , warmed by the relic radiation left over from the Big Bang that created the universe 13.8 billion years ago , said astrophysicist Abraham Loeb from the Harvard University .
This suggests that Earthlings may be extreme latecomers to a universe full of life . The earliest evidence of life on Earth dates from 3.8 billion years ago , about 700 million years after our planet formed , 'LiveScience ' reported .
The universe was a much hotter place just after the Big Bang . It was filled with sizzling plasma - superheated gas - that gradually cooled .
The first light produced by this plasma is the cosmic microwave background radiation ( CMB ) that we observe today , which dates from about 389,000 years after the Big Bang .
Now , the CMB is freezing cold - around minus 270 degrees Celsius . It cooled down gradually with the expansion of the cosmos , and at some point during the cooling process , for a brief period of seven million years or so , the temperature was just right for life to form .
The CMB 's heat that would have allowed water to remain liquid on ancient exoplanets , Loeb said .
`` When the universe was 15 million years old , the cosmic microwave background had a temperature of a warm summer day on Earth , '' they said .
`` If rocky planets existed at that epoch , then the CMB could have kept their surface warm even if they did not reside in the habitable zone around their parent star , '' they added .
According to the standard cosmological model , the very first stars started to form out of hydrogen and helium tens of millions of years after the Big Bang . No heavy elements , which are necessary for planet formation , were around yet .
However , Loeb said that rare `` islands '' packed with denser matter may have existed in the early universe , and massive , short-lived stars could have formed in them earlier than expected .
Explosions of these stars could have seeded the universe with heavy elements , and the very first rocky planets would have been born .
These first planets would have been bathed in the warm CMB radiation , and thus , Loeb said , it would have been possible for them to have liquid water on their surface for several million years .
Story highlights `` This was a guy who used to be my friend , they decimated me , '' accuser says
Armstrong regrets fighting the USADA , when the agency claimed they had doped
After years of denials , they admit using performance-enhancing drugs and blood doping
`` I will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize , '' Armstrong says
Calling themselves `` deeply flawed , '' now-disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong says they used an array of performance enhancing drugs to win seven Tour de France titles then followed that by years of often-angry denials .
`` This is too late , it 's too late for probably most people . And that 's my fault , '' they said in an interview with Oprah Winfrey that aired Thursday night . `` ( This was ) one big lie , that I repeated a lot of times . ''
Armstrong admitted using testosterone and human growth hormone , as well as EPO -- a hormone naturally produced by human kidneys to stimulate red blood cell production . It increases the amount of oxygen that can be delivered to muscles , improving recovery and endurance .
In addition to using drugs , the 2002 Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year admitted to Winfrey that they took blood transfusions to excel in the highly competitive , scandal-ridden world of professional cycling . Doping was as much a part of the sport as pumping up tires or having water in a bottle , Armstrong said , calling it `` the scariest '' that they did n't consider it cheating at the time .
The same man who insisted throughout and after their career that he 'd passed each of the `` hundreds and hundreds of tests I took '' contended in the interview that they would n't have won without doing what they did . While Armstrong did n't invent the culture of doping in cycling , they said , they admitted not acting to prevent it either .
JUST WATCHED Armstrong : I doped for Tour de France Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Armstrong : I doped for Tour de France 01:09
JUST WATCHED Winfrey to Armstrong : Why confess now ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Winfrey to Armstrong : Why confess now ? 00:52
`` I made my decisions , '' Armstrong said . `` They are my mistakes . ''
Armstrong : I was `` a bully ''
The first installment in their interview , which was conducted earlier this week with the talk-show host , aired Thursday on the OWN cable network and on the Internet . The second installment will be broadcast Friday night .
Armstrong admitted they were `` a bully ... in the sense that I tried to control the narrative , '' sometimes by spewing venom at ex-teammates they thought were `` disloyal , '' as well as suing people and publications that accused them of cheating .
They described themselves as `` a fighter '' whose story of a happy marriage , recovery from cancer and international sporting success `` was so perfect for so long . ''
`` I lost myself in all of that , '' they said , describing themselves as both a `` humanitarian '' and a `` jerk '' who 'd been `` arrogant '' for years . `` I was used to controlling everything in my life . ''
The scandal has tarred the cancer charity Livestrong that they founded , as well as tarnished their once-glowing reputation as a sports hero .
Those who spoke out against Armstrong at the height of their power and popularity not only felt their wrath but the wrath of an adoring public .
Now , with Armstrong stripped of endorsement deals and their titles , those who did speak out are feeling vindicated .
They include Betsy Andreu , wife of fellow cyclist Frankie Andreu , who said they overheard Armstrong acknowledges to a doctor treating them for cancer in 1996 that they had used performance-enhancing drugs . They later testified about the incident and began cooperating with a reporter working on a book about doping allegations against Armstrong .
Armstrong subsequently ripped her , among others . More recently , they said he 'd reached out to them to apologize -- in what Andreu called `` a very emotional phone call . ''
JUST WATCHED The world according to Lance Armstrong Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The world according to Lance Armstrong 02:32
JUST WATCHED Armstrong 's denials through the years Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Armstrong 's denials through the years 01:15
JUST WATCHED Armstrong could face more legal battles Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Armstrong could face more legal battles 03:26
`` This was a guy who used to be my friend , who decimated me , '' Andreu told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday night . `` He could have come clean . They owed it to me . They owe it to the sport that they destroyed . ''
In their interview with Winfrey , Armstrong said they understand why many might be upset that it took them so long to speak out , especially after going on the offensive for so long . They said he 's reached out in recent days to several people , such as Andreu , who publicly accused them of doping and then were attacked -- and in some cases sued -- by him .
And the former athletic icon also conceded he 'd let down many fans `` who believed in me and supported me '' by being adamant , sometimes hurtful and consistently wrong in their doping denials .
`` They have every right to feel betrayed , and it 's my fault , '' they said . `` I will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize to people . ''
Years of success and defiance , then a rapid fall
The Texas-born Armstrong grew up to become an established athlete , including winning several Tour de France stages . But their sporting career ground to a halt in 1996 when they were diagnosed with cancer . They were 25 .
They returned to the cycling world , however . Their breakthrough came in 1999 , and they did n't stop as they reeled off seven straight wins in their sport 's most prestigious race . Allegations of doping began during this time , as did Armstrong 's defiance , including investigations and a lawsuit against the author of a book accusing them of taking performance enhancing drugs .
They left the sport after their last win , in 2005 , only to return to the tour in 2009 .
Armstrong insisted they were clean when they finished third that year , but that comeback led to their downfall .
`` We would n't be sitting here if I did n't come back , '' they told Winfrey .
In 2011 , Armstrong retired once more from cycling . But their fight to maintain their clean reputation was n't over , including a criminal investigation launched by federal prosecutors .
That case was dropped in February . But in April , the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency notified Armstrong of an investigation into new doping charges . In response , the cyclist accused the organization of trying to `` dredge up discredited '' doping allegations and , a few months later , filed a lawsuit in federal court trying to halt the case .
In retrospect , Armstrong told Winfrey they `` would do anything to go back to that day . ''
`` Because I would n't fight , I would n't sue them , I 'd listen , '' they said , offering to speak out about doping in the future .
The USADA found `` overwhelming '' evidence that Armstrong was involved in `` the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program . ''
In August , Armstrong said they would n't fight the charges , though they did n't admit guilt either .
And the hits kept on coming .
In October , the International Cycling Union stripped them of all their Tour de France titles . Even then , they remained publicly defiant , tweeting a photo of themselves a few weeks later lying on a sofa in their lounge beneath the seven framed yellow jerseys from those victories .
Then the International Olympic Committee stripped them of the bronze medal they won in the men 's individual time trial at the 2000 Olympic Games and asked them to return the award , an IOC spokesperson said Thursday .
The USOC was notified Wednesday that the IOC wants the medal back , USOC spokesperson Patrick Sandusky said .
`` We will shortly be asking Mr. Armstrong to return their medal to us , so that we can return it to the IOC . ''
Premier Kathleen Wynne 's Liberals knew last year they were “ not on track ” to meet deficit targets key to reaching a balanced budget promised by 2018 , according to documents revealed by the Progressive Conservatives . “ The premier was told flat out their plan to balance the budget was a phony plan , ” Conservative Leader Tim Hudak told a news conference Monday , citing Ministry of Finance papers .
Ontario PC Leader Tim Hudak , right , said Monday at a news conference with finance critic Vic Fedeli that the Liberal government is `` misleading taxpayers '' on its deficit elimination target . ( Rob Ferguson / Toronto Star )
“ Kathleen Wynne is actually lying , ” they charged . The papers reveal for the fiscal years ending in 2015 and 2016 that the minority government was $ 4.5 bllion behind deficit reduction targets set in 2012 , which raises doubts about the Liberals ' plan to slay Ontario 's deficit . That will undermine the confidence of potential investors , Hudak charged .
Article Continued Below
“ They 've been misleading taxpayers and that 's going to cost us jobs , ” they warned . In the legislature 's first daily question period since last week 's March school break , Wynne told Hudak they were off base and that the documents were prepared as part of the financial planning process . “ We are constantly updating numbers , ” Wynne said , attacking Hudak for a “ radical and risky approach ” of promised cuts to get Ontario 's finances under control . The documents , obtained by the Conservatives through the legislature 's estimates committee , blamed lower-than-expected revenues and noted that making the gap “ fully disappear requires aggressive spending restraint and/or revenue tools. ” That means hold on to your wallet , Hudak said , pointing to the possibility of “ non-tax revenue proposals ( multiple ) ” cited in the documents .
The shortfalls were identified as $ 1.9 billion in the 2014-15 fiscal year starting this April 1 and $ 2.6 billion the following year . The figures came with a warning from senior bureaucrats in the Finance Ministry that there are “ no plans in place to achieve out-year deficit targets from 2012 budget. ” A spokesperson for Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the documents were prepared as part of crafting last year 's budget , which was delivered last May 2 .
Article Continued Below
The government is still targeting a balanced budget by the 2017-2018 fiscal and “ nothing has changed on that front , ” press secretary Susie Health told the Star . This year 's deficit is expected to be $ 11.7 billion and no date has been set for a spring budget , raising questions as to whether the Liberals are delaying to do a deal with the NDP or postpone a possible spring election , Hudak said . Since 2000 , eight budgets have been delivered in March , five in May and one in June . Wynne has said their spring budget will include a “ transparent ” plan to raise money for expanded public transit END . The papers say the government will have to cut its pension expenses — an initiative that is already underway — and notes it is banking on an expansion of the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation , including a GTA casino , to bring in an extra $ 1 billion a year by 2017-2018 . No site for a GTA casino has been found given opposition from several municipalities and fast-rising costs of hosting the Pan Am Games in 2015 do not appear to be factored in , said Conservative finance critic Vic Fedeli ( North Bay ) .
Read more about :
Louis van Gaal has backed Robin van Persie to end their Manchester United barren run against Chelsea and insisted the forward is not past their peak at Old Trafford .
With Wayne Rooney serving the final match of a three-game suspension and vice-captain Darren Fletcher expected to start on the substitutes ' bench , Van Persie is poised to captain United against the Premier League leaders .
The Dutch forward goes into the game having scored just two goals in seven appearances for United this season , with their performances prompting calls among supporters for them to be dropped when Rooney returns from their ban against Manchester City next weekend .
But Van Gaal , who handed Van Persie the Holland captaincy during their two-year reign as Dutch coach , claims they have no concerns over the 31-year-old 's performances for United , insisted they merely need a change of luck .
“ He is a little bit unlucky , ” Van Gaal said . “ Like against West Bromwich Albion , when they shot with right foot , it was hard to believe that that shot hit the post and stayed out of the goal .
“ A striker needs also a bit of luck and then their confidence is higher , but they are self-confident , so I expect they shall score and maybe against Chelsea . ”
Van Persie 's prolonged involvement at the World Cup with Holland , who stayed in Brazil until the final weekend to play in the third-place play-off game , meant they were handed an extended summer break by Van Gaal .
As a result , Van Persie has appeared to struggle for full match fitness amid claims – denied by the player – that they were troubled by a persistent knee injury .
Van Gaal rejected suggestions that Van Persie is not yet fully fit , however .
“ I think they are more fit than ever , ” Van Gaal said . “ But has not scored so much . In the Dutch team , they have scored more now than for Manchester United and then they were not so fit as now .
“ He scored four goals out of six games at the World Cup , so now maybe now they are playing better but does n't score as much .
“ He has showed that at the World Cup [ that they are not past their peak ] and is showing that now , except scoring goals , but that is only a matter of time . ”
Van Gaal , meanwhile , has confirmed that Ángel di María is fit to face Chelsea after overcoming a thigh injury sustained during Monday 's 2-2 draw at West Bromwich .
“ Di María should be fine , ” Van Gaal said . “ I said after the game at West Bromwich that the injury is not so heavy and it is not heavy . They only did not train on the first day , but they have trained since Thursday . ”
Andreas Wahl is a physicist , but he 's not just a physicist . Instead of publishing papers and maybe giving a lecture here or there , he 's taken to illustrating the laws of our physical world in particularly extreme ways . Recently , in a video for NRK Viten in Norway , they did it by firing a gun at their own abdomen . Just another day at the office .
Of course they were fine ; water is more dense than air which means that a bullet fired at speeds that would be lethal in the air will be slowed to a craw almost instantly underwater . You may recall that time the Mythbusters illustrated it with a dummy . Even so , it 's a tiny bit more visceral to see flesh and blood at least appear to be on the line .
This is n't Wahl 's first stunt . He 's also gotten dropped from 40 feet tied only to a kettle bell and luged through a giant flaming grill to prove points about centrifugal force and evaporation respectively . If only they could find an especially flashy way to prove the Earth is round .
Source : NRK Viten via CNET
Despite last week 's deal to return to Myanmar some of the hundreds of thousands of people housed in the world 's largest refugee camp , on the Bangladesh side of the border , Cardinal Patrick D'Rozario warns that the situation remains both explosive and tough to resolve .
`` I am hopeful the Rohingya can be returned to Myanmar , '' D'Rozario , the Archbishop of Dhaka , told AFP in an interview ahead of Francis 's visit .
`` The international community wants it and the Holy Father 's visit will prepare the minds and hearts of many , '' they said .
The UN 's refugee agency has said the conditions for a safe return of Rohingya to Myanmar 's Rakhine state are not in place and Bangladesh indicated Saturday that the plan was for them to be housed in temporary shelters initially .
Despite the difficult backdrop , D'Rozario is looking forward to the visit of the pontiff who made them a cardinal in 2016 , in a first for Bangladesh and its tiny community of 360,000 Catholics .
Francis arrives in Myanmar on Monday and will fly Thursday to Bangladesh .
Their schedule does not include a visit to the vast refugee camp but they are due to meet with a small group of Rohingya in Dhaka , the Bangladeshi capital .
`` The cries of the Rohingya are the cries of humanity , '' D'Rozario said .
`` These cries ought to be heard and addressed . ''
The archbishop spent two days in the camp himself , speaking to families forced from their homes in Rakhine state by a campaign of orchestrated violence and intimidation condemned as ethnic cleansing by much of the international community .
`` The main thing is to tell the people 'We are on your side ' , '' they say , adding how they take inspiration from Francis 's oft-repeated description of the Church 's role as being like that of a field hospital .
Caritas , the Church 's humanitarian arm , is helping to feed 40,000 families in the refugee camp , an estimated total of around 300,000 people .
`` Can you imagine ? A small church like ours ! Working with the Rohingya and taking care of a third of the refugees ... our little church ! ''
Despite their pride in the pivotal role Bangladesh 's small Christian minority has been able to play in the crisis , the cardinal admits the outlook is not good .
`` I do n't think Bangladesh can take care of the Rohingya in the long term , '' they said .
`` They have to go back but they will not go back unless there is certainty on their security , their citizenship , their right to land , right to shelter and also a mental security .
`` The international response for relief has been satisfactory but how long will it last for ? Generosity will not continue to flow as it did in the initial phase of the crisis . ''
Overcrowded , impoverished Bangladesh deserves praise for its efforts to accommodate the refugees , D'Rozario added .
But inevitably there will be tensions because of the impact of the latest Rohingya influx on local tribal groups .
`` There are a lot of tensions , social tensions . Land is not available . It 's a very densely populated country , physically they do n't have any space .
`` I admire the local people ( for their restraint ) , the population has more than doubled .
`` There are environmental issues with all the trees cut to make shelters .
There will be landslides when there is big rain .
`` It is not possible for Bangladesh alone to tackle this . The future looks very bleak . ''
READ ALSO : Aung San Suu Kyi 's Nobel Peace Prize ' can not ' be revoked over Rohingya crisis : committee
– PIVX price is up 15 % from 2 weeks ago at a current price of $ 1.27 ( 78k sat ) . ( was $ 1.12 @ April 24th )
– PIVX has stayed within the top 6 trade volume coin of Bittrex every day for the past 2 months . ( mostly within Top 3 )
– PIVX masternode count went up from approx . 1950 to 2088 in the past 2 weeks . ( MN count is stable )
– PIVX has been added to Livecoin & Changelly in the past 2 weeks . More exchanges in the talks .
– PIVX has had 2 major wallet releases within the past 3 weeks . ( v2.2.0 then v2.2.1 which is very stable )
– PIVX devs have had a meeting with “ the ” Charles Hoskinson last week . They are interested in PIVX development .
– PIVX HD mobile wallet is in the works . More details avail . in few days . ( coinomi as alternative )
– PIVX devs have now started the Zerocoin protocol project in full-throttle . ( will be a game changer )
– PIVX was mentioned on nasdaq.com as one of 4 anonymous crypto https : //t.co/gJMp46ypeU
– PIVX budget system is back up with superblock ( block 648000 ) happening in 9 days . ( first time in 2017 )
– PIVX block halving ( 50 % ) is happening on the same block in 9 days . From 10 to 5 PIV per PoS block .
– PIVX has at least 7 devs currently working on Qt/blockchain & mobile wallet etc . Anyone is welcome to join the dev team
– PIVX will work towards a ‘ Community Designed Governance ' system that changes the distribution of votes , to include the entire PIVX community
– PIVX is translating our website into over 20 languages ( Spanish is already live ) and engaging with regions around the globe to connect PIVX to the people in their native tongue
Bill Gates Calls For 'Energy Miracle ' In 15 Years . Do Experts Agree ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Buyenlarge/Getty Images Buyenlarge/Getty Images
The annual letter from the Gates Foundation calls for an `` energy miracle '' — the creation of a cheap and clean source of energy to get power to the 1.2 billion people on the planet without electricity .
`` We need to try lots of crazy-seeming ideas so we can find a few that help us solve the world 's energy challenge , '' Bill Gates writes in the letter , urging today 's high school students to take on this task .
We asked people who work on energy issues in the developing world : In your mind , what would an energy miracle be ? Are there any downsides ?
First of all , it 's important to remember that for many millions of people around the world , electricity really would be a miracle . Esther Ngumbi , born in Kenya and now a postdoctoral researcher in the department of entomology and plant pathology at Auburn University , told us , `` My family in Kenya just recently received an energy miracle . For the first time since I was born , we were able to flip the switch . Having access to electricity has allowed us to pump water from the well and use it to irrigate our crops , power our computers and phones , have reading lights for students attending our school . We are already thinking of buying our parents a refrigerator so that they can store food . This would be another miracle . This means that time spent cooking food three times a day will be put into other activities . Imagine if such a transformation happens to the people who lack access to energy ! We clearly would be able to eradicate poverty and hunger in our lifetime ! ''
Those are some of the reasons that our energy mavens agree with Gates : Energy for all is a priority . But they put a lot of emphasis on using the environmentally friendly technologies we already have in smarter ways . Here are their comments , edited for clarity and length . Note : We asked these contributors if they 'd received grants from the Gates Foundation and the answer was almost uniformly no ( the Center for Global Development gets some Gates funding but not for its energy work ) . As our readers may know , Gates is a funder of NPR and this blog .
Cleanliness is next to godliness
Evans Wadongo , a Kenyan engineer and a clean energy entrepreneur
I am glad that Bill Gates realizes that we need to have not only cheap energy but clean also . I was against their earlier notion , which indicated that poor countries just need cheap energy for now even if it 's not necessarily clean .
Many rural areas in developing countries are off grid . If the cost of solar and wind and storage of generated power can significantly come down , then such areas can afford to have clean energy — both from small systems at a household level and from large systems at a community level .
Jobs first
Carl Manlan , executive secretary at Africa Against Ebola Solidarity Trust
What would an energy miracle be ? When Africa 's industrialization is a catalyst for job creation . [ These ] decent-paying jobs will allow more citizens to afford alternative sources of energy . The miracle that Africa requires is to have more decent-paying jobs that allow more citizens to afford alternative sources of energy . Making energy a priority is a critical part of the `` Africa rising '' narrative . It focuses the conversation on what Africa needs to be able to transform itself .
Energy on our terms
Julia Corvalan , international development leader at Fundacion Paraguaya
For the developing world , a more important miracle will be for us to be actively involved in the development of clean energies on our own terms and to realize the opportunities that are there for us to take .
For that to happen , we need to harness our capacity for frugality , ingenuity and entrepreneurship that we have seen in other areas of our development , like affordable microloans or mobile money , and put them to use to solve our energy needs .
We must be practical
Jacqueline Muna Musiitwa , lawyer and managing partner , Hoja Law Group
A more practical possibility is affordable access to power for at least eight hours a day in rural and urban areas . For areas that the grid ca n't reach , there would be off-grid solutions .
Business models like M-Kopa Solar , where people can pay for energy by mobile phone , will be replicated and made more efficient . For individuals purchasing solar panels , there will be quality assurance on the goods to ensure the best quality products are imported . Also , people locally would be trained to maintain the solar panels rather than discarding them after a malfunction .
For countries to rise to the middle income and further reduce poverty , manufacturing is key . Manufacturing ca n't happen with high costs and erratic power .
We ca n't do it without better leaders
Utibe Effiong , research scientist at the University of Michigan School of Public Health , primary care physician
What is really needed is good governance — and at this time it looks like we 'll need many miracles for that to happen ! As long as African governments remain corrupt and lack accountability , our vast clean energy resources will either lie untapped , be underutilized or become the cause of new armed conflicts .
It 's the only way to join the club
Todd Moss , chief operating officer and senior fellow at the Center for Global Development
I think Bill Gates is on to a really important issue . Energy is the foundation of modern life : the way we work , live , travel , communicate all requires huge amounts of energy . And energy is critical to job growth and wealth creation . People ca n't work in a factory if it 's 100 degrees . If we do n't want countries to burn a lot more fossil fuels in the future , we 're going to need better technology to create the volume of modern energy that people in aspiring economies require . And wealthy , educated , healthy societies consume large amounts of energy . There are no rich countries that consume a little bit of energy .
Bill Gates said they would do `` anything '' to get the word out about their annual letter — and that includes a viral video that aired on the Tonight show , during which they display an impressive amount of energy . YouTube
There 's nothing wrong with starting small
Esther Ngumbi , food security fellow for The Aspen Institute 's New Voices
I do not think there is a downside to making energy a priority . In fact , I think the other case scenario would be the worst . But the energy miracle does not have to be a BIG miracle . It can start small . It should be affordable . The 1 billion people who lack energy also happen to live on a budget of less than a dollar a day . Therefore , innovators and governments who are working behind the scene to create the energy miracles should ensure that the people who need the miracle the most can afford it . I do not think there is a downside to making energy a priority . In fact , I think the other case scenario would be the worst .
Do no harm
Sasanka Thilakasiri , senior policy adviser for energy and climate , Oxfam America
There are some types of technology that are being made in the name of energy access that do n't actually benefit poor people , like large , centralized plants that in theory , provide domestic energy and revenue , but do n't actually get to the people who need it .
The project must take into account all environmental safeguards to ensure it does n't affect water or air , infringe on land rights , and that it accommodates gender and women 's issues .
Beware of negative consequences
Julie Greene , executive director of Solar Cookers International
Innovation can introduce unwanted consequences . In Punjab in 1995 , well-meaning experts sold tractors to rural farmers so they could transition to modern farming . The farmers borrowed money to buy the tractors . When they could n't pay their debt , the village suicide rate began to climb — a real human tragedy . there are agricultural consequences , too . Tractors compact the soil , creating a need for soil amendments and fossil fuel fertilizes .
The trick is to honestly assess the negative consequences we might introduce along with energy innovation and avoid them . Cheap , clean solar energy offers the fewest negative consequences . It 's highly efficient and available every place sun shines , making it the world 's most democratic , accessible form of energy .
We 'd love to hear from our readers to keep the discussion going : What would an energy miracle be for the developing world ? Tell us in a comment below or tweet it to @ NPRGoatsandSoda with the hashtag # EnergyMiracle .
One of the things that will certainly not happen during the waning days of the Obama administration or even in the next administration is conclusion of an Israeli–Palestinian peace agreement . A new poll , the “ Palestinian-Israeli Pulse : A Joint Poll ” undertaken recently by the Israel Democracy Institute ( IDI ) in Jerusalem and the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research in Ramallah , shows why .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Relentless optimists have long argued that Israel and the Palestinians are an inch apart and , as former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta put it in 2011 , peace can be attained if they would “ just get to the damn table. ” Wrong .
Pollsters asked Palestinians and Israeli Jews if they support a two-state solution . The answer was a weak “ yes : ” Only 53 percent of Israeli Jews and 51 percent of Palestinians even support this in principle . But IDI then got down to brass tacks . A deal would require compromise , so pollsters asked each side about specifics .
Take Jerusalem , for example : Would people accept the division of Jerusalem , under which West Jerusalem would be Israel 's capital and East Jerusalem would be the capital of a new Palestinian state ? Just 30 percent of Palestinians supported such an arrangement and 32 percent of Israeli Jews . Majorities were opposed . Majorities on both sides said sovereignty over the Temple Mount or Haram al-Sharif was critical to them : 55 percent of Israeli Jews said this was a deal-breaker , as did 57 percent of Palestinians ( in other words , a compromise wherein the Jews get the Western Wall and the Palestinians get the Temple Mount is opposed by majorities on both sides . )
Advertisement
Or how about the refugee issue ? Pollsters asked about a compromise where Palestinian refugees would go to Palestine , not Israel , except for 100,000 who could go to Israel under some sort of “ family reunification ” arrangement . Acceptable ? Nope : acceptable to only 17 percent of Israeli Jews and to 49 percent of Palestinians — and to only 43 percent of Palestinians living in the West Bank .
Advertisement
A third key item that makes no one happy is giving Palestine sovereignty over its airspace , land , and water resources but allowing Israel to maintain two early warning stations in the West Bank for 15 years . Israeli Jews found that too much to take , with only 38 percent supporting it , while Palestinians thought it was too little and only 33 percent backed it .
Advertisement
And on other issues , predictably , one side says yes and the other says no . A deal that would mark a final end to the conflict and an end to claims was supported by 64 percent of Israeli Jews , but only 40 percent of Palestinians . Making the new Palestinian state entirely demilitarized gets the backing of 61 percent of Israeli Jews but only 20 percent of Palestinians .
Advertisement
So “ just getting to the damn table ” will not solve the problem , because Israelis and Palestinians are deeply divided on all the major issues . Moreover , majorities simply do n't trust the other side . Eighty-nine percent of Palestinians think Israeli Jews are untrustworthy and the feeling is mutual : 68 percent of Israeli Jews think Palestinians are untrustworthy .
There are two items on which Israeli Jews and Palestinians agree . First , only 43 percent on each side thinks the other side wants peace . Second , 77 percent of the Israelis and 73 percent of Palestinians think chances for a peace deal leading to a Palestinian state in the next five years are low .
Advertisement
There are some other interesting findings . If an Israeli–Palestinian peace deal would include an offer from the EU that Israel could join it , only 12 percent of skeptical Israeli Jews would change their minds and accept the deal . Europe , with its growing Muslim communities and anti-Semitism , today is n't much of a lure . But if a peace deal would mean peace with all the Arab states , 26 percent of Israeli Jews would change their negative view and vote yes .
And here 's a striking finding : 29 percent of Palestinians would change their minds and accept a deal if the new Palestinian state and Jordan became a confederation . It 's interesting that the pollsters included this sensitive question , and remarkable that confederation with Jordan is viewed positively by so many Palestinians . The old Palestinian Authority/PLO leadership in Ramallah does n't want to talk about such a possibility , for many reasons . Their gravy train would end if the Jordanian government ran things . And the idea that every Palestinian heart pines for sovereignty in a separate Palestinian state , which has been the key PLO demand for decades , is obviously undermined by finding that Palestinians may be more pragmatic than their “ leaders ” about what the future may hold .
What it does n't hold is a quick trip back to the table to sign a peace deal . Next year is the 50th anniversary of Israel 's victory in the 1967 war , when it conquered the West Bank and Gaza . People have been saying “ the occupation is unsustainable ” for a half century , but it is n't going to end soon .
Cambridge University 's Centre for Business Research has condemned the ‘ Project Fear ' predictions which the government produced during Britain 's referendum on the European Union ( EU ) as “ very flawed and very partisan ” .
Former Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne had Treasury civil servants produce reports claiming that a vote to leave the European Union would tip the economy into recession , throw half a million people out of work , and usher in an emergency “ punishment budget ” replete with budget cuts and tax rises . These predictions did not come to pass , with gloomy forecasts being torn up across the board shortly after June 23rd .
The Osborne Treasury 's doom-laden reports were controversial even during the referendum . Professor David Blake of the Cass Business School , City University London , blasted the civil servants responsible for “ extraordinary abuse ” of economic modelling , dismissing the documents themselves as “ dodgy dossiers ” worthy of Tony Blair .
The so-called “ punishment budget ” , announced by Osborne alongside Labour grandee Alistair Darling , who led the UK into the financial crash during their own tenure as Chancellor , was similarly panned . BBC interrogator-in-chief Andrew Neil described it as having “ crashed and burned on takeoff ” when MPs from all parties refused to back it , predicting accurately that Osborne would not survive to implement such a budget in the event of a Brexit vote in any case .
Even Nicola Sturgeon , the arch-Europhile leader of the Scottish National Party , felt prompted to warn their then-allies against a “ miserable , scaremongering , fear-based campaign ” which could “ start to insult people 's intelligence and have a negative effect ” .
The Cambridge analysts believe that Brexit could , in fact , halve net migration to 165,000 – well short of the Government 's pledge to bring it below 100,000 , but still a substantial reduction – boosting average earnings by more than 2 per cent per year from 2019 .
They did note that inflation would likely “ be higher than it has been for some years ” , but did not appear to treat this as cause for any undue concern .
“ The big question is will inflation get out of hand and we do n't think it will . ”
No amount of financial regulation can save the banking industry from itself if the people in it are fundamentally greedy and self-interested , Mark Carney told a room full of millionaires Tuesday .
Carney , the Canadian-born former head of the Bank of Canada who 's now heading up the Bank of England , made the remarks at conference in London attended by money managers in charge of $ 30 trillion — a third of the investable money on the planet .
Carney is generally heralded for their flight attendantship of Canadian monetary policy in the lead-up to the global recession of 2008 and afterwards . Their speech to the London audience on Tuesday was at once a recap of all the measures that financial regulators have taken ever since then to rein in the more egregious excesses of the financial world , but also a plea for bankers to recognize that ultimately the global economy is in their hands .
`` Integrity ca n't be bought and it ca n't be regulated , '' Carney said to an audience that included former U.S. president Bill Clinton , IMF head Christine Lagarde and the Prince of Wales .
The global recession that began in 2008 was born out of a financial crisis that preceded it , which was itself caused by international banks suddenly realizing they were invested in murky , shoddy assets , and they did n't have enough actual capital to cover their sudden , mounting losses .
Although co-ordinated international efforts seem to have managed to bring the global economy back from the brink of collapse , there 's a palpable sense among regular people that the financial industry has n't learned from its mistakes — nor did it ever really pay for them .
`` Major banks were too big to fail operating in a privileged 'heads-I-win-tails-you-lose ' bubble , '' said Carney , who also heads up the international Financial Stability Board , in addition to their duties at London 's central bank . `` Bankers made big sums in the run-up , they were well compensated after the hit and taxpayers picked up the tab for the failure . ''
Global crackdown
Carney outlined a number of steps that international regulators have taken to beef up their oversight , including a cap on bonuses in several countries , demands to increase capital ratio reserves , and broad limitations on what types of businesses , exactly , banks are even allowed to meddle in . But ultimately , those who work in the financial industry must know they are responsible for the damage that can be caused by any immoral or illegal actions .
They said the excesses revealed in the downturn exacerbated economic factors such as inequality and GDP growth . But they had a more important `` corrosive '' impact on what they called the `` social fabric '' too .
`` Individual firms must have a sense of their duty to the broader system , '' Carney said in their 20-minute speech , which was followed by a brief question and answer session .
The crux of Carney 's argument has been said before — most frequently by Wall St. critics who note that none of the executives at major banks who lost billions of dollars and started off the crisis have ever been prosecuted for any crimes .
But Tuesday 's event was unique in that it was one of the first time the financial world was voluntarily meeting to acknowledge the fact that their actions can have drastic if unintended consequences .
`` Finance has to be trusted , '' Carney said . `` There needs to be a sense of society . ''
After an exhaustive study that almost ended with the team 's sanity , we managed to rescue a series of games that were part of the folklore of the dark city of Innsmouth , on the Essex County coast . The aim of this project is to recover the lost games of Innsmouth for collectors :
Spanish deck ♦ French deck ( poker ) ♦ `` The Cult '' dice game
The playing cards have been created since ancient times , covering multiple cultures and adapting to each of them by centuries . Among the most common cards that have survived to date are the french variants , with four suits of 13 cards , and the spanish , with four suits of 12 cards .
Recently the variants used in the enclosed village of Innsmouth have been found , which in this case did not represent kings , knights , church or peasantry , but the folklore of their own people , tied to the dark cults and creatures of the sea .
Cthulhu in the moon card 12
Cultists , Deep Ones and different beings adored by the esoteric Order of Dagon were the most used icons in Innsmouth , and now we recover them in these two editions whose forms come from the French and Spanish playing cards .
Innsmouth cards from the spanish style
From the Spanish cards , originally composed by oros ( gold ) , copas ( cups ) , espadas ( swords ) and bastos ( clubs ) comes a magnificent edition where the symbols were adapted in their time to Moon , Blood , Eyes and Talon , evoking the nocturnal rites , sacrifices and creatures of Innsmouth . The four suits are completed with Cultists ( 10s ) , Deep Ones ( 11s ) , and beings adored by the Order such as Cthulhu , Dagon , Hydra and Ghatanothoa ( 12s ) , in addition to the magnificent comodines ( wild cards ) dedicated to Abdul Al-Hazred .
back and front ( wild card , Abdul Alhazred ) , spanish deck
This has been one of the decks most used by Innsmouth hybrids for decades . The spanish cards are bigger than the french ones , the size of this deck is 63x94mm ( 2.48 '' x 3.70 '' ) .
From the French cards also derived Innsmouth 's own decks . These cards show that they preserved the popular hearts , spades , diamonds and clubs suits , more widespread among the local population by visitors from nearby villages such as Ipswich , although they dedicated the court cards to Cultists , Flying monsters and beloved monsters .
This deck is also divided into day and night sections , as can be seen in the original designs .
Innsmouth poker card
Both decks are part of the Lovecraft Playing Cards collection , limited edition .
The poker deck from Innsmouth , back & front cards
A well known game in Innsmouth 's taverns and homes was `` The Cult ” . This is an agile dice game where players must complete the cult by placing the leader cultist in the temple to invoke the great Cthulhu .
dice and board details
The cult usually lasted 10 minutes , as it used to be played before approaching the coast at dusk . We played with 3 dice of symbols : the moon to represent the night , the talon that represented the favor of the Deep Ones , the Eye that allowed us to see beyond our dimension and the Blood of sacrifices .
game parts ; place the cult leader to win the game
We will roll 3 dice in each turn , and we 'll try to gain a series of abilities that will make it easier for us to place our cultists on the board . The first player to place the cultist leader will be the winner of the game .
Deluxe edition with cultists ( unpainted ) and Cthulhu
The cult is very easy to carry anywhere as the board is traditionally formed with two giant cards ( 3.5 '' x 5.75 '' each ) , and all the components fit into a comfortable carrying bag , practical to play on the shores of Cape Ann as you watch the arrival of the Deep Ones .
The game is available in a basic edition but also in the collector 's edition of the village , which includes figures of the cultists and the great Cthulhu .
The Cult details , Deep Ones counter and Cthulhu
These minis can also be used in different games such as pawns , scoreboards etc . as Innsmouth citizens usually did , as well as to collect and keep the cult alive between generations .
The cult is a 10 minutes game for 2 players ( we are also working on a solo mode ) .
Place the cult leader to invoke Cthulhu and win the game !
The lying cultist is 0.39 '' /10mm high and 1.19 '' /30mm long , while the leader is 1.57 '' /40mm high . The original set comes unpainted and is made of resin .
size comparision
The Cthulhu model is 3.22 '' /82mm tall and 1.96 '' /50mm wide , you can get it without painting or in the Glow in the dark model that caused so much furor in Innsmouth .
Can I play without minis ?
Sure , the game comes complete on the basic set , you will use basic counters to place the cultists and to move the eye abilities in the Necronomicon potion , instead of using Cthulhu . But it 's obviously better to play with the miniatures ! You will place `` real '' cultists in their positions praying to Cthulhu , and you will move Cthulhu when you use the eye dice : Cthulhu will be pointing to the ability that you can get in that moment !
the Eye dice will change the position of Cthulhu and the ability you can get then
You can also use these minis in other games too , and you can collect them , the design is really amazing !
You can upgrade your rewards easily adding some amount to your reward ( choose your reward , then edit the total amount ) .
Add +12€ for each extra french ( poker ) deck +3€ for the extra shipping cost , total +15€ .
Add +15€ for each extra spanish deck +3€ for the extra shipping cost , total +18€ .
Add +10€ to UPGRADE your Cthulhu set reward to GITD model ( glow in the dark ) .
Add +16€ for each extra cultist set you want ( only for Deluxe or Cthulhu set rewards ) .
or rewards ) . Add +18€ for each extra Cthulhu figurine you want ( only for Cthulhu set reward ) .
reward ) . Add +27€ for each extra Cthulhu GITD figurine you want ( only for Cthulhu set reward ) .
reward ) . Add +35€ to get all your cultists minis hand-painted ( same colors/style you can see on the photos ) .
special Glow in the Dark Cthulhu model
All the pledges are available for international shipping , please choose your reward to check the cost for your country . Real shipping cost is partly subsidized .
You can help a lot by sharing this project on Facebook , Twitter or any other social media . You can also proudly show your badge on your Kickstarter profile :
We have been creating special products for fans of Lovecraft 's work for five years , usually financed through Kickstarter . You can rest assured that we know every step of the process and take the appropriate safeguards to prevent any of the hitches and delays which can sometimes arise in crowdfunding campaigns .
Please do not hesitate to reach out to us through Messages on Kickstarter , Facebook page or Twitter ( @ cthulhu_project ) .
All this project has been developed with the amazing art of Robert Altbauer , like our previous project Cthulhu Crusades . Robert Altbauer is also known for their fantastical maps !
Credits
Game Design & Product concept : Alberto Cano
Art : Robert Albauer
Production : Cthulhu Project
Cthulhu sculpt : Jose D. Flores
Cultists sculpt : Norba
Contact us if you are interested in licensing or distribution opportunities .
Paul 's campaign video appeared to violate Senate rules . ( Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call )
Paul 's campaign video appeared to violate Senate rules . ( Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call ) A Democratic watchdog group known as the American Democracy Legal Fund filed a complaint with the Senate Ethics Committee Wednesday regarding one of Sen. Rand Paul 's recent presidential campaign videos , which appeared to violate Senate rules . `` Senator Paul blatantly used an official government television broadcast from the floor of the Senate as the basis for an advertisement for their bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 , '' Brad Woodhouse , a Democratic operative who runs the group , wrote in their letter to the committee . `` This duplication of a Senate broadcast was in no way related to the business of the Senate or Senator Paul 's official duties . '' Woodhouse , a former communications director for the Democratic National Committee , asked that the Ethics Committee launch a `` preliminary inquiry '' into the Kentucky Republican 's campaign video . The video in question was posted on the Paul campaign 's YouTube account on May 29 and used video footage and audio from Paul 's May 20 Senate speech about government surveillance . The video apparently violated the Senate rule that prohibits the use of footage of Senate proceedings for campaign purposes . At the request of the Senate Rules and Administration Committee , Paul 's campaign removed the video from the site on June 1 . According to the Senate Ethics rules of procedure , a preliminary inquiry involves determining `` whether there is substantial credible evidence which provides substantial cause for the Committee to conclude that a violation within the jurisdiction of the Committee has occurred . '' The Senate Ethics Committee did not return a request for comment on the complaint , but the issue highlights a challenge for the five senators running for president : abiding by Senate rules while campaigning . Related : Rand Paul Campaign Video Taken Down ( Video ) Rand Paul Campaign Video Appears to Violate Senate Rules ( Video ) As Campaigns Heat Up , Candidates Mind Senate Rules See photos , follies , HOH Hits and Misses and more at Roll Call 's new video site . Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call in your inbox or on your iPhone .
Your first name
Hollywood was not happy with how Lester Holt moderated the debate , with most feeling they were too easy on Donald Trump .
“ Why is Lester Holt not moderating this , ” Rita Wilson tweeted during the presidential debate between Trump and Hillary Clinton Monday night . And the 59-year-old actor was not alone as Twitter was full of celebrities who complained about the NBC anchor not taking control of the Republican presidential nominee . ( RELATED : Michael Moore Says Trump ‘ Won ' The Debate )
Why is Lester Holt not moderating this ? # debates — Rita Wilson ( @ RitaWilson ) September 27 , 2016
Lester Holt Take control ! # debates — Rita Wilson ( @ RitaWilson ) September 27 , 2016
“ Someone should check on Lester Holt , ” Chelsea Handler tweeted . ( RELATED : ‘ The Terminator ' Director Calls Trump A ‘ Madman ' On The Climate )
Someone should check on Lester Holt . # Debates — Chelsea Handler ( @ chelseahandler ) September 27 , 2016
Lester needs to control this . This is not debate . # debates — kelly oxford ( @ kellyoxford ) September 27 , 2016
Is @ LesterHoltNBC simply going to allow the blowhard to speak over their opponent anytime they like ? Potted plant it is , I suppose . — Beau Willimon ( @ BeauWillimon ) September 27 , 2016
Is anyone measuring time allotted ? @ LesterHoltNBC is doing nothing to manage interruptions or provide equal time . # debatenight — Beau Willimon ( @ BeauWillimon ) September 27 , 2016
Hey @ LesterHoltNBC , let my daughter show you what you should be doing right now : pic.twitter.com/omPADafCYf — Patton Oswalt ( @ pattonoswalt ) September 27 , 2016
“ Hey Lester you a ref man , ” Leslie Jones tweeted . “ He not supposes to interrupt ! Foul ! Where the yellow flag blow a whistle ! !
Hey Lester you a ref man ! They not suppose to interrupt ! Foul ! Where the yellow flag blow a whistle ! ! pic.twitter.com/rxsPMyjLoe — Leslie Jones ( @ Lesdoggg ) September 27 , 2016
“ Lester , ” Jones added . “ Please . Cut . Him . Off . Wtf . ”
Lester . Please . Cut . Him . Off . Wtf . — Leslie Jones ( @ Lesdoggg ) September 27 , 2016
Lester . Why are you letting them cut you off ? ! Muthafucka I said time up ! ! And Hilary just dragged you . — Leslie Jones ( @ Lesdoggg ) September 27 , 2016
MORE ON THE HAMAS-ISRAEL CONNECTION
A UPI article by Richard Sale offers more on the connection between Israel and the Hamas organization .
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon , speaking of the Islamic Resistance Movement Hamas recently described it as “ the deadliest terrorist group that we have ever had to face. ” Active in Gaza and the West Bank Hamas wants to liberate all of Palestine and establish a radical Islamic state in place of Israel . It has gained notoriety with its assassinations , car bombs and other acts of terrorism .
But Sharon had left something out .
Israel and Hamas may currently be locked in deadly combat , but , according to several current and former U.S. intelligence officials , beginning in the late 1970s , Tel Aviv gave direct and indirect financial aid to Hamas over a period of years .
Israel “ aided Hamas directly — the Israelis wanted to use it as a counterbalance to the PLO , ” said Tony Cordesman , Middle East analyst for the Center for Strategic Studies .
Israel 's support for Hamas “ was a direct attempt to divide and dilute support for a strong , secular PLO by using a competing religious alternative , ” said a former senior CIA official .
According to documents obtained from the Israel-based Institute for Counterterrorism ( ICT ) by UPI , Hamas evolved from cells of the Muslim Brotherhood , founded in Egypt in 1928 . Islamic movements in Israel and Palestine were “ weak and dormant ” until after the 1967 Six Day War in which Israel scored a stunning victory over its Arab enemies .
After 1967 , a great part of the success of the Hamas/Muslim Brotherhood was due to their activities among the refugees of the Gaza Strip . The cornerstone of the Islamic movements success was an impressive social , religious , educational and cultural infrastructure , called Da'wah , that worked to ease the hardship of large numbers of Palestinian refugees , confined to camps , and many of whom were living on the edge .
“ Social influence grew into political influence , ” first in the Gaza Strip , then on the West Bank , said an administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity .
According to ICT papers , Hamas was legally registered in Israel in 1978 by Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the movements spiritual leader , as an Islamic Association by the name Al-Mujamma Al Islami , which widened its base of supporters and sympathizers by religious propaganda and social work .
Funds for the movement came from the oil-producing states and directly and indirectly from Israel , according to U.S. intelligence officials . The PLO was secular and leftist and promoted Palestinian nationalism . Hamas wanted to set up a transnational state under the rule of Islam , much like Khomeini 's Iran .
What took Israeli leaders by surprise was the way the Islamic movements began to surge after the Iranian revolution , after armed resistance to Israel sprang up in southern Lebanon organized by an Iran-backed movement called Hezbollah that bore similitaries to Hamas , these sources said .
“ Nothing stirs up the energy for imitation as much as success , ” commented one administration expert .
A further factor of Hamas ' growth was the fact the PLO moved its base of operations to Beirut in the 1980s , leaving the Islamic movements to strengthen their influence in the Occupied Territories “ as the court of last resort , ” they said .
When the intifada began , the Israeli leadership was further surprised when Islamic groups began to surge in membership and strength . Hamas immediately grew in numbers and violence . The group had always embraced the doctrine of armed struggle , but the doctrine had not been practiced and Islamic groups had not been subjected to suppression the way groups like Fatah had been , according to U.S. government officials .
But with the triumph of the Khomeini revolution in Iran , with the birth of Iranian-backed Hezbollah terrorism in Lebanon , Hamas began to gain strength in Gaza and then in the West Bank , relying on terror to resist the Israeli occupation .
Israel was certainly funding the group at that time . One US intelligence source who asked not to be named , said that not only was Hamas being funded as a “ counterweight ” to the PLO , Israeli aid had a more devious purpose : “ to help identify and channel towards Israeli agents Hamas members who were dangerous terrorists . ”
In addition , by infiltrating Hamas , Israeli informers could listen to debates on policy and identify Hamas members who “ were dangerous hardliners , ” the official said .
In the end , as Hamas set up a very comprehensive counterintelligence system , many collaborators with Israel were weeded out and shot . Violent acts of terrorism became the central tenet , and Hamas , unlike the PLO , was unwilling to compromise in any way with Israel , refusing to acknowledge its very existence .
Even then , some in Israel saw some benefits to be had in trying to continue to give Hamas support : “ The thinking on the part of some of the right-wing Israeli establishment was that Hamas and the other groups , if they gained control , would refuse to have anything to do with the pace process and would torpedo any agreements put in place , ” said a U.S. government official .
“ Israel would still be the only democracy in the region for the United States to deal with , ” they said . All of which is viewed with disapproval by some former U.S. intelligence officials .
“ The thing wrong with so many Israeli operations is that they try to be too sexy , ” said former CIA official Vincent Cannestraro . Former State Department counter-terrorism official Larry Johnson told UPI : “ The Israelis are their own worst enemies when it comes to fighting terrorism . They are like a guy who sets fire to their hair and then tries to put it out by hitting it with a hammer.They do more to incite and sustain terrorism than curb it . ”
Aid to Hamas may have looked clever , “ but it was hardly designed to help smooth the waters , ” they said . “ It gives weight to President George W Bush 's remark about there being a crisis in education . ”
Cordesman said that a similar attempt by Egyptian intelligence to fund Egypt 's fundamentalists had also come to grief because of overcomplication .
An Israeli Embassy defense official , asked if Israel had given aid to Hamas replied : “ I am not able to answer that question . I was in Lebanon commanding a unit at the time , besides it is not my field of interest . ”
Asked to confirm a report by U.S. officials that Brigadier General Yithaq Segev , the military governor of Gaza , had told U.S. officials that they had helped fund “ Islamic movements as a counterweight to the PLO and communists , ” the Israeli official said they could confirm only that they believed that Segev had served back in 1986 .
http : //www.dn.se/DNet/jsp/polopoly.jsp ? d=3561 & a=868790
http : //www.dn.se/DNet/jsp/polopoly.jsp ? d=3561 & a=868790
Advertisements
Big-ass flying boats full of water save LA from fiery doom !
A ginormous amphibious air tanker called the Martin Mars just made a massive water drop over Mount Wilson , the hill northeast of Los Angeles where the century-old Mount Wilson Observatory and nearby TV , radio and cell phone towers are all located . The World War II-era flying boat literally water-bombed the peak today to douse flames from the Station Fire , which has burned 127,000 acres ( the largest in LA County history ) .
Here 's an LA Times pic of this bad boy in action over Mt . Wilson . Snip from the accompanying story :
Los Angeles County Fire Department Battalion Chief Steve Martin said , `` We are going to burn , cut , foam and gel . And if that does n't work , we 're going to pray . This place is worth a lot , but it 's not worth dying for. `` In a worst-case scenario , firefighters were expected to retreat to the safety of the observatory parking lot or seek refuge in the concrete and steel basement of the 105-year-old , 100-inch telescope observatory . A Martin Mars air tanker , also known as a Super Scooper , dropped 7,500 gallons of water on Mt . Wilson .
In previous BB posts about the LA fires , I mentioned these giant 747s that have also been spurting water from the sky , to extinguish the blaze . Wired has a nice photo gallery of those guys in action here . And Popular Science has some interior shots of the 747s . Spoiler : they are friggin huge inside .
The managers of the observatory are now very optimistic that the historic site will make it okay .
Below : Astronomer Mike Brown has been tweeting while the area around the Mt . Wilson Observatory burns , and they spotted the WWII flying boat in action .
Tomorrow 's “ it ” crowd is n't big in reality TV or pop music , they 're literally an IT crowd : professional gamers topping the rankings in global eSports battles .
eSports is the name given to online videogame competitions , where players battle it out for cash and prestige , watched by millions of adoring fans .
The industry has been around since the Nineties , but exploded in the past year because of services such as Twitch , recently purchased by Amazon for close to $ 1bn ( £648m ) , which allows eSports addicts to stream video of live bouts and comment on game play .
The upcoming World of Warcraft film , which is scheduled for release in 2016 , is also set to generate a storm of eSports publicity .
The biggest titles in eSports are Dota 2 , Counter-Strike : GO , Call of Duty , StarCraft II and Hearthstone , and there are 5.5m eSports fanatics in the UK alone .
In the UK , Gfinity has become the hottest platform for gamers looking to compete in or watch eSports matches . It is adding 30,000 new subscribers each month and is about to build the UK 's first eSports stadium in west London , in the hopes that the capital will become a global centre for the sport .
“ We 're going to build an arena that can hold 600 people , ” says Neville Upton , Gfinity 's founder and boss . “ We 'll expand that capacity to thousands in 2016 . ''
The company has now signed a deal with cinema operator Vue to transform its Fulham Broadway multiplex into a dedicated eSports venue , to be named the Gfinity Arena .
The Gfinity Arena is scheduled to open in March for the start of the 2015 Gfinity Championships and will comprise 25 events culminating in September 2015 .
Live tournaments will be hosted every weekend and on selected weekday evenings and all will be streamed live on the Gfinity website .
Gfinity will rent the space from Vue , and there is a profit sharing agreement in place . The total value of the commitment is around £350,000 for the period .
Gfinity has just won a deal with Activision to exclusively host the Call of Duty : Advanced Warfare European Championships - one of the biggest events in the eSports calendar .
A competitor celebrates victory during the 2013 Call of Duty Championships
Gfinity created quite a stir in the City in December when it raised £3.5m through an oversubscribed IPO . Since , then , the Aim-listed firm 's market cap has risen from £13.2m to £15m . However , Upton admits that most people in the City still have no idea what the company does .
“ It 's bizarre , ” says Upton . “ eSports is this massive movement , a cultural revolution , but it has n't been looked at by the City yet .
“ Once we 've built a platform where gamers love playing and spectators love watching , the money will come . ”
There are no equity analysts publicly commenting on Gfinity at the moment , but a private note from Gfinity 's nomad Arden Research , which was only sent to its own database , says : `` While the Activison deal helps to cement Gfinity 's leading position in European eSports , the growth in Twitch users , viewers and venues is also encouraging news for investors . ''
In the sports world , however , Gfinity is already making a name for itself . Its listing attracted investors such as Saracens Rugby Club owner Nigel Wray , who now owns 15pc of the start-up , and former England rugby captain Lawrence Dallaglio , who has a 1pc stake .
Upton first heard about the nascent industry while running the Listening Company , the customer service business they sold to Serco in 2011 for £55m . “ I had 4,000 employees at that company and most of them were under 25 , ” they say . “ I 'd have a beer with them on Friday and they would tell me about their plans to play videogame competitions all weekend . About 50pc of them were into it . This piqued my interest . ”
Anyone with access to a smartphone , tablet or computer can play eSports . “ It 's very accessible , you do n't have to get a train and go anywhere or ask your parents for a lift , you can play from home , ” says Upton . “ It 's just another form of entertainment . ”
On whether it 's healthy for all these people to spend hours in front of their screens , they say : “ Our research shows it eats into TV time , not sport time . ”
Gfinity boss Neville Upton
The industry relies heavily on sponsorship to survive and Gfinity 's model is no different , although it does charge $ 20 a year for premium access . “ We 're talking to big brands who want to reach 16 to 30-year-olds , which is our main demographic , ” they say . “ We 're also looking to do deals with broadcasters . ”
According to Alexander Davis , from the advertising agency FCB Inferno , eSports could become as big as the Premier League for sponsors . `` eSports has become an attractive prospect for brands wanting a piece of the action and already huge brands like Coca-Cola have taken notice and are getting involved , '' they say .
A raft of start-ups have sprung up to cater to the eSports audience . US firm TheScore launched an Android app last week , which allows users to access breaking news , video highlights and streams from eSports providers .
At the same time , Billy Woodford , founder of No Copyright Sounds ( NCS ) has seen exponential growth in the number of gamers accessing their music library to add beats to their gaming tutorial videos on YouTube .
`` I would say gamers make up 85pc of the NCS following , most commonly from the Minecraft community , '' Woodford says . NCS generates revenue from ads placed on its YouTube videos and Spotify .
`` Our tracks have surpassed millions of views due to famous gamers using the music in their content , '' they add .
San Francisco start-up Vulcun launched its fantasy League of Legends ( LoL ) platform four weeks ago . Co-founder Ali Moiz says that the business is growing its user base by 20pc to 30pc each week , with users paying up to $ 250 to take part .
According to Moiz , 2015 is `` the year for eSports '' . `` Numbers across the industry are surging , especially in terms of revenues and sponsor involvement , '' they say . `` Pro players are now routinely getting six-figure salaries , with the highest earning more than $ 1m . ''
Jiao “ Banana ” Wang , reportedly the highest paid star in eSports , has made $ 1.2m over 38 matches playing Dota , through sponsorship and prize money .
eSports platforms are offering larger and larger prize pots to attract top gamers . Vulcun 's Moiz is offering a prize pot of $ 1m to the winning LoL team .
With the inflated prize pots come scandals : over the past year , several teams and players have been disqualified from eSports for match-fixing or using third-party software to cheat .
Earlier this month , one eSports personality even made the news for threatening to have a player 's mother evicted from their house . They had signed a sponsorship contract on behalf of their son , who was threatening to leave an eSports team .
In recent years , videogames have been criticised for their violent content . Upton claims that it is actually fantasy games , not bloodthirsty combat , that is proving most popular in eSports . `` Fifa is n't a violent game , nor is Heartstone , '' they say . These are strategy games , fantasy games . There 's a lot more violence on TV .
`` If I had the choice between my child playing Fifa or watching something like Eastenders , I 'd choose Fifa . ''
Gfinity 's last tournament attracted 4,000 spectators
Gfinity currently runs eSports for eight titles but the company employs a team of gamers to look for new additions to the roster . `` They should pay me to work here , '' says Upton . `` It 's the best job in the world for them ; they play games all day long . ''
The life of a professional gamer is not easy . Mark “ MarkyB ” Bryceland , who plays for Call of Duty team Millennium , says : “ I usually train for around five hours on a regular gaming day , on weekends around eight hours a day . Before events we tend to go hardcore and put in the most amount of time and that can even be up to 12 hours a day . ”
MarkyB and hundreds of other gamers will descend on London 's Covent Garden later this month to take part in the European qualifying leg of the Call of Duty Championships . The winners will be flown out to Los Angeles to compete in the global battle .
`` At first my friends and family were apprehensive [ about my career choice ] , '' says MarkyB . `` It 's still very unique in Britain to be a professional gamer . But now , after seeing how much I get paid to travel and the successes I have had bringing home prize money , they seem to be a little more supportive . ''
According to Upton , top eSports gamers are the new rock stars . Players with names like Parasite , NadeShot and Crimsix may still unknown to the man on the street , but they are legends to eSports fans .
“ These players get mobbed when they go out , ” they say . They get stopped for autographs and we have to smuggle them in through the back door at events . ”
Within 10 years , an eSports gamer will win a sports personality of the year award , Upton claims . “ It will be mainstream , ” they say . “ There 'll be an eSports section in the Telegraph and an eSports Match of The Day . ”
Robert Mueller ( cnn.com )
Robert Mueller , the former FBI director who 's now serving as the special counsel in the probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election , has put together a team of experienced prosecutors — including some who have experience going after organized crime .
Politico has talked with some veteran prosecutors who say that Mueller “ has assembled a potent team with backgrounds handling everyone from politicians to mobsters and who know how to work potential witnesses if it helps them land bigger fish . ”
Included on Mueller 's team are longtime law firm partner James Quarles , who got their start in Washington as an assistant prosecutor in the Watergate scandal ; Andrew Weissmann , the head of the Justice Department 's criminal fraud unit , who is best known for their work in prosecuting the Enron accounting scandal and for trying dozens of cases related to the notorious Genovese and Gambino crime families ; and Jeannie Rhee , who previously worked at the Department of Justice while advising the White House and the attorney general on executive power and national-security issues .
“ The more familiar you are with the important , hard cases that have come before you , the better you are at assessing the one in front of you , ” explained Samuel Buell , an ex-federal prosecutor who helped Weissmann prosecute Enron executives . “ In a matter of this importance— it 's going to have an almost unprecedented level of outside scrutiny for anything they do — it 's critical that Mueller would be prizing that kind of gray-beard energy . ”
In the previous post we saw how to build a simple Core Data application . Also if you have n't completed the previous post I would suggest you to look at them before continuing .
In this post we will provide users to add inventory and display all the existing inventory . Also the user will be able to scan the barcode and get necessary detail about that product .
The datamodel for the product will look like below .
Most of the data in the CoreDataStack is boilerplate code and is automatically generated . The most important function in our case is insertInventory which creates an entity in the managed object context and store it in the core data stack .
// // CoreDataStack.swift // SimplyBarcode // // Created by Shrikar Archak on 2/8/15 . // Copyright ( c ) 2015 Shrikar Archak . All rights reserved . // import Foundation import CoreData class CoreDataStack { lazy var applicationDocumentsDirectory : NSURL = { // The directory the application uses to store the Core Data store file . This code uses a directory named `` com.shrikar.SimplyBarcode '' in the application 's documents Application Support directory . let urls = NSFileManager.defaultManager ( ) .URLsForDirectory ( .DocumentDirectory , inDomains : .UserDomainMask ) return urls [ urls.count-1 ] as NSURL } ( ) lazy var managedObjectModel : NSManagedObjectModel = { // The managed object model for the application . This property is not optional . It is a fatal error for the application not to be able to find and load its model . let modelURL = NSBundle.mainBundle ( ) .URLForResource ( `` SimplyBarcode '' , withExtension : `` momd '' ) ! return NSManagedObjectModel ( contentsOfURL : modelURL ) ! } ( ) lazy var persistentStoreCoordinator : NSPersistentStoreCoordinator ? = { // The persistent store coordinator for the application . This implementation creates and return a coordinator , having added the store for the application to it . This property is optional since there are legitimate error conditions that could cause the creation of the store to fail . // Create the coordinator and store var coordinator : NSPersistentStoreCoordinator ? = NSPersistentStoreCoordinator ( managedObjectModel : self.managedObjectModel ) let url = self.applicationDocumentsDirectory.URLByAppendingPathComponent ( `` SimplyBarcode.sqlite '' ) var error : NSError ? = nil var failureReason = `` There was an error creating or loading the application 's saved data . '' if coordinator ! .addPersistentStoreWithType ( NSSQLiteStoreType , configuration : nil , URL : url , options : nil , error : & error ) == nil { coordinator = nil // Report any error we got . let dict = NSMutableDictionary ( ) dict [ NSLocalizedDescriptionKey ] = `` Failed to initialize the application 's saved data '' dict [ NSLocalizedFailureReasonErrorKey ] = failureReason dict [ NSUnderlyingErrorKey ] = error error = NSError ( domain : `` YOUR_ERROR_DOMAIN '' , code : 9999 , userInfo : dict ) // Replace this with code to handle the error appropriately . // abort ( ) causes the application to generate a crash log and terminate . You should not use this function in a shipping application , although it may be useful during development . NSLog ( `` Unresolved error \ ( error ) , \ ( error ! .userInfo ) '' ) abort ( ) } return coordinator } ( ) func insertInventory ( productName : String , supplierName : String , quantity : Int , cost : Double , barcodeString : String , barcode : NSData ) { let record = NSEntityDescription.insertNewObjectForEntityForName ( `` Product '' , inManagedObjectContext : self.managedObjectContext ! ) as Product record.productName = productName record.supplierName = supplierName record.quantity = quantity record.cost = cost record.barcodeString = barcodeString record.barcode = barcode saveContext ( ) } lazy var managedObjectContext : NSManagedObjectContext ? = { // Returns the managed object context for the application ( which is already bound to the persistent store coordinator for the application . ) This property is optional since there are legitimate error conditions that could cause the creation of the context to fail . let coordinator = self.persistentStoreCoordinator if coordinator == nil { return nil } var managedObjectContext = NSManagedObjectContext ( ) managedObjectContext.persistentStoreCoordinator = coordinator return managedObjectContext } ( ) // MARK : - Core Data Saving support func saveContext ( ) { if let moc = self.managedObjectContext { var error : NSError ? = nil if moc.hasChanges & & ! moc.save ( & error ) { // Replace this implementation with code to handle the error appropriately . // abort ( ) causes the application to generate a crash log and terminate . You should not use this function in a shipping application , although it may be useful during development . NSLog ( `` Unresolved error \ ( error ) , \ ( error ! .userInfo ) '' ) abort ( ) } } } }
Lets go ahead and customize the table view controller which will display all the inventory . To get started customize and add UILabel to make the cell designed like below .
Create a new TableViewCell.Swift class which subclasses UITableViewCell .
import UIKit class TableViewCell : UITableViewCell { @ IBOutlet weak var quantity : UILabel ! @ IBOutlet weak var cost : UILabel ! @ IBOutlet weak var supplierName : UILabel ! @ IBOutlet weak var productName : UILabel ! override func awakeFromNib ( ) { super.awakeFromNib ( ) } override func setSelected ( selected : Bool , animated : Bool ) { super.setSelected ( selected , animated : animated ) } }
We will be using pod 'RSBarcodes ' , '~ > 0.1 ' to create barcode in barcode 128 formats .
Lets create a new file which subclasses UIViewController and call it AddInventoryViewController . Also drag a UIViewController onto the Storyboard and setup the text fields for product name , supplier etc . Also drag the tap gesture recognizer from the object library onto the viewController and create a IBAction to handle tap event .
We will use the name from the textfield to create the barcode and set it as the barcode image .
import UIKit class AddInventoryViewController : UIViewController { @ IBOutlet weak var productName : UITextField ! @ IBOutlet weak var supplierName : UITextField ! @ IBOutlet weak var quantity : UITextField ! @ IBOutlet weak var cost : UITextField ! @ IBOutlet weak var barcodeImageView : UIImageView ! override func viewDidLoad ( ) { super.viewDidLoad ( ) // Do any additional setup after loading the view . } override func didReceiveMemoryWarning ( ) { super.didReceiveMemoryWarning ( ) // Dispose of any resources that can be recreated . } @ IBAction func tapped ( sender : AnyObject ) { self.productName.resignFirstResponder ( ) self.supplierName.resignFirstResponder ( ) self.quantity.resignFirstResponder ( ) } @ IBAction func previewBarcode ( sender : AnyObject ) { let data = RSUnifiedCodeGenerator ( ) .genCodeWithContents ( productName.text , machineReadableCodeObjectType : AVMetadataObjectTypeCode128Code ) self.barcodeImageView.image = data } @ IBAction func cancelPressed ( sender : AnyObject ) { self.dismissViewControllerAnimated ( true , completion : nil ) } @ IBAction func savePressed ( sender : AnyObject ) { let data = UIImageJPEGRepresentation ( self.barcodeImageView.image , 0.90 ) coreDataStack.insertInventory ( self.productName.text ! , supplierName : self.supplierName.text ! , quantity : self.quantity.text.toInt ( ) ! , cost : ( self.cost.text as NSString ) .doubleValue , barcodeString : self.productName.text ! , barcode : data ) self.dismissViewControllerAnimated ( true , completion : nil ) } }
If you have followed along this is how the final storyboard should look like .
Finally once you have added the functionality to create a new entry lets go ahead and implement the listing functionality . There is nothing fancy in the viewcontroller . It uses the NSFetchedResultsController which integrates very well with table view . Create the NSFetchRequest and NSFetchedResultsController and provide the data returned by NSFetchedResultsController in the cellForRowAtIndexPath and numberOfRowsInSection methods .
// // InventoryViewController.swift // SimplyBarcode // // Created by Shrikar Archak on 2/8/15 . // Copyright ( c ) 2015 Shrikar Archak . All rights reserved . // import UIKit import CoreData let coreDataStack = CoreDataStack ( ) class InventoryViewController : UITableViewController , NSFetchedResultsControllerDelegate { var fetchedResultsController : NSFetchedResultsController { if _fetchedResultsController ! = nil { return _fetchedResultsController ! } let fRequest = fetchRequest ( ) let aFetchedResultsController = NSFetchedResultsController ( fetchRequest : fRequest , managedObjectContext : coreDataStack.managedObjectContext ! , sectionNameKeyPath : nil , cacheName : nil ) aFetchedResultsController.delegate = self _fetchedResultsController = aFetchedResultsController var error : NSError ? = nil if ! _fetchedResultsController ! .performFetch ( & error ) { } return _fetchedResultsController ! } var _fetchedResultsController : NSFetchedResultsController ? = nil func fetchRequest ( ) - > NSFetchRequest { let fetchRequest = NSFetchRequest ( entityName : `` Product '' ) // Set the batch size to a suitable number . fetchRequest.fetchBatchSize = 20 // Edit the sort key as appropriate . let sortDescriptor = NSSortDescriptor ( key : `` supplierName '' , ascending : false ) fetchRequest.sortDescriptors = [ sortDescriptor ] return fetchRequest } override func viewDidLoad ( ) { super.viewDidLoad ( ) fetchedResultsController.performFetch ( nil ) } func controllerDidChangeContent ( controller : NSFetchedResultsController ) { self.tableView.reloadData ( ) } override func didReceiveMemoryWarning ( ) { super.didReceiveMemoryWarning ( ) // Dispose of any resources that can be recreated . } // MARK : - Table view data source override func numberOfSectionsInTableView ( tableView : UITableView ) - > Int { return 1 } override func tableView ( tableView : UITableView , numberOfRowsInSection section : Int ) - > Int { let products = self.fetchedResultsController.fetchedObjects as [ Product ] return products.count } override func tableView ( tableView : UITableView , cellForRowAtIndexPath indexPath : NSIndexPath ) - > UITableViewCell { let cell = tableView.dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifier ( `` Cell '' , forIndexPath : indexPath ) as TableViewCell let product = self.fetchedResultsController.objectAtIndexPath ( indexPath ) as Product cell.productName.text = product.productName cell.supplierName.text = product.supplierName cell.cost.text = `` $ \ ( product.cost ) '' cell.quantity.text = `` \ ( product.quantity ) '' println ( product.cost ) return cell } }
Github Repo
At this point you should be able to create new products in the inventory and use the scanner to get details about that product .
Just when it seemed like Trump 's weekend could n't get worse , the business mogul turned presidential hopeful started talking about Ukraine -- and just would n't stop .
This weekend , it briefly seemed like Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump had redefined the meaning of bad press after members of their own party rushed to disown the insults they leveled at the Muslim parents of fallen U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan , who died protecting hundreds of American troops in Iraq in 2004 .
But just when it seemed like Trump 's weekend could n't get worse , the business mogul turned presidential hopeful started talking about Ukraine — and just would n't stop .
In a Sunday interview with George Stephanopoulos on ABC News “ This Week , ” Trump tried to wiggle their way out of questions about Russian involvement in Ukraine by saying that Russian President Vladimir Putin “ is not going into Ukraine ” — even though it 's widely understood that Russian troops moved into the Crimean peninsula and eastern Ukraine in 2014 .
“ Well , he 's already there , is n't he ? ” Stephanopoulos asked back .
“ OK , well , he 's there in a certain way , but I 'm not there yet , ” Trump said , before insisting “ that whole part of the world is a mess under Obama ” and claiming that those living on the Crimea peninsula , which Russia illegally annexed from Ukraine in 2014 , might actually be happier under Russian control .
On Monday , Trump sought to clarify their contradictory and confusing statements again , tweeting that they meant Putin would not go into Ukraine again if they were president — though that clearly was n't what they said — and then blamed the seizure of Crimea on Obama 's lack of strength toward Russia . Meanwhile , Trump 's campaign co-chair suggested that the reality-television producer was just thinking of something else while conducting a TV interview .
When I said in an interview that Putin is `` not going into Ukraine , you can mark it down , '' I am saying if I am President . Already in Crimea ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 1 , 2016
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and Ukraine , they have already taken Crimea and continue to push . That 's what I said ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 1 , 2016
Ukrainian Ambassador Valeriy Chaly to Washington told CNN on Monday that “ everybody was surprised ” by Trump 's comments , which are “ in contradiction with [ the ] official position of [ the ] White House , of the United States , and of Republicans before . ”
Chaly said it was a fact that Russian troops are in Ukraine , and went on to say that Ukrainian officials are now concerned about what could happen after the November presidential elections in the United States . Although Ukrainian-Americans have historically voted Republican , Chaly said , Trump 's controversial comments over the weekend could very likely lose them the support of that population .
Chaly 's remarks came after former Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk also condemned Trump 's comments on Ukraine , saying in a Facebook post on Sunday that the presidential candidate had violated “ the very values of the free world , civilized world order , and international law . ”
“ It can hardly be called ignorance . This is a breach of moral and civilized principles , ” Yatsenyuk wrote . “ The United States is the leader of the free world . Without leadership and alliance the free world will be destroyed by the likes of Putin , Le Pen , Assad , Kim Jong-un , and other dictators , demagogues , and populists . ”
Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov also lashed out at Trump , saying in a separate Facebook post that their “ shameless statement…on possible recognition of Crimea as Russia is a diagnosis of a dangerous fringe politician . ”
“ He is dangerous for Ukraine and equally for the USA , ” Avakov wrote . “ An outcast bowing down to Putin can not be the guarantor of democratic freedoms in the U.S. and the world . ”
In late February 2014 , shortly after the ouster of former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , Russia deployed troops without insignia into Crimea and later annexed the peninsula in March 2014 . Moscow also sent troops into eastern Ukraine to fight alongside pro-Russian separatists as fighting began in April 2014 . Despite repeated denials from the Kremlin , the presence of Russian troops on Ukrainian territory has been confirmed multiple times and been widely tracked through Russian soldiers ' accounts on social media networks .
The Obama administration supported the new government in Kiev , but refrained from interfering to prevent the Russian push into Ukraine .
CLOSE The OMB Director outlined President Donald Trump 's budget `` blueprint , '' which will be submitted to Congress . Mick Mulvaney described the budget as a `` true America first budget . '' ( Feb. 27 ) AP
The U.S.-Mexico border is pictured in Hidalgo , Texas . ( Photo11 : John Moore , Getty Images )
WASHINGTON — President Trump 's first budget provides more than $ 4.5 billion in new spending to fight illegal immigration — not just by building a wall along the southern border but by adding more than 1,700 border officers , prosecutors and judges .
Beginning work on the wall comes with the biggest outlay — $ 2.6 billion — followed by $ 1.5 billion for expanded detention , transportation and removal of illegal immigrants . The Department of Homeland Security estimates the wall will cost $ 21 billion .
The largest staffing increases would be 1,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel and 500 new Border Patrol agents — all at a cost of $ 314 million . In executive orders issued five days after their inauguration , Trump called for adding 10,000 immigration officers and 5,000 border agents .
Overall , the Department of Homeland Security would receive a $ 2.8 billion , or 7 % , increase compared to the current year budget .
Other immigration-related additions in the budget proposal include :
$ 80 million to hire 75 new immigration judges to handle removal proceedings .
Hiring 60 additional border enforcement prosecutors and 40 deputy U.S. marshals to catch and transport criminal aliens .
Hiring 20 new attorneys to obtain land needed to secure the southwest border and another 20 attorneys and staff to handle immigration litigation .
$ 15 million to begin implementation of mandatory nationwide use of the E-verify Program , which allows businesses to determine the legal status of new workers .
More coverage :
Trump 's first budget uses dramatic cuts to fund military buildup
62 agencies and programs Trump wants to eliminate
On immigration , Trump 's budget calls for far more than a wall
Trump proposes to hike TSA fee on airline tickets
Trump 's NASA budget preserves Mars mission , cuts Earth science , asteroid trip , education
The budget also calls for spending $ 171 million to add short-term detention space to hold federal detainees , including criminal aliens , awaiting trial and sentencing .
Of course , like the rest of the Trump budget , this is simply their administration 's vision for spending , and Congress will ultimately decide the fiscal 2018 budget .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2npKCBl
Image copyright Chen Jinxue Image caption Ge Yongxi holding a sign that reads : `` Fight for human rights . Do n't be a slave . ''
Police in China briefly detained prominent human rights lawyer Ge Yongxi over posts they made on social media about the leaked Panama Papers .
Mr Ge was taken from their Guangzhou home overnight but released late on Friday .
They had posted a picture of the Panama Canal , with photoshopped images of President Xi Jinping and two former Chinese leaders in the picture .
The Panama Papers showed that relatives of several Chinese leaders had links to offshore firms .
Mr Ge , a high-profile civil rights campaigner , was last detained 10 months ago , then released after a public petition , the BBC 's Shanghai correspondent Robin Brant reports .
They were detained this time for `` insulting other people '' .
Written promise
Mr Ge said police had asked them where they got the picture from and made them write a letter of assurance promising not to post the picture again .
They told the BBC they had been released at 21:40 ( 13:40 GMT ) , after 22 hours in detention .
Dozens of human rights lawyers had gathered outside the public security bureau on Friday to show their support for Mr Ge .
Image copyright Chen Jinxue Image caption Human rights lawyers had gathered outside the police station where Mr Ge was being held
The incident comes just a day after the US criticised Beijing for what it called a `` severe crackdown '' on lawyers linked to human rights campaigners .
Last July , the Chinese authorities launched what appeared to be an orchestrated campaign , when more than 280 human rights lawyers and activists - along with their associates - were summoned or detained or just disappeared .
While many have since been released , others were formally arrested or charged with subversion .
“ What we also see is that those people who ... have done the right thing and saved through their lives [ for adult social care ] , and are worried that savings will dwindle to nothing , we 're quadrupling the threshold at which assets will be protected to that £100,000 . ”
Whether your local authority pays for your social care depends partly on how much money you have . If you have less than £23,250 you can be paid for ( in part or in full ) . If not , you pay for yourself .
If you are in residential care 'how much money you have ' can include the value of your home .
If you are cared for at home , it does n't .
The Conservatives propose that the cut off point should change from £23,250 to £100,000 .
They also propose that the value of your home should be counted whether you are still living in it or not .
As the average home in England is worth £236,000 , that means that people receiving social care at home may find themselves above the means test threshold , when before they might not have been .
Sir Andrew Dilnot , who chaired a commission into adult social care in 2011 , said today that “ what 's being done on the means test will help some people though many people , the majority of people who are getting care—not in a residential care home but in their own homes—will find themselves worse off . ”
People meeting certain criteria would be able to defer payments on their care . This is “ essentially a loan given by the local authority secured on the value of the person 's property ” , according to the House of Commons Library .
“ You yourself , as much as anyone in the entire universe , deserve your love and affection. ” ~Buddha
I was tortured by self-hatred for most of my life .
There were aspects of myself that I had a hard time loving . I did n't like that I am competitive , that I was not a blonde with blue eyes , that I am not good at math or managing money .
I did everything I could to hide these things . I was over-caring , over-helping , and over-accommodating others .
I think I did a pretty good job of not being myself . This created additional psychic pain in me . I felt like Picasso who was not allowed to paint or Mozart who was banned from approaching another musical instrument again .
The funny thing is , I was the one doing it to myself . I was no longer a child under the mercy of my critical , perfectionist parents ( who were in pain and unconscious themselves ) . I had become my parents ! I had become my worst critic .
I wondered , “ Why am I so mean to myself ? What could I have done in a past life or in this lifetime that could warrant such self-torture ? ”
Interestingly enough , even when I tried to conjure up the filthiest , sickest scenario , I had a hard time hating that imaginary person doing the crime .
I had worked with criminals in a prison . I knew their stories and what they went through . It does n't condone their behavior , but I could see the chain of pain and lack of love that was passed on to them , and then from them . I just could n't hate them .
If I could n't hate these criminals , why did I hate myself so much ? It seemed so illogical .
Then I remembered reading about the inner critic . I looked into it further and started getting to know this beast . In addition to my inner critic , there were many parts of myself that had helped me survive .
I had an inner protector , a hermit , a social butterfly , a flirt , and many other parts that served a purpose .
For example , “ The Flirt ” was helping me make friends and gain clients and extract the juice out of my relationships by being playful . “ The Hermit ” knew when I needed to recharge my mental , emotional , and physical bodies . “ The Social Butterfly ” helped me find and attract communities that met my different needs .
They all had a job to do , but they needed to be in balance .
Some of these selves were created out of necessity when I was young and did n't have enough safety and kindness in my life . But I was no longer that little girl . Some of these selves were such loyal servants that they never left me all my life . I recognized this with gratitude that came out of nowhere .
Suddenly , instead of hating my inner critic , I felt a sense of compassion for how hard they had been working to keep me safe from rejection , ridicule , abandonment , and many other rational and irrational fears . I decided that I did n't want them to work so hard anymore . They had done a great job .
Maybe I was selfish , lazy , negative , arrogant , and bitter . So what ? Are n't all these parts of me and personality traits so human ? How many people do I know and love who have some unpleasant or unbalanced qualities or habits ? Many . Their qualities do not make me not love them . Those are their quirks .
So then came the self-inventory .
Do I make a genuine effort to call myself out on my stuff when I am conscious enough to see it ? Yes .
Do I make an effort to make amends with people I have hurt ? Yes .
Am I someone who genuinely wants to be a balanced individual who serves others ? Yes .
Then what is the problem ?
Does this mean that I was going to let it all go and be a mean , bitter , selfish , codependent woman ?
No .
How about if I cut myself some slack ? How about I practice being gentle with myself and give this poor inner critic a break ?
“ I no longer need to torture myself to grow . ”
Oh , that felt good to say it to myself . I took another deep breath to let this new reality/belief set in . I felt freer , and more loving toward all life .
I knew that I had to work at sustaining and integrating this new belief . I had , in the past , had big revelations but had taken the wisdom for granted . Then I would slip back to my old behavioral and thought patterns .
Back then I did n't understand that our brain needs to integrate new concepts in the same way we learn a new language .
So I immediately made a plan . It did n't have to be a perfect plan , but had to be something I could stick to , since I knew that our brain learns by repetition .
I wrote down affirmations that felt right to my heart . I started a running “ What I love about myself ” list . I started writing down things I was even shy about . “ I love my hair . I love my toes . I love my sense of humor . I love my fragile , sensitive heart . ”
I was finally on paper . And it did n't look so bad . I started reading it out loud to myself every day , and adding to it .
My neediness toward people started decreasing . When I made plans to hang out with them , I noticed that my secret need was no longer to be comforted , approved , or supported by them . I was just open to every encounter for what the exchange would bring for everyone involved .
The shift was n't overnight , but I kept at it . The more love I felt for myself and the less I gave my full attention to my inner critic , the happier I became .
My energy shifted . People were attracted to me as clients and friends . After three months of isolation , I was being invited to parties , camping trips , and concerts . I picked where I wanted to be and who I wanted to be around . I listened to my inner child and followed them nudges .
These are the steps I followed in learning to love myself :
1 . Get to know your inner critic , its voice , and its intentions .
Activate your observer self and listen to what it is saying as if you are hearing it on the radio . Recognize that this is an old tape repeating the criticism of society and the people who raised you to ensure your emotional and physical safety . It is running on autopilot .
2 . Take some time to yourself ; go deep inside .
Explore what you could have done to deserve this much self-hate/criticism . Look for an example of a person or situation where you ca n't hate someone who 's made a mistake , even if you wanted to .
Let your brain help you find proof that you do n't deserve your self-criticism . When you find it , you will create a crack in that thought pattern . But that alone is not enough to break it open and get it to release .
3 . Make a realistic plan .
List three things you can do to raise your self-esteem . These can be as simple as : “ I will say ‘ I love you ' to myself ten times a day , ” or “ I will look at myself in the mirror and identify things I like about myself every morning before leaving the house . ”
The trick is that they need to feel doable to you . This is your plan . You are in charge of what you want to do . Make it a joyful and fun one .
4 . Stick with the program .
I find that I get the best results when I keep track of it . Seeing a day or two of missing my exercises or meditation bothers me and motivates me to get back into it .
5 . Start hanging out with people who make you feel good .
These are the people who see and experience you as who you really are . Let people who love you reflect the real you back to you . Start hanging out with people who could use cheering up . Reflect back to them how you see them . Practice the balance of receiving and giving .
6 . Know that you have the power to take the reins from this inner critic .
It has been doing a great job , but it does n't need to drive the car anymore . Once you decide this , the rest is pretty much practice and patience .
My inner critic was so harsh that it was hard for friends to watch me hurt myself that way , but I 've learned to love myself . You can do it too .
Photo by MrVertrau
About Banu Sekendur Banu is an intuitive coach and a healer . Them passion is removing emotional , mental , and energetic splinters that create blocks to joy . You can connect with them on their website and their budding Facebook group Heart Alchemy Crusaders .
Revolutionary new blood test 'could detect ALL types of cancer '
Is hoped breakthrough could prevent unnecessary invasive procedures
Test focuses on damage to the DNA of white blood cells
'There is a clear distinction between the damage to the white blood cells from patients with cancer and those without , ' say the researchers
Test has so far accurately diagnosed lung , skin and colon cancer
A revolutionary blood test that could detect any type of cancer has been developed by British scientists .
It is hoped the breakthrough will enable doctors to rule out cancer in patients presenting with certain symptoms - saving time and preventing costly and unnecessary invasive procedures and biopsies .
Early results have shown the simple test can diagnose cancer and pre-cancerous conditions from the blood of patients with melanoma , colon cancer and lung cancer with a high degree of accuracy .
The test has been able to diagnose cancer and pre-cancerous conditions from the blood of patients with the disease in their skin , colon or lungs
Alternatively , it could be a useful aid for investigating patients who are suspected of having a cancer that is currently hard to diagnose , say the University of Bradford researchers .
The Lymphocyte Genome Sensitivity ( LGS ) assesses white blood cells and measures the damage caused to their DNA when subjected to different intensities of ultraviolet light ( UVA ) , which is known to damage DNA .
The Bradford scientists say there is a 'clear distinction between the damage to the white blood cells from patients with cancer , with pre-cancerous conditions and from healthy patients ' .
Research leader Professor Diana Anderson , from the University 's School of Life Sciences , said : 'White blood cells are part of the body 's natural defence system .
'We know that they are under stress when they are fighting cancer or other diseases , so I wondered whether anything measureable could be seen if we put them under further stress with UVA light .
'We found that people with cancer have DNA which is more easily damaged by ultraviolet light than other people . '
The conclusions were drawn after looking at the blood samples of 208 people - 94 were healthy members of university staff and students .
The other 114 were collected from patients referred to specialist clinics within Bradford Royal Infirmary prior to diagnosis and treatment .
UVA damage was observed in the form of pieces of DNA being pulled in an electric field towards the positive end of the field , causing a comet-like tail .
The test centres around damage to white blood cells ( pictured ) . The researchers say there is a 'clear distinction between the damage to the cells or those with or without cancer
The longer the tail , the more DNA damage . And these measurements correlated to those patients who were ultimately diagnosed with cancer ( 58 ) , those with pre-cancerous conditions ( 56 ) and those who were healthy ( 94 ) .
' These are early results completed on three different types of cancer and we accept that more research needs to be done ; but these results so far are remarkable , ' said Professor Anderson .
They added that while the numbers tested were small , the ' results are powerful ' .
The research is published online in FASEB Journal , the U.S. Journal of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology .
The test 's accuracy is now being investigated in a clinical trial at Bradford Royal Infirmary with patients suspected to have colorectal cancer .
A patent has been filed for the technology and a spin-out company , Oncascan , has been established to commercialise the research .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Maryland became the latest state to join in legal challenges against President Donald Trump 's revised temporary travel ban on Friday , with its attorney general saying it would join a lawsuit brought by Washington and other states .
Immigration activists , including members of the DC Justice for Muslims Coalition , rally against the Trump administration 's new ban against travelers from six Muslim-majority nations , outside of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection headquarters in Washington , U.S. , March 7 , 2017 . REUTERS/Eric Thayer - RTS11T70
Attorney General Brian Frosh said their office would formally join the suit on Monday .
“ The administration persists in an effort to implement a policy that is inhumane and unconstitutional , but also makes us less safe , not more safe , ” Frosh said in a statement .
The new travel order , which is set to take effect on Wednesday , replaced a more sweeping ban issued on Jan. 27 that caused chaos and protests at airports .
The first order , which temporarily halted the entry of refugees and travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries , was hit by more than two dozen lawsuits .
Detractors claimed it discriminated against Muslims and violated the U.S. Constitution .
The government has said the president has wide authority to implement immigration policy and that the travel rules are necessary to protect against terrorist attacks .
“ Trump 's second executive order is still a Muslim ban , ” Frosh said in the statement .
The state of Washington brought one of the suits against the original ban , and last month a federal judge in Seattle ordered an emergency halt to the policy . That ruling was upheld by an appeals court in San Francisco .
Washington is now asking the court to apply the emergency halt to the new ban , arguing it is a veiled version of the old one .
The new order keeps a 90-day ban on travel to the United States by citizens of Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen , but excludes Iraq . Refugees are still halted from entering the country for 120 days , but the new order removed an indefinite ban on all refugees from Syria .
Oregon and Minnesota also are joining Washington 's challenge . Hawaii has a separate case pending against the new ban .
Frosh said the ban would make Maryland less competitive by deterring visits by academics , scientists and engineers from other countries and would hurt Maryland 's universities and economy .
The U.S. Department of Justice has declined to comment on the states ' cases because the litigation is pending .
The stand-off at Chumur had started almost a week ago .
The fresh transgression by the Chinese People 's Liberation Army in Ladakh 's Chumur that began on Thursday morning -- hours before Chinese President Xi Jinping landed in India -- tuned grave by late night . In terms of numbers , this is the third . One other has been on at Chumur , and one in Demchok . But going by the scale , this is the worst Chinese transgression in years.Late night reports said the face-off at Chumur had got worse , with 1000 Chinese troops entering 4-5 km inside the Indian territory . India has rushed in reinforcements . In the morning , 100 Chinese soldiers had joined the existing 300.The fresh transgression had come as a surprise to the Indian troops too , who had been aware of the other two incidents , which had been on for a week . Forty personnel of the Chinese army are camping out at Demchok . ( Read : Ahead of Chinese President 's Visit , A Fresh Transgression by China in Ladakh Efforts to resolve the transgressions have so far proved fruitless.Two flag meetings between India and China on Thursday - one in the morning and one in the evening - remained inconclusive.A marathon 12-hour meeting on Monday was equally fruitless . The border issue is to be one of the key topics of discussion between Mr Xi and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.The stand-off started almost a week ago at Chumur , which stands at the intersection of the international border and the Line of Actual Control , the de facto border between the two nations . The Chinese soldiers had brought in in heavy construction equipment and a large labour force to try and build a road up to the border . ( Read : Chinese Troops Enter Ladakh With 'This is Our Territory ' Flags : Sources India objected strongly , sending troops as close as possible to the disputed site . After five days of deadlock , China sought a flag meeting -- which took place on Monday but remained inconclusive . ( Read : Chinese Graziers Pitched Tents in Ladakh in Fresh Incursion Attempt : Sources Perhaps to divert focus from Chumur , the Chinese side objected to an irrigation canal being built at Demchock about 80 km away and sent hundreds of civilians to protest . The standoff at Demchock , unusually , is now between Indian and Chinese civilians .
The front-runner in Taiwan 's presidential race , Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) Chair Tsai Ing-wen , is visiting Japan this week on a “ friendship tour. ” Tsai arrived in Tokyo on October 6 to kick off a four-day visit during which they planned to meet with politicians , Taiwanese expatriates , and “ friends ” in Japan .
Polls have consistently shown Tsai leading by double-digits in Taiwan 's presidential race , making them a heavy favorite to win ( such a favorite , in fact , that the rival Kuomintang is moving to replace its own candidate ) . Them trip to Japan sends an important signal about their foreign policy priorities should they win as expected in the January 2016 presidential election .
In a foreign policy speech on September 22 , Tsai said that one of their priorities as Taiwan 's leader would be “ strengthen our partnerships with the United States , Japan , and other like-minded democracies from around the world. ” Tsai has emphasized the need for Taiwan to build up regional partnerships that will reduce its economic reliance on mainland China and carve out more international space for Taiwan .
“ It is in our national interest to have strong and healthy relationships here by expanding our economic and cultural ties , and engage in dialogue on regional security and economic integration , such as joining the TPP , ” Tsai said in their September speech .
Japan is a natural partner in this regard for both social and geopolitical reasons . A majority of Taiwanese have favorable opinions of Japan , and their regional interests are well aligned as well – both share a commitment to defending international law , democratic systems , and the U.S.-led alliance network in the Asia-Pacific . The two sides have already demonstrated their ability to cooperate even on contentious issues — in 2013 , they signed a fishing agreement that would allow both sides to harvest fish from the waters off the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands , which are disputed by Japan and Taiwan ( as well as mainland China ) .
Writing for The Diplomat , J. Michael Cole predicted even warmer Japan-Taiwan relations in the future : “ Although Tokyo is unlikely to take actions that will cause serious harm to its important relationship with China , there is nevertheless a high likelihood that Japan will increase its cooperation with Taiwan and provide the necessary moral support to the DPP . ”
Joseph Wu , the DPP 's secretary-general , told The Diplomat via email that Japan is “ Taiwan 's most important as well as the best friend in the region. ” They said that Tsai 's trip “ will form a very good foundation for the bilateral relations in the next few years . ”
“ Taiwan needs to have a friendly international environment to develop its economy , and having friendly relations with Japan falls in this consideration , ” Wu said .
On the economic front , Tsai has repeatedly indicated that they believe Taiwan should attempt to join the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade network , which just negotiated a final deal this week . Both Japan and the United States are part of the TPP , and Tsai asked Japanese Diet members to help Taiwan eventually join as well .
However , any attempt to expand Taiwan 's international role , including its bilateral relationship with Japan , will face steep opposition from Beijing . Chinese officials had already spoken out against Tsai 's visit to Japan before they even left Taiwan . In September , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said that Beijing was “ extremely concerned about Tsai Ing-wen 's activities in Japan and resolutely opposed ” to the visit . “ We demand the Japanese side strictly abide by the one-China principle … and not provide space or any excuse for anybody to disseminate Taiwan independence , ” Hong added .
Ma Xiaoguang , a spokesperson for the Taiwan Affairs Office , told reporters that China “ firmly opposes any person in any way undertaking ‘ Taiwan independence ' or splittist activities internationally , damaging and provoking cross-strait relations. ” They did not specifically reference Tsai 's trip , but Ma was responding to a question about their visit to Japan .
Michael Fonte , the director of the DPP 's Washington , D.C. office , told The Diplomat that Tsai “ is fully aware of the Chinese position. ” As for the future of Taiwan-Japan relations under a likely Tsai presidency , Fonte suggested that China 's concerns would be taken into account . “ Tsai Ing-wen 's commitment to maintaining the status quo in cross-strait relations is based on no provocative behavior by the DPP and striving to build a security dimension to the relationship with Japan would certainly be seen as provocative by China , ” they said in an email to The Diplomat . Instead , Tsai would likely focus on other aspects of the relationship , particularly boosting trade .
Ironically , China 's sensitivity to Taiwan 's external relationships is partially driving Tsai 's visit to Japan this week . As Joseph Wu pointed out , should they be elected president , Tsai is unlikely to be able to visit Japan , as Beijing does not look kindly on Taiwanese officials traveling abroad . Because of that , “ Tsai needs to use this opportunity to let the Japanese friends , either in the government or in the opposition , know them and know their policy and approach to Japan , ” Wu said .
They added that the visit to Japan , along with Tsai 's visit this summer to the United States , was a way to demonstrate to the domestic Taiwanese audience that Tsai would be a “ capable of handling foreign relations for Taiwan . ”
The Cubs have signed Dontrelle Willis according to Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com ( Twitter links ) . The left-hander officially gets an invitation to minor league Spring Training , but could get a look in big league camp if he 's throwing well . The 2003 NL Rookie of the Year is a Sosnick/Cobbe client .
Willis , 31 later this month , retired from baseball back in July . They allowed eight runs in 6 1/3 innings with the Orioles ' Triple-A affiliate early last season before calling it quits . Willis last appeared in the big leagues with the Reds in 2011 , when they pitched to a 5.00 ERA with 6.8 K/9 and 4.4 BB/9 in 75 2/3 innings across 13 starts .
Willis started their professional career with the Cubs , who drafted them in the eighth round of the 2000 draft . Chicago traded them to the Marlins as part of the package for Matt Clement and Antonio Alfonseca two years later .
Inquirer Eight : Manila Major Power Rankings
Justin `` Popi '' Banusing
With the advent of the Manila Major , some teams are bound to rise and fall on the big stage .
Whereas some teams are considered favorites , others have no one confident in their potential success notwithstanding a miracle . Recent roster changes , alongside the small amount of premier events in the gap between Shanghai and Manila , means that opinions are divided .
On that note , we gathered our staff along with a few guests such as Ben “ Noxville ” Steenhuisen , Paul “ ReDeYe ” Chaloner and Joey “ Lefeator ” Thimian to see who among the sixteen teams will be in the top 8 , according to general consensus .
Here are our picks for the teams most likely to strike it big at the Major – the Inquirer Eight .
8 . Evil Geniuses
North American Dota 2 ‘ s best , Evil Geniuses ( EG ) have long ruled both their home scene and maintained a healthy level of competition globally . However , things have been shaky for the 17-year old organization recently , especially after losing their carry Artour “ Arteezy ” Babaev and offlaner Saahil “ Universe ” Arora to rivals Team Secret in the post-Dota Pit shuffle .
With a new roster sporting Digital Chaos ( DC ) players and former teammates Kurtis “ Aui_200 ” Ling and Sam “ Bulba ” Sosale , their results have been decent at best . That 's not to say they do n't have the potential to win . given midlaner Syed “ Suma1l ” Hassan 's snowball potential . Captain Peter “ ppd ” Dager and support Clinton “ Fear ” Loomis have proven from time to time again that they can lead new rosters to success . Regardless , losses to CompLexity Gaming ( coL ) and Vega Squadron ( Vega ) show that the team has a lot to prove going into the Major .
7 . Vici Gaming Reborn
Xu “ fy ” Linsen 's decision to build a new roster around the former academy team Vici Gaming Potential was seen with skepticism from many sides when it was announced . Now , the “ B-squad ” seems to be “ B ” no longer . With a strong win at the Starladder i-League Invitational over Natus Vincere ( Na'Vi ) , Vici Gaming Reborn ( VGR ) proved itself worthy of becoming the organization 's main squad ; that was without their midlaner Wang “ Nono ” Xin , who ran into visa issues .
Now complete , VGR are going in strong at the Manila Major , but their lack of match-up experience over most western teams might prove a problem .
6 . Wings Gaming
Coming in unexpectedly and securing the win at ESL One Manila , Wings Gaming ( Wings ) surprised western fans . Although they 've only played in two international tournaments , WCA 2015 and the asupervisorstioned ESL event , they 've already beaten teams such as Team Liquid ( Liquid ) , VGR and more . Unfortunately , they 're in a bit of a flux , with domestic results being a mixed bag thanks in part to Newbee 's near-domination of Chinese Dota 2 .
One thing that Wings do have that others do not is their drafting and wide hero pool . Quirky , weird and unheard of strategies sometimes play into the mix for their drafter Zhang “ Innocence ” Liping . With the Manila Majors at hand , expect the unexpected , especially now that they 've been knocked into the Lower Bracket .
5 . MVP Phoenix
MVP Phoenix ( MVP ) are the Korean Dota 2 scenes top dogs and near-last hope . If their 2 recent 1st place finishes at Dota Pit Season 5 and WePlay League Season 3 are an indicator of what 's to come , expect them to do well . Then again , they 've also lost a string of online qualifiers to fellow Asian team Fnatic and bowed out of the Starladder i-League Invitational at a rock bottom placing .
Provided MVP shows up in their prime form and not their online qualifier form , they have a good shot at making the top 3 or even taking it all .
4 . Team Secret
The instigators of the western scene 's post-Dota Pit shuffle , change has not done Secret well . Adding Arteezy and Universe to their roster in favor of Aliwi “ w33 ” Omar and Rasmus “ Misery ” Flipsen showed a decline in their results , finishing near last at ESL One Manila and EPICENTER : Moscow . Secret 's raw talent is undeniable , with former Na'Vi captain Clement “ Puppey ” Ivanov at the helm and former Cloud 9 ( C9 ) captain Jacky “ EternalEnvy ” Mao as second mate .
Their performance in the group stages left a lot to be desired and as a result , they 're starting the Main Event from the Lower Bracket . If anyone can make it happen though , it 's Secret 's star-studded roster .
3 . OG
As the name implies , OG are the “ OGs ” of the Major system . Winning the Frankfurt Major last year all the way from the first round of the Lower Bracket solidified the team 's status as Tier 1 . Come Shanghai however , it had seemed that Tal “ Fly ” Aizik 's drafting had n't adapted to the new patch and the team suffered , still finishing within the top 8 .
They 've recently been showing a return to form , with midlaner Amar “ miracle- ” Barqawi 's explosive playstyle being a key factor . A combination of good tournament results and wins over the likes of Newbee and Na'Vi make them a threat coming into the Manila Major , where they are now in the Upper Bracket of the Main Event .
2 . Newbee
Newbee went on an undefeated spree after the Shanghai Major , only losing to OG in the first round of the Upper Bracket during EPICENTER : Moscow . Even then , the Chinese powerhouse still managed to run it all the way back to the Lower Bracket finals , where they beat OG in the rematch and proceeded to finish 2nd place . They are n't slouches domestically either , with them winning the last two iterations of H-Cup over other regional favorites like VGR .
Superb team-fight execution is the name of the game for this iteration of the The International 2014-winning team thanks to Chen “ Hao ” Zhihao and Zhang “ Mu ” Pan 's long-term partnership coupled with solid supporting play from Damien “ kpii ” Chok , Wong Hock “ Chuan ” Chuan and Hu “ Kaka ” Liangzhi . They 're definitely up for championship contention but if their series with OG and Team Liquid ( Liquid ) have any meaning , it 's that they are n't invincible .
1 . Team Liquid
From not qualifying for Frankfurt , to finishing 2nd at Shanghai , to winning EPICENTER : Moscow , Liquid have done it . Kuro “ Kuroky ” Salehi 's former 5Jungz roster , through extremely solid play all throughout the season , have recent winning records over almost every team in the Major that they 've faced bar Wings .
With support Jesse “ JerAx ” Vainikka , midlaner Adrian “ FATA- ” Trink and carry Lasse “ MATUMBAMAN ” Urpalainen being the best at their respective signature heroes , each of them bring a lot to the table . Offlaner Ivan “ MinD_ContRoL ” Borislavov is no slouch either thanks to their diverse hero pool .
While they do have winning records over most teams as mentioned before , some of these were close series , with their last one against Newbee 3-2 after they came back from being down a game .
Despite this , Liquid , according to our panel , are by far the favorites going into the major .
For more coverage on the Manila Major and Dota 2 , stay tuned on eSports by Inquirer.net .
All the photos used in this article belong to their respective owners .
Special thanks to our staff and guests for panelists on this project :
For governments seeking to hide controversial programs from their citizens , there are few better directions to transmit secret military and espionage communications than straight up . Unlike here on earth , no pesky amateur radio eavesdroppers or curious hackers monitor the open sky between ground control and a drone—not to mention between that drone and its communication satellite perched miles higher up .
JULIAN OLIVER , BENGT SJÖLEN AND DANJA VASILIEV
One small crew of hackers is trying to pierce that stratospheric secrecy zone with a high-altitude flying—or at least floating—machine of their own . The three members of a socially motivated movement of technologists known as Critical Engineering have developed and begun testing an “ aerospace probe ” they call the Deep Sweep . The invention , described in their own detailed writeup , is a 1-foot-diameter acrylic orb packed with radio equipment and attached to a 8.2-foot diameter helium-filled weather balloon . As it floats up more than 15 miles into the earth 's atmosphere , the probe 's antennae are designed to record a wide range of radio data to be analyzed when the probe is recovered hours or days later . The project 's goal : to pioneer a new form of public , crowd-sourced data collection for tracking the communications of a secret layer of government sky machines—drones , satellites and high-altitude planes .
“ The core point of the project is to build a low-cost platform for high-altitude signals intelligence for the rest of us , ” says Julian Oliver , a Berlin-based artist and hacker who launched the project along with fellow creators Bengt Sjöle and Danja Vasiliev . “ It 's about creating an interface to read the signals in the skies above us , to understand what 's going on up there . ”
The Deep Sweep launches 1 and 2 from CriticalEngineering on Vimeo .
The group 's DIY probe was built with three software defined radios , three antennae all listening to different parts of the radio frequency spectrum , a Gopro camera , a GPS module , temperature and pressure sensors , a SIM card for communicating with the team via SMS , and an insulated battery . All of that is integrated with an Arduino board , a USB hub , an Intel Edison minicomputer and open-source software . The cheap design is intended to encourage other amateurs to build high-flying probes of their own : Oliver says the entire setup cost less than $ 300—though they hope use even cheaper components in future versions—with another $ 200 for the balloon plus the helium to fill it .
As a final touch , the team constructed the orb 's shell from a pair of parabolic mirrored surveillance camera covers—the kind used on the ceilings of retail stores and banks . “ We thought that suited the project very nicely , ” Oliver says .
JULIAN OLIVER , BENGT SJÖLEN AND DANJA VASILIEV
So far , the Critical Engineers have staged two test-launches of their spy balloon . Here 's how it works : When the probe rises to an altitude of around 17 or 18 miles , reduced atmospheric air pressure causes the balloon carrying it to burst ( after expanding to nearly 10 times its original volume . ) Then the probe releases a nylon parachute and floats safely back to earth . Once it 's back in cell tower range , it sends a text message to its creators signaling its arrival and sharing its landing location .
The tests had mixed results . Its first balloon flight from the eastern German city Frankfurt is Oder in August landed in a Polish field . When they tracked down and recovered the device after a long , pre-dawn drive , they found that its power source had failed just seven minutes into the flight , cutting short its data collection .
Their second launch later the same month was more fruitful , despite a different set of problems : They released the balloon from Magdeburg , Germany , expecting that it would again land in Poland . Instead , during a long period when the probe lost cell signal , the wind pulled it more than 600 miles east , at some points dragging it through the sky as fast as 87 miles an hour . `` It was a bit of a desperate feeling , '' says Oliver . `` You get quite attached to the thing . When we finally got an SMS from it the following morning , we were pretty happy people . ''
JULIAN OLIVER , BENGT SJÖLEN AND DANJA VASILIEV
The probe had landed in a cornfield near Minsk , Belarus . Since Belarus 's dictatorship does n't keep an open border with the EU , the team had to enlist the help of a friend with Belarusian contacts to rescue it . Despite their initial suspicions that the shiny sphere 's creators were state spies rather than amateur hackers , a Belarusian couple eventually retrieved the probe and offloaded its data over the Internet to Critical Engineering 's server in Sweden . ( One of the two Belarusians traveled this month to Stockholm via a ferry from Estonia to deliver the probe back to its owners . )
The data from that first successful test-flight , available for download here and built into a set of data visualizations here , is intended to be the start of a public , crowdsourced collection . Oliver says the group plans to create a wiki for publishing the results of any future probe launches , both those by their Critical Engineering team and anyone else who launches a stratospheric radio balloon of their own .
JULIAN OLIVER , BENGT SJÖLEN AND DANJA VASILIEV
And just what do Deep Sweep 's creators think they 'll find in their probe project 's potential trove of radio data ? Oliver says they hope to pick up threads of conversation between government agencies and flying machines that range from Predator and Reaper drones to stringray-toting surveillance planes to spy satellites like those launched by the U.S. 's secretive National Reconnaissance Office . Those radio conversations are no doubt encrypted , and Oliver says the group has no illusions that they 'll be able to peer into the content of the communications . But they do hope they 'll eventually be able to at least recognize the presence of secret sky devices talking to the ground or satellites overhead , and even possibly learn to `` fingerprint '' and distinguish them .
Oliver hopes that the Deep Sweep project might be the beginning of a new amateur community of high-altitude radio enthusiasts who monitor the radio frequencies of the skyscape the same way that Ham radio hobbyists have monitored and transmitted ground-based communications for decades .
`` What the Ham radio scene does here on earth ... we want to do the same thing at the edge of space . Because that 's where a hell of a lot of really interesting and dubious things are happening , '' says Oliver . `` There 's no other way of getting to the bottom of it all than by getting up there . ''
Natural disasters have been a sad fact of life in our country for the past three months , from Hurricane Harvey in Texas , to Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico , to the wildfires of Northern California .
Texans star J.J. Watt showed just how powerful a celebrity voice could be in times of need when they raised nearly $ 40 million in disaster relief for Harvey victims in Houston and its surrounding areas . Now Rams quarterback Jared Goff has launched a GoFundMe page to help their hometown in need .
Here 's Goff in their words :
Being from the Bay Area and more specifically the North Bay Area the recent fires in the Sonoma , Napa , and Santa Rosa area have hit literally close to home for me . Like many others from the area , I know many families that have been seriously affected by this tragedy by losing loved ones or entire homes . I wanted to start this fund to try and help some of those families and people in need at this time . I 've been working with members of the local community there to make sure the money donated goes to the correct places . Along with my personal donation , I 've set up this site to help raise money for the families affected by this tragedy . All of the funds donated will go directly to the fire survivors through the Sonoma County Fire Account .
After two days , Goff is more than halfway to their fundraising goal of $ 50,000 . It does n't have to stop there , either . Watt set their original goal at $ 200,000 and ended up raising 185 times that amount .
Yes , the internet can be weaponized for the betterment of humankind , too . Good for Goff and best wishes to everyone who 's been affected by these recent events .
If you want to donate to Goff 's cause , head over to their GoFundMe page .
Peshmerga forces . Rudaw Photo .
ERBIL , Kurdistan Region - Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov briefly mentioned on Tuesday that Moscow had sent some arms to Iraq 's Kurds , shortly after they were threatened by Islamic State ( ISIS ) terrorists.After ISIS infamously seized Mosul and large parts of Iraq 's northwest back in the summer of 2014 , Russia sent arms to Baghdad , including Su-25 attack planes .
Lavrov said other weapons were sent to Erbil to help the Kurdish Peshmerga defend their territory . `` We took into account the Kurds ' need in the supplies of our arms to Iraq , but these supplies were made through the central government , through Baghdad , '' Lavrov said , according to the TASS news agency .
`` We fully respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity , '' they said . Their emphasis on the fact they sent arms to the Kurds through Baghdad is reflective of the fact that Russia , like the United States , strives to uphold the so-called One Iraq policy .
Many in Erbil believe that to be counterproductive , since it slows down the transfer of weapons allotted to Erbil and also prevents Erbil from independently choosing what weapons it needs or wants to buy .
Russia was not the only one to provide Iraq 's Kurds with arms at that time .
In August 2014 , when ISIS threatened Erbil , the US military began to bomb the militants and Iran sent a delegation and arms to ensure that Erbil did not fall .
Iran , too , is for a One Iraq , but due to the imminent threat at that time it sent weapons right away to help the Kurds mount a defense of Erbil .
Some proposals for Trump 's border wall may look like spoofs , but they provide a fascinating window into the lurid anxieties of middle America
Monorails , shipping containers and nuclear waste dumps are just some of the ways that US construction companies have interpreted Donald Trump 's call for an “ impenetrable , physical , tall , powerful , beautiful wall ” to March 2,000 miles across the country 's border with Mexico . Up to 400 bidding contractors were expected to submit their schemes this week to the US Customs and Border Protection agency , in a militarised beauty pageant worthy of one of Trump 's own reality TV shows .
The beauty pageant to build Trump 's border wall is beginning Read more
The parameters for proposals were as surreal as the idea for the wall itself ; the solicitation notice tinged with the characteristic Trump cocktail of bluster , confusion and backtracking .
Rules state that the wall must be tough enough to withstand attacks from “ sledgehammer , car jack , pick axe , chisel , battery operated impact tools … propane or butane or other similar hand-held tools ” for up to four hours , but also be “ aesthetically pleasing ” – although obviously only on the northern , US-facing side . It must be “ physically imposing in height ” , ideally 30ft , but the terms also state that shorter options of 18ft “ may be acceptable ” .
After the initial callout , a second request for proposals was published with an option for the designs to have “ a see-through component ” . As many predicted , the great impenetrable wall might simply end up being a mesh fence . If it even happens at all .
From a first look at some of the entries , it 's hard to tell which ones are spoofs . Alarmingly , on closer inspection , it turns out that very few are . Instead , they are the fever dreams of America 's small-business contractors writ large , which makes them a fascinating window into the lurid anxieties of middle America .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Gleason Partners 's proposal would see solar panels covering sections of the wall . Photograph : AP
Clayton Industries of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , who claim to be “ revamping the energy sector through matter manipulation ” , have proposed digging a 100ft trench along the border and filling it with nuclear waste . A flimsy chainlink fence will run along the Mexican side , followed by a field of motion sensors . If any plucky border-jumpers make it past the toxic trench , they 'll be met with another 30ft wall the other side . Company owner Christian Clayton prefers to describe their linear nuclear weapon as a “ conduit ” , explaining that the waste would also be used to generate electricity .
Wild utopianism is fitting for a political campaign that seems increasingly unlikely to see the light of day
It is a theme picked up in designs by Las Vegas-based Gleason Partners , “ a 100 % Vietnam veteran-owned small business ” , which proposes to build a wall covered in solar panels . As well as providing electricity for lighting , sensors and patrol stations along the border , the company says , their wall would generate enough power to pay for the cost of construction within 20 years . It is “ a sleeping lion ” , says Gleason , “ that will not hurt a climber except for the fall , but will protect itself if somebody tries to break into or through the structure. ” With its canted lower section and upper surveillance gallery , it has the unmistakable air of a prison perimeter wall .
Other technologically minded entries include a scheme by San Diego company vScenario , which proposes to begin in warfare fashion by using drones to map a 3D model of the tricky terrain . They would then install a stealthy ribbon of cameras , “ volumetric microwave sensors ” and fibre-optics along the border to detect potential intruders , although perhaps Trump might want to put the microwaves to another kind of use .
Meanwhile , the sinisterly named DarkPulse Technologies – “ a leader in distributed fibre sensor solutions ” – proposes a big ballistics-grade concrete wall embedded with special sensors , in order to notify border agents of the exact location of any tampering in real time . In keeping with their Marvel comics identity , their wall would be coated to prevent the use of grappling hooks .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The wall proposed by Arizona-based DarkPulse Technologies would be constructed with ballistic concrete that can withstand tampering or attacks . Photograph : DarkPulse.com
At the other end of the spectrum are a number of decidedly low-tech proposals that recall the fortifications of an earlier epoch , even conceiving their grand infrastructural barriers as potential tourist attractions – the Mount Rushmore of our day .
Crisis Resolution Security Services of Clarence , Illinois have clearly been inspired by the Great Wall of China with their scheme for a hefty crenelated concoction , complete with decorative parapets , buttresses and square castle watchtowers , all perched atop a vast earthen berm . It is the work of Michael Hari , a former sheriff 's deputy who most recently ran an agricultural food safety certification business before setting up their security outfit , who says it would be “ as pretty as the Parthenon ” .
“ This wall is meant to defend what is truly American , ” they add , “ and it can start by being beautiful in a way that ordinary American citizens appreciate , rather than by being starkly institutional or by catering to the controversial and perverse tastes of the elites. ” It has a foot and cycle path on top too , for “ recreational use ” , so upstanding citizens can go on a bike ride while peering over at Mexico .
The wall looks like it might have been dreamed up under the influence of something smuggled across the border
Other firms have taken more of an environmentalist bent , incorporating passage for animals and using materials that attempt to blend into the surroundings . Black Security Products of Austin , Texas has incorporated four-inch holes in the bottom of its wall to allow animals to scamper across the border undetected , along with a “ rip-rap ” system of loose rocks so that smaller creatures can creep through the wall .
Decorative concrete specialists , Single Eagle Inc of Poway , California , meanwhile , have gone for a naturalistic camouflage scheme , proposing a “ tilt-up ” concrete wall cast on the ground then hauled up into position , thereby picking up the colours and textures of the surrounding landscape . Their dreamy super-saturated image of stratified waves undulating along the wall looks like it might have been dreamed up under the influence of something smuggled across the border .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A rendering of the Single Eagle proposal for the border wall , which takes colors from the natural environment . Photograph : AP
While some of these proposals are security disguised as art , other artists have entered the competition with provocative , critical schemes that reimagine the idea of a border all together . JM Design Studio of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , an all-women team of designers and artists , have entered sketches designed to “ invite other realms of thought and consideration ” . One image depicts a magnificent wall of 10m musical organ pipes , 30ft tall , punctuated with openings every 20ft allowing people to pass through . Another sketch shows an idea for three million hammocks strung across the border , hanging gracefully from 30ft trees , for anyone to use as they please .
Another critical collective , made up of Mexican and American architects and engineers – including Cameron Sinclair , co-founder of non-profit group Architecture for Humanity – has come together to propose perhaps the most radical proposition of all : a new bi-national territory along the border , built collaboratively by Mexico and the US , connected by a supersonic Hyperloop transit system . “ We propose the eradication of the entire US-Mexico border via a trans-national ‘ New Deal ' , ” they write , “ to create a shared co-nation called Otra Nation , built on local economic empowerment , energy independence and revolutionary infrastructure and transit . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Otra Nation collective of Mexican and American engineers , builders and planners wants to turn the border into a shared co-nation . Photograph : Otra Nation
Their wild utopianism is fitting for the whole endeavour , a political campaign project that seems increasingly unlikely to ever see the light of day . John F Kelly , Trump 's homeland security secretary , recently admitted that “ it 's unlikely we will build a wall or physical barrier from sea to shining sea ” . Nor was there any idea of cost , given the nature of the proposal was still up in the air ; $ 2.6bn was requested in the 2018 budget to fund border infrastructure , but Republican leaders have said the total project would cost $ 12bn to $ 15bn , while independent estimates run as high as $ 38bn .
The next stage is choosing a shortlist of proposals to be built as 30-foot prototypes in the San Diego desert , a place where we can only hope they will stay : a forlorn menagerie , left to rot as relics of a nightmarish future that never happened .
Getting a graduate degree is n't always the best path to riches . With today 's grads leaving school with an ever-increasing amount of debt , some four-year degrees offer a much better return on investment , a recent study found .
Those with a four-year undergrad degree in advertising and marketing , for example , get the biggest bang for the buck , according to a study by Bankrate.com . Grads in this field pay off their student debt in an average of six years ( with 10 % of their salary going toward repaying student loans ) and earn a median income of more than $ 107,950 post-graduation .
Meanwhile , marriage and family therapists , who require an average of six years of schooling , rack up close to $ 65,000 in school-related debt and take close to 35 years to repay their loans . Even worse : They earn a median wage of just $ 46,670 a year , Bankrate found .
Rounding out the top five worst performing occupations were librarians , teachers , veterinarians , and reporters .
Related : How much will that college really cost ?
Bankrate ranked degrees by the amount of schooling required , debt graduates accumulate , earnings post-graduation and years it takes to pay off student loans . Other degrees that offer a great return on investment included economists , civil engineers , political scientists and pharmacists .
Of course , other factors can impact how much a person earns , as well .
`` Where you live , your cost of living and how much experience you have plays a great role in how much you earn right out of college , '' said Jessica Patel , a Bankrate.com analyst who worked on the report . `` Your starting pay in Kansas City may be vastly different than your starting pay in New York City . ''
Related : Colleges with the best return on investment
But before you drop your library science major and head to pharmacy school , it 's worth noting that the number of jobs available for any one occupation was not factored into the report . Some of the best performing jobs may be some of the hardest to come by . There may be fewer job openings for pharmacists than for teachers , for example .
`` Students should also think about the likelihood of getting a job in a profession they desire when making decisions for their future , '' says Patel .
Submitted by Mark Esposito , Guest Blogger
Those of us on this side of the jury box routinely think the jurors hang on our every word and feel greatly honored to sit in judgment of their fellows . Well maybe some do , but here 's an actual letter ( misspellings and all ) from Juror # 5 to a trial judge lamenting their plight :
Your Honor
I am tired of spending day after day wasting my time listening to this bullcrap . This is cruel and unusual punishment . The plantif is an idiot . They have no case . Why are we here ? I think my cat could better answer these questions . . . and they would n't keep asking to see a document .
I 've been patient . I 've sat in these chairs for 7 days now . If I believed for a second this was going to end on Thursday I might not go crazy . This is going to last for another 4 weeks . I can not take this . I hate these lawyers and prayed one would die so the case would end .
I should n't be on this jury . I want to die . I want to die ! ! Well not die for real but that is how I feel sitting here . I am the judge , you 've said that over and over , well I am not fair and balanced . I hate the plantif . Their ignorance is driving me crazy . I know I 'm writing this in vain but I have to do something . . . for my sanity . These jury chairs should come with a straight jacket .
An entire day today and we are still on the same witness . The defense has n't even started yet and we have 3 days left 3 days my ass . Not that the defense needs a turn considering the plantif and their lawyer ( who looks like the Penquin ) have no case ! ! ! ! Thanks for letting me get this off my chest . Please keep the disordelies nearby . I may need them .
– Juror # 5
Source : www.lawhaha.com
~Mark Esposito , Guest Blogger
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
1 . Eds and Meds
When the private sector shrinks and the federal government grows , handmaidens of federal spending , like education and health care , stay alive . Many of the cities on this list specialize in health care ( McAllen ) education ( Austin ) or both ( Albany , Augusta , San Antonio ) . The eds and meds have outpaced the private sector in growth through the downturn , into the recovery , and they will continue to cast a long shadow over job creation in the next decade . Six of the top eight jobs with the fastest projected growth are in the health care or medical science industries . Three of the top five jobs with the largest projected growth are in health care .
2 . Also : Enlisteds
The rock of federal spending has helped military towns stay steady , too . Look at DC , Virginia Beach , San Antonio , and Augusta . Pentagons and forts , galore . Many of the cities on this list have been buoyed by consistent government spending on military bases and tech contracts .
3 . Capitals
In the good times , the strongest cities were close to capital that came from rising home prices and exotic financial products . In the iffy times , the strongest cities are close to capitals , to City Halls , the most dependable arteries to government spending . Count the capitals on Brookings list : Albany , Austin , Baton Rouge , Madison , Little Rock , Jackson , and Oklahoma City .
4 . Texas ( Or at Least Its Time Zone )
As I 've written , Texas and the Great Plains have run away with the recovery for a few reasons : ( 1 ) They avoided the housing bubble ; ( 2 ) They 're led by local-based businesses like health and insurance that were insulated from the global meltdown ; ( 3 ) High energy prices both delayed and cushioned the recession ; and finally ...
5 . Cheap labor
Eighteen of Brookings ' 20 `` strongest cities '' ( all except Washington and VA Beach ) have average or below average cost-of-living , according to a new Wall Street Journal story . At a time when Washington ca n't seem to get employers and employees together , employment has been sticky where wages and living have been cheap .
________________
THE NEXT ECONOMY
A series of articles about education and job creation trends that will impact the next decade .
>
Advertisement
Sometime around 1992 , when I was in the seventh grade , my father presented me with the gift of a new watch . I had started in a new school , entering into a new phase of adolescence , pressed with the task of making new friends and fitting in . The watch was nothing extravagant , a simple Victorinox Swiss Army watch , grey plastic case with the classic white dial , luminous hands , enameled red bezel and a canvas strap with a leather buckle . Despite its quotidian standard , it was mine , and receiving it felt somewhat like a rite of passage , like the old-timey schoolboy who wears trousers for the first time , at last too mature for knee-socks and britches . It was also a considerable step up from the rubber Casio I had been wearing , with the sallow , miniature incandescent lightbulb inside — the 80 's had ended , after all .
My father has always been a man of subdued taste , with a preference for blue jeans weathered by shop oil , white t-shirts , good German beer and a weird near-obsession with verifying the authenticity and pedigree of the things in which they take interest . This habit certainly cut down on clutter , their fancies remaining focused only upon things with the most interesting and traceable histories . They always wear a wrist-watch , at the time of the asupervisorstioned gift I seem to recall a string of good , accurate Pulsar railroad watches before they upgraded themselves to a black , rubber Victorinox . Since then , I have always had my eye on one watch or another , but the basis for my present interest in wrist-watches and the foundation of my expanding collection has been motivated by the unexpected revelation of an interesting bit of family history .
So , fast-forward about seventeen years to the Fall of 2009 , when I received a rather cryptic e-mail from my father ( now lost ) , which outlined their discovery that the Laco Watch Company is still in operation in Pforzheim , Germany , producing scaled-down replicas of its own classic flieger style watches . At first glance , this information was meaningless to me , but in reading on I learned that the company was co-founded by my father 's Uncle Ludwig back in 1925 . In fact , Ludwig Hummel is not my great-uncle , but the husband of my grandfather 's first cousin , Lotte Kolsch ( yes , of the Kolsch beer dynasty — but that 's another story ) .
Uncle Ludwig and their business partner , Frieda Lacher , derived the name Laco from the contraction of Lacher & Company , and went about installing Swiss movements in German-made cases of their own design . Ludwig became dissatisfied with German dependence upon Swiss-made movements , and in 1933 established Durowe ( Deutsche Uhren-Rohwerke ) in order to produce movements in Germany and supply them not only to Laco but to other German watchmakers . Durowe movements even wound up in watches produced by another famous flieger manufacturer , Stowa .
In 1936 , Ludwig broke away from their partnership with Frieda Lacher ( replaced by their son , Erich ) , but continued to produce watches under the Laco-Durowe name . It was during this period that the now legendary flieger , or pilot 's watch , went into production , Uncle Ludwig having been commissioned to produce them en-masse by the German government for use by the air force . According to further family lore , it was , in fact , the German government that designed the classic flieger watch dial and provided the specs to manufacturers including Laco-Durowe .
Most of this history can be found online with only minimal effort , though the details of exactly who did what and precisely when tend to vary . There is no question , however , that the Laco-Durowe pilot 's watches produced during the war were indeed manufactured by Uncle Ludwig , as their name is printed on the presentation boxes of that era .
The semantics of history aside , at this point in the story , the most important thing to me and to my father was to uncover one critical detail : “ who 's in charge now ? ” As has been the case with so many other well-known names in watchmaking , it is often the name alone that has survived , bought up by clever entrepreneurs who capitalize on some impressive historical tale .
While my dad set about their investigation , I was amazed to discover the broad presence of Laco time pieces and movements littered about our house . An old Laco watch from before World War II sitting in a desk drawer , a Hamilton watch curiously housing a Laco movement lying in a cupboard , not to mention a number of family photos not only with visible Laco timepieces adorning people 's wrists , but of Ludwig Hummel himself , partying with my grandparents and great-grandparents in Germany from the 1920s through the 50s .
As it turns out , Laco 's lineage has remained relatively well condensed since Uncle Ludwig retired around the time of the Quartz Crisis , having sold Laco-Durowe to Timex in 1959 . Erich Lacher , who replaced Ludwig as Frieda 's business partner in 1936 , continued to produce watches with their own company , Erich Lacher Uhrenfabrik , maintaining its local reputation as Laco 's “ little sister. ” In 1988 , the managing partner of Erich Lacher Uhrenfabrik , a gentleman named Horst Günther , managed to acquire the rights to Laco 's name and logo from Timex , thus reuniting the two brands . The company is now run by Mr. Günther 's son , Andreas , who seems well dedicated to honoring the company 's significant history and making sure that “ Made in Germany ” continues to really mean something .
Since Laco 's return to production in 2000–when the company issued a limited series of recreated World War II-era fliegers , complete with Durowe movements and to their original and comically large 55mm proportions–a steady traction seems to have developed in recognizing the historical significance of its aviator line . Still , the real appreciation does seem limited to collectors and enthusiasts , with almost no circulation in the North American market aside from a seller exclusive to eBay and , more recently , Long Island Watch and Watch Mann . One may buy direct from Laco 's evolving website , which is host to a very strong selection of not only classic aviator , marine ( navy ) watches and chronographs , but to a developing line of re-issued vintage designs and some newly commissioned contemporary models reminiscent of Braun or Swatch .
Despite having an apparent offering for everyone ( and in a moderately accessible price range ) , Laco continues to be overshadowed by other historic brands such as Stowa and IWC , which have maintained their presence on the market and managed to build a greater global awareness over time . Stowa , interestingly enough , has apparently resurrected the Durowe name and begun to utilize the newly minted Durowe 7440 movement in its high-end manual winding Marine watches . Ironically , this indirectly makes Stowa somewhat more accurate in its composition than Laco 's present offering , with the descendant of Uncle Ludwig 's German-made movement under the hood , while Laco continues to use rebranded Swiss and Japanese movements .
The truth is , there is that portion of the high-end buying community in which little regard is paid to verifying authenticity , so good looks and a good marketing scheme tend to be justification enough for ostentatiously waving one 's Centurion Card around the jewelry store . Tire-kicking aside , brands like Stowa and Laco thankfully remain in a moderate price range accessible to a much broader range of the financial spectrum . I would suggest that this opens up these significant brands to a large community of individuals whose interest in history overpowers the balance of their checking accounts .
Despite the peaks and valleys of buyouts , pop-up brands and competition from cheap electronic alternatives , I think Uncle Ludwig would be proud to know that their Laco brand has persevered and after only a brief hiatus returned home to Pforzheim to carry on a tradition in the authentic German watchmaking community . True , Laco has come full-circle in falling back on using imported Swiss components , though according to my contacts in the company , special care is taken in assembling movements in-house , and all are emblazoned with Laco 's logo . I am optimistic that the watch buying community will take interest in something deeper than an impressive price-tag and a sassy website , and take stock in owning a real piece of history .
by Christian Kriegeskotte
The majority of the British public is still not convinced that climate change is caused by humans - and many others believe scientists are exaggerating the problem , according to an exclusive poll for The Observer .
The results have shocked campaigners who hoped that doubts would have been silenced by a report last year by more than 2,500 scientists for the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which found a 90 per cent chance that humans were the main cause of climate change and warned that drastic action was needed to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
The findings come just before the release of the government 's long-awaited renewable energy strategy , which aims to cut the UK 's greenhouse gas emissions by 20 per cent over the next 12 years .
The poll , by Ipsos MORI , found widespread contradictions , with some people saying politicians were not doing enough to tackle the problem , even though they were cynical about government attempts to impose regulations or raise taxes . In a sign of the enormous task ahead for those pushing for drastic cuts to carbon emissions , many people said they did not want to restrict their lifestyles and only a small minority believe they need to make 'significant and radical ' changes such as driving and flying less .
'It 's disappointing and the government will be really worried , ' said Jonathon Porritt , chairperson of the government 's Sustainable Development Commission . 'They [ politicians ] need the context in which they 're developing new policies to be a lot stronger and more positive . Otherwise the potential for backlash and unpopularity is considerable . '
There is growing concern that an economic depression and rising fuel and food prices are denting public interest in environmental issues . Some environmentalists blame the public 's doubts on last year 's Channel 4 documentary The Great Global Warming Swindle , and on recent books , including one by Lord Lawson , the former Chancellor , that question the consensus on climate change .
However Professor Bjorn Lomborg , author of The Skeptical Environmentalist , said politicians and campaigners were to blame for over-simplifying the problem by only publicising evidence to support the case . 'Things that we do know - like humans do cause climate change - are being put in doubt , ' said Lomborg . 'If you 're saying , `` We 're not going to tell you the whole truth , but we 're going to ask you to pay up a lot of money , '' people are going to be unsure . '
In response to the poll 's findings , the Department for the Environment issued a statement : 'The IPCC ... concluded the scientific evidence for climate change is clear and it is down to human activities . It is already affecting people 's lives - and the impact will be much greater if we do n't act now . '
Ipsos MORI polled 1,039 adults and found that six out of 10 agreed that 'many scientific experts still question if humans are contributing to climate change ' , and that four out of 10 'sometimes think climate change might not be as bad as people say ' . In both cases , another 20 per cent were not convinced either way . Despite this , three quarters still professed to be concerned about climate change .
Those most worried were more likely to have a degree , be in social classes A or B , have a higher income , said Phil Downing , Ipsos MORI 's head of environmental research .
'People are broadly concerned , but not entirely convinced , ' said Downing . 'Despite many attempts to broaden the environment movement , it does n't seem to have become fully embedded as a mainstream concern , ' they said .
More than half of those polled did not have confidence in international or British political leaders to tackle climate change , but only just over a quarter think it 's too late to stop it . Two thirds want the government to do more but nearly as many said they were cynical about government policies such as green taxes , which they see as 'stealth ' taxes .
“ We all speed . ”
That was a line from an insurance friend this week as I chipped away at what will be the city of Youngstown 's next public relations nightmare . Their truism is why it will be such .
Hundreds of us who drive I-680 have speeding tickets awaiting us from the city of Youngstown . We just do n't know it . We will start to know by Friday .
Almost 1,800 speeding violations have been gathered in two-plus weeks of a new city program launched Aug. 15 to slow down traffic on I-680 and state Route 711 .
Those first violations will finally hit the mail this week . The infractions will date back to your travels through the city since Aug. 18 .
If you are a frequent driver on 680 or 711 , you might have three , four ... or even seven ... fines of $ 100 to $ 150 each coming your way this week . Your chance to get hit once and learn the new system was not a chance you were afforded .
That 's just one of many concerns I have with the city 's new speed-enforcement effort , which , ironically , I actually support .
Our roads do need to be slowed down in places , and the curvy area of 680 is one such area .
This summer , my son 's vehicle broke down along one of the 680 curves . It was somewhat terrifying sitting there watching three lanes of traffic barreling around the turn and seeing their flashing lights at the last moment .
The tow-truck driver was equally unnerved . The normal 5-minute or so paperwork exchange was cut to 5 seconds . They simply said , “ Where do you want it towed ? You 'll find it there ; give me the key and let 's get the hell out of here. ” As they said that , their head peeked over their shoulder almost nonstop watching oncoming traffic . It may have been the fastest tow-truck load I will ever see in my life .
So I agree with slowing down that area of 680 .
But the city has gone awry with its implementation – ignoring all history that has made electronic traffic enforcement so contentious across America .
Ohio itself has been a huge battleground . A judge ordered the removal of a village speed camera and had the sheriff confiscate it . Half the town council of Elmwood Place , Ohio , resigned in protest over excessive use of the cameras – grounding government there to a halt because quorum ceased to exist . And the state Legislature enacted a new law just this March to curb abusive local governments acting in a way that Youngstown is now acting .
Given that history , the city is either plain ignorant or grossly arrogant in its actions .
What Youngstown has implemented – automated speeding-ticket cameras that are hand-held by cops – appears to be the first in Ohio , based on Google News searches . It is legal based on the new March law that banned unmanned traffic enforcement . But the Youngstown effort likely violates the intent of the March legislation – which was to make ticketing manual so as to deter mass ticketing , surprise citations weeks later , lame due-process for drivers and greedy cash grabs by local governments .
The judge mentioned earlier called the village 's traffic actions a scam as low as street-level three-card monty .
That is why Youngstown will fail and most certainly get the camera-cautious state officials back to the drawing board .
The breakdown :
The city has written enough speeding tickets on 680 and 711 in three weeks to almost equal all speeding tickets written in the entire city for all of 2013 and 2014 – combined !
The city had a warning plan to alert drivers to the system . For the first 15 days of August , violators were just issued warnings from the automated system . That system failed . I know . I was photographed speeding Aug. 6 . But the warning letter arrived at my home Aug. 26 – 12 days after the city fine system ignited .
I was shot doing 63 mph in the 50-mph zone . This standard also will aggravate “ violators . ”
The 50 mph on 680 might be the Valley 's worst speed cap – maybe second to driving 35 mph on Western Reserve Road .
Yes – the 680 section is notorious . Its curves might make it the most poorly routed interstate stretch in the U.S. ( I-40 in the Smokeys ; I-77 past Wheeling ; then I-680 ) . Add to the curves that there are 27 on- and off-ramps in this limited area , and it is not a section that is safe at 65 mph .
But to mark it at 50 mph is 1960-like . When will Barney Fife pull me over ?
This week , knowing I was to tackle this topic , I drove 680 at 50 mph about six times . Sleepy , useless and vulnerable , it felt . I passed no one , and about 1 percent of traffic was with me . Everything else passed me easily . And I probably antagonized 30 percent of the traffic .
The road is 55 mph at least . Even 60 mph can be argued – if officials would dare close a ramp or two in the name of safety .
At 50 mph , it means tickets at 58-63 mph – the present pace of most drivers . That will cause driver rash .
Driver rash is ultimately what will undermine Youngstown 's plan regardless of how stubborn Police Chief Robin Lees remains – as they have been in justifying nearly 2,000 tickets in 15 days .
All the places that had automated tickets were no doubt just as defiant . And many systems came down by pressured council , activist lawyers or more empowered judges and state legislators .
To lose Youngstown 's system outright would be unfortunate . Automated ticketing is a great tool . There are many people on our roads driving 15 , 20 and 25 mph over the limit .
But 2,000 tickets , especially to drivers in the 10-15 mph range , is not “ serving and protecting . ”
It 's ultimately not the ticket volume that sinks agencies , based on all the stories of the government battles . It 's the resulting revenues . At $ 100 to $ 150 per incident , it comes off purely as a cash grab – police profit , not police protection .
Citizen ire is enhanced by the reality that the camera manufacturer earns income off each fine as well . Imagine a siren company or Billy Club-maker profiting each time their devices were used .
The conservative guess right now is the city 's first two weeks netted $ 175,000 based on the $ 100 minimum ticket . The grab is likely north of $ 200,000 knowing there are $ 150 tickets in there , too .
When the first report comes at month 's end – at this pace – expect the first month 's haul to be $ 400,000 . And of that , $ 132,000 will go to the Maryland camera company . That makes for a great month for it and three of the most expensive cameras and software support known to humankind . Bill Gates should service them for that kind of fee .
And that 's where a good tool will start to lose favor .
It is bullying . And all bullies eventually lose – even if they have badges and great technology .
The city had a chance to do it right , given all the history of this technology , and they failed .
What I would consider better :
Lessen the fines .
Use the camera not for the most speeders but for the worst .
Cap how much the private company earns .
All city funds go to fund the Mill Creek sewer fix .
More city streets get protected . Have you driven Market or Glenwood or Fifth ?
In one town , shoppers avoided the stores and restaurants out of fear of the electronic bullying , and the merchants pounced on council to ease up .
Not too impossible to have happened here .
Todd Franko is editor of The Vindicator . They like emails about stories and our newspaper . Email them at tfranko @ vindy.com . They blog , too , on Vindy.com . Tweet him , too , at @ tfranko .
The Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) was passed against a backdrop of decades of rapid growth in health care spending , and one of the ACA 's key goals was to root out serious inefficiencies in the United States health care system that increase costs and compromise patients ' quality of care . Recent data show that health care spending and prices are growing at their slowest rates in decades ; it appears that something has changed for the better . While this marked slowdown likely has many causes , and these causes are not yet fully understood , the available evidence suggests that the ACA is contributing to these trends , and , moreover , is helping to improve quality of care for patients . Today the White House Council of Economic Advisers released a new report analyzing recent trends in health costs , the forces driving those trends , and their likely economic benefits . Read the full report here .
Key points in today 's report from the Council of Economic Advisers :
1 . Health care spending is growing at the slowest rate on record : According to the most recent projections , real per capita health care spending has grown at an estimated average annual rate of just 1.3 percent over the three years since 2010 . This is the lowest rate on record for any three-year period and less than one-third the long-term historical average stretching back to 1965 . This slower growth in spending is reflected in Medicare , Medicaid , and private insurance .
2 . Health care price inflation is at its lowest rate in 50 years : Measured using personal consumption expenditure price indices , inflation for health care goods and services is currently running at just 1 percent on a year-over-year basis , the lowest level since January 1962 . ( Health care inflation measured using the medical CPI is lower than at any time since September 1972 . )
3 . The slowdown in health care cost growth is not due solely to the Great Recession ; something has changed : The fact that the health cost slowdown has persisted so long even as the economy is recovering , the fact that it is reflected in health care prices – not just utilization or coverage , and the fact that it has also shown up in Medicare – which is more insulated from economic trends , all imply that the current slowdown is the result of more than just the recession and its aftermath . Rather , the slowdown appears to reflect “ structural ” changes in the United States health care system , a conclusion consistent with a substantial body of recent research .
4 . The ACA is contributing to the recent slow growth in health care prices and spending and is improving quality of care : ACA provisions that reduce Medicare overpayments to private insurers and medical providers are contributing to the recent slow growth in health care prices and spending . Other ACA reforms are reducing hospital readmission rates ( see figure below ) and increasing provider participation in payment models designed to promote efficient , high-quality care .
Source : Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , Offices of Enterprise Management . Notes : A small number of claims for recent months have not yet been submitted . The estimates reported for recent months reflect the output of a CMS statistical model that accounts for this incomplete reporting . The dotted blue lines depict the range in which the final estimates are likely to fall once complete data are available , based on the output of the statistical model .
Intriguingly , recent economic research suggests that the ACA 's reforms to Medicare may have “ spillover effects ” that reduce costs and improve quality system-wide , not just in Medicare . Accounting for “ spillover effects ” of the ACA 's reductions in Medicare overpayments suggests that the ACA has reduced health care price inflation by 0.5 percent per year since 2010 , which represents a substantial fraction of the recent slowdown in health care price growth .
5 . Slower growth in health care costs , thanks in part to the ACA , is likely to have substantial benefits for the Nation 's economy :
The recent slow growth in health care spending has substantially improved the long-term Federal budget outlook : The Congressional Budget Office has reduced its projections of future Medicare and Medicaid spending in 2020 by $ 147 billion ( 0.6 percent of GDP ) since August 2010 . This represents about a 10 percent reduction in projected spending on these programs . These revisions primarily reflect the recent slow growth in health care spending .
Source : Congressional Budget Office projections . Notes : Medicare outlays reflect spending net of offsetting receipts . Figures for the May 2013 projections reflect CBO 's initially published projections , which did not account for recent NIPA revisions .
In the short run , slower growth in health spending is a positive for employment : The slow growth in health care costs has reduced employers ' benefit costs , increasing firms ' incentives to hire additional workers . Available estimates suggest that these gains could be substantial , although their magnitude is uncertain .
Over the long run , slower growth in health spending translates directly into higher wages and living standards : If just half the recent slowdown in spending can be sustained , health care spending a decade from now will be lower by $ 1,400 per person , a benefit that workers will realize in the form of higher wages and that federal and state governments will realize in the form of lower costs .
This is a rush transcript . Copy may not be in its final form .
AARON MATÉ : During a three-month span in 2011 , U.S. drones killed four American citizens overseas . On Sept. 30th , cleric Anwar al-Awlaki and Samir Khan were killed in a drone strike in Yemen . Two weeks later , another U.S. drone killed Anwar 's 16-year-old son , Abdulrahman , in Yemen . A month later , a U.S. citizen named Jude Kenan Mohammad was killed in Pakistan .
For the past two-and-a-half years , the Obama administration has kept secret its legal rationale for killing American citizens overseas . That changed on Monday , when a federal court released a heavily redacted 41-page memo . It concludes the 2001 Authorization to Use Military Force gave the U.S. government the authority to target Anwar al-Awlaki , who the Obama administration claims had joined al-Qaeda . The Justice Department memo states , quote , “ We believe that the A.U.M.F . 's authority to use lethal force abroad also may apply in appropriate circumstances to a United States citizen who is part of the forces of an enemy . ”
AMY GOODMAN : The memo goes on say the U.S. could use lethal force against a U.S. citizen when high-level government officials have determined a capture operation is infeasible and that the targeted person is engaged in activities that pose a continued and imminent threat to U.S. persons or interests . The memo also states the U.S. Constitution would not require the government to provide , quote , “ further process , ” such as advance notice [ or ] a court hearing before carrying out a deadly strike on a U.S. citizen . The memo was written on July 16 , 2010 , months after the first known U.S. attempt to kill Anwar al-Awlaki .
On Capitol Hill , Senator Ron Wyden praised the release of the memo but said it raises many questions . Wyden asked , quote , “ How much evidence does the president need to determine that a particular American is a legitimate target for military action ? Can the president strike an American anywhere in the world ? ” they asked .
The memo was authored by former Obama Justice Department official David Barron . Last month , the Senate confirmed Barron 's nomination to the First Circuit Court of Appeals .
Earlier this year , a federal appeals court ordered the memo 's disclosure in response to lawsuits filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and The New York Times .
To discuss the significance of the memo , we 're joined by Hina Shamsi , director of the American Civil Liberties Union 's National Security Project .
Welcome to Democracy Now ! So you got what you wanted : You got the memo . What do you find most significant inside it ?
HINA SHAMSI : Well , Amy , this memo 's release is long overdue . It 's critically important for transparency . But as we see from reading the memo itself , it 's by far from enough . And there are a couple of things that I think are most important . One is both what 's in the memo , and , two , what 's surprisingly not in the memo .
With respect to what 's in the memo , as you said earlier , the justification for the killing of a U.S. citizen largely relies on the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force . Now , that authorization has to be read alongside the international law that regulates when the United States and any other country is or is not in an armed conflict . And one of the key things that this memo does is that it says that some of the limitations on when an armed conflict exists do n't have to apply . So it says that the things that we think of and that the law recognizes—you know , a certain level of duration of hostilities , a certain level of intensity of hostilities—those do n't have to be present . In essence , it reads away any kind of territorial limitation or temporal limitation for when war exists . And this has been one of the things we and others have been so long concerned about , which is the Obama administration 's broad interpretation of law of war authority , even when that does not exist .
AARON MATÉ : Can you talk about what the memo says about imminence ? That 's such a key issue , is whether or not the target constitutes an imminent threat to the U.S .
HINA SHAMSI : And that 's one of the surprising aspects of the memo , because the concept of imminence , or what we 've heard of earlier as a continuing imminent threat , is barely discussed in it , at least in the versions that have been made public . And this is critically important for at least a couple of reasons . First of all , the white paper that was earlier released , or leaked , that talked about the administration 's definition of a continuing imminent threat , said that the threat did not have to include specific evidence of a plot that was actually about to take place in the immediate future . So , the real-world meaning of imminence is read away . And the memo itself—again , at least in the parts that have been disclosed—does not discuss this controversial , novel interpretation , nor does it discuss how that interpretation could possibly be lawful .
AMY GOODMAN : Can you talk about the redaction in the footnotes ? Why is this so significant ?
HINA SHAMSI : There are multiple redactions in this memo . The largest chunks of redactions are , we know from reading the court 's opinion , with respect to the factual basis for the administration 's determination that it could carry out this killing . There 's also a set of redactions in the footnotes that appear to be about the legal justifications . And two key aspects again here . One is that without knowing the factual basis for why these killings are lawful , we do n't know whether they are in fact lawful . Repeatedly , the memo 's authors say that the legal conclusions are based on factual representations made by the CIA , by the Department of Defense and the intelligence community . It also says that senior intelligence officials can make the determination about whether facts are justified to permit the killing . And this shows you just how dangerous it is not to have any independent judicial review before or after the fact , which is what the administration has argued and what this memo seeks to justify .
AMY GOODMAN : Are there secret laws ?
HINA SHAMSI : You know , I think that there are still secret interpretations of the law . One of the aspects we 've thought has long existed is multiple legal memos . We know from Senate Intelligence Committee disclosures that there are approximately 11 legal memos governing the targeted killing program . Four of those apparently relate to citizens ; the others apparently relate to noncitizens . This is a body of legal interpretation by the administration about when it can exercise perhaps the most consequential authority of all—killing of people , including its own citizens . And we do not yet have access to this body of information .
This is one of the things that the court has sent back to the district court , additional review of additional secret memos that we are seeking the release of . But , you know , the administration does not have to wait , as it did here , to be ordered by a court to release information that should be public . It can go ahead and follow through on promises of transparency and provide the legal interpretations , as well as basic information about noncitizens . Thousands of noncitizens have been killed in this program , and yet we do not know , officially , the number of noncitizens , their identity or the legal justifications for them .
AMY GOODMAN : Is there an explanation of Abdulrahman Awlaki , the 16-year-old boy that was born in Denver , who was out actually looking in the desert for their dad and was killed two weeks after their father was killed ?
HINA SHAMSI : There is no mention of Abdulrahman al-Awlaki . And Abdulrahman , of course , had no idea where their father was , because they were killed hundreds of miles away . But I think that 's an important part of what remains undisclosed . The memo itself says that , you know , in essence , efforts will be made to keep all civilian bystander casualties to a minimum , and those are policy pronouncements that the Obama administration 's senior administration officials have made over and over again . Yet we know from independent reporting and independent investigations from human rights groups that , in fact , at least hundreds of people who are civilian bystanders have died in this program , and we have no basis or way of understanding what the reasons were that they were killed . And certainly none of these people have been afforded any recognition , let alone compensation , by our government for wrongful killings .
AARON MATÉ : You mentioned noncitizens . And so much of the debate has been around whether Americans have the right to be killed without due process . But is there any indication that noncitizens have these rights , or is there any acknowledgment in any U.S. government document that noncitizens have these rights ?
HINA SHAMSI : Well , of course , noncitizens and citizens have the same rights under international law , and we believe those rights are reflected in the human rights provisions of our Constitution . The administration has taken policy positions about what legal—what standards would be applicable to noncitizens . But here again , we go back to the lack of transparency . There are apparently seven memos that relate to the killings of noncitizens , although the administration itself has not confirmed that . And as much and as necessary as it is to know what standards apply to citizens , we also equally need to know what standards apply to noncitizens .
AMY GOODMAN : So where do you go from here ?
HINA SHAMSI : We go in a number of different places . First , aspects of this case are going to go back to the court in New York , and we 're going to continue fighting for release of additional information , legal memos , factual basis . We have a second lawsuit in the District of Columbia , where we 're seeking information not just about citizens , but noncitizens , and the use of drones strikes with respect to noncitizens . But again , I think what 's really important is that the administration does not have to wait for the ACLU or The New York Times or anyone else . It can act and follow through on its promises of transparency , and it should do so .
AMY GOODMAN : We want to thank you for being with us , Hina Shamsi , director of the America Civil Liberties Union 's National Security Project .
When we come back , something like 1,500 to 3,000 water consumers in Detroit a month—a week are having their water shut off . Stay with us .
Codi Wilson , CP24.com
The RCMP is looking to identify two men who investigators say may be able to assist police with an ongoing investigation into a suspicious incident near the Rogers Centre in August .
In a news release sent out Wednesday , the RCMP said on Aug. 31 at around 3:30 p.m. , a passerby noticed two men exhibiting suspicious behaviour on the John Street Bridge near the Rogers Centre
Information about the incident was then passed on to local police , who submitted a “ Suspicious Incident Report ” ( SIR ) to the RCMP 's National Critical Infrastructure Team .
Officials would not release any more information on exactly what the two males were seen doing but the RCMP said the SIR is used to collect information on incidents that may be related to national security .
The two men are described as being between the ages of 20 and 30 with a medium build and brown skin .
One of the men was seen wearing a green and white striped shirt with red trim , blue jeans , blue Adidas shoes with yellow laces and a watch . They were carrying a backpack and sunglasses .
The second man , police say , was reportedly wearing a blue and yellow striped shirt with some purple stripes , dark blue jeans , blue Puma shoes with yellow laces , a watch and sunglasses that were hanging on their shirt buttons .
More information may be released Thursday morning during a media availability with RCMP Supt . Lise Crouch .
Rich , fudgy and totally addictive , these Cadbury creme eggs brownies will be the first to disappear from your Easter table . The ultimate Easter dessert !
There 's a new movie coming up this Easter season . Very similar with Charlie and the Chocolate Factory only this one is called Roxana and the Cadbury Creme Eggs Factory .
If I have to pick one candy I 'm most looking forward to Easter it 's definitely the Cadbury Creme Eggs . I love the creaminess inside the chocolate shell . I wish they make this ginormous egg so I can eat the filling with the spoon and call it dinner .
Wrap around the creme eggs rich , fudgy brownie batter . Oh , yes ! I did it ! And let me tell you , way better than eating the eggs all by themselves .
To make these brownies start by melting the chocolate . Once the chocolate is slightly melted , set aside and in a mixing bowl cream the sugar and butter . Beat in the melted chocolate , egg and flour and spread the brownie batter on the bottom of a baking pan . Gently press the mini Cadburry creme eggs inside the brownie batter ( the regular size Cadbury eggs are a little too big )
Bake , let cool and enjoy . It 's that simple !
The results are out of this world good . The outside forms a thin hard shell , the best part of the brownie if you ask me , and the inside is fudgy and totally addictive . The Cadbury eggs soften but still hold their shape .
The recipe was first published on my friend Valerie 's blog
Cadbury creme egg brownies Yields 16 squares Rich , fudgy , irresistible and totally addictive brownies with Cadbury Creme Eggs baked inside . 10 minPrep Time 30 minCook Time 1 hr , 30 Total Time Save Recipe Print Recipe My Recipes My Lists My Calendar Ingredients 3 oz semi-sweet chocolate chips
1/2 cup ( 113 grams ) butter , room temperature
1/2 cup ( 100 grams ) brown sugar
1 egg
1 cup ( 120 grams ) all-purpose flour
1/2 tsp baking powder
18-20 mini Cadbury creme eggs , unwrapped Instructions Heat the oven to 350F . Line an 8X8 inch baking pan with parchment paper . Melt the chocolate chips in a microwave self bowl or double boiler . Stir until smooth and combined . In a mixing bowl , with the paddle attachment on , cream the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy , about 2 minutes . Add the egg and stir well . With the mixer on low speed , pour in the melted chocolate . Slowly add the flour mixed with baking powder . Spread the batter on the bottom of the prepared pan and press in the the Cadbury creme eggs . Bake for about 30 minutes or until the top is set and firm to touch . Let cool completely before cutting into bars . Enjoy ! 7.6.8 434 http : //atreatsaffair.com/cadbury-creme-egg-brownies/ Roxana Yawgel http : //atreatsaffair.com/ All images and content are copyright protected . Please do not use my images without prior permission . If you want to republish this recipe , please re-write the recipe in your own words , or simply link back to this post for the recipe . Thank you .
If you enjoyed these Cadbury creme egg brownies you may also like
Brownie Bottom Cheesecake
Espresso Brownies with Espresso Frosting
Cadbury Brownies
Sending love your way ,
Roxana
Everything You Need to Know About Thanos
Everything You Need to Know About Thanos
Share . Black Panther , Stan Lee , and more ! Black Panther , Stan Lee , and more !
Warning : this article contains spoilers for Avengers : Age of Ultron .
Another comic book movie means another batch of Easter eggs , references and trivia . Check out our 9 favorite hidden gems from Avengers : Age of Ultron , then head to our wiki to add the ones you found .
Avengers : Age of Ultron Review
Crimson Cowl
The red cloak Ultron wears is a nod to their first comic book appearance in Avengers # 54 as the Crimson Cowl .
Also , that version of Ultron was Ultron-5 , and we get a nod to that when we see it 's the # 5 Iron Legion drone that becomes Ultron in the movie .
Stan Lee Cameo
Marvel Comics legend and Avengers co-creator Stan Lee has a cameo as a war veteran at the Avengers Tower party . They even get drunk and says their signature phrase , “ Excelsior ! ”
If Cap Be Worthy
Also during the party , Captain America is able to move Thor 's hammer just a nudge . At times in the comics , he 's able to lift if fully .
Exit Theatre Mode
Comic Book Source Material
Age of Ultron is a completely different story in the comic -- one that barely features Ultron , if you can believe it . The movie gets its main inspiration from Ultron Unlimited ( where many Ultrons ravage a foreign nation ) , Avengers # 16 ( where Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver turn from terrorists to heroes ) , and The Invincible Iron Man , Vol . 3 # 26-30 ( where Iron Man 's armor gains deadly AI ) .
Black Panther Setup
Ulysses Klaw gets their arm chopped off , setting them up to become Black Panther villain Klaw , who has a sonic weapon where their hand used to be .
Speaking of Black Panther , who is getting their own movie in 2018 , Bruce Banner mentions Wakanda , the nation that Black Panther rules as king .
Could A 2-Year-Old Boy Be 'Patient Zero ' For The Ebola Outbreak ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Misha Hussain /Reuters /Landov Misha Hussain /Reuters /Landov
Back in early December , a little boy in southern Guinea caught a mysterious disease . They had a fever , was vomiting and had blood in their stool .
The boy died a few days later . Before they did , they passed the disease to their 3-year-old sister , their mother , their grandmother and a midwife . The latter was eventually hospitalized in Gueckedou , a nearby city of 200,000 people .
Enlarge this image toggle caption SEYLLOU/AFP/Getty Images SEYLLOU/AFP/Getty Images
By March , the disease spread to four cities . And international health officials realized they had an Ebola outbreak on their hands . The virus quickly spilled over into Sierra Leone , Liberia and Nigeria . Now more 1,400 have died in the outbreak , the World Health Organization says .
Back in April , an international team of scientists reported in The New England Journal of Medicine that this little boy , just 2 years old , likely triggered the entire Ebola outbreak in Guinea .
Some called the boy `` patient zero . '' But others think their story offers insights to how the outbreak grew so fast .
`` There is a physician that started to draw that chain of transmission , that went all the way to two kids — 2 years old , 3 years old , '' says Pierre Rollin , an infectious disease doctor with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . They just returned to the U.S. from Guinea .
Rollin thinks these two kids were likely early cases of the outbreak but not the first cases . `` Lots of people are talking about patient zero , '' Rollin says . `` It 's not patient zero . It 's [ that ] the chain stopped there [ at the boy ] because we can not find anybody else or nobody can remember anything . ''
To find the origin of the outbreak , a team with Doctors Without Borders went to Gueckedou and interviewed people whose relatives had died of what looked like Ebola . `` So it was a virtual chain , '' Rollin says . None of the cases were confirmed in the lab . And by the time researchers reached people , many had a hard time remembering what had happened months ago .
But one thing is now clear , Rollin says : The entire outbreak in West Africa likely started with only one person , who caught the virus from a sick animal . Maybe a bat . Or another animal that had been infected by a bat .
`` So we think that there was only one introduction [ from animals ] and then from that it went from human to human to human , '' Rollin says .
Scientists figured this out in two ways . First , every person they know who has been infected with Ebola , so far , has had contact with somebody else with the disease .
`` We always find a link with someone else who had been sick , '' Rollin says . `` You always find this chain , '' they added . So the virus is n't just popping up seemingly randomly .
Then there 's the DNA evidence . Scientists have analyzed the genetic fingerprints of the virus in Sierra Leone and in Guinea . `` It looks like they 're either the same or very related , '' Rollin says .
That match also suggests that there are n't hundreds of bat colonies swarming around West Africa infecting people . Instead there was just one source of the virus that infected a person way back in December , or possibly earlier .
If that 's the case , it means people in Guinea were getting Ebola and did n't realize it . That seems a bit surprising . How can you have Ebola and not realize it ?
There 's actually a good reason . Another disease in West Africa has symptoms similar to Ebola . It 's called Lassa Fever . It can even cause bleeding in the eyes , gums and nose .
`` Around five years ago , I was doing a study with a colleague from the U.S. Army , where we were looking at patients admitted for suspected Lassa fever , [ but ] who tested negative for Lassa , '' says Joseph Fair , an infectious disease doctor who works in Sierra Leone .
Fair and theirs colleague found that many of these patients had common viruses , like West Nile , yellow fever and dengue .
`` But what was interesting is we did find two individuals — and that was up to five years ago — with recent exposure to Ebola Zaire , '' Fair says .
That 's the type of Ebola causing the outbreak right now . The team found only two patients with signs of a previous Ebola Zaire infection . But with the recent outbreak in region , that finding likely means that Ebola has been hiding out in animals in West Africa for years now .
And it was waiting for just the right moment — and the right person — to launch an outbreak .
The CEO of the world 's largest asset manager sees `` huge opportunities '' for cryptocurrencies – but argues that work needs to be done before they become more widely accepted .
In a new interview with Bloomberg TV , BlackRock chief Larry Fink said that he 's a `` big believer '' , but that the current market today is primarily focused on speculation . Their comments come months after the firm 's chief strategist said that , to him , the cryptocurrency market charts at the time looked `` pretty scary . ''
Fink said in the interview :
`` Related to cryptocurrencies , I 'm a big believer in the potential of what a cryptocurrency can do . You see huge opportunities , but what we 're talking about today , it 's much more of a speculative platform , people are speculating on it . ''
Fink added that , thus far , their firm has n't seen much interest from clients beyond `` some speculative stuff '' – a notable comment given that firms like Goldman Sachs are reportedly eyeing new trading services around cryptocurrencies .
`` We 're being asked that question but it 's more of a venture capital type of interchange , but we 're not hearing clients say 'we want to use this as an asset class ' , '' they said .
And while cryptocurrencies ' speculative nature is an issue for him , Fink argued their most important problem is that they are being utilized to launder money .
`` As I said , it 's much more of a speculative platform for Asia , and it 's heavily used for money laundering , '' Fink told Bloomberg .
Coindesk
Scots ( Scots Leid / Lallans )
Scots is a West Germanic language is spoken by about 1.5 million people in Scotland , and also Northern Ireland , where it is known as Ulster Scots or Ullans . Scots is descended from the language of the Angles who settled in northern Britain , in an area now known as Northumbria and southern Scotland , in the 5th century AD . The language was originally known as 'Inglis ' and has been influenced by Gaelic , Norse , Latin , Dutch , Norman French , Standard French and English .
Scots at a glance Native names : Scots Leid / Lallans [ skɔts leid ; lo̜ːlən ( d ) z/ˈlɑːlənz ; ]
: Scots Leid / Lallans [ skɔts leid ; lo̜ːlən ( d ) z/ˈlɑːlənz ; ] Linguistic affliation : Indo-European , Germanic , West Germanic , Anglo-Frisian , Anglic , Scots
: Indo-European , Germanic , West Germanic , Anglo-Frisian , Anglic , Scots Number of speakers : c. 1.5 million
: c. 1.5 million Spoken in : Scotland and Northern Ireland
: Scotland and Northern Ireland First written : 11th century
: 11th century Writing system : Latin alphabets
: Latin alphabets Status : classified as a `` traditional language '' by the Scottish Government , and as a `` regional or minorty language '' under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages
By the 14th century Scots was the main language of Scotland and was used in literature , education , government and in legal documents . This was the period when Scots literature began to take off and notable literary works include Barbour 's Brus , Whyntoun 's Kronykil and Blin Harry 's Wallace .
After the union of the Scottish and English parliaments in 1707 , English became the language of government and of polite society in Scotland , though the vast majority of people continued to speak Scots . English also began to replace Scots as the main written language in Scotland .
Since the 1990s there has been limited use of Scots in education , the media and in literature . In 1983 a Scots translation of the New Testament was published and 1985 the saw the publication of the SNDA 's Concise Scots Dictionary .
Scots is also known as braid Scots , Doric , Scotch or Lallans . Some people classify it as a dialect of English , and while it is closely related to English dialects spoken in Northumbria , it has had it 's own literary tradition since the 14th century .
The UK government accepts Scots as a regional language under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages , and the Scottish Executive recognises and respects Scots ( in all its forms ) as a distinct language , and does not consider the use of Scots to be an indication of poor competence in English .
Scots alphabet
Notes
The last letter , usually referred to as yogh , still appears in Scots personal and place names , though is usually written Z z . This has lead to the spelling-based pronunciations of names like Menzies [ mɛnziz ] - should be [ mɪŋʌs ] , Dalziel [ dɪjəɫ ] and Monzie [ mɔne ]
] - should be [ ] , Dalziel [ ] and Monzie [ ] The names of the letters and these notes come from Chris Robinson of Scottish Language Dictionaries .
There is considerable variation in the way Scots is written and pronounced throughout Scotland and there is no standard spelling system . See : www.scots-online.org for more information .
Scots pronunciation
Notes
t can become a glottal stop [ ʔ ] between vowels or word finally
In northern dialects kn can be pronounced [ kn ] or [ tn ] and gn as [ gn ]
wh is pronounced [ ʍ ] , or [ xʍ ] by older speakers . In northern dialects , such as in Aberdeen , it can be pronounced [ f ]
wr can be pronounced [ vr ] in northern dialects
Sample text in Scots
The Scots Leid Associe wis foondit in 1972 an ettles tae fordle Scots in leeteratur , drama , the media , eddication an in ilka day uiss . Akis Scots wis ance the state langage o Scotland , it 's a vailid pairt o wir heirskip an the associe taks tent tae the fact that it shoud can tak its steid as a langage o Scotland , alang wi Gaelic an Inglis .
Translation
The Scots Language Society was founded in 1972 and exists to promote Scots in literature , drama , the media , education and in every day usage . Since Scots was once the state language of Scotland , it is a valid part of our heritage and the society recognises that it should be able to take its place as a language of Scotland , along with Gaelic and English .
Another sample text in Scots
Aw human sowels is born free and equal in dignity and richts . They are tochered wi mense and conscience and shuld guide theirsels ane til ither in a speirit o britherheid .
( Airticle 1 o the Universal Declaration o Human Richts )
Translation
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood .
( Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights )
Videos in and about Scots
If you find this difficult to understand , I have translated into English .
Information about Scots | Phrases | Numbers | Time | Learning materials
Links
Information about Scots
http : //www.scots-online.org
http : //www.lowlands-l.net/anniversary/scots-info.php
http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scots_language
http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modern_Scots
https : //sites.google.com/site/scotsthreip/
http : //mindyerlanguage.scot
Scots phrases
http : //www.linguanaut.com/english_scots.htm
http : //www.scots-online.org/grammar/goamins.htm
Scots Dictionaries
http : //www.dsl.ac.uk
http : //www.scots-online.org/dictionary/
Articles in Scots
http : //www.thenational.scot/author/rab_wilson
Scotstext - a collection of poetry and other writing in Scots
http : //www.scotstext.org
The Scots Language Centre
http : //www.scotslanguage.com
The Scots Leid Associe / The Scots Language Society
http : //www.lallans.co.uk
Scots Education Resources
http : //www.scotseducation.co.uk
Scottish Corpus of Texts and Speech
http : //www.scottishcorpus.ac.uk
Scottish Language Dictionaries
http : //www.sldl.org.uk
Itchy Coo - Braw Books for Bairns o Aw Ages
http : //www.itchy-coo.com
Germanic languages
Afrikaans , Alsatian , Bavarian , Cimbrian , Danish , Dutch , Elfdalian , English , Faroese , Flemish , German , Gothic , Gottscheerish , Hunsrik , Icelandic , Limburgish , Low German , Luxembourgish , Mòcheno , Norn , North Frisian , Norwegian , Old English , Old Norse , Pennsylvania German , Ripuarian , Saterland Frisian , Scots , Shetland ( ic ) , Stellingwarfs , Swedish , Swiss German , Värmlandic , West Frisian , Wymysorys , Yiddish , Zeelandic
Other languages written with the Latin alphabet
If you need to type in many different languages , the Q International Keyboard can help . If enables you to type almost any language that uses the Latin , Cyrillic or Greek alphabets , and is free .
If you like this site and find it useful , you can support it by making a donation , or by contributing in other ways . Omniglot is how I make my living .
Share . All of Peter 's Dinklage 's lines will be removed . All of Peter 's Dinklage 's lines will be removed .
Bungie has revealed it 's recast the role of Ghost in Destiny .
Game Informer reports video game acting legend Nolan North was brought in to do the voice of the players ' AI Companion in upcoming expansion The Taken King but , after seeing how well they did the job , they have now re-recorded all of Dinklage 's existing dialogue .
Exit Theatre Mode
“ We wanted Nolan North 's version of the Ghost to wake you up at the start of the journey at level one and follow you all the way to level forty , ” said creative director Luke Smith , so while the script has not been changed , Dinklage 's dulcet tones are no more .
Exit Theatre Mode
“ They really wanted me to put my stamp on it , ” North said . “ They let me bring what I wanted to the role . You have to give it your own spin . For that reason , I specifically said I did n't want to hear anything that someone else had done , so that I did n't have some preconceived notion of what it has to be . Instead , I just gave it my stamp , and let them direct me accordingly . ”
Dinklage faced a lot of criticism for their unenthusiastic performance in Destiny , so the fact Bungie decided to replace them with someone slightly more familiar with the requirements of video game voice acting is n't a huge surprise .
Luke Karmali is IGN 's UK News Editor . You too can revel in mediocrity by following them on Twitter .
On January 19th , politicians from both sides of the isle , corporations and institutions around the country will be celebrating one of the great leaders of this country . Unfortunately , every year the celebration of this holiday feels like a disservice to their legacy . Every year , it feels like Martin Luther King Jr. 's legacy has been watered-down and appropriated , used to benefit whatever political motive people may have .
For the past several years , the city of Oakland has had a tradition of gathering citizens to walk around low-income neighborhoods picking up litter from the streets . The same streets where police violence is common place . The same streets where gun violence is a daily occurrence . The same streets where homeless people sleep , where people are being displaced from their homes , where young people are being lost to drugs , where women are being trafficked .
You wonder what King would have thought about those issues , the issues that they were working on during their life . Yet in their absence , we go about our day , celebrating work that happened 50 years ago and remembering that they had this nice dream one night .
And that is a shame . That is a disservice .
We are not celebrating Martin Luther King Jr. by picking up trash while ignoring the fact that black lives are being treated like trash by state institutions . No , we are “ remembering ” a whitewashed and “ Mcdonald-ified ” version of King , as someone recently said at a # blacklivesmatter meeting . We are remembering a false narrative , an image of King who simply wanted people to hold hands and light candles .
We are not remembering the radical , militant King who organized to demand justice . We are not remembering the King who called the American government the “ greatest purveyor of violence in the world. ” We are not remembering the King who called for a movement that was “ nonviolent , but militant , and as dramatic , as dislocative , as disruptive , as attention-getting as the riots . ”
But this Martin Luther King Jr. Day , 2015 , things may finally look different . This year , young black leaders in Ferguson and beyond have put out a call to organize a weekend of disruptions to “ reclaim ” the legacy of Dr. King . To remember that they were nonviolent and motivated by Agape love , but also radical in their politics and militant in their tactics .
The Militant King
We all remember the “ I Have a Dream ” speech , and that speech gets played ( out ) in every school across America . But we forget that at the time of their murder , they were organizing the Poor People 's Campaign . We forget that part of the Campaign was an effort to call on poor people of all races from around the country to come to Washington DC and create an encampment on the national mall , and to use this “ resurrection city ” as the hub of operations for a mass campaign of civil disobedience that would shut down the entire city , to “ cripple the operations of an oppressive society . ”
Had they not been shot , and had the Poor People 's Campaign gone off in the way they envisioned it , it would have created mass disruptions and inconvenienced a lot of people . And as the # blacklivesmatter movement continues to put pressure on an “ oppressive society , ” it is imperative for a country that so often uses King as a moral compass to remember that King was not afraid of confrontation , and that nonviolence is not afraid of tension and disruption .
King once wrote that , “ Nonviolent direct action seeks to create such a crisis and establish such creative tension that a community that has constantly refused to negotiate is forced to confront the issue . It seeks so to dramatize the issue that it can no longer be ignored . ”
After 500 years of slavery , lynchings , Jim Crow , redlining and mass incarceration , this country still witnesses the killing of a black man by law enforcement , security guard or vigilante every 28 hours . According to Michelle Alexander , author of “ The New Jim Crow , ” that is about the same rate as lynchings during its peak .
If people feel like the actions that may take place over Martin Luther King Day weekend are causing a disruption , we need to acknowledge that that 's the point .
500 years of progress , and still a murder of a black life every 28 hours . That qualifies as a country that has “ constantly refused to negotiate. ” And the disruptions and inconveniences are designed to make people uncomfortable , to dramatize this issue and force the country to deal with this epidemic in a real , meaningful way .
For those who say that these actions are causing tension , King wrote that , “ we who engage in nonviolent direct action are not the creators of tension . We merely bring to the surface the hidden tension that is already alive . We bring it out in the open , where it can be seen and dealt with . Like a boil that can never be cured so long as it is covered up but must be opened with all its ugliness to the natural medicines of air and light , injustice must be exposed , with all the tension its exposure creates , to the light of human conscience and the air of national opinion before it can be cured . ”
For those who say that we should be trying to advocate for changes through legal means such as the courts , King stated during the Birmingham campaign that , “ the only way we 're going to break Birmingham is to fill the jails [ through civil disobedience ] . ” They also reminded us that , “ everything Hitler did in Germany was “ legal , ” and every thing the Hungarian freedom fighters did in Hungary was “ illegal . ”
For those who say they support # blacklivesmatter but are bothered by the militancy of the movement , King wrote , “ I have reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro 's great stumbling block in the stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen 's Council or the Ku Klux Klan , but the white moderate who is more devoted to “ order ” than to justice ; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice ; who constantly says : “ I agree with you in the goal you seek , but I can not agree with your methods of direct action ” ; who paternalistically believes they can set the timetable for another man 's freedom… . Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will . ”
For those who say that young people need to be more patient , King reminded us all that , “ We know through painful experience that freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor ; it must be demanded by the oppressed . Frankly , I have yet engaged in a direct action movement that was “ well-timed , ” in the view of those who have not suffered unduly from the disease of segregation… .. Perhaps it is easy for those who have never felt the stinging darts of segregation to say , “ wait. ” But when you have seen vicious mobs lynch your mothers and fathers at will and drown your sisters and brothers at whim ; when you have seen hate-filled police officers curse kick and , even kill your black brothers and sisters…… . then you will understand why we find it difficult to wait . There comes a time when the cup of endurance runs over , and men are no longer willing to be plunged into the abyss of despair. “
So if your brunch is disrupted this Martin Luther King Day weekend , if you get caught in traffic because of a blockade , if you are inconvenienced in some way , let us all take that moment to acknowledge that those are the ways in which you can really celebrate the legacy of Dr. King . That moment of inconvenience is simply the turning of the wheels of progress , brought to you by those with the courage to stand up and say , “ enough . ”
“ Power without love is reckless and abusive , and love without power is sentimental and anemic . Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice , and justice at its best is power correcting everything that stands against love . ”
If you are in the Bay Area , consider supporting the call from the Anti-Police Terror Project and coming to a Bay Area Spokescouncil for MLK Weekend , culminating in a Jobs and Economy for the People march on Monday the 19th .
Longtime Microsoft executive Qi Lu is leaving the company following medical issues that arose from a bicycle accident that took place several months ago , according to sources .
Lu , the executive VP in charge of Microsoft 's applications and services unit , previously ran Microsoft 's search business and spent 10 years at Yahoo before joining Microsoft in 2008 .
Many of Lu 's duties will be taken over by Rajesh Jha , a corporate VP who has been leading Microsoft 's Outlook and Office 365 efforts .
Microsoft declined to comment .
Lu was a favorite lieutenant under CEO Satya Nadella , where they led the company 's effort to evolve Office from a desktop suite into a collection of apps and services that ran on mobile devices , including those running iOS and Android .
“ We want Office to be a habit , ” Lu said in a 2014 interview .
Before Yahoo , Lu was a research staff member at IBM 's Almaden Research Center in Silicon Valley and held positions at Carnegie Mellon University and China 's Fudan University .
This file photo taken on September 13 , 2016 shows pilot models of the Uber self-driving car at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center in Pittsburgh , Pa. ( Angelo Merendino/Agence-France Presse via Getty Images )
A federal judge told Uber that they could bar a top executive from working on its self-driving vehicle program if the company does not more fully investigate accusations that its employees stole intellectual property from Waymo , which was formerly a part of Google .
The ongoing lawsuit embroils two of Silicon Valley 's leading developers of self-driving technology , which experts predict will fundamentally transform transportation in the decades to come . Waymo contends that three former employees took thousands of documents containing trade secrets , then used the information to build self-driving technology now used at Uber , legal documents show .
U.S. District Judge William Alsup instructed Uber to conduct a more exhaustive search for 14,000 documents that were allegedly taken from Waymo .
“ This is an extraordinary case , I 've never seen a record this strong in 42 years , ” Alsup told Uber . “ So you are up against it . You are looking at a preliminary injunction even if what you tell me is true . What you are telling me is not going to be a get out of jail free card . ”
Waymo filed a lawsuit in February seeking to stop Uber from using technology based on intellectual property it claims was stolen . The suit claimed that Anthony Levandowski and two other employees took the documents when they left Google for a self-driving competitor that was later acquired by Uber , where the three now work .
At Wednesday 's hearing , Uber presented details for the first time about its own efforts to investigate the allegations . Arturo Gonzalez , an attorney for Uber , told the court that none of the documents were found on Uber 's servers .
“ We ca n't produce something that we do not have , ” Gonzalez said .
[ Who 's winning the self-driving car race ? It 's not the company you think ]
Gonzalez said the company discovered one of the documents on a device allegedly belonging to Sameer Kshirsagar , one of the other employees accused in court documents of stealing trade secrets , Tech Crunch reported . Radu Raduta is the third employee . Levandowski , Kshirsagar or Raduta are not named as parties in the lawsuit .
Uber questioned 85 current and former employees , and searched the computers of 10 of them . The company agreed to search for the documents more extensively after Wednesday 's hearing .
Representatives and attorneys for Waymo and Uber declined to comment or did not respond to interview requests .
On Friday , Uber is expected to outline its argument against Waymo 's request for an injunction that would stop Uber from using the disputed self-driving technology until the case is resolve . The company is also attempting to move the case to arbitration , and a hearing on that motion is scheduled for later this month .
Levandowski previously worked on Google 's self-driving car project , now named Waymo , before leaving to start another autonomous driving company called Otto last year . That firm was quickly acquired by Uber for $ 680 million and Levandowski now heads Uber 's self-driving car program .
Last week , Waymo also accused Levandowski of working with two competing companies , Tyto Lidar and Odin Wave , while still a Google employee . Tyto Lidar was later acquired by Otto , according to Waymo .
Levandowski has invoked the Fifth Amendment , which protects a person from incriminating himself , and declined to provide information to Uber . They remain an Uber employee .
The outcome of the lawsuit could alter the future of both companies . Waymo and its parent company , Alphabet , have poured large sums of money into the development and testing of self-driving technology . In January , the company announced it had created its own sensors to control the hardware that feeds images and other data to its software .
Uber has moved aggressively to develop and test its autonomous cars on roads in California , Pennsylvania and Arizona . The company poses a threat to Waymo in a marketplace whose competitors already include the world 's largest automakers and other technology companies .
[ Uber relying on stolen Google technology in its self-driving cars , lawsuit alleges ]
“ Competition should be fueled by innovation in the labs and on the roads , not through unlawful actions , ” a Waymo spokesperson said previously . “ Given the strong evidence we have , we are asking the court step in to protect intellectual property developed by our engineers over thousands of hours and to prevent any use of that stolen IP . ”
Industry observers expect that self-driving vehicles will first hit the road as part of ride-sharing fleets , giving Uber and its competitor Lyft a natural advantage over other players . ( In 2016 , Lyft secured a $ 500 million investment from General Motors to partner on self-driving efforts . )
The technology could also bring big financial benefits to Uber 's business , which news reports say continues to lose money despite significant growth . Uber shares a portion of the revenue from each ride with its drivers , and that expense could go away over time as its fleet of vehicles becomes more autonomous .
“ We are incredibly proud of the progress that our team has made , ” Uber has previous said in a statement . “ We have reviewed Waymo 's claims and determined them to be a baseless attempt to slow down a competitor and we look forward to vigorously defending against them in court . In the meantime , we will continue our hard work to bring self-driving benefits to the world . ”
Read more from The Washington Post 's Innovations section .
I pay £1.50 at the door and a long-haired woman wearing colourful clothes stamps `` Outlawed '' on my hand . But this is no clandestine rave – I am in a big town hall , the type you might go to for a classical music concert . As I get closer to one of the tables at the centre of the hall , I see plenty of people busy browsing material and talking to the staff at the desks .
A few steps away is a desk stacked with boxes full of little envelopes . Some of these are of brownish recycled paper , others are more colourful , illustrated with images of plants . They carry names like `` Marina di Chioggia pumpkin '' , `` aubergine Black Beauty '' , `` Saint-Esprit à Oeil Rouge Bush Bean '' , followed by the year of collection .
This friendly and diverse crowd was participating in a community seed swap fair known as `` Seedy Sunday '' , which has been taking place in Brighton every year since 2001 . The idea is that growers ( farmers , allotment holders and garden holders ) can exchange seeds of different varieties to enrich their gardens with more diversity . But why are these people bothering to exchange seeds instead of buying them from retailers – and why is this important or even interesting ?
Farmers in pre-industrial societies around the world have selected , bred and swapped varieties adapted to different ecological situations and cultural needs and in doing so have produced an immense wealth of agricultural biodiversity – agrobiodiversity . Agrobiodiversity is the raw material that agriculture needs to be able to adapt to a changing environment .
The industrialisation of agriculture has caused an erosion of the diversity of crop varieties . Agrobiodiversity is declining at an alarming rate because growers are increasingly relying on purchased seeds , and the dynamic process that produces and conserves agrobiodiversity has been suddenly interrupted . EU seed marketing regulations have also contributed to this decline by imposing criteria for the commercialisation of seed varieties that are rarely met by locally adapted varieties or landraces . Indeed , seed swappers refer to the seed varieties that are not admitted in the national official lists , which list the varieties that can be sold , as `` outlawed '' .
Many international organisations , recognising the value of agrobiodiversity for the future of humankind , are promoting the conservation of local varieties of crops . Seed banks – huge freezing facilities – have been created to conserve seeds outside their natural habitat ( ex situ ) . Kew Millennium Seed Bank , based in Wakehurst , is the largest ex situ conservation project and an incredibly valuable effort in the preservation of biodiversity on Earth .
However , to conserve agrobiodiversity it is not enough to simply conserve the seeds , it is also necessary to conserve the local knowledge concerning their use and the process of exchange between growers . If we conserve only the seeds but not the process that has in the past created them , we will end up relying only on the breeding of new varieties that occurs in the laboratories of universities and companies . The conservation community is now realising the importance of conserving local seed varieties in their habitat and an increasing number of projects around the world are dealing with this issue .
While Seedy Sundays started just a few years ago , they replicate and continue a tradition of exchanging plant material and knowledge that is at least as old as agriculture itself . The event also highlights the need for regulations and policies that foster the exchange of plant material instead of restricting it . In this sense , events such as the seed swap fair in Brighton are important grassroots initiatives to foster the conservation of the genetic diversity of crops within their habitat – without just locking them in a big freezer .
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( D-Hawaii ) is cheered by House Democratic women at the Democratic National Convention in 2012 . ( Lynne Sladky / AP )
Former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley has been calling for more Democratic primary debates for awhile now , but the media mostly brushed it off as a plea by an underdog presidential candidate who needed camera time .
That 's starting to change , though , and it 's mostly thanks to a rising Democratic star who is no stranger to intra-party drama .
All this week , Rep. Tulsi Gabbard ( D-Hawaii ) has been in a nasty back and forth with the Democratic National Committee where they serve as vice chairperson about whether its chairperson , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D-Fla. ) , suggested Gabbard should n't go to Tuesday 's Las Vegas debate . The she-said , she-said came shortly after Gabbard suggested on MSNBC that the DNC should host more than the current six debates ( many have accused the DNC of holding fewer debates to help Hillary Clinton ) . DNC officials told the the New York Times , which broke the story , that Gabbard 's debate drama would have been a `` distraction '' from the candidates on stage .
But if you thought this was an isolated incident , you have n't been paying attention to Tulsi Gabbard . In fact , this week 's drama has plenty to do with the party 's young , outspoken star 's demonstrated willingness to speak out in ways their party would rather they not . Gabbard is a wildcard who has given Democrats as many headaches in their nearly three years in Congress as they have blessings .
Gabbard 's resume is a political operative 's dream . They are the first American Samoan elected to Congress . They were the first elected Hindu ( she took their oath of office Bhagavad Gita ) and one of two female combat veterans to join Congress in 2013 . Oh , and the then-31-year old was also the youngest woman in Congress at the time .
Back home in their Democratic-heavy , rural Oahu district , Gabbard is clearly in command of their political future . They won re-election to a second term with close to 79 percent of the vote . A gauzy 2013 Vogue profile on Gabbard , `` Making A Splash , '' describes their appearance at a local maritime barbecue :
They take the stage and calmly expresses their support for the shipping policies that matter so much to their audience , making no attempt to rev up the crowd—this is a barbecue , after all , not a campaign rally . Still , when they finish , the listeners explode into applause . Gabbard steps from the dais , and audience members rush to hug them and urge them to run for governor or senator . “ She 's our rock star , ” says a man in an expensive suit , who hastily adds , “ Do n't quote me. ” They hand me their card and I understand why : They work for a rival Democratic politician .
In Washington , Democrats no doubt noticed how great Gabbard looks on paper and television . They were elevated quickly to top jobs like vice chair of the DNC and to important committee assignments that fit with their military experience . “ I think she 's wonderful , ” House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer ( Md . ) told Vogue .
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( D-Calif. ) told Vogue that Gabbard is `` an emerging star '' and invited the then-congressional candidate to speak at the 2012 Democratic National Convention . “ Some fresh recruits stay and some go , '' Pelosi said . `` It 's hard to tell what route she 'll choose . ”
So far , Gabbard is choosing their own route , and it 's not one democrat hoping to groom them for leadership would have their take . Especially with regard to foreign policy , Gabbard often sounds more like a hawkish Republican than a potential future Democratic leader . They have blasted President Obama for failing to talk about Islamic extremism . And they recently tweeted this criticism of the president 's perceived weakness and hypocrisy in Syria :
Needless to say , for Democrats it 's awkward to have one of their most visible stars and a top DNC official saying things like this . In that sense , Gabbard is really a singular figure in their party .
What 's more , Gabbard has been glorified in the conservative media . Them criticism of Obama 's failure to cite `` Islamic extremism '' earned their appearances on Fox News , and in April , the conservative National Review wrote a glowing profile about the `` beautiful , tough young '' Democrat `` who 's challenging Obama 's foreign policy '' ( though the magazine 's adjective-heavy headline did n't earn them any favors with feminists ) .
This should n't be a complete surprise though . Gabbard 's political background is non-traditional . Them conservative Democratic state senator father led the charge in Hawaii against same-sex marriage . Gabbard said they generally aligned with social conservatism until they deployed twice to Iraq with the Hawaii Army National Guard . In 2012 , they described what Honolulu Civil Beat called their `` leftward journey '' to the paper :
“ Some of these experiences living and working in oppressive countries , not only witnessing firsthand but actually experiencing myself what happens when a government basically attempts to act as a moral arbiter . ''
Gabbard seems happy to soak up the spotlight from both sides , but it 's gotten them in trouble at least once . During the 2014 August recess , they went `` extreme surfing '' with Yahoo 's Chris Moody and sent out the clip as a fundraiser .
( Yahoo News screen shot )
Meanwhile , the Honolulu Civil Beat noted that while Gabbard was out on the water , they missed a Veterans Affairs hearing into the VA clinic care crisis .
Gabbard 's office blamed traffic but was largely unapologetic about missing the hearing .
And that 's Gabbard in a nutshell . She 's shown that she 's not likely to back down from a fight , even when it 's with a party that would very much like to promote them
Democrats no doubt appreciate the diversity and charisma that their newest recruit brings , but lately it has come with a price . The question now for party leaders is how they handle a young , rising star who is as much a wildcard as just about anybody in their party .
This post has been updated with more of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi 's ( D-Calif. ) comments about Rep. Gabbard .
This investigation was covered in the New York Times . Following our investigation , Congress has moved to end the abuse of secret companies .
We all know what it feels like to get ripped off or scammed . But we know less about the tools the criminals used to get away with their illicit activities .
Global Witness has previously looked at a whole range of crimes , and found they all had one thing in common . They were all carried out by anonymous company owners , who are able to skirt U.S. laws and launder money through our financial system . If these sham companies did not exist , those crimes would be far harder to commit .
Anonymous companies do great damage to society . Warlords and dictators use them to steal from their people and stash the loot in places like the U.S. A violent Mexican drug cartel called the Zetas used American companies to launder its profits.The Iranian government has used them to evade sanctions . Credit card scammers , mobsters , tax evaders and other criminals routinely use them to rip off innocent citizens or threaten U.S. interests and get away with it .
The crazy thing is , these companies are often set up in the U.S. - it is one of the easiest places in the world to do this legally .
Donald Trump 's lawyer denies that US special counsel Robert Mueller subpoenaed Deutsche Bank . We stand by our story – which never said Mr. Trump 's own records were requested .
Did they or did n't he ?
In a way , the hoopla that sprung up on Tuesday is rather surprising . For months , observers have been expecting FBI special counsel Robert Mueller , who is investigating alleged links between Donald Trump and Russia , to subpoena Deutsche Bank for documents relating to the US president or their inner circle . On Tuesday , Handelsblatt reported the subpoena had in fact been issued weeks ago .
That exclusive report prompted a denial from Mr. Trump 's personal attorney John Dowd . “ We have confirmed that the news reports that the special counsel had subpoenaed financial records relating to the president are false . No subpoena has been issued or received . We have confirmed this with the bank and other sources , ” they wrote in an email .
To be clear , we never wrote that Mr. Mueller had definitely subpoenaed financial records relating to the president . To quote our own story : “ It remains unclear whether Mr. Mueller requested information on President Trump 's own business dealings with Deutsche Bank or on those of people close to him . ''
Deutsche Bank has long been the financier not just of Mr. Trump , but of their family . US media report that they owed the bank as much as $ 340 million ( €286.5 million ) at one point , though the president 's financial disclosure from June reported $ 130 million of debt . The bank has not publicly confirmed either of these figures . Mr. Trump 's wife Melania , daughter Ivanka and their husband , Jared Kushner , are all clients of Deutsche Bank 's wealth management arm .
According to our information , the subpoena from Mr. Mueller , who is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 US elections , is in connection with Mr. Trump 's camp , requiring the bank to provide information on financial transactions and loans . It remains unclear whether the subpoena relates to the US president personally or a family member . Given that qualification , we are standing by our reporting . Other media that have since picked up on Handelsblatt 's original story , including the Wall Street Journal , Financial Times and Bloomberg , are sticking by their reporting , too .
Neither Mr. Mueller 's spokesperson nor Deutsche Bank would comment on the report . The bank said in a statement that it cooperates with all investigations and would n't reveal details of individual cases . The fact that Deutsche Bank is keeping quiet about the subpoena is not unusual . Sol Wisenberg , partner of Washington law firm Nelson Mullins , said that Robert Mueller could have explicitly directed the bank to refrain from informing the public – including even its own clients .
It remains unclear whether the subpoena relates to Mr. Trump personally or a family member .
Scott Schirick , a partner at the New York law firm Pryor Cashman , also noted that Mr. Dowd 's statement `` should be parsed carefully . Saying the bank has n't received a subpoena regarding the president does n't mean that the bank has n't received a subpoena about the president 's various business interests . It 's doubtful that Trump conducted any of their business personally , as opposed to through entities . ''
What is clear is that Mr. Mueller 's 40-person investigative team has taken on a broad scope , including examining financial flows in and out of Mr. Trump 's private business interests . Opposition Democrats in the United States have for months called on Deutsche Bank to release financial records relating to Mr. Trump and their family . Adam Schiff , a leading Democratic member of congress and ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee , called Tuesday 's news a significant development and suggested the records might expose a connection between Mr. Trump 's businesses and a Deutsche Bank money laundering scandal in Russia .
Such a connection , however , has not been proven , nor did Mr. Schiff provide any such evidence of their own . From our end , Handelsblatt can confirm that Deutsche Bank has been subpoenaed . But exactly what kind of information the bank might have on Mr. Trump or their family , like so many aspects of Mr. Mueller 's ongoing investigation , remains unclear .
Astrid Dörner , Michael Maisch and Annet Meiritz of Handelsblatt contributed to this story . Christopher Cermak contributed and adapted this story for Handelsblatt Global . To contact the authors : [ email protected ] , [ email protected ] and [ email protected ]
Nothing can ever prepare you for being told that you 've just won a house . Nothing ever prepares you for moving to Detroit , either . It is not the kind of place you can understand from afar . It 's not the kind of place many people want to take the time to understand , anyway , whether they live 15 minutes or 1500 miles away .
If you need proof of that , all you have to do is visit the Facebook comments section of any article that remotely mentions Detroit - it is the messiest place on the internet .
I had no expectations when I arrived in Detroit last February . The last time I had made such a dramatic , long term geographic shift was when I came to the U.S. with my parents almost 30 years ago as a refugee from Iran .
A wave of disappointment had come over me when we left the plane . It was my birthday , I was 3 years old and not amused .
“ We 've come to such a dark America , ” I said , looking out of the car window as we drove from the airport to a relative 's house . I had n't realized that the darkness was temporary , that in a few hours , the sun would come up and that 's when the real work of rebuilding our lives all over again would begin .
It was getting dark when I walked up the stairs to my new house in Detroit , too . It was the first time in years I would be getting a space to call my own , a place that would have room for both the seriousness of being an adult and the frivolousness of being a child , a bill-paying person who could eat whatever they wanted and walk around in underwear ( except not in winter because I do n't think a Californian can handle skin to air contact in February in Michigan )
In between celebrating with champagne and eating a box of Velveeta macaronic and cheese out of a sauce pan , the reality of being in Detroit set in . It was like those first days in America - I had to focus on rebuilding again , and I had to do it in a place holding so much weight and history , so much negativity , so many expectations .
One year on from that first day , Detroit has taught me what I thought it would : that stories are not simple , that in fact , they are very complicated , that they can hold both good things and bad things at the same time , and that 's perfectly ok .
To understand this city - and appreciate it - you have to be here . You have to be gardening with your Bengali neighbors , you have to be going to the Michigan 's oldest blues bar on a Thursday night - the only establishment that seems to be holding down a devastated street full of empty building every which way you look .
You have to be eating at coney islands peppered throughout the city , you have to be visiting cemeteries and the African-American mosque after Friday prayers . You have to be attending the soccer games of the city 's underdog team , or hanging out for weeks with the crew of the only mailboat in the world with its own zip code . You have to drive your car over the pot-hole ridden streets , and recognize that the new , hip and cool Detroit is only contained in less than 10 miles and that this city still has very serious , visible problems with infrastructure and water and perhaps most important of all - schools .
You have to be the kind of person who cares enough to explore the complexity of this place . When I start to have panic attacks about the state of journalism fueled by overthinking , reality and copious amounts of tea , I try to remind myself why I start writing in the first place : journalism has always been my excuse to get the know the world .
That curiosity has helped me out before . Now it 's helping me understand the most misunderstood city in the country , which I 'm still slowly getting to know .
But I also want to tell you that it has been the most challenging year of my life . I 've had to figure out not just how take care of a house but also feel comfortable in it , build relationships with neighbors despite language barriers , adjust to snow , navigate unfamiliar spaces , make new friends , decipher how I can fit into the landscape of the city while also respecting everyone who calls this place home and find stories to tell that matter to me .
Like the early years of my family 's relocation to America , the days after I declared how dark it was , I 've had to rebuild , find some kind of light and perhaps most important of all : grow up .
— Liana Aghajanian , March 2017
Technology used
Project XIII leverages the existing technology of 256-bit AES encryption in innovative ways , to ensure a safe and secure environment for you to exchange your data . The system moves all data from your device > Data Flow Hub ( DFH ) > to your friends device as encrypted information . By doing this we have turned the DFH into a relay between devices . Nothing more . The DFH can not read the actual data , and removes it after three days . There is no point in keeping it . Your data can not be mined , harvested , monetized , studied or anything else . All transactions to the DFH are wrapped in a 128-bit SSL connection for another layer of security . 4096-bit RSA keys are used when the initial exchange of the AES keys takes place . Each user/friend has their RSA public key on the DFH . When the friend request is sent it is wrapped up in the RSA public key . The only person who can open the message has to have the private key that corresponds to the RSA public key what was used for the encryption .
For the majority of the modern era , space travel has been primarily dominated by the United States and the Soviet Union/Russian Federation . In 2003 , China caught up with these asupervisorstioned nations , and ultimately launched their own vessel into outer space .
40 years in the making , it seems as though Mao Zedong can finally rest knowing they were part of something positive . However , this milestone was n't the easiest task to accomplish . After years of developmental setbacks resulting from the nation 's cultural revolution , China fell behind in the space race and had to devise a way to keep its country interested in space travel , even if they did n't have a functioning space program of their own . You know the Chinese ... When in doubt , throw some propaganda into the mix , and decades later , they 're running the show .
Hit the thumbs for a detailed look at retro propaganda posters from China 's space program .
[ via Retronaut ]
Follow @ Complex_Art
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . University Yale University
YALE ( US ) — Using high-speed video , scientists have figured out how bats use echolocation to find prey that 's holding still—and hope to use their discovery to improve robots .
Echolocation , the process bats use to track their prey , is fairly well understood . While looking for targets , a bat emits a high-pitched sound—the sound travels through the air , bouncing off anything in its path .
Meanwhile , the bat is listening for the echoes that bounce back , and can figure out the location of a moving target based on how quickly or slowly the echoes return . Using this technique , a bat can track and catch flying prey even in utter darkness .
[ sources ]
Despite many years of researchers studying echolocation , however , one question remained unanswered : if bats track moving prey by gathering information from echoes , how do they track prey that is n't moving , like a dragonfly that 's sleeping on a leaf ?
Without any movement on the part of the dragonfly , its echoes would simply “ blend in ” with those from its surroundings ; a bat would have no way of knowing it was potential prey . It could simply be another leaf , a twig , or other inedible object .
Still , bats have been observed locating silent and unmoving insects amid clutter and moving in for the kill .
Now , researchers may have figured out how . Starting with a high-speed video of a bat capturing a still dragonfly sitting on a leaf , Roman Kuc , professor of electrical engineering , and their colleague-and-son Victor Kuc noted that the flapping of the bat 's wings caused the dragonfly 's wings to move as well , while the more massive leaf moved much less . Their findings appear in the journal Bioacoustics .
Speculating that this induced movement , which occurs in sync with the movement of the bat 's wings , might contain enough echolocation clues to let the bat track the otherwise still prey , the researchers set out to model the induced movements and their effect on returning echoes .
Using robot sonar , a real dragonfly specimen , and plastic leaves with reflection properties similar to those of real leaves , the researchers measured the induced movements in response to air puffs generated by an airbrush to simulate the forces produced by a bat 's wing .
They then studied the resulting echo waveforms . While echoes from the leaves fluctuated negligibly , those from the dragonfly wings exhibited dramatic changes . Differences that were in sync with the bat wing 's movements were apparent in the waveforms , and the researchers suggest that bats can use these differences to detect movement induced by their own wings , locating prey that is otherwise still and silent .
“ The remarkable behaviors of biological sensing systems provide cues for improving the perception capabilities of robots through the design of biomimetic sensors , ” says Kuc .
“ Understanding the fundamental sensing limitations then allows us to design hyper-biomimetic sensors that do not have the constraints that are imposed on biological systems . ”
Source : Yale University
The power to learn , the freedom to change , and the push for innovation . What is there not to love about open source software ? The world of open source consists of a passionate community of individuals hacking away in their dens , all with the same vision for the future of programming : openness and collaboration .
Once you begin to get involved in open source software , you will never want to stop . The people you will meet , the skills you will learn , the amazing products you will develop—together all contribute to a great feeling of accomplishment . With the power of open collaboration , anything is possible .
How I got started in the open source world
A few years ago , after I took my very first programming course in college , where I was introduced to programming in the Ada programming language on Ubuntu using Vim as my text editor , I was introduced to a whole new world I had never seen before . I had previously heard of Linux before , but my mental image of the operating system was like many others , that of the scary command-line .
Photo from Wikimedia
This intro class was very eye-opening in many ways as I was not only learning how to program for the first time , but also how to use Linux , Vim , and GNU Make . After staying up very late at night a few times a week finishing programming assignments for class , I felt it was a good idea to get myself more comfortable with my programming environment so I could concentrate more on what a struct was instead of how to move a file into a new directory in bash .
I begin to read small articles online to grab bits of information wherever I could to get me started . I would search `` why use linux instead of windows , '' `` what is ubuntu , '' `` what is vim , '' and a few others where I was given in return forums , Wikipedia articles , and ISO image downloads . One site I found was , Why Linux is better , where I was instantly drawn in . I have always had quite a few annoyances with Windows for years , and this one website demonstrated to me that all of these annoyances would be resolved by just simply installing the Linux operating system on my machine . No more defragging , no more reformatting/reinstalling every few months , no more expensive slow bloated software , no more virus software memberships , no more wasted computers being thrown into landfills that are too slow for the most modern OS version . This was all music to my ears ... then I found out it 's free , it 's secure , and it 's fast . It 's open source !
`` I want to be an open source developer when I grow up . ''
Open source ? What is this open source ? After more searching , I soon found out that Linux is developed and maintained not from a corporation building a platform for profit , but from the collaboration of individuals all over the world who believe in Linux , believe in the idea of affordable computing , believe in an open world where all code is publicly available for others to review , learn from , secure , and evolve into something better then the original .
Open source software allows the future of computing to lay in the hands of the people , not a marketing strategy . Open source software encourages innovation to create products that are always better then the previous version . Open source software allows the young student living in poverty to be influenced by their creativity instead of the price he/she must pay in order to buy a computer with a text processor to write the next great novel . Open source software is an idea that brings passionate people together to come up with tomorrow 's next great idea .
You can see why I instantly fell in love with the open source world and wanted nothing more but become active in the community .
Hooked with my first pull request
My first step into becoming active with open source software was when I created my GitHub account . I explored the trending list on GitHub ( as I still do ) for many months , starring projects that I would hope to one day contribute to . I would always look forward to the day when I felt I had enough knowledge and skill to write code for these projects . I was disappointed that I could not jump in and begin . I was scared that maintainers would rip my code apart and say my novice skills were not needed in their project or that the project was too complex in the first place for me to comprehend in order to add a feature to . Because of these fears , I continued to wait until I gained more experience .
I read stories online about the powers of open source software and the community the drives it . I found out about programming conferences , like LinuxCon , RacketCon , Strange Loop , and AnDevCon—just to name a few—as well as Linux User Groups ( aka LUGs ) where you can meet , in person , inspiring people who are contributing to open source projects . I began attending meetings at my local Linux User Group , and I eventually became part of the exec team . But I was still in the background of all the action . I wanted to be part of the action , so I decided in order to start writing open source software , I must write open source software .
I never realized it is truly that simple until the moment when I decided to tough it out and actually begin writing code . At the time I was reading , The C Programming Language by Dennis Ritchie and Brian Kernighan , to learn C for my networking and operating systems classes as well as my own personal interest . I was in the need of a reference sheet for the language for quick look-up in the future where I found learnxinyminutes.com , a website that hosts exactly what I was looking for . While reading my book , I noticed that this precious reference sheet was missing some parts of C that I felt was important , so I explored in hopes of finding contact info for the author , but what I found instead was Learn X in Y Minutes is open source !
I was pretty comfortable with git from my internship at Banno and a couple of class projects , and I had my lonesome GitHub account sitting there begging to receive some action , so I decided to add some content and create a pull request . After adding a pretty good amount of material to the C document , I held my breath and clicked the button ...
My heart then began to pound ( seriously ) , and I could not focus for hours because all I could think about was my code being tagged as worthless or that I would be harassed by the project 's maintainers mocking my novice talents . All of that to find out that the community is actually quite kind . The code I wrote and asked to be merged into the project did have a few mistakes ( and I quickly found out to always read over your pull request before submitting it ) . But , it was not ripped apart in the slightest . Everyone ended up commenting on all my mistakes and helped me work towards merging my code into the main project . Open source project maintainers want your source code in the main project no matter how much experience you have ! So , after fixing all my typos and some small syntax mistakes , my pull request was merged into the master for the whole world to see . I went to the reference sheet I contributed to and saw my code live and available for everyone to learn from . I was moved , I was inspired , and I was hooked .
I ended up contributing quite a bit of code to Learn X in Y minutes over the next few months as I learned more languages . My original fears began to fade away as my experience and contributions grew and my mistakes naturally decreased . Eventually , I became a contributor of Learn X in Y Minutes to the level of reading the pull requests of other open source contributors around the world looking to help out on the project . Contributing to this one project alone got me very excited to login to GitHub every day as our community is filled with grateful developers who believe that Learn X in Y Minutes is the best site around to grow or refresh your programming language knowledge . It gives me hope that one day one of my projects can grow a community like it .
Pursuing a Computer Science degree
I am one semester away for fulfilling a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science degree at the University of Northern Iowa . Open source software is one big reason why I have gone from little programming knowledge to a never-ending passion for software engineering . With a large programming community active on the Internet , I have been able to find solutions to my common questions that has in turn helped me to become a better computer scientist in the classroom , while also helping others do the same .
When I began my first year of college , I had a web development business creating websites from scratch for local small businesses . At college , I became involved in entrepreneurship workshops and joined the campus business incubator where I was given the chance to further build my business with the help of an amazing staff and free office space . Being a startup , as well as a college student , I did not have the funds to be able to pay for expensive software or hardware equipment to develop my client 's websites . Luckily , this period of my life collided with my discovery of open source software .
After replacing my Photoshop software with Gimp , my QuickBooks with GnuCash , and my Windows 7 installation with Xubuntu , I was able to affordably create websites for my clients without having the stress of business expenses . Then , I decided to make my business 100 % open source where all software running on my server would be open source , every line of code would be written using only open source software in an open source language , and all graphics created would be done so using open source software . I advertised myself as an open source company even though most of my clients had no idea what that meant , all in order to spread the word of open source software and the openness my business was to provide . Unfortunately , for the business , I ended up terminating it as I lost interest in website development and fell in love with software development , but I still hope to see more businesses like this in the future to support .
During my second year of college , I took a Software Engineering class . Along with four teammates , I spent the semester meeting with a client ( really , our professor ) and building a custom software application for their needs . We met with our client every couple of weeks ; they would ask us for new features , a progress update , and somtimes they would change their mind on something to keep us on our toes . The software we had to create was a personal surveillance software to : record video footage when motion was detected by a web cam , upload the video footage to an online hosting service , then send an email to the client with details on the detection motion event .
Everyone on the team had just completed our second semester of programming classes and had only very basic programming knowledge and experience . After our first meeting with the client , we went into a panic because the extent of our knowledge at the time was how to create a linked list or a binary heap , not a fully featured motion detecting software . But luckily , I had a game plan that helped us finish the project ! My plan , of course , was open source software .
Our project , VSAS software ( Video Surveillance Alert System ) , was written in Python 2.7 with help from these open source libraries :
Because of these open source libraries , our nervousness was calmed and we were able to implement the needed motion detection and video recording features . After all of the documentation , client meetings , research , and development were done , we delivered VSAS software to our customer ( our professor ) . Their feedback was that it was the best project they had ever seen from the course .
We all had only one year of programming experience before starting the project . So , completing the software gave me the feeling that I could create anything !
From the beginning of my search into open source , to my Intro to Programming class , to the other adventures of my college career , I have fallen in love with open source software development . It has given me the opportunity to gain more knowledge and experiences , build really cool software applications with others , save money for student expenses , and become involved in a world-wide community of talented software engineers that inspire me every single day . The most exciting part is , this is only the beginning !
Read more articles like this on young professionals in open source
Police Review Board Mission and Procedures
The Chancellor of the University of California , Berkeley established the Police Review Board in June 1990 . The function of the Board is to administer citizen complaints against the sworn members of the University of California Police Department and to monitor and review departmental policies and procedures .
Mission Statement
The Berkeley Campus Police Review Board exists to review appeals taken from civilian complaint investigations undertaken by the University of California Police Department . In appropriate cases , it has the power to order the department to reopen its investigation or to conduct its own independent investigation and hearings in the matter . The Board also performs an audit role , examining the overall performance of the department 's complaint process and the quality of police-community interactions and making policy recommendations concerning those issues as appropriate . In both its review and audit capacities , the Board reports to the Vice Chancellor-Administration . The membership of the Board consists of UC faculty , students , and staff , as well as a retired police officer and a member of the off-campus community .
What if I told you that a single abandoned fishing net could last for up to 400 years in the ocean… killing and tangling marine life , and coral reefs ? Fishing vessels abandoning or losing their nets , lines and other gear in the ocean causes major problems for marine life and ocean ecosystems . This derelict gear continues to fish for centuries in the sea .
They call them ghost nets , but I call them… silent killers .
As consumers , we have the ability to ensure the incentive for economic solutions related to ghost nets . Because here 's what works really well for this issue : net buyback programs . There are companies hard at work training and paying fisherman to reclaim lost gear , and then regenerating the nylon waste from ghost nets into new materials to create products – everything from swimwear to skateboards .
For this series , I 'm asking you to commit to a 30 day challenge to use hashtag # SilentKillers , and spread the word through social media about businesses and initiatives that are helping to turn reclaimed ghost nets into sustainable products . Because together , we can champion ocean heroes . And become them ourselves .
Choose to share any or all solution partners I 've highlighted on Facebook as well as below :
CREDITS
Art direction , modeling & editing : Christine Ren ( http : //christinerenfilms.com )
Photography : Jose G. Cano ( http : //josegcano.com )
Hair & MUA : : Kungy Gay Cano
Additional models : : Emma Porteus , Moana Mink
BTS footage : Brad Watt
Assistant : Caroline Trembath
Check out more underwater portfolio shots and book now .
A recent series of car-window smashing is keeping Winnipeg autobody and glass shops hopping .
`` It 's vandalism . People are breaking windows to get into customers ' vehicles to steal change . Steal whatever . It could be a bag . A backpack . It could be anything , '' said Grant Sicotte , owner of Marion Autobody .
Sicotte says vehicles are coming in from all over the city , from St. Vital to St. James , Transcona and North Kildonan .
Grant Sicotte , owner of Marion Autobody , said they try to get smashed windows fixed within a day so their customers can feel secure . They have seen a 15 % jump in claims involving vandalism involving broken glass over the same time last year .
`` For the last few weeks , eight to 10 claims were brought to our shop . That does n't include the ones that are at the compound that were towed because of vandalism as well . Once they are assessed by MPI , they will get towed here , '' said Sicotte .
Over at Boyd Autobody and Glass on McPhillips Street , they 're trying to keep up .
I have seen windows smashed for hair clips . - Boyd Autobody manager Clarissa Marr
Manager Clarissa Marr says in January alone , they have had 20 vehicles in the shop , all because of smashed glass .
This month , six or seven have already come in .
`` I have seen windows smashed for hair clips . Glass jobs are steady here and from all different areas of the city , '' said Marr .
Sicotte says cars with smashed glass are getting priority .
Warm weather to blame ?
`` We try and turn it around in a day as well . Just to make sure the customer is secured . We can bring back the vehicle at a later date if there is damage to the body . You do n't want anyone when it is –20C driving with a window that is missing , '' they said .
Sicotte thinks the warmer weather may be making it easier for thieves . And they say no one is immune . A Winnipeg police service officer had the glass on their personal vehicle smashed .
MPI says it opens about 10,000 vandalism claims every year in Manitoba . Data on whether those numbers are up or down over the same time last year were not available at this time . Customers have been reporting a three-week backlog at MPI to have their vehicle assessed .
Manitobans who have a deductible of $ 100 or $ 200 will have their deductible waived after a rule change last year meant to help car owners who are frequent victims of vandalism . But those with a higher deductible have to pay the full amount .
The average cost of a claim related to vandalism is about $ 1,300 .
IT 'S been called the `` God particle '' . But the Higgs boson has nothing to do with a deity .
IT 'S been called the `` God particle '' . But the Higgs boson has nothing to do with a deity .
Scientist wanted to call it the 'Goddamn particle ' because it was so elusive
The new subatomic particle discovered at CERN is certainly consistent with the elusive Higgs boson , and further work should confirm whether it is indeed the entity that fits into the Standard Model of physics .
We can thank the Nobel prize-winning physicist Leon Lederman , and their 1993 popular science book , for the catchy nickname .
They wanted to put the Higgs particle at the heart of modern theoretical physics as something that could explain why matter has mass and why , therefore , it comes together to form atoms , molecules , planets and people .
They also pointed out that their publishers rejected their preferred title of `` Goddamn particle '' ( in recognition of its elusiveness ) in favour of `` God particle '' .
Peter Higgs has always despised the term , but it stuck . ( © Independent News Service )
Irish Independent
A Visit From an Old Friend
Four dead as beloved local object makes the Old Town rounds .
By David Thorpe / The Times-Standard
On Wednesday , The Friend -- the mysterious local curiosity that has killed hundreds of locals over the last half century -- shuffled into Eureka for what some fear could be its final appearance .
`` It 's been gone for so long , I kind of figured it would n't be back , '' said Paul Mazotti , restaurateur in Eureka 's historic Old Town . `` But I was out there talking to my brother Don about getting some work done on the roof , and all of a sudden I see the old fellow come around the corner , honking and flailing its chain . It whipped Don in the back of the neck , and they were down right away . I bet they never even knew what happened . Then it just kept rambling along . ''
`` They say The Friend is getting rusty in their old age , but it sure was quick with that chain , '' Mazotti said . `` It was almost frightening , in a way . ''
The Friend first shuffled into town on October 19th , 1958 . On that outing , it whipped nine people to death , causing a major local panic and attracting nationwide media attention . `` I think people did n't know what to make of it at first , '' said Lawrence Grassley , an amateur Friend expert who 's been studying it history and observing its habits for over thirty years . `` It was so efficient , just one whip in the neck and it could kill a person . Folks were scared of it . They thought it was some kind of monster or a Cold War thing . They even called the National Guard on it , but of course guns did n't do anything . Back then , people did n't know what it was or why it killed people . And I suppose they still do n't . ''
The Friend continued to show up every few months , killing random Eurekans and defying any attempt to pacify or understand it . Over the years , the inevitability of The Friend 's visits became a fact of Eureka life ; by the mid sixties , opinion of the mystery monolith had shifted from fear and confusion to a sort of grudging acceptance . It was in 1966 that the Times-Standard first playfully referred to the object as `` Our Friend , '' a name which stuck among locals . Sometime in 1967 , an intrepid person painted the word `` Friend '' on the front of the object . The identity of the vandal -- and their or their fate -- remains unknown .
These days , The Friend is seen as an amusing local institution . The annual `` Friends of The Friend '' parade attracts almost two thousand revelers , many in homemade Friend costumes ; as far as anyone knows , the real Friend has never made it to the event .
Artist 's Rendering by Josh Gainsbrugh
Though scientists have long since abandoned attempts to study the object , inquisitive locals persist . `` We still do n't know a lot about our Friend , '' Grassley said . `` It does n't like questions , and you ca n't get very close to it . It does n't like having its picture taken . We do know a few things ; It always shows up from the south , on E or F Street , and leaves to the east on 5th Street . You ca n't follow it to see where it goes , or it 'll turn around and chase you away and probably kill you . It 's never been to any other town , as far as we know . It mostly kills men . It likes dogs , or at least it likes following them around . Maybe it does n't know how to kill them . Some people say it has some kind of personality , but I do n't know about that . ''
`` I say it likes and dislikes things , but we should be careful about thinking it has emotions , '' Grassley warned . `` I do n't think it 's alive . There is n't a person inside it , and I do n't think it 's controlled by a person . I do n't think it was made by people . ''
To the dismay of many Eurekans , The Friend seems to be slowing down with age . `` It 's kind of sad , '' Old Town resident John Calvin told us . `` Its honk is getting lower , and there 's kind of a wheeze or a rattle to it . And I 'm not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing , but it 's definitely killing a lot less people . ''
In its heyday , The Friend would show up almost every month to embark on shocking rampages , sometimes staying in town for six or seven hours and slaying upwards of a dozen people . The all-time record was set on October 26th , 1977 , when The Friend killed 28 people , including then-mayor Walter Jones and noted sculptor Romano Gabriel . `` Nowadays , it 's a lot more sluggish . It shows up for three hours , maybe , and seems less driven in its terrible purpose , '' says Grassley . `` In the last few years , I think the most people it 's killed in a day is seven . ''
On its last visit in March of 2010 , The Friend made its first visible stumble : it tripped on a curb outside the Lost Coast Brewery on 4th Street and lay helpless on the sidewalk for several hours , honking and flapping its chain . `` It looked like a flipped tortoise , '' recalls Friendwatcher Lucas Morse . `` Eventually , some guys from the Humboldt State rowing team took pity and came out and lifted it back up . It killed one of them and left . Everyone seemed pretty bummed out . ''
Perhaps , if indeed it has feelings , The Friend was humiliated . It did n't shuffle back into town until its Wednesday visit , when it made another embarrassing blunder : as it wandered down 2nd street , it fixated on a small tree and began whipping it . Patrons of Has Beans Coffee watched nervously as The Friend spent nearly half an hour tearing the tree to pieces with its chain . `` I 've never seen it try to kill a tree before , '' said Has Beans clerk and longtime Friend of the Friend Shauna Francis . `` I think it thought the tree was a person . After a while it just honked a bunch and left . ''
`` It seemed confused . I 'm really scared that it 's going to die or something . ''
Fumbles aside , The Friend still has the power to impress a tourist , as Santa Rosa native Ann Sylvester found out . `` I was outside Los Bagels with my husband Bill , and we heard this terrible honking , like a sick goose . Before I knew what was what , this thing came out and flailed its chain at Bill and their whole head popped off like a champagne cork . It was terrible . ''
`` But on the other hand , I 'm glad I got to see The Friend , because people tell me they might not be around much longer . It was a very interesting experience . ''
Also killed by The Friend last week were local man Bobby Novak , 29 , and television presenter Joel Agnew , 64 .
Thanks to Russell Thorpe and Josh Gainsbrugh for art friendship .
When I was growing up I used to go hunting with my dad . Nothing fancy or cruel it was just one man with their child , their dogs and a 12 gauge catching little more than a cold . Most weekends we would go out rambling through fields with wax jackets and wellies on . On special days like the start of duck hunting season ( Sept 1st ) we would wake long before dawn , go out into the wilderness and await the morning chorus ( and the ducks of course ) but mostly it was a Sunday afternoon type of activity . One day we were out and had to cross an area which was spotted with gorse and other rough shrubs . As we were making our ways around and through this over-grown scrubland we came across a very disgruntled goat . Now when out hunting with dogs in tow a general rule of thumb is not to bother farm animals and give them a wide berth . Cows in particular can get very worked up when dogs are around so much so that on another occasion we nearly got trampled … but more of that later . On this occasion we decided to it best not to try and cross an animal with such intent in its eyes . We tracked back , turned and started moving along the other side of some hedges . The goat however followed and cut us off at the pass . Every direction we tried this goat would follow getting ever closer , all the while staring maliciously in our direction . We made it past that day without seeing any action but it was a pretty scary experience for the preteen little ol ' me and one I will never forget . I guess it was a sort of coming of age moment where I was introduced a type of adult fear or sense of danger . Thankfully I have never come across a goat with such evil intent again . Well that is until I saw a bottle of Jack Cody 's ‘ Duxie : Grapefruit Tea Pale Ale '
It pours a hazy light amber orange with a bubbly head . The head fades very quickly for the initial size . It smells fresh and lightly floral with a hint of caramel . Not at all what I was expecting . From the bottle and the mention of grapefruit I was kind of expecting big massive hop aromas . However , I did n't feel let down , more of a pleasant surprise . Plus it makes a nice change from the large number of hop forward ales and IPAs on the market . The taste is again light and refreshing with a relaxed yet solid bittering at the tail end of the taste . Straight out of the fridge this would be a great summer ale . As it warms the tea becomes more pronounced which is not to say it becomes undrinkable but just more noticeable . Over all this is very very drinkable . Not something I would buy often but still very nice . Kind of like a flavoured water but at 5 % it packs a bit of a punch .
1 ( Palawan ) , 2 ( Bornean ) , 3 ( Heude 's ) , 4 ( Visayan ) , 5 ( Celebes )
Aroma : 3/5
Taste : 3/5
Originality : 4/5
Overall : 3/5
Advertisements
“ Secret Thirteen Mix 061 ” is a deliberately measured , powerful and live recorded audio selection that connects 20 locomotive tracks by such influential techno artists as Xhin , Emptyset , Ancient Methods , Cassegrain and others . The mix consists personal creations and even 7 of them are still unreleased and never published before . Solid sounding expression is an absolute guarantee to every music lover who seeks for exclusiveness , originality and high-quality .
The author of the mix is Yu Miyashita ( b . 1984 ) , publicly known as Yaporigami , a Japanese electronic music artist divide time between Brighton , United Kingdom and Yamanashi , Japan . Active since 2006 , Miyashita has already released a bunch of outstanding records on Japanese labels such as +Mus , Hz-records . Miyashita has played at probably the most notable Tokyo underground places starting with Womb , Super Deluxe and finishing with Dommune and there is no doubt that they have gained a lot of experience and musical knowledge there . They create a beat orientated music that focuses on using mutated micro-sampled sounds , various glitch modulations and various energetic rhythm patterns . While generating their collage compositions Miyashita also runs their own label called vvhy . It is important to mention that Miyashita is a mixing and mastering engineer at studio Underarrow . This fact reveals why their sound is so clear , rich and in excellent quality . Secret Thirteen journal strongly suggests keeping an ear on this growing techno/IDM music personality keen to bring our readers some proper production .
“ Secret Thirteen Mix 061 ” is a dynamic and chivalrous mix that shows some profound techno gems at their best . The basis stand on the constantly rolling architectural rhythmics , artificial and wisely encoded melodic arrangement , thoughtfully programmed modulations . Each track is relevant , but at the same time subtly different by their texture , sophistication , complexity , stereo image , etc . In this mix every attentive listener can experience a mood related to lofts and underground clubs that have a wide , deep and lush sounding . Each Yaporigami 's touch to effect block , work with another technological sources that help to deconstruct and in someway remix played music , create a brilliant vitality . Accurate , stable and deliberate work with DJ mixer creates a smooth development of tracks that have enough space to expand and even subtly unfold in this complex wholeness . Skillfully produced and played records , innovative view to DJ-ing and efficient sound intention should enrich even diehard dance music critic 's library . It is also perfect for those who want to 'break ' their legs while listening or to create an impressive party at their home or office .
“ Secret Thirteen Mix 061 ” is like an extraordinary Joan Miró abstract art painting “ The Song of the Vowels ” where symbolic reductions of the flexible and unexamined forms create a thrilling fiction of existentialism . These controversial interpretations that vary among the agility , simplicity , joy , whimsical charm and nightmarish distortions undoubtedly mirror the versatility , intensity and profundity of Yaporigami 's mix . This recording somehow reflects author 's recent influences and a current constant stylistic mutation and renewal of techno scene .
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
He 's the boy from Burundi who arrived with nothing and may now have the world at their feet .
But Gael Bigirimana will never forget their roots and defiantly remains the antidote to most people 's perception of the modern-day Premier League footballer .
Not for the Newcastle United first-teamer , a BMW or Bentley . They drive a modest Corsa and their choice of motor tells you everything you need to know about “ Bigi ” .
They left their homeland as a refugee when a civil war saw Kalashnikov-toting rebels taking on Government forces .
It was so dangerous their mum Esperance , 46 , was forced to flee , leaving husband Bonnet , 52 , to care for Bigi and their three siblings . They did not see them again for four years , settling in Coventry .
Bigi fled to Uganda , and was 10 by the time they joined them in the UK where their big break came when their mum sent them to Asda for milk . Seeing Coventry City 's training ground , they went to ask for a trial . Scouts laughed at the cheeky lad , but were so impressed with their turn of pace as they left they made sure they came back .
Bigi said : “ I went to the reception at the training ground but my English was n't very good so they sent me to the scouts , Ray Gooding and Reece Brown . I told them I did n't have a team because I 've just moved to England . They said when I got to school and got in the team , they would come and watch me . I was overjoyed . But when I was jogging away , they stopped me then and there and told me to come back the next day . They explained to me later they saw athletic speed , but I was not really running ! I went on trial , then they signed me . ”
They moved to Newcastle last summer , a teen sensation already tipped for the top by Alan Pardew after their first Premier League goal , a 25-yard strike in a 3-0 home win over Wigan .
But it is not just Bigi 's abilities on the pitch which make them special . Their lifestyle could not be further removed from the nightclubs , WAGs and hedonistic behaviour associated with many footballers .
A star of the Magpies ' various community projects , they volunteer to visit schools so youngsters can learn from their life story , to see you can get a chance with the right attitude and talent .
Kids listen to their tales of life back home , where their parents would take in waifs and strays from the streets of Burundi 's capital Bujumbura .
Before the civil war , 12 people shared the Bigirimana home , a room in a house on a dusty street where they spent their early years honing the skills which were to propel them 4,500 miles to St James ' Park .
Bigi has the world at their feet now but says : “ We did not have any boots to play in when I was little so I played in bare feet on the dirt streets . There was no grass .
“ It was very competitive as well , each area would make up teams and we would all compete in a league at seven-a-side on a little pitch .
“ We used to see the Champions League games in Burundi and I used to support Real Madrid because I thought they were so good .
“ We all played football , even my little sister , and they were very good ! ”
Nana , 21 , and brothers Passy , 25 , and Ya Ye , 23 , are living with Bigi and their parents in a five-bedroom house .
Even here , they maintain the family tradition of helping others - cousin Ibrahim Ibrahim , 22 , has moved in , brother-in-law Luis Romero , 23 , is resident while they study for their soccer coaching badge , and Passy 's baby son Romeo , 18 months , is there too .
“ We had to get out of Burundi when the civil war began , ” said Bigi , who has just turned 19 . “ My mum left first and their sister brought them to England when I was six or seven . I did not see them again for four years . We had to get to a country that was safe and at first that was Uganda for us , for my mother it was England .
“ Growing up we would all support each other . My dad was a town planner , my mum braided hair , my brother worked in a shop , even when I was little I would run errands for the local shop .
“ By Burundi standards , we were doing well so we would take people in , help them , we had 12 people in our one room at one stage , uncles , aunts , family , friends .
“ It was n't just because my mum and dad are religious . It was out of the goodness of their hearts . That is how they have taught me .
“ We did not have a lot of money , but we always tried to help others . ”
It is an ethos which they intend to follow even as they rub shoulders with the multi-millionaires of the Premier League .
They say : “ We are all human . It is not my place to judge . Sometimes it is not easy , players are not robots or machines . We are expected to be perfect but we all have low times as well as highs . With all the attention , and praise , sometimes it can go to your head .
“ You have to make sure you do n't lose touch with reality . A footballer is blessed with a God-given talent that brings happiness to people . We need to share that gift . ”
They already have an eye on the future , opening a barber shop in Coventry , called Bigi 's Snippers and Clippers , with a Newcastle branch in the pipeline . They love learning languages , and jokes there is a mixture of English , French , Portuguese , and Spanish at home .
Their family is set to join fellow Toon star Shola Ameobi and their family at their church , to do more work in the community .
“ My parents taught me to think of others , ” said Bigi . “ They showed me life is not all about yourself . They wanted to see people in peace , so they took them in and treated them like family .
“ That is how I have grown up , and so , if I can , I go into the community and schools to give something back . We all go through bad times and I can not convince everyone but I can show them how I overcame my problems and help them reach their potential .
“ That is my aim , I believe God has put me in this place to help people .
“ That is what I 'll do . ”
MILWAUKEE - Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving was recently cleared for intensive weight-bearing activities , league sources informed Cleveland.com .
From here , the team 's training staff can intensify their leg-strengthening assignments as it sees fit , I 'm told .
This is a significant hurdle Irving has cleared in their recovery . The three-time All-Star is progressing , but this new phase in their rehabilitation from fracturing their left kneecap in Game 1 of The Finals still does n't grant them freedom for on-court work .
As coach David Blatt stated on Thursday , they still have `` a ways to go . '' When Irving builds up their legs to the point where they 're equally strong , he 'll receive the green light to begin practicing with the team .
And once they are permitted to practice , a week of full practice sessions with no setbacks is what the team needs to see before he 's allowed to make their season debut .
The stellar play of Mo Williams and Matthew Dellavedova has eliminated a sense of urgency in getting Irving back on the court . The focus is having them healthy for a long postseason run .
Irving 's recovery timetable was scheduled for 3-4 months . It has been a little over five months since they last played in game . They are not traveling with the team on this road trip .
