A question that makes you think is worth asking…
At the cusp of a new day , week , month , or year , most of us take a little time to reflect on our lives by looking back over the past and ahead into the future . We ponder the successes , failures and standout events that are slowly scripting our life 's story . This process of self reflection helps us maintain a conscious awareness of where we 've been and where we intend to go . It is pertinent to the organization and preservation of our dreams , goals and desires .
If you would like to maximize the benefits of self reflection , our new sister site , Thought Questions , is for you . A new illustrated thought question is posted daily . We recommend that you read and reread these questions regularly when you have some quiet time to think . After all , reflection is the key to progression .
Remember , these questions have no right or wrong answers . Because asking the right questions is the answer .
Here 's a sample of 25 recent thought questions posted on the site :
1 .
2 .
3 .
4 .
5 .
6 .
7 .
8 .
9 .
10 .
11 .
12 .
13 .
14 .
15 .
16 .
17 .
18 .
19 .
20 .
21 .
22 .
23 .
24 .
25 .
Thought Questions is updated daily . If you enjoyed the illustrated questions in this article , please visit the site for the latest content . Or subscribe to Thought Questions here via RSS or email .
A FEW years ago Singaporeans were treated to a song urging them to get busy for the sake of the nation . “ I 'm a patriotic husband , you my patriotic wife , lem me book into ya camp and manufacture life , ” went the ditty , accompanied by a video depicting a thrusting cartoon heart . This being Singapore , a stern caveat was appended : “ Only financially secure adults in stable , committed , long-term relationships should participate . ”
Some poor countries fret about excessive fertility . A typical woman in Niger , for example , will have seven babies . But birth rates have fallen so fast as the world has grown richer that many places now have the opposite problem ( see article ) . The fertility rate is 1.1 in Hong Kong , implying that each generation its population will fall by roughly half . In Japan , Italy and Germany it is 1.4 or less . As populations age and shrink , governments wonder : who will pay taxes or look after the elderly ?
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The cheapest and best way for rich countries to rejuvenate their populations would be to allow more immigration . Migrants need not be coaxed into being , and can start work straight away . However , an influx large enough to save , say , South Korea from demographic collapse would be politically unfeasible . Hence many rich countries ( and some middle-income ones like Iran and Turkey ) are trying to persuade their citizens to procreate more enthusiastically .
Plenty of environmentalists object , arguing that fewer people would be better for the planet . Maybe so , but people matter too , and countries with wildly different fertility rates can reasonably have different policies . Too sudden a population crunch can be excruciatingly painful . Just ask the Greeks , whose disastrous unfunded pension system was weakened by a fertility rate of 1.3 , or China 's legions of only children , who will one day have to support their more numerous parents .
Many liberals argue that the state should keep its nose out of family matters , but in practice this is hard . Simply by creating pension systems paid for out of general taxation , governments have drastically reduced the private incentive to have children—who were once the best security parents had in their dotage . A more useful question is which baby-boosting policies work .
Many do not . Nagging videos , even saucy ones , are probably ignored , as are medals for heroic childbearing ( plenty of Soviet-era ones can be found on eBay for a few dollars ) . Subsidies that governments offer to encourage births are often pocketed by people who would have had children anyway . And evidence from Europe suggests that longer parental leave does not encourage couples to have more children—though it has other good effects , such as making fathers into better parents .
Nurseries for nippers
The thing that seems to boost fertility most is subsidised child care . By cutting the cost of combining work and motherhood , this encourages both . Subsidised nurseries were pioneered in France , a country that has worried about national vigour ever since it was thrashed in the Franco-Prussian war of 1870 . It has been rewarded with one of the highest fertility rates in Europe . Cheap nurseries have also helped boost Quebec 's birth rate from one of the lowest of all Canadian provinces to one of the highest .
Few rich countries will ever go back to a fertility rate of 2.1 , the magic number which means that the population remains stable . And persuading women in southern Europe or East Asia to have more sprogs will be especially hard . Birth rates there have fallen so far and so fast that they may never bounce back . Countries like South Korea are stuck in a cultural bind : women fought their way into university and good jobs , but family life is far less egalitarian ( see article ) . Many women face a stark choice between an interesting career or a life making bulgogi and tempura .
Yet a culture can change , and the state can nudge it . Creating lots of good , subsidised nurseries would signal that women can keep pursuing a career , if they want to , even after having children . That would be good for women , good for productivity and good for the public coffers .
There should be `` proper accounting '' of what British special forces are doing in Libya , the chairperson of the Commons foreign affairs committee has said .
Crispin Blunt 's call comes after the Times reported that UK troops fired a missile to destroy a truck packed with explosives by Islamic State militants .
Mr Blunt said it was `` not surprising '' but there should be `` proper accounting for our strategy to Libya '' .
The Ministry of Defence does not comment on special forces operations .
The attack helped Libyan militias to halt IS 's advance on the city of Misrata earlier this month , The Times reported .
How IS 's Libya foothold threatens UK
`` The convention that we do n't comment on special forces operations or seek parliamentary authorisation will be undermined if they are used as conventional forces , '' Mr Blunt said .
They told the BBC : `` I do n't think it is particularly controversial that special forces should be taking on the forces of Daesh , the Islamic State . ''
It was `` certainly not a surprise '' because King Abdullah of Jordan gave a briefing to US congressional leaders , which was then leaked , that British and French forces were operating in Libya , they added .
`` There should be proper accounting for our strategy to Libya . Explain why British special forces are taking part in that strategy and the kind of role you would expect them to play [ while ] protecting their capacity for operations , '' they went on .
They said discussion was needed between the Commons government and the foreign affairs and defence committees .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Libyan pro-government forces celebrated after taking back the city of Misrata from IS militants
The BBC understands that British special forces - units from the SAS and SBS who operate in small teams - have been in Libya for more than a year , even though officially the government insists there are no British boots on the ground , defence correspondent Jonathan Beale said .
Last month a spokesperson for the Foreign Office said the UK was focused on training Libyan security forces to provide security for its newly-appointed unity government , but had no plans to deploy ground troops .
The foreign affairs committee demanded an explanation from the foreign secretary , amid reports the UK was preparing to send 1,000 personnel .
Earlier this year , UN experts said they believed the political and security vacuum in Libya was being exploited by IS , reporting it had `` significantly expanded '' the territory it controls in the nation and become `` increasingly attractive to foreign fighters '' .
New 'Mariachi ' Restaurant Makes Colorful Splash In Six Corners View Full Caption
PORTAGE PARK — El Mariachi de Los Compadres , 4929 W. Irving Park Road , became the latest restaurant to open in the Six Corners Shopping District Thursday , offering a smorgasbord of Mexican favorites and American staples .
Husband-and-wife duo Jose Gonzalez and Lizabeth Cuenca crafted their menu to satisfy a wide spectrum of tastes , they said .
In addition to family-sized platters and specials like chilequesos and steak alambres , the restaurant also offers a long list of grab-and-go American breakfast sandwiches , many of them under $ 5 .
`` There are a lot of parents who come in from Mexico , who may want an enchilada or something , '' Gonzalez said . `` But they have kids who were born here , who might want burgers or chicken nuggets , so we want to be able to serve them both . ''
The restaurant also serves up fresh-scooped ice cream and fruit juices , plus coffee , tea and horchata .
Gonzalez and Cuenca decorated the storefront with bright colors and sombreros to mimic the way traditional Mexican mariachis dress , they said . The owners plan to play the music daily , even inviting live mariachi acts to serenade diners .
`` Mariachi is very much part of the folklore of Mexico , and that 's the kind of concept we 're trying to create , '' Gonzalez said .
El Mariachi de Los Compadres is open every day from 7 a.m.-11 p.m . The restaurant will celebrate its grand opening Saturday , with special deals on some menu items , the owners said .
El Mariachi de Los Compadres Menu by DNAinfo Chicago on Scribd
The skipper of a sailboat that struck a whale off the coast of Nova Scotia says the vessel hit the behemoth with such force that the crew thought they had run aground .
Skipper James Muldoon and their crew were taking part in the Marblehead to Halifax Ocean Race , a biennial , 670-kilometre race from Massachusetts to Halifax .
Muldoon said their 24-metre yacht , Donnybrook , was cruising at 12 knots in the middle of the night . The impact stopped the yacht dead in the water .
`` I was tossed out of bed , and everybody woke up , believe me , '' they said .
The crew immediately started bringing out life rafts , thinking they had run aground .
`` They noted the position , they got ready to get on the radio in case we had a need . We had everybody pulling up the floorboards to see if we were taking on water , '' said Muldoon .
`` About the time that we were trying to figure out what happened , a whale 's tail , or fin , came up next to the boat and put its tail up in the air and flapped it a couple times and swam off , '' they said .
Muldoon said it was too dark to have spotted or avoided the whale .
They said it was a large whale , but the crew could n't identify the species .
The collision delayed the boat for half an hour .
Muldoon says divers later found blubber on the sailboat 's cracked keel .
The boat is now in Rhode Island for repairs .
The Donnybrook finished the Marblehead race , taking second place .
It 's not clear what happened to the whale .
The Marblehead to Halifax Ocean Race began in 1905 and runs every two years . More that 100 yachts participate in the 670-kilometre race across five different divisions that runs from Marblehead harbour , Mass. , northeast to Halifax .
Patreon
Livestream
Youtube
Twitter
Woooo , the cover for the Calendar I 'm putting together soon . Must not underestimate the remaining work , though . Doing the layout and everything . But , as far as the images go , I basically have enough for all the pages I planned , aside from some last minute tweaks here and there . I hope to be able to get it ready for ( test ) print by the end of next week . Should give me enough time to print it for HWCon.Edit : After HWCon I 'll plan on selling it online , and taking it to more cons down the line . A5 sized calendar shipped through regular mail . Although I do n't know yet how heavy it 'll be ( and thus exact shipping costs ) Will I mention them again ? Yes I will , because I do n't think I would 've gotten this far making this without the motivation and inspiration I got from Had too much fun making these , a lot of them and the ideas behind them were actually directed at them in the first place . To cheer them up and get them through some rough times . Although I did n't think it 'd become this size of a project haha . Worth every moment , though . And I might not end it here , but we 'll see where that goes after I fully complete this hehe.Anyhow , Here 's a list of the ones which I plan on including in the calendar ( in no monthly order yet ) : Little Nugget [ Removed from Calendar ] Little Hearts and Hooves [ Replaced 'Little Nugget ' ]
VICTORIA — The Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain pipeline project cleared one of its last hurdles Wednesday , picking up both environmental and political support from the B.C . government in exchange for a share of company profits shipping more oil from Alberta to Burnaby .
Premier Christy Clark said the “ unprecedented ” revenue-sharing deal is worth up to $ 1 billion over 20 years for the provincial treasury , or between $ 20 million and $ 50 million annually , depending on Kinder Morgan 's economic performance . In return , Clark announced Kinder Morgan had satisfied the last of their five conditions for support — a so-called “ fair share ” of the $ 6.8-billion pipeline 's economic benefits .
“ The project has met the five conditions , ” they told reporters at the legislature , indicating the other four had been met by the federal government .
Clark said the money will be earmarked for a new B.C . Clean Communities program , to provide grants to local community groups for things like stream rehabilitation , beach cleanup , park purchases and recycling programs .
B.C . also gave Kinder Morgan environmental approval for the pipeline — fewer than two months after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau green-lit the project federally .
The Trans Mountain expansion would twin an existing oil pipeline from Edmonton to Burnaby , tripling Kinder Morgan 's oil capacity to 890,000 barrels a day and increasing oil-tanker traffic in the ocean off Metro Vancouver .
The new pipeline expansion could begin shipping in 2019 , though it 's likely to face continued opposition and court challenges from environmental groups , First Nations and local politicians , who have said the pipeline represents a catastrophic environmental risk for an oil spill in coastal waters .
B.C . 's environmental assessment also warned of the pipeline 's potential adverse impacts on vegetation , old-growth forests , wildlife , the ocean and orca whales . But Clark redirected questions on potential harm back to Ottawa , whose National Energy Board review took precedence over B.C . 's process .
“ This was n't a project that was ours to approve , it was the federal government 's approval , ” said Clark . “ The Trudeau government and cabinet passed an approval of this project . Our job was to fight for the best interests of British Columbia . ”
Clark said their strategy was to be consistent for more than four years , in an attempt to get as much benefit as possible for B.C . on a project that was likely going to be approved by the federal government regardless .
As a result , they said conditions on land-spill response and First Nations consultation were satisfied . B.C . will also get more than $ 600 million of $ 1.5 billion in federal funds for ocean improvement , as well as a previously announced , second , heavy-duty tugboat for the South Coast and hundreds of millions of dollars in improved marine safety , ship-tracking , training and response upgrades .
The pipeline represents thousands of jobs , more than $ 19 billion in potential economic impact and comes with a deal by Kinder Morgan to hire B.C . workers where possible .
Kinder Morgan said the government 's approval was another important project milestone .
“ Trans Mountain shares the values and priorities of safety , environmental protection and prosperity for communities that B.C . 's five conditions represent , ” Ian Anderson , president of Kinder Morgan Canada , said in a statement .
The company had earlier said that the pipeline expansion — which will likely increase in cost — would need the approval of its board of directors headquartered in Houston , Texas .
The company has also said it 's looking for a partner in the project .
B.C . 's environmental approval added 37 conditions to the 157 conditions already established by the federal government . Many of the conditions established by B.C . require consultations with First Nations .
For example , Kinder Morgan must account for potential impacts to First Nations from temporary-worker camps and involve First Nations in plans to mitigate the impact of the project on grizzly bears , caribou and killer whales .
In one instance , a First Nation was singled out . The B.C . government requires Kinder Morgan to hire experts to prepare a report on an aquifer on the Coldwater First Nation 's reserve land south of Kamloops .
Kinder Morgan must also produce a report on its research efforts on heavy oil in fresh water and the ocean , with the objective of improving spill cleanup .
According to the London-based International Tanker Owners Pollution Federation , even in ideal conditions in oceans around the world , only 10-15 per cent of oil is likely to be recovered .
NDP leader John Horgan reiterated their opposition to the pipeline .
“ This does not change my view that some risks are too great , ” they said . If the NDP wins May 's provincial election , a new government will use “ every tool in our tool box ” to stop the pipeline , said Horgan .
The B.C . Green party called government 's approval a “ get-to-yes , no-matter-the-costs approach to economic policy . ”
Environmental groups — which have vowed to continue to fight the project with protest and legal means — lashed out at the province 's approval . The Sierra Club B.C . called it a “ sellout. ” Western Wilderness climate campaigner Peter McCartney said for the government to say the five conditions have been met is outrageous .
“ We still do n't know how to clean up an oil spill in English Bay and indigenous communities are still fighting this project in the courts , ” said McCartney . B.C . 's five conditions were political posturing , they said .
Eugene Kung , West Coast Environmental Law staff counsel , said B.C . relied heavily on the NEB 's conclusions in making its decision , despite the province 's own position that the NEB process was inadequate to evaluate spill risk . And B.C . 's conditions are largely planning and reporting conditions that are toothless and do n't mitigate risks , said Kung .
Burnaby Mayor Derek Corrigan said he 's still looking at legal options to block the pipeline coming through their community , where many people are passionately opposed .
“ I suspect that if they proceed with this despite that opposition , that people will very forcefully , make their opinions known , ” they said .
Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson expressed their disappointment in a statement issued late Wednesday .
“ The new conditions laid out today still fall far short of addressing the serious economic and environmental concerns raised by local residents , communities and First Nations .
“ Despite the federal government 's commitment to an Oceans Protection Plan , and the BC government 's support , even with a “ world class ” oil tanker spill response in Vancouver 's waters , a major oil spill would be absolutely devastating to our environment and economy . That 's why I continue to oppose Kinder Morgan 's pipeline expansion : it would create enormous risk to Vancouver and the BC coast . ”
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley — who travelled to B.C . last month to drum up public support for the pipeline — said B.C . 's approval will help Alberta 's battered economy , create jobs in both provinces and attract international investment to Canada . They had no objection to the company 's profit-sharing with B.C .
rshaw @ postmedia.com
ghoekstra @ postmedia.com
sip @ postmedia.com
— With files from The Canadian Press
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
The Venture Bros. are back , though , for now , the return only lasted an hour . “ All This and Gargantua-2 , ” a special mega-episode from the hit Adult Swim series , aired last night at midnight . With it , much will change in the familiar universe that writers Jackson Publick and Doc Hammer have spent more than a decade carefully crafting . What once appeared to be a simple comedy about an adventuring family , turned into a seasons-long saga with action , intrigue , familial drama , teen angst and , still , lots of laughs .
Without getting into spoilers , we can tell you that fictional lives have been dramatically altered over the course of the hour . There are characters that hardcore fans may miss , who return to the fold . Lives intertwine , for better or worse , inside a gorgeous space station filled with beautiful , and maybe a few sinister , people .
Paste caught up with The Venture Bros. writers Jackson Publick and Doc Hammer , who explained that the special essentially exists to connect the last batch of episodes ( which aired in 2013 ) with the forthcoming sixth season .
“ We had too damn much to say , and we had an idea for a huge , epic story that simultaneously wrapped up our entire fifth season , and fourth probably , and set the ground for all our big plans for Season Six , ” says Publick .
Season Six has been on the writers ' minds for several years now . Publick notes that , even when they started work on the fifth season , they knew where the story was heading . The trick was getting them there . With the special , they do it in a way that 's more cinematic than what fans of the show might expect .
Take the music , for example . J.G . Thirlwell , the prolific , experimental musician ( Foetus , Steroid Maximus and , this writer 's favorite , Flesh Volcano ) who has been scoring the show since its first season , creates a big screen sound that 's alternately more subtle and more dramatic than we might have anticipated . “ We did make a conscious effort to be a little more cinematic with the music , ” says Publick . ” [ Thirlwell 's ] scoring a little more specifically than we would normally do in an episode. ” As an aside , Publick notes that this score would n't work as well for the new episodes in production . “ It 's too film-y , ” they say .
There is a lot of story involved in the special . The Ventures , Brock Sampson , The Monarchs and a myriad other characters are heavily featured here . It took some cuts to squeeze in all the major points into an hour slot . “ I think we got in all the things that we wanted in this special , as far as actual mechanics , ” says Hammer . “ We did n't get in how we wanted to handle those mechanics . ”
Publick adds , “ There were three more scenes from the compound in the script that kind of developed as its own separate , hysterical adventure . In the end , we were seven minutes over time as it is. ” But in the end , that 's fine . “ Really , ” says Publick , “ all you need to know is how it started , and how it ended . ”
That 's going to make a big difference for people who watch the upcoming season . “ All that stuff is going to make a very direct impact on Season Six , ” says Hammer .
Publick and Hammer have a knack for writing episodes that can stand on their own , but also always push the plot forward . “ We write a lot of integral things into the episodes , ” says Hammer . “ It 's like a novel . There 's a lot of stuff going on . ”
Back in 2004 , when the first season of the show aired , the television climate was different . There were n't as many binge-worthy series on the air that we see today . The Venture Bros. stood out , not just for its humor , but for its narrative , which unfolds over seasons that are often separated by a couple of years . Hammer points out that there are a lot of “ great things to enjoy these days on television , ” but The Venture Bros. is still somewhat unusual for the U.S. , in that it 's an adult-oriented animated series . It 's often perceived as merely a comedy , but also has a grand , overarching story . It 's only been recently , with series like Archer and , now , Bee & PuppyCat and BoJack Horseman , that we 're seen more of this kind of storytelling .
As for that forthcoming sixth season , some episodes are still being written , while others are further along in the animation process .
“ We 're not funneling it into an ending , ” says Hammer .
Publick agrees . “ There 's always more to say and another place to take it , ” they say . “ I am no longer of the feeling that we will bring the whole thing to some kind of ultimate climax one day . ”
They add , “ I do n't ever want to end it . We may stop doing it , but to me it feels like these characters are just alive now . We may just get sick of documenting them . I do n't have a big end in sight for any of them anymore . ”
Liz Ohanesian writes about pop culture from their base in Los Angeles . For updates , follow them on Twitter or Facebook .
[ Ed note : This article was updated on October 19 to reflect the fact that the dining spot is open once again . ] A growing chain of healthy fast-casual dining spots has shut down one of its Boston shops because of health violations -- and this is the second location to be closed for violations in the past couple of months.WCVB Boston is reporting that Sweetgreen on School Street in Downtown Crossing has closed `` due to the nature and extent of the inspectional violations found , '' according to the city 's Inspectional Services Department . This comes on the heels of its Boylston Street shop in the Back Bay being closed for a short time in August after 20 health violations were found at that shop . The article says that workers could be seen cleaning the kitchen section of the Downtown Crossing store and that inspectors plan to be back on the scene tomorrow , presumably to give the shop the ok to reopen if the health issues have been rectified.The closing of the School Street location of Sweetgreen comes on the same day that another outlet opened nearby -- on Summer Street in the Financial District . Other locations of the chain can be found at the Ink Block in the South End , Fort Point , the Back Bay ( 2 ) , the Fenway , Chestnut Hill Square on the Newton/Brookline border , and MarketStreet Lynnfield . [ October 19 update : The Boston Globe states that the closing of Sweetgreen on School Street was voluntary , with the shop wanting to inspect the kitchen equipment and ingredients used while also conducting staff training . The article says that five violations had been discovered at the eatery , including four critical violations that included a major fruit fly infestation in the basement and heavily-soiled cutting boards . ( The inspection apparently took place because a diner developed a fever that included vomiting and appetite loss after having food from the place on Friday . ) ] [ October 19 update # 2 : Eater Boston states that Sweetgreen on School Street has reopened after getting approval by the city . ] [ Earlier Articles ] Follow us on Twitter at @ hiddenboston
Labels : Boston restaurants , downtown Boston restaurants , Downtown Crossing restaurants , farm-to-table restaurants , restaurant chains , restaurant closings , salad chains
Thursday was a busy day for the polls , with some bright spots for each candidate . But it made clear that Barack Obama maintains a narrow lead in the polling averages in states that would get them to 270 electoral votes . Mr. Obama also remains roughly tied in the polls in two other states , Colorado and Virginia , that could serve as second lines of defense for them if they were to lose a state like Ohio .
The day featured the release of 10 national polls , but there was little in the way of a consistent pattern in them . On average , the polls showed a tied race . Furthermore , among the nine polls that provided for a comparison to another poll conducted after the first presidential debate in Denver , the net result was unchanged , on average , with Mr. Obama gaining one percentage point or more in three polls , but Mr. Romney doing so in three others .
Photo
Mr. Obama held the lead in nine polls of battleground states on Thursday , as compared to three leads for Mr. Romney and two polls showing a tied race .
Photo
This tally exaggerates the lopsidedness of the polling a bit , since the state polls released on Thursday were something of a Democratic-leaning bunch , some of which had shown strong numbers for Mr. Obama previously .
Mr. Romney 's strongest number came in a Fox News poll of Virginia , which had them 2 points ahead there – a sharp reversal from a 7-point advantage there for Mr. Obama before the Denver debate . However , Mr. Romney 's worst poll of the day was probably also in Virginia , where Public Policy Polling showed Mr. Obama 's lead expanding to 5 points from 2 .
Among the 10 polls that provided for a comparison to another poll conducted after the Denver debate , Mr. Obama gained 1 percentage point , on average . The past week of polling suggests that Mr. Romney is no longer improving their position in the race .
Whether Mr. Obama has any momentum of their own , such as because of this week 's debate in Florida , is less clear . To me , it looks more like a gradual reversion to the mean than anything all that assertive .
At the same time , Mr. Obama has led in the polling averages all year in states that would allow them to win the Electoral College , and that remains the case now .
In the chart below , I 've summarized the current FiveThirtyEight forecasts in a rather comprehensive list of states in which each candidate has at least a 1 percent chance of winning , according to the forecast . The chart also lists the most likely range of popular vote outcomes in each state , enough to cover 90 percent of all possible outcomes .
There is more uncertainty about the outcome in some states – not just because some are closer than others , but also because of a number of other factors that the FiveThirtyEight forecast accounts for in formulating its probabilistic estimates of the potential range of outcomes in each state .
Our research suggests , as intuition might dictate , that the outcome in a state is more certain when there is a higher volume of recent polling there .
In addition , the outcome is more certain when the polls are more consistent with one another . If a candidate leads by almost exactly four points in every poll of a state , that is a more reliable advantage than in a case where some polls have the candidate up by eight points , but others show a tied race – even if these disparate polls show a 4-point lead for them on average .
Finally , some states are more “ elastic ” than others , meaning that they contain more swing voters . New Hampshire , for instance , is notorious for unreliable polling and for voters making up their mind at the last minute . This is probably not just a coincidence ; New Hampshire has a disproportionate number of independent voters , and their preferences are more fickle than those of strong partisans . Thus , holding a small lead in the polling average in New Hampshire will not translate into victory as reliably as in another state like Pennsylvania , which has fewer swing voters and where elections are usually come down to a contest to turn out the respective party bases . The FiveThirtyEight forecast accounts for these properties .
These details aside , it is possible to place the states in to several broad groups .
Photo
First come a set of blue-leaning states – Oregon , New Mexico , Minnesota and Michigan – which might theoretically have been competitive but where the campaigns have not spent very many resources . There is little reason , at this point , to expect them to play much of a role in the math on Election Night . If Mr. Romney wins them , or comes within a point or two of doing so , it will probably indicate that they are overperforming their polls across the board and is headed to a clear national victory .
Pennsylvania is somewhat more competitive , but Mr. Obama leads there by about 5 points in the forecast ( that was also their margin in a Rasmussen Reports poll of the state on Thursday ) . With the exception of one strongly G.O.P.-leaning firm , Susquehanna Research , no other polling firm has shown Mr. Romney ahead in the state all year . A 5-point lead in the state with a week and a half to go should translate into a victory for Mr. Obama more than 90 percent of the time , especially in a low-elasticity state like Pennsylvania .
Wisconsin and Nevada come next . While both remain winnable for Mr. Romney , they have featured among the more consistent polling ; Mr. Romney has led in just one poll of Nevada since the Denver debate , and none in Wisconsin .
If Mr. Obama wins Wisconsin and Nevada along with the states like Michigan where they seem to have a clearer advantage , they will have 253 electoral votes , putting them 17 votes shy of clinching an Electoral College majority .
Ohio , which has 18 electoral votes , is the state most likely to provide those votes to Mr. Obama . They lead in the FiveThirtyEight forecast by 2.3 percentage points in Ohio , and by a similar margin according to other Web sites that aggregate polls . The forecast gives Mr. Obama about a 75 percent chance of winning Ohio . This figure is , not coincidentally , close to Mr. Obama 's 73 percent overall chance of winning the Electoral College . ( Ohio has about a 50-50 chance of providing the decisive Electoral College votes . )
New Hampshire and Iowa have featured less consistent polling than Wisconsin , Nevada or Ohio , and both are high-elasticity states that provide less overall predictability . Mr. Obama has about a two-in-three chance of winning each one , according to the forecast . However , these states alone would not suffice for Mr. Romney to win the Electoral College if they also lost Ohio , Nevada and Wisconsin .
Colorado and Virginia appear as though they might be the closest states in an election held today . Mr. Obama arguably has just the slightest edge in Colorado , where three of four polls released on Thursday showed them ahead , and where a fourth showed a tied race – but those polls were a Democratic-leaning group , so it is probably best to view the state as a tossup . The outcome in Virginia , where the polling has been inconsistent all year and was so again on Thursday , is anybody 's guess .
However , the fact that Colorado and Virginia have been the closest states in the polling recently , and that both are fairly essential to Mr. Romney 's path to victory while being more superfluous for Mr. Obama , is evidence that Mr. Obama has an overall advantage in the Electoral College .
The forecast model continues to give a slight edge to Mr. Romney in Florida . There , in contrast to several other swing states , it has been the more methodologically reliable polls that have tended to show a clearer advantage for Mr. Romney . Florida is by no means a sure thing for Mr. Romney — Mr. Obama 's chances of winning it ( 35 percent ) are larger than Mr. Romney 's chances of carrying Ohio ( 25 percent ) , according to the forecast . But the polls in Florida have historically done a good job of predicting the result , and it is unlikely to leapfrog several other states and be the Electoral College tipping point on Election Day .
All of these holds doubly for North Carolina , where Mr. Romney leads by about 3 percentage points in the forecast and has about an 80 percent chance of winning .
Beyond North Carolina , there are n't very many states that Mr. Obama has a realistic chance to win , even if they are having a strong night overall on Nov. 6 . Arizona probably provides Mr. Obama their best hope , but the forecast still puts their chances there at only about 3 percent .
It 's important to keep in mind that the potential errors in the polls between different states are partly correlated with one another . That is , if Mr. Romney overperforms their polls on Election Day in a state like Ohio , they are also somewhat more likely to do so in other states like Iowa , especially if they are demographically similar .
The FiveThirtyEight forecast accounts for this property in its overall assessment of the Electoral College , and it is one reason why our forecast gives Mr. Romney slightly better Electoral College chances than other forecast models that might assume more independence in the state polling . However , we may be approaching the point where the state polls will have to be systematically biased toward Mr. Obama in order for Mr. Romney to have strong chances of prevailing on Election Day .
Homelessness is a very human problem that we 've historically dealt with in a pretty inhumane way in this country . While there are a lot of individuals doing amazing one-on-one work , our overarching policies have historically relied on carrot-stick-type incentivizing that treats homeless people as a problem that needs to be solved , not as a group of people who need our help .
Even the verbiage is stilted in a way that takes the humanity out of things : we talk about `` the homeless '' in a way that makes individuals pretty faceless , and even refer to efforts to provide housing as `` cleaning up the streets , '' in what seems to be a prioritization of aesthetics over someone else 's basic need for shelter .
In this episode of Now What , we meet a psychologist and homeless advocate who is attempting to inject some humanity into our approach to homelessness .
Sam Tsemberis has pioneered a philosophy called Housing First , and the basic tenant is exactly as simple and transformative as it sounds . Sam believes that we 've long been treating the symptoms of homelessness , not the root cause . They contend that what homeless people need first , before mental health services , addiction counseling , job training or anything else , is simply a home . And based on the results , he 's absolutely right .
In the episode , we chose to focus largely on one person , Tony , and their story as they move through the Housing First program . We think it 's the best way to illustrate the truly transformative power of Housing First , but for folks curious about a more detailed dive into the program , we 've compiled a quick Q & A below .
Who is paying Tony 's rent ?
The Housing Authority of County of Los Angeles ( HACOLA ) pays a portion of the rent with federal funding from Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) . Tony , and any other individual granted a voucher , puts about 30 % of their income towards rent , and the voucher covers the remaining balance .
Is there a maximum rent he 's allowed ?
HACOLA has payment standard and will not rent over a predetermined amount , which they arrive at after evaluating rent medians in the surrounding area . The amount is different for each person based on their income and family size .
What are the terms of their voucher ?
The terms of Tony 's HUD VASH dictate that they must be compliant with terms of their lease , like any other renter , as well as VASH and the Housing Authority . The Housing Authority will conduct an annual home inspection and financial evaluation to make sure Tony remains within the low income bracket or median area income . Beyond that , a person can remain vouchered for life .
What are their obligations to the Housing First program ?
Traces of a historic site
Image copyright Barr Construction Image caption Barr Construction will build a brew-house and install new tanks at the BrewDog site in Ellon
Barr Construction has won a £5m contract to expand brewer and bar operator BrewDog 's headquarters in Aberdeenshire .
The contract includes a new 300-hectolitre brew house , which will be added to the existing Ellon facility .
Barr will also be responsible for installing 20 new tanks and building a three-storey office at the site .
The Paisley-based construction firm said work was due to start on the new brew house later this month .
BrewDog , which was founded eight years ago in Fraserburgh by James Watt and Martin Dickie , is undergoing major expansion to meet growing demand for its products .
Its turnover this year is expected to top £32m .
In addition to brewing , it owns more than two dozen bars , the majority of which are based in the UK .
This will be one of the final projects delivered under the Barr Construction banner . The firm is to take on the name of its Northern Ireland-based owners McLaughlin & Harvey under a rebranding move .
Four years ago tomorrow , James Young 's life changed for ever in a freak accident when they fell under a train .
As well as sustaining multiple injuries - including collapsed lungs , a fractured skull and face , rib fractures and cracks in their spine - they damaged their left arm while their left leg was severed below the knee at the scene .
James , then 22 and working as a biological scientist , had been about to board a Docklands Light Railway train in East London for a night out with friends .
James Young , 26 , from London , became 'part cyborg ' in experiment that fitted them with prototype bionic arm
Walking too close to the platform edge as the train pulled in , they had put their hand out to push the button to open the doors . But the momentum of the still moving train caused them to spin and lose theirs balance .
They fell between two carriages . 'My friends looked round and could n't see me , ' they say , having pieced the incident together from CCTV footage , as they have no memory of it .
'The train stopped and my friends got on it and pulled the alarm . Two men helped them to look for me . The guy who found me , David Kelly , climbed under the train and talked to me to keep me conscious . '
An air ambulance helicopter took them to the Royal London Hospital , where their parents - Philip and Karen , retired City of London Police officers - and sister Elle rushed to be with him .
They were kept in an induced coma for 12 days to protect their brain and stabilise him . At first , surgeons removed dead tissue infected by dirt and oil from the train tracks , but were eventually forced to amputate their left arm .
'Initially , my parents had been told I had broken my leg and arm . They did n't know how bad it was until they saw me , ' says James , who needed 12 operations to rebuild their face and body .
Four years ago they fell under a train and suffered injuries including collapsed lungs , a fractured skull and face , rib fractures and cracks in their spine - as well as a damaged left arm and severed left leg
After three and a half months in hospital , they were discharged to go home with a standard issue NHS prosthetic leg and arm , which they describe as 'ugly - peach-coloured and obvious ' .
More importantly , the arm had limited capabilities , with a hook instead of a hand .
'And the prostheses are operated by straps and strings , which is uncomfortable to do on a traumatically amputated stump , ' they say .
Though the prostheses were better than no left arm and leg at all , such manipulation difficulties just caused them new problems .
To add to their woes , James found it hard to return to full-time work - especially as they had phantom limb pain and had to take heavy-duty painkillers , which left them fatigued .
They are , they say , 'in a dark place ' . ' I kept trying to measure myself against a fully-bodied , healthy , able human , which was unreasonable . '
I did n't want to look like The Terminator because my job involves talking to doctors about the drugs they use . I did n't want to look as if I 'm going to kill someone
A year ago , however , James 's life changed again - this time very much for the better - when they became 'part cyborg ' in an extraordinary experiment that fitted them with a prototype bionic arm .
James , a video games fan who uses their good right arm to play , answered an online advertisement from gaming company Konami , which was looking for an amputee interested in road-testing a futuristic prosthetic limb .
It combined ground-breaking robotics , connected to nerves and muscles in the shoulder , with state-of-the-art aesthetics to provide a unique design that reflected the wearer 's personality .
Thanks to James 's enthusiasm for video games , they fitted the brief .
Their bionic arm was fitted at the London studio of prosthetics artist Sophie De Oliveira Barata , creator of the Alternative Limb Project .
Sophie , who has worked on special effects for films , designed James a bespoke metal arm with an attached plastic articulated hand worked by muscles in their shoulders .
The muscle signals are detected by sensors attached to the skin of their shoulders - the sensors are connected to a harness across the top of their body that then operates the arm and hand , all powered by battery .
Their bionic arm was fitted at the London studio of prosthetics artist Sophie De Oliveira Barata
Sophie was responsible for the overall look , with another company , Open Bionics , making the robotic hand using a 3D printer . Standard NHS prosthetic arms have a hook or pincer-like gripper .
But James 's new hand moves - and feels - more like a real hand and can be cleverly controlled to pick up the tiniest objects , such as a coin , thanks to the 'commands ' sent by the shoulder muscles communicating with the sensors .
As James puts it : 'It gives me a hand - and not a device . It 's soft , but firm , so it 's really nice to shake ! '
The cyborg-style arm also features a laser light ( for effect rather than any practical use ) , a torch ( to help them find their way around at night ) , a USB port ( in the wrist opening behind the hand ) to charge their phone ; a watch and even a drone ( fitted on a panel on the outside of the shoulder ) .
It 's inspired by a character called Snake , a maimed action man from the game Metal Gear Solid . Clad in sleek silver body armour , the whole effect is like something out of a sci-fi movie .
Getting the look of the arm right was important .
The prosthetic limb combines ground-breaking robotics , connected to nerves and muscles in the shoulder , with state-of-the-art aesthetics to provide a unique design that reflects the wearer 's personality
' I did n't want to look like The Terminator because my job involves talking to doctors about the drugs they use . I did n't want to look as if I 'm going to kill someone , ' says James , whose part-man , part-machine new life with their robotic arm is explored in a new BBC3 documentary , which is available to view online from tomorrow .
At 6ft 5in , James cuts a striking figure with their new arm . Down-to-earth and sunny natured , what really marks them out is their complete lack of self-pity .
' I do n't know what to say when people tell me my attitude is good ; it 's not good , I 'm just doing it , ' they say .
'If stuff is harder to do , it just means you have n't yet figured out a way to do it . '
The surgeons bore out some bone marrow and slide in a metal rod instead , so your bone cells can start to integrate with it
For all the benefits of the arm , they ca n't wear it all the time : as well as taking it off to shower or sleep , they have to have a rest from the weight - at 4.7 kg ( 10lb ) with the battery , harness and the layers of heavy gel used to mount the prosthetic arm on the skin of their shoulder stump , it 's heavy .
And since it 's a prototype , it needs to go in for regular fine-tuning , like a car being serviced .
Designs for fully articulated cyborg legs and feet are even further advanced than hands , because legs are more at risk of being severed in accidents . James is planning the next stage of what could be termed their bionic body-building by getting titanium implants in their left leg and shoulder , which will strengthen both areas .
For remarkable though the hand is , it has n't yet reached its full potential because of the 'primitive ' way the robo-arm is attached to their body .
If that could be upgraded with titanium implants so the arm slots into this directly , they say it could transform their new hand 's ability to lift things or wave like a real limb .
Implants will also give them much more strength .
'The surgeons bore out some bone marrow and slide in a metal rod instead , so your bone cells can start to integrate with it . '
The cyborg-style arm also features a laser light ( for effect rather than any practical use ) , a torch ( to help them find their way around at night ) , a USB port to charge their phone ; a watch and even a drone
Implants in the leg would help them bear their weight better while using a standard leg prosthesis - at the moment , it hurts too much to wear it for long , so they use a wheelchair every day . But these titanium implants will be available only to military amputees in the UK , in trials by the manufacturer announced by the MoD for next year . There are no plans yet to extend trials to civilian amputees .
So James has started a fundraising campaign to get the implants , known as direct skeletal fixation or osseo- integration . Longer term , they could raise enough money to get a cyborg leg , too .
Meanwhile , Open Bionics is trying to get the bionic arm medically approved in the hope of persuading the NHS to make it widely available to amputees in the UK .
The argument is that it becomes cost-effective by saving money on physiotherapy and other treatments a patient might need through their lifetime .
The maker had approached me and asked : 'What 's the main problem in your life that you ca n't do ? ' ... 'Nothing '
Professor Sethu Vijayakumar , director of the Edinburgh Centre of Robotics and Chair of Robotics at Edinburgh University , believes technology has progressed so fast - with its price also coming down because of 3D printing - that robotic limbs could be widely available for just a few thousand pounds within a few years .
As well as helping amputees , robotic devices are being developed to help stroke patients operate paralysed hands again .
A new life is opening up in more ways than one for James , who recently made their speaking debut at a conference bringing science and technology together .
And they recently received a backhanded compliment - being told that they are n't disabled enough for a disabled version of a new Bear Grylls adventure programme .
'The maker had approached me and asked : `` What 's the main problem in your life that you ca n't do ? ''
'And I said : `` Nothing - apart from not being able to run every day round the London Docks to de-stress like I used to . ''
'So they picked someone else instead , ' they grin .
Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET
Standalone versions of Microsoft Word , Excel and PowerPoint were announced today for iPhone , bringing better editing and creation tools to the small screen . The apps , which are an extrapolation of the previous apps for iPad , are free to download and universal , which means one download will now work on both your iPhone and iPad .
It 's important to note these apps are n't just a port from the iPad versions , but an update that gives you more features across both devices , and now each app is optimized for the device it 's running on . The apps all let you edit docs on the go , but also offer more advanced features for subscribers of Office 365 .
Before today 's announcement , there was only Office for iPhone , a single app that let you connect with your OneDrive , but it did n't have any of the document creation features of the new suite . The other problem was you needed to be a subscriber to Office 365 to do anything more than read documents in the app . The launch of these apps changes all of that .
Office goes freemium
You can download all three apps later today from the App Store for free and all come with basic editing features to get up and running on your Word , Excel and PowerPoint projects right away . But if you want advanced features , you 're still going to need a subscription to Office 365 .
To give you a few examples of the difference between free and paid , here are some everyday scenarios . In Word , you can receive a document from a subscriber in landscape view and make edits to words , fonts , font sizes and font color , but you wo n't be able to switch the document to portrait -- that 's an Office 365 premium feature . Likewise , if you receive a document that organizes text into columns , you 'll be able to edit the text , but you wo n't be able to change the column format .
In Excel , you can edit cells with new data or text , but to create custom tables with different colored rows and columns , you 'll need the subscription . Like Word , if you receive a table that 's been cutomized in these ways , you 'll be able to edit data , but you wo n't be able to change these options .
There are several limitations just like these across all three apps . So what you 're getting with the free version is the ability to edit text and data in Word , Excel and PowerPoint , but you ca n't make major formatting changes without a subscription . Still , while you 're limited in the free version , it 's much better than the previous Office for iOS because you at least can make changes to documents , where before you could only read them without a subscription .
Screenshot by Jason Parker/CNET
Separate apps mean more options
Now that there are standalone apps for Word , Excel and PowerPoint , you get a lot more creation tools with each app on your iPhone . And what 's interesting here is that it works great on the smaller screen ; the iPhone gets a Ribbon-like interface ( known to desktop Office users ) that 's easy to use with one hand to fit with the iPhone form factor .
Where on the iPad you have tabs across the top for Home , Insert , Layout , Review and View , you now have the same selections as a dropdown menu on the iPhone . You can scroll through all the options for each type on the lower portion of the screen then make your selections .
The iPhone version also gets a separate view called Reflow to make documents easier to read on the small screen . Say you 're looking at an average 8.5 by 11 document with images and charts added in . With the Reflow button you can make the whole document fit better on your screen so it 's easy to find the places you want to edit or change .
Now that it 's free , why pay for a subscription ?
The free apps , while useful , do n't give you all the same features , so it 's going to come down to how much you use Office .
If your only interest is in making small edits while on the go or creating basic documents , you probably do n't need a subscription . But if you want to create complex brochures with custom colors in Word , customize Pivot Tables in Excel , or use the Presenter view from PowerPoint on your iPhone , you 're going to need to pay .
Screenshot by Jason Parker/CNET
If you do want to pony up for more features , there are a few different pricing tiers for Office 365 subscriptions . For $ 9.99 , £7.99 or AU $ 12 per month , you can get Office for five computers and five mobile devices that include downloadable desktop apps , the mobile apps described here , and free Web-based versions of Office . If you just want a subscription for yourself , you can spend $ 6.99 , £5.99 or AU $ 9 per month for the desktop and mobile versions for one device each , and the free Web-based version . There are also several subscription plans for businesses depending on the size of your organization .
Store your projects in more places
With a free Microsoft Live account , you automatically get 15GB of free space on OneDrive -- Microsoft 's cloud service -- where you can save and open documents across your devices .
This latest version also adds Dropbox support to all devices , so between the two services , those who want to make basic edits can easily get by on storage space using the free versions of each service .
What about Android ?
Microsoft says that beta testing has started for Android tablets already and will become available in 2015 . It also says that a version for Android phones ( with similar features to what you see here ) will be available shortly afterwards .
Screenshot by Jason Parker/CNET
No cost for entry
Though the free versions are limited , the separate iPhone Office apps are welcome additions . They let you do more than you could with the previous Office for iOS app , and they 're free for basic edits without having a subscription . They 're also optimized for iPhone with menus and features built for navigating and reading documents on the smaller screen .
By breaking out the apps and offering free versions for iPhone to add to the iPad apps , Microsoft has effectively made the Office apps a viable alternative to Apple 's iWork suite , giving you another option for productivity on the go .
Whether you get a subscription to unlock all the power features is up to you , but if you download the free apps and see how flexible and easy they are to use , you just might pull the trigger .
Editors ' note : We will be updating our full reviews of the Office apps for mobile soon .
Campaigners urge need to learn lessons of success for Corbyn 's radical politics
THE GENERAL ELECTION has been a disaster for Theresa May and the Conservatives , and seen Labour under Jeremy Corbyn grow its strength considerably .
But it also saw the SNP lose 21 seats , losing ground to both the Scottish Tories and Labour .
Leading activists and thinkers from the 2014 independence movement offered CommonSpace their thoughts on what lessons can be learned .
Scottish Green co-leader Maggie Chapman
pic.jpg
“ The SNO did win , and that point is worth making . They won most , more than half , of the seats .
“ But they have lost seats , and that 's potentially an indication of a few things .
Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP never articulated a really clear message about independence . So there was n't a galvanising of the independence vote around the SNP like there was two years ago . Two years ago that memory was still very clear – of the defeat and the lies that had been told by the Better Together campaign .
“ What the SNP has failed to do in the last couple of years is articulate a clear left vision for Scotland , and Corbyn was doing that . They were presenting ideas and policies that , certainly the Greens have been talking about for a long time . Nationalising utilities cancelling student debt , that sort of thing .
“ These ideas have n't been well articulated in the national debate in Scotland since the independence referendum . ”
Common Weal Director Robin McAlpine
“ The indy movement must not wobble over this . This is not about independence .
“ A big chunk of what happened here is that precisely the group who gave the SNP its big majority in 2015 , have been looking for that indyref spirit and failing to find it in the SNP , have found it in Corbyn .
“ Another chunk of the indy vote has simply not been motivated by the SNP . We can be pretty sure the Tories have sewn up the hardcore unionist vote . There 's still some in Labour , but I think if you were to chip underneath , you 'd find that Labour has shed unionist votes to the Tories , and gained votes from the SNP , among the working class who want change .
“ There are two crucial points to be made about this .
“ Number one : independence referendum is two words . We 've only talked about one of them . We 've new spent a year talking constantly and terminably about a referendum and about referenda . They are n't popular or interesting .
“ We have n't talked about independence . If we do n't talk about independence nobody will want it .
“ Secondly , this is n't a good result , but I 'm sanguine about it , because I can absolutely see positive outcomes .
“ People will be able to see that we will not take another step towards independence , until we can separate independence from party politics . The SNP has done little or nothing to build an independence movement beyond its own borders .
“ We are going to need a mass , extra-parliamentary , national campaign to win independence . ”
Historian and writer Gerry Hassan
pic.jpg
“ This has been a terrible SNP campaign . Directionless . Clueless . Without any kind of key messages and strategy and bereft of political intelligence and in particular how to speak to non-SNP Scotland . This belies a wider failure . The SNP never openly assessed how the 2014 indyref lost and fell short as an offer . They then never fully understood Peak SNP , but embraced the politics of hubris and majoritarianism , without ever offering a politics of substance or any boldness .
“ The SNP have oversold the mythology that they are a centre-left and social democratic party : one which has been too critically bought into by SNP and indy cheerleaders . The SNP 's record has had many positives , but more and more as it has become comfortable in office , the negatives have come to the fore : the SNP leadership as the new class and insiders of Scotland saying and doing nothing on domestic policy such as education and health , beyond excusing their own failures and weaknesses . ”
“ This was the first ever post-neo-liberal UK election . This is to be welcomed and Corbyn 's Labour rode a wave of anger which was waiting to find a champion . The SNP big tent of the 2014 indyref of invoking social democracy while advancing the orthodoxies of neo-liberalism are over . Alex Salmond embodied this ; Nicola Sturgeon promised to be more centre-left , but has delivered little .
“ The whole project of independence needs rethinking . It is n't just about the SNP and can not be left to them . We need to address what a post-neo-liberal independence would look like : one which is n't about the claptrap of finance capital , economic determinism and crony capitalism . And it has to offer a more pluralist , humane and humble politics : one which allows for more dialogue and spaces . That will be a big challenge to the SNP but change they have to – otherwise the only way is down . ”
Radical Independence Campaign co-founder Jonathon Shafi
The radicalism of Corbyn 's manifesto has caught much of the same mood that powered the 2014 independence referendum , across the UK and in Scotland .
The Labour vote was absolutely not a vote for the union or the status quo , and many new Labour voters are independence supporters .
But this reality not only gives the lie to Kezia Dugdale 's claims that Labour votes are votes for the union . As an opponent of Corbynism they have to say this .
It 's also calling for a profound reassessment of the vision of the independence movement .
The left of the movement has always maintained that support for independence is fundamentally about the desire for radical social and political change . It is not about independence for its own sake .
For independence to remain relevant and realisable in coming years , it will need to re-connect with the spirit of rebellion of the 2014 referendum and with those inspired to vote for Corbyn . It will need to become a serious force for change in the here and now .
We must all now take responsibility for this reassessment .
The vote for radical politics that hit the SNP should at the same time give confidence to the SNP left to take bold action . Let 's turn everything to the left . That is a only way to combat the Scottish Tories , around whom the unionist vote is re-organising
And that is how we can exploit the weakness of Westminster to advance anti austerity and radical demands .
Musician and writer Pat Kane
pic.jpg
There was an explicit public campaign coordination between Unionist parties in Scotland to maximise the anti-independence vote - and the SNP explicitly ran away from the challenge , downgrading its own previous commitment in this election .
In a way , the surge towards Corbyn it confirms the long-standing SNP strategy of moving their tanks onto Labour 's lawn by outflanking them on the left . Is it a surprise that if Labour puts its tanks ( mostly ) back on that lawn , that some left-oriented SNP voters may well come back to the fold ?
What maybe should be a casualty of this election for the SNP is a kind of top-down managerialism and message-control of the movement - symbolised by the departure of Angus Robertson and Alex Salmond . It was the youth turnout and social media that won a battle against Dacre and Murdoch on a UK national level for Corbyn - that was the same vitality that powered the Yes movement . Have n't we lost some of that ?
I think the most interesting aspect of this is the fact that Corbyn has made a ‘ Lexit ' advance - that is , they 've used the freedom from EU regulation and competition rules to add up the budget numbers in a quite different way , moving to the left of where the SNP has positioned themselves on some socio-economic issues ( though on Trident , SNP still holds the moral high ground ) . I 've thought for a while that SNP should have expended a lot more effort on articulating a ‘ remain and reform ' position on the EU a lot more clearly . It may be too late for that now - soft Brexit is now the territory opening up . All kudos to Sturgeon for having their ‘ differentiated ' Brexit option ready to dust off and offer to the process . But the old ‘ independence in Europe ' position - for the moment - will have to be stood down ( which I rather bitterly regret ) . We 're not heading for Denmark , on our own , any time soon . But we should try to get to Norway , in the UK context , at least .
CommonWeal head of policy Ben Wray
pic.jpg
“ We all need to learn in Scotland from the astonishing success of Corbyn 's campaign . Visionary , radical ideas can inspire people , and can win . Areas like Coatbridge and Springburn are among the poorest in Scotland ; they were inspired to vote Yes in 2014 and they have been inspired to swing back to Corbyn 's Labour now . That is n't a turn against independence , as Kezia Dugdale would have you believe . It is a turn in favour of a manifesto that was the most radical Labour has stood on for many decades , and in Corbyn a politician who they know is serious about changing things .
`` Nicola Sturgeon will be making a big mistake if they respond to this poor result by doing what Dugdale and Ruth Davidson want : kicking independence into the long grass . The SNP performed poorly because they over-estimated how Europhile Scots are and they underestimated the need to motivate and mobilise working class yes voters in 2014 with a radical agenda and inspiring vision . Voting Corbyn is n't voting against independence - it 's vital the independence movement understands the difference . ”
Pictures courtesy of Documenting Yes , CommonSpace , Twitter
Keith Ellison . Photo via Wikipedia
Pay Attention ! We 're About to Decide Whether the Democratic Party Lives or Dies The Democratic National Committee is electing a new chair — and the consequences could n't be more dire Andrew Dobbs Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 14 , 2017 by ANDREW DOBBS From Feb. 23 to 26 , 2017 , the Democratic National Committee will elect a new chair , one of the most consequential votes in the party 's history . While there are no fewer than 10 people vying for the position , the contest is seen as a heads-up race between Minnesota member of congress Keith Ellison and former U.S. Secretary of Labor Tom Perez . The race is also considered a choice between the party 's establishment — largely backing Perez — and progressive grassroots activists , especially those who lined up behind Bernie Sanders in last year 's presidential race — all of them now behind Ellison . Bernie 's political movement has coalesced around several nascent or revitalized institutions , especially the Revolution national political network and the Democratic Socialists of America . As millions of Americans have been looking for a way to plug into progressive political efforts in the wake of Pres . Donald Trump 's ascension these organizations have experienced explosive growth . Sign up for Defiant 's daily newsletter DSA and Our Revolution , however , have one foot out of the door of the Democratic Party . If Ellison is elected they will likely work with the Democrats , but if Perez wins there will be strong incentive to bolt . This race gives new insights into the profound crisis facing the party — ending Trump 's regime is the primary political demand of the moment , but the Democratic Party ca n't accomplish this straightforward task because it wo n't surrender its allegiance to the very forces that created him . The choice between Ellison and Perez will determine whether they seek to solve this crisis or deepen it , but what 's best for the movement may not be what it seems . Political splits like this are always rooted in different sets of material interests , and they express themselves in different answers to basic questions . The basic question at the root of the DNC chair race is — “ What responsibility does the Democratic Party bear for Trump 's election ? ” If the Democratic Party is centrally responsible for Trump then there are fundamental problems at the heart of the party that need to be addressed in an emergency fashion . If other forces external to the party are to blame then the Democrats can remain basically the same with just some strategic shifts needed to get things back to normal . Concretely , this is about who has what power . If the party is fine and does n't need radical change then the people who have always had power in it should retain their power . If the party has problems at its core then the people running it to date need to be replaced with new people and political elements . Ellison 's faction , of course , takes the latter position . The party bears a fundamental responsibility for Trump 's election by putting too much power in the hands of corporate-friendly moderates out of touch with both the suffering of the U.S. masses . The solution is to ditch the party 's current ruling class and re-establish roots in the progressive grassroots . ‘ Peaceful ' Anti-War Movements Are Bullshit
You want real peace ? Fight for itmedium.com Perez 's side takes the other stance . The Democrats made mistakes for sure , but the real solution is to improve the party 's “ messaging ” and to better market the same group of leaders . This is why Perez received the support of Joe Biden , Virginia governor and former DNC chair Terry McAuliffe and most of the Obama cabinet members that have bothered to endorse in the race . But the powerful individuals really in question are the unaccountable class of elite political consultants that have gotten filthy rich off of the party and controlled its decision-making in the era of recent hack leaders such as Debbie Wasserman-Schultz and McAuliffe . Perez is very much the preferred candidate of these operatives , which helps to explain the nature of the divide . If you make your money developing propaganda for the party then your interest is in convincing them that they need to spend more money on more and better propaganda — it 's a problem of “ messaging. ” You certainly do n't want your main sales leads in the party structure getting the heave ho , so you likewise have an interest in keeping the party 's ruling class intact .
Tom Perez . Photo via Wikipedia
Finally , since you spend the campaign off-season doing market research and other propaganda services for major brands and lobbying for professional associations and big corporate clients you certainly ca n't tolerate any political line skeptical of corporate power as a whole . A “ pro-innovation ” message that idolizes Silicon Valley , a “ corporate responsibility ” message that matches the bullshit coming from your P.R . buddies at the big brands , a little lip service to the most polite and least effective big unions — also clients — a liberal “ internationalism ” that justifies imperial intervention in places that benefit your multinational clients and a heavy dose of cultural liberalism to comfort your big city , degreed social milieu and to justify not just joining the GOP . This is the political center of gravity for these folks , and for the Democratic Party they 've dominated for more than a quarter century . This “ message ” has been a disaster for the party . In the 25 years since Bill Clinton sealed the neoliberal wing 's victory the Democratic Party has gone from long-standing dominance of U.S. politics to an isolated and structurally disadvantaged minority with a garbage brand in most of the country . The numbers have been reported in lots of places — more than 1,000 legislative seats lost in the last seven years , 57 years of House control in the 61 years before Clinton and only six years since then , only five states under total Democratic Party leadership today versus 25 for the GOP . Anybody argues that the Democratic Party does n't need a fundamental change of direction is either grossly uninformed or making money off the party 's failure . Ellison 's base is neither — it is rooted in the party 's progressive grassroots which is typically organized around social movements on the front lines of the GOP 's rightwing assault on life and liberty . They also see how the Democrats ' out of touch policies combine with the distress brought on by decades of bipartisan neoliberal depredation to make voting for the Democrats a very low priority for working class constituencies . Ellison will ultimately empower these elements by shifting to a more community-based , grassroots organizing model that centers the political priorities of these movements . Ellison is prioritizing the organizers over the consultants and social movements over corporate interests . Buy ‘ This Is an Uprising : How Nonviolent Revolt Is Shaping the Twenty-First Century ' The Democratic powers-that-be have responded with predictable levels of distress and anger . The most intense attacks against them have invoked Ellison 's college-era work organizing the Minnesota contingent of the Nation of Islam 's Million-Man March and mild student newspaper editorials critical of Israel . Haim Saban , a billionaire , creator of the Power Rangers ( really ) , arch-Zionist and the Democrats ' largest individual donor called Ellison “ clearly an anti-Semitic and anti-Israel person ” because Ellison — the first Muslim member of Congress — dared to echo international law with regard to Israel 's criminal actions against the Palestinians . The Palestine/Israel issue itself is not important here , but what it symbolizes about the race and the lines of cleavage within the Democratic Party is . The fact that one reactionary billionaire donor can freeze the entire party crystallizes the Democrats ' major problem . Imagine how another set of donors responds to suggestions that medicine be socialized . Now you understand how Obamacare comes to pass . Bullshit trade agreements , hostility to the fight for a $ 15 minimum wage , refusal to prosecute anybody for the financial crisis or to break up banks — this episode makes it all clear . Even Ellison themselves flaked on the Palestinian question after this , but they nonetheless represents at least a partial re-examination of party positions driven by craven donor service . Perez is most emphatically all about more of the same . So what 's going to happen ? Either Perez wins , Ellison wins , or one of the other candidates emerges as a compromise candidate — functionally not much different from electing Perez . If Perez or a compromise candidate like South Bend , Indiana mayor Pete Buttigieg is elected there will be very little reason for the Bernie crowd and their booming political formations to stick with the Democratic Party . The party insiders are the folks , you 'll remember , who put their thumb on the scale to ensure that Bernie lost the nomination .
The 2012 Democratic National Convention . Photo via Wikipedia
It 's no secret that the future of computing is likely to happen in two places above all else — artificial intelligence ( AI ) , and on the cloud . Amazon , one of the tech world 's primary darlings , did n't really start turning a profit until Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) began powering a huge portion of the Internet . Jeff Bezos and co. realized what a powerful resource fast , reliable cloud computing would become to 21st century organizations and made a massive move in that direction . Never one to seed market dominance in the digital world to a rival , Google has made a game-changing move themselves , only this time , it layers AI on top of its cloud offering .
To that end , Google will soon launch a cloud computing service that provides exclusive access to its new artificial-intelligence chip , which Google 's engineers designed themselves . What 's more , the chip is purpose-built to teach and train neural networks
CEO Sundar Pichai announced the new chip and service this morning at Google I/O , its annual developer conference .
Neural networks are simply large arrays of computers ( or parts of computers — we 'll get to that in a moment ) crunching away at enormous amounts of data in the hopes of recognizing patterns and learning how to think on its own . For the most part , companies developing their own neural networks build GPU farms ( Graphics Processing Units ) to train the neural network how to think . GPUs were originally designed to render graphics for intensive computational tasks , like video games or movie editing , encoding and exporting , but have since been repurposed for applications such as these . nVidia , a Silicon Valley chipmaker , has owned this market for some time now .
According to a Wired article summarizing the announcement , Google is now “ providing some serious competition with a chip specifically designed to train neural networks . The TPU 2.0 chip can train them at a rate several times faster than existing processors , cutting times from as much as day down to a several hour , says Jeff Dean , who oversees Google Brain , the company 's central AI lab . ”
Google christened the new chip “ TPU 2.0 ” or the Cloud TPU ; it 's version 2 of the custom-built processor Google has been using to drive its own AI services , most notably image recognition and machine translation , for the last two years .
The Wired article goes on to compare the newest Google offering to those of its competitors :
Amazon and Microsoft offer GPU processing via their own cloud services , but they do n't offer bespoke AI chips for both training and executing neural networks . But Google could see more competition soon . Several companies , including chip giant Intel and a long list of startups , are now developing dedicated AI chips that could provide alternatives to the Google TPU . “ This is the good side of capitalism , ” says Chris Nicholson , the CEO and founder of a deep learning startup called Skymind . “ Google is trying to do something better than Amazon—and I hope it really is better . That will mean the whole market will start moving faster . ”
These moves can have massive impacts for custom software development , as well as completely transform the way businesses use digital tools . The applications of the future will almost certainly include AI integrations to make immediate , actionable sense of your data . And , the more and more data you and your clients/customers create , the more the neural network learns , adapts and improves . But , instead of having to outlay huge amounts of capital to built GPU arrays capable of marshaling a neural network 's resources , you can simply rent the capacity from Google for a monthly fee .
Our digital assistants will get better and better . Speech and facial recognition will grow by leaps and bounds . Operational efficiencies will skyrocket . Business intelligence will be smarter and more insightful than ever . The number of applications for such a service is mind-bogglingly large , and soon , it could be built into every digital tool at your and your company 's disposal .
Regardless if Google ultimately wins out in this battle for neural network supremacy , it 's great for the technological ecosystem . It might be that Amazon or nVidia figure out how to train neural networks faster and more efficiently through some other process or hardware , but that does n't really matter to us as developers or consumers . What matters is that the industry is moving ever-faster toward an AI future , and with Google throwing its hat in the ring , the pace of innovation could heat up something fierce indeed .
The meeting was held at President Rouhani 's residence and the two discussed major regional and international developments .
Later in the day , President Rouhani is to hold separate meeting with their counterpart from Uzbekistan Islam Karimov , Indian Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj and Iranians residing in Tajikistan .
The Iranian President arrived in Tajikistan on Wednesday to attend the 14th summit meeting of the SCO .
They are in Tajikistan on the second leg of their five-day regional tour which had earlier taken them to Kazakhstan , for the first time since they took office in August 2013 .
President Rouhani is accompanied by a high-ranking political and economic delegation including several cabinet members .
On the sidelines of the SCO summit , President Rouhani is to hold separate meetings with leaders of the member states .
The Shanghai Cooperation Organization or SCO is a Eurasian inter-governmental organization which was founded in 2001 in Shanghai by the leaders of China , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Russia , Tajikistan , and Uzbekistan .
The Organization has currently six full members . Iran , Mongolia , Pakistan , and India are observer states and SCO 's dialogue partners include Belarus , Sri Lanka , and Turkey .
1394 * * 1422
There is no such thing as the perfect hangover , although anyone who has known more than one of them seems to have the perfect hangover cure . The roast beef sandwich , I 've heard it said repeatedly , ca n't be matched .
Hangovers are not serious enough to be considered a medical condition , and there is , actually , no remedy for them—apart from old wives ' tales and roast beef . They 're neither a bad cold nor the flu , though they 're serious enough to keep some in bed . But are hangovers always bad ?
Hangovers were for a long time associated with stock market crashes ; the 1929 crash has been written about as if it were the hangover after the wild 1920s . Whether or not traders are more likely to hit the bottle after precipitous falls in the value of their shares is hard to say—not least because it is n't clear what 's going on with markets . Are the fallen masters of the universe at Bear Stearns drinking away what remains of their portfolios ? One hopes that an enterprising sociologist is doing fieldwork in the bars near the bank 's headquarters .
It 's easy to understand why , after a swift turn of fate , some men would resort to drink to numb the pain of the losses . But is it possible that it 's not so much the drunkenness these men are after as its aftermath ? A hangover provides something less intangible and more felt to consider than the horror of newfound poverty . One opinion has it that in circumstances such as those , a hangover is n't a disaster ; during one , you decide to begin life all over again , swearing that , no , there will never , not ever , be another experience like this one . The born-again movement has always seemed to be an alcohol-related phenomenon .
Life-changing hangovers are part of popular myth . In the movie ThePhiladelphia Story , if it were n't for a hangover and how it was arrived at , there would be almost no twist to the plot . Tracy , played by Katherine Hepburn , realizes she 's not in love with the man she 's about to marry in the midst of such a bad hangover that they ca n't remember what happened the night before . In the movies—or some of them , at least—the hangover is often a form of punctuation or a paragraph shift , a moment of blistering agony but also of remarkable clarity . ( In real life , the clearest of thoughts do n't always emerge when you 're trying to suppress the throbbing going on inside you head . )
How many hangovers there are in the United States a year is an impossible question to answer : Different people react to drink in different ways . In Scotland , a country famous for its drinking , the hangover remedy bought in shops , Irn Bru—iron brew—is known by some as the true national drink , more than the scotch that has you drinking Irn Bru the next morning . It is said to be made from girders and , like spinach , gives you enormous strength—so much of it that you can will yourself out of any old hangover .
Edmund Wilson said they once inflicted a hangover on T.S . Eliot . “ I gave them bootleg gin , ” Wilson told a friend about an evening they spent with the poet . “ He is so shy that you have to drink with them to talk to him—and we both got into bad condition . The next morning they had an awful hangover and said their joints creaked , and I felt as if I had wantonly broken some rare and exquisite vase . I have felt guilty about it ever since. ” Remorse is one reaction to a hangover , even when it 's not your own . And though the hangover itself always dissipates , the remorse sometimes does not , often because it 's about neither the hangover nor the drink but something else—such as a broken vase or a lost friend .
But if remorse is one part of the hangover , so is resolve—the refusal to give into the worst of it . This resolve is n't always there ; capitulation is just as common . But the refusal to give in , or give up , is n't uncommon , and it 's not always fueled by Irn Bru . Years ago , the story goes , an English cricket team toured India , and a maharajah believed they could influence what would be a five-day game by getting two of the players drunk . So they did , and the two men woke up the next morning with bad hangovers . Worse , when the game began , they were the first two players to bat . Yet they survived the entire day—all six hours of it . The adversity of their hangovers appeared to introduce further circumspection to their playing . As in baseball , keeping your eye on the ball is essential for a batsman , and I 've heard this tale told to numerous players feeling the worse for wear before the start of a game—to remind them that this may be , improbably , their best day .
Kingsely Amis , for some the hangover godhead , knew all about the resolution associated with hangovers . They said of them that they exerted “ a great restraining influence ” on life . They also laid down the principle that anyone who says they have a hangover has no hangover , an observation that others less experienced than they might disagree with . Then again , it 's not as if experience or another person 's wisdom is tremendously helpful in identifying a hangover , and being told about hangovers worse than your own is really no cure .
The Scots , the Irish , the Welsh , and the English seem to have special relationships with the hangover . Why do societies drink ? The answer is obvious , in a way , but not entirely . Several years ago , Nature , the science journal , published a report suggesting that drink was , from a biological point of view , engrained among the British . There are historical reasons for that . Fermented drinks contained none of the bugs that could be found in water . In Dublin in the 1940s , it was n't unusual for people to give the young children Guinness when the water was n't potable . Contamination-free water is one of the greatest public-health achievements of the last 150 years , and although a glass of water is often the last thing anyone with a hangover wants , it 's the absence of water that 's partly responsible for the hangover .
Not that there was anything peculiarly Irish , Scottish , English , or Welsh about bad water or about drinking brewed or fermented drinks—or about the hangover . F. Scott Fitzgerald was a bit of an expert . “ The hangover , ” they said in a description of New York in the 1920s , “ became a part of the day as well allowed-for as the Spanish siesta. ” The test pilots Tom Wolfe wrote about in The Right Stuff operated on conditions of a near-permanent hangover . It was their fuel . Flying and drinking and drinking and driving was the military ethos—that 's what you did . That 's easier to understand among people for whom there really may not be much of a tomorrow . Not everyone is a test pilot living with the prospect of their next and potentially fatal crash .
Drinking and hangovers were for years part of the legislative process on Capitol Hill . In Sean Wilentz 's The Triumph of American Democracy , 850 pages pass with barely a drink mentioned . That 's a remarkable achievement ; in reality , congressional committee chambers in the first half of the 19th century were stashed with liquor every night when there were to be deliberations over a bill , as Joanne Freeman , an immensely witty historian at Yale , pointed out in a recent talk about the violence among members of congress in antebellum Washington . Much of the violence on Capitol Hill during that period—and there were an immense number of fights within Congress before the Civil War—was fuelled by drink and hangovers . And much of the drinking , one suspects , was to fulfill that old Scottish piece of drinking wisdom known as the hair of the dog : The drink to get you out of this hangover and into the next one .
Christopher Hitchens has written memorably about smoking and drinking ; in fact , there 's almost no better place to begin a consideration of the hangover than with an essay they wrote in the early 1990s on drinking and smoking , which appears in their book For the Sake of Argument . As Hitchens points out , there has been a nicotine ingredient in the modern hangover , and quite a few people swear that it was n't the drink that did them in the night before ; it was the cigarettes . “ Only a fool expects smoking and drinking to bring happiness , ” Hitchens wrote , “ just as only a dolt expects money to do so . Like money , booze and fags are happiness , and people can not expect to pursue happiness in moderation. ” In the absence of moderation , there will always be hangovers , and when one has finally receded there will sometimes be the elation at having seen it off—sometimes not .
Hangovers are typically of the morning , but they can last all day . Eventually , they pass . Life moves on . Never again is something that you say .
This is the third post in my blog series : bugs.kde.org for developers .
Today 's blog post in my series on bko for developers is about searching in bugzilla . Now you will say searching is easy I know all about it : trust me if you are not a developer of Amarok/Phonon , Plasma , KWin , Solid or Telepathy you will learn new things . Yes bko can even tell me if you know how to search 😉
Searching by bug number
On each page of Bugzilla you have access to the quick or simple search through a very prominent field . This is a great search field for users , but mostly useless for developers : you do n't want to use it . A more detailed explanation can be found in the help on Quicksearch .
Quicksearch is a wonderful tool if you already know the bug number or alias you want to go to . But if you already know the bug number you do n't need to use Quicksearch , but you can use a web shortcut in combination with KRunner :
The web shortcut “ bug : ” allows searching in bko with search term either bug id or alias independent of used browser . If you do n't know about alias : you can give each bug a human readable name – the alias . That is particular useful if you have a bug report which has many duplicates like the one in the screenshot . To set an alias you need to edit the bug summary which reveals a field to enter the summary . Use the alias wisely : you need to remember it and remember that bko is a global database , so better use a prefix .
The Advanced Search
The real search for developers is the Advanced Search . It has an entry in the global navigation , but I recommend you not to use it , but to set a bookmark on a slightly adjusted link with “ & product= “ . You will most likely just search in your product and bko hosts many products and especially many which start with a “ k ” ; - ) .
Now what is important to know about the Advanced Search is that it is not about searching like e.g . Google . Of course you can also use it to search in bko , but it 's much more powerful . It is the key to turn bko into a tool to support your workflow . In my last post I wrote that I use emails to get all information about bugs for kwin . This is only partially true , I start to transit to using only searches .
Why is the search so powerful ? It allows you to search on any information you put into the bug . You want to have all bugs in a specific component reported between beta tagging and beta release ? No problem with advanced searches . You want to see all bug reports with a specific target milestone and having a patch as attachment ? No problem with advanced searches .
I use the searches for example to see all bugs which have changed for KWin in the last 24 hours . That is very similar to what I also have in my mail inbox . But it 's better : it gives me the context on how I need the bug . What 's the status of the bug ? When has it been changed before ? Is it scheduled ? Confirmed ? Triaged ? All this information I have in one table , but are missing in the mails . It allows me to better schedule when I want to work with the bugs .
Other searches I use are for bugs with a specific target milestone . It is so to say my personal TODO list . It needs more work , but it can be tuned into telling me what I have to work on today .
So it is a very powerful tool and the UI is very complex , that 's why I can not introduce all the specific features in this post . I can only suggest to start reading the documentation and experiment with the search capabilities .
Saved Searches
As mentioned the searches are very powerful and that means it takes quite some time to get the query in the way you want to have it . And if you use the same query again and again ( e.g . all bugs changed in the last 24h ) you do n't want to spend five minutes on setting up the query each time .
Of course bko has something for you : saved searches . Whenever you perform a search , underneath the search result there is an input field to name and remember the search :
As you can see the saved searches are shown in the footer of each page and you can always get to a search by just one click .
Defining searches and saving them is already a quite important feature to efficiently work with bko . But you normally work in a team and you can expect that your teammates have to search for the same things as you do , right ? It would be a pity if everybody has to setup the searches . Of course bko has a solution for this problem . Go to Preferences - > Saved Searches . Here you can edit and manage all your searches but even more important you can share your search with groups .
If a search is shared it is listed on this page and you can just add it to your searches shown in the footer . So all the searches defined by your team members can be made available for the complete team . As shown in the introduction only very few teams make use of this feature , in fact it looks like half of all saved searches are for Amarok/Phonon . And Amarok is one of the products which got the bug count quite low over the last few years . So learning from the great work done there will help you .
Going Through Search Results
When working with the searches it 's of course important to see the information you really need . Therefore the search layout can be customized using “ Change Columns ” . This allows you to add/remove and reorder the columns listed in the search . Of course you can save the layout for each of your searches or just change the layout for your current session .
If you use the searches to go through a list of bugs , it can be very useful to not use the default tabular layout but to switch to the “ Long Format ” . This shows all bugs in the search result aggregated . That is you have all the comments and all bug fields . A quite useful feature also when searching for a duplicate . Unfortunately this view can not be used to edit bugs , for that you still have to properly open the bug .
Bko also keeps the context when you open a bug from a search result . That is on each bug page you have pagination to navigate through the search result . If you change a bug by default bko will also open the next bug from your bug list , but you can change this behavior in the preferences .
To avoid being particularly adamant about a single point in the comments thread to a recent post by Peter Lewin , over at Coordinational Problem , I 'll try to re-state what makes the Mises–Hayek theory unique against other forms of what can only be defined as malinvestment from a much broader angle here . To provide some context , below I excerpt one of the final comments Bill Woolsey makes towards Peter Lewin ,
I think there was a housing bubble that involved substantial misallocation of resources . Nothing worse than many other missalocations of resources , but substantial . I do n't think an excess supply of money was a significant cause of the housing bubble . And so , that part , ( if any ) of the housing bubble due to an excess supply of money was trivial compared to other misallocations for resources due to changes in technogology , international and domestic competition .
I do n't intend to comment on the possibility that unanticipated changes in technology , demand , and international competition undermined global markets . I find the idea preposterously at odds with “ Austrian ” theory of entrepreneurship ; that is , the entrepreneur as a predictor and responder to this sort of changes . But , it leads me to the more important point : what differentiates malinvestment , within the context of the Mises–Hayek theory of industrial fluctuations .
One of Mises ' most valuable insights is the role of prices and monetary calculation in the use and distribution of resources . This formed not only the basis of their attack on socialism , the public ownership of the means of production , but also the foundation of their understanding of the workings of catallactics , or the market process . I think that this insight , for the most part , is lost upon non-Austrians ( and maybe some Austrians , as well ) , and it makes it difficult to judge Austrian ideas . This is what seems to be occurring when Woolsey compares intertemporal malinvestment to any other form of investment which does n't pan out against the future . For him , what characterizes all these types and gives them their essence ( forgive me , I 've been reading Popper 's three piece “ The Poverty of Historicism ” series ) is that they all end in loss . I do n't think this does the Mises–Hayek theory justice .
The entrepreneur tasks themselves with risking resources against the uncertain future , and this can lead to either profit or loss . But , it 's profit and loss — in turn , related to monetary calculation — that helps the market coordinate by constantly redistributing resources to those who use them the best , or at least relatively profitably . It 's this process , in conjunction with the idea that the successful entrepreneur is the one which best predicts ( even accidentally ) and adapts to future conditions . Historically , I think , the evidence shows that the market has been stable , except for sudden periods of mass loss . This is what business cycle research seeks to explain , and I do n't think “ random change ” is a good explanation . Random change happens all the time , and as such it does n't make much sense to isolate specific years and suggest that these where when things changed the most .
Alternatively , we can look at changes in the underlying factors with simultaneous lack of change by part of entrepreneurs from the angle of Arnold Kling 's “ patterns of sustainable specialization and trade ” ( PSST ) . I do n't find Kling 's explanation of the crisis very satisfying , because it does n't offer a robust explanation of why the profit–loss process suffers a sudden breakdown . In other words , it 's not strongly based on the foundations of monetary calculation that should describe any catallactic theory of industrial fluctuations . This kind of theories deny entrepreneurs the relative flexibility that theories of entrepreneurship accord them .
What makes the Mises–Hayek theory unique ? Why does it get around my reservations placed on alternative explanations ? The theory of intertemporal discoordination gets at the root of catallactics : monetary calculation . A net increase in the supply of money that targets the penultimate and previous stages of production changes the rate of profits between these interrelated firms , causing entrepreneurs to invest into lines which would otherwise be unprofitable . The time during which this occurs is variable and depends in part on two major factors ,
The lag between the injection and the gradual distribution of income to the “ original factors of production ” ( e.g . land and labor ) ; The willingness for monetary authorities to continue injecting money .
Allow me to emphasize a crucial takeaway : the value of certain ( capital ) goods changes ; i.e . they are distorted by ‘ artificial ' changes in the rate of profit . What reveals the malinvestment is the sudden collapse of the value of these goods , caused by a drying up of the sources of what Hayek calls “ phantom profits ” — money injection . This phenomenon is what Hayek refers to as “ capital consumption. ” It does n't necessarily involve physical consumption of capital , but a reduction in the value of a particular stock or fund of capital ( for an in-depth elucidation of this concept see “ The Maintenance of Capital “ ) .
Unlike other theories , the Mises–Hayek one suggests why a mass of loss can occur , and it involves the central and key concept of monetary calculation . All other theories based on change , structural or otherwise , are inadequate , largely because they isolate themselves from ideas that would automatically undermine their validity — e.g . the theory of entrepreneurship and the theory of monetary calculation . In this sense , the Austrian idea is the most complete .
A provincial Liberal official was forced to apologize Monday after comparing the Parti Quebecois to Hitler 's Nazi party .
Amina Chaffai , an adviser to Labour Minister Julie Boulet , mocked the PQ 's socialist and nationalist leanings on Twitter .
Chaffai made reference to the full name of Hitler 's Nazi party – the National-Socialist German Workers ' Party .
`` The # PQ is a nationalist and socialist party , '' Chaffai wrote on the weekend . `` Adolf Hitler 's party used the national-socialist name . ''
Premier Jean Charest did not comment but Chaffai quickly retracted the tweet , and even seemed to dissociate themselves from having every written the remark .
`` These words were not mine , '' Chaffai tweeted . `` ( They ) do not reflect any opinion I have ever held . I apologize if they shocked people . ''
The retraction was not enough for PQ candidate Pierre Duchesne , who demanded Charest make an official apology .
`` Making parallels between the PQ and Nazism is frankly unacceptable , '' they said . `` We 've always been a great democratic party concerned for respect among people `` ¦ this is especially insulting to all victims of Nazism . ''
The Liberals and the PQ are locked in a tight race . Quebecers will go to the polls on Sept. 4 .
Smilodon
Name : Smilodon‭ ( ‬Knife Tooth‭ ) ‬ .
Phonetic : Smie-lo-don .
Named By : Peter Wilhelm Lund‭ ‬-‭ ‬1842 .
Classification : Chordata , ‭ ‬Mammalia , ‭ ‬Carnivora , ‭ ‬Felidae , ‭ ‬Machairodontinae .
Species : S.‭ ‬populator‭ ( ‬type‭ ) ‬ , ‭ ‬S.‭ ‬fatalis , ‭ ‬S.‭ ‬gracilis .
Type : Carnivore .
Size : Individuals usuaully around 1-1.2 meters high at the shoulder . largest species by body weight is S. populator .
Known locations : Throughout North and South America .
Time period : Throughout the Pleistocene , ‭ ‬till the very early Holocene .
Fossil representation : Hundreds of individual specimens .
Whenever you hear someone mention a‭ ‘ ‬Sabre Toothed Tiger‭'‬ , ‭ ‬what they are really talking about , ‭ ‬whether they realise it themselves or not , ‭ ‬is Smilodon.‭ ‬This is because Smilodon does not belong to the same cat family as Tigers , ‭ ‬which belong to the Pantherinae group.‭ ‬As a member of the Machairodontinae , ‭ ‬a more acceptable generic name for Smilodon is‭ '‬Sabre toothed cat‭'‬.‭ ‬This is not to be pedantic‭ ; ‬it 's just about being factually correct so that people do not learn the wrong information .
Smilodon has a very wide expanse in the fossil record with the earliest species S.‭ ‬gracilis being known from the early Pleistocene till the Ionian stage about five-hundred-thousand years ago.‭ ‬Not only is S.‭ ‬gracilis the earliest species of Smilodon , ‭ ‬it is also the smallest with weight estimates between‭ ‬55‭ ‬to a‭ ‬100Kg .
S. fatalis is more intermediate in size with estimates of‭ ‬160-280Kg.‭ ‬Its entry in the fossil record incorporates the final three sixths of Smilodon 's temporal range‭ ‬1.6‭ ‬million years ago near the start of Calabrian , ‭ ‬till the early Holocene ten-thousand years ago.‭ ‬This overlaps the existence of S.gracilis by a little over one million years .
The largest and last species of Smilodon is S.‭ ‬populator , ‭ ‬known in the fossil record from the upper part of the Calabrian till the early Holocene ten thousand years ago.‭ ‬Study of Smilodon remains also indicates that for a period of five-hundred-thousand years between the Calabrian and Ionian stages , ‭ ‬all three species would have existed and been active at the same time as one another.‭
One interesting hunting theory is that Smilodon would lurk in the tree canopy waiting for a prey animal to walk underneath.‭ ‬Smilodon would then drop out of the trees and onto the animals back , ‭ ‬sinking its teeth into it is necked before it even knew what had hit it.‭ ‬This is especially plausible for S.‭ ‬gracilis , ‭ ‬as if its size estimates of‭ ‬55-100‭ ‬Kg are correct , ‭ ‬it would be in roughly the same weight class as a modern leopard , ‭ ‬a big cat which is known to spend a lot of time in trees .
However , ‭ ‬S.‭ ‬populator was a much larger species of Smilodon , ‭ ‬and as such would need either larger or more prey.‭ ‬With maximum weight estimates approaching half a metric ton‭ ‬ , ‭ ‬its large weight would also restrict its ability to drop from the trees.‭ ‬Although it may still have been able to drop from rocks which would be better able to support its weight , ‭ ‬this still may have been a too passive method of hunting to support itself as a larger body would require more food to fuel it.‭ ‬For this reason it is highly likely it would at least on occasion switch to a different method of finding food .
1 - ( large ) , 2 - Miracinonyx ( American cheetah ) , 3 - Xenosmilus , 4 - Panthera leo atrox ( American lion ) , 5 - Homotherium
Large numbers of Smilodon have been recovered from the La Brea tar pits in California.‭ ‬In fact the recovered remains are in the hundreds , ‭ ‬with an unknown number still waiting to be found.‭ ‬Smilodon would have been lured to this predator trap on the false promise of free food as other animals had become stuck and began struggling and calling out in distress.‭ ‬Many carnivorous animals , ‭ ‬not just Smilodon , ‭ ‬ended up getting stuck themselves as indicated by the vast numbers and types of remains .
This indicates that Smilodon like other predators was not above scavenging , ‭ ‬either at La Brea or other locations.‭ ‬This does not mean that Smilodon was just a scavenger , ‭ ‬in fact cats from the largest Tigers to the smallest domestic house cats are all active predators , ‭ ‬which is why even well fed pets will still kill birds and bring them back to their owners .
While direct fossil evidence has not been found , ‭ ‬Smilodon are sometimes envisioned as being pack hunters in a similar fashion to modern day lions.‭ ‬Although perhaps not the fastest of runners , ‭ ‬two or three Smilodon jumping upon a large prey item could have used their combined strength and body weights to wrestle their prey to the ground.‭ ‬Once restrained , ‭ ‬one of the Smilodon would then be able to finish the prey off with a bite to the neck , ‭ ‬severing the arteries and closing the windpipe .
Although the large‭ '‬sabre teeth‭ ' ‬of Smilodon appear to be devastating weapons , ‭ ‬they were actually very fragile for canine teeth.‭ ‬Just as you can use a lever to magnify force to lift an object , ‭ ‬the oversized teeth would also have been susceptible to magnified forces.‭ ‬Smilodon also had weaker jaw muscles than many other large cats that had smaller teeth , ‭ ‬perhaps as an adaptation to reduce exposure to potentially teeth breaking stresses . ‭However , weaker muscles would also allow Smilodon to open its mouth wider , and as we shall see , that is a vital adaptation .
A key feature of the jaws is the enormously wide gape.‭ ‬Compared to one of today 's lion 's that can open their mouths to‭ ‬60‭ ‬degrees , ‭ ‬Smilodon could double this by opening its mouth to‭ ‬120‭ ‬degrees.‭ ‬Although impressive on paper , ‭ ‬this is actually a very necessary adaption if it were to get full use of its teeth without also being handicapped by them.‭ ‬Considering that the teeth were up to‭ ‬28centimetres long , ‭ ‬the lower jaw would barely clear the bottom of the teeth if it could only open by‭ ‬60‭ ‬degrees .
Smilodon may have also been a delicate eater due to the two larger teeth getting in the way of the smaller canine teeth.‭ ‬This would mean that Smilodon had to take smaller bites from a carcass as the large teeth were not suitable for tearing off large chunks.‭ ‬They may however have helped to hold bones in place while Smilodon chewed on them with its rear teeth , although the weaker jaw muscles probably meant that Smilodon did not spend much time trying to crack open bones .
Returning to the above proposal of pack hunting in Smilodon , ‭ ‬there are two areas of support for this theory.‭ ‬The first is the paleopathology of Smilodon remains.‭ ‬Many of these specimens show signs of injuries to bones and the areas of muscle attachment that are so serious they would take weeks , ‭ ‬and even months to heal , ‭ ‬and would be enough to prevent a Smilodon from actively hunting.‭ ‬In solitary creatures these wounds would mean that the animal could not hunt and would actually starve to death , ‭ ‬but many of the Smilodon specimens show that they healed.‭ ‬This means that the injured Smilodon had to get its food from somewhere while it recovered , ‭ ‬and one explanation is that it was supported and fed by other members of the group.‭ ‬This behaviour can be observed in prides of lions today .
A second piece of support references a study of African carnivore reactions to the sounds of distressed animals.‭ ‬When the investigative team played back the sounds , ‭ ‬they noticed that social carnivores would approach the sounds , ‭ ‬whereas solitary ones would typically give them a wide birth.‭ ‬This suggests that when smaller carnivores hear the distress calls , ‭ ‬they know that not only are larger carnivores coming to investigate , ‭ ‬they are coming in their numbers too.‭ ‬A smaller carnivore is smart enough to know that if it goes to an area where large predators are not just present but numerous , ‭ ‬it will likely end up being killed and eaten too . This scenario is quite plausible for the La Brea Tar Pits and the parallels that can be drawn between this study and the fossil evidence of la Brea , ‭ ‬gives a very good indication to the social interaction of not just Smilodon , ‭ ‬but other ancient predators such as dire wolves .
Further reading
- A new hypothesis to explain the method of food ingestion used by Smilodon californicus Bovard . - Tebiwa 12 : 9–19 . - G. J. Miller - 1969 .
- Behavioral implications of saber-toothed felid morphology . - Paleobiology 2 ( 4 ) : 332–42 . - W. J. Gonyea - 1976 .
- The status of Smilodon in North and South America . - Contributions in Science , Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County 370 : 1–15 . - A. Berta - 1985 .
- Patterns of paravertebral ossification in the prehistoric saber-toothed cat . - American Journal of Roentgenology 148 ( 4 ) : 779–782 . - A. G. Bjorkengren , D. J. Sartoris , S. Shermis & D. Resnick - 1987 .
- Injuries and diseases in Smilodon californicus . - Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology ( Supplement ) 9 : 24A . - F. Heald - 1989 .
- Relationships between North and South American Smilodon . - Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 10 ( 2 ) : 158–169 . - B. Kurten & L. Werdelinb - 1990 .
- Molar microwear and diet in large carnivores : inferences concerning diet in the sabretooth cat , Smilodon fatalis . - Journal of Zoology 222 ( 2 ) : 319–40 . - B . Van Valkenburg , M. F. Teaford & A. Walker - 1990 .
- Iterative evolution of hypercarnivory in canids ( Mammalia : Carnivora ) : evolutionary interactions among sympatric predators . - Paleobiology 17 ( 4 ) : 340–362 . - B . Van Valkenburg - 1991 .
- Molecular phylogenetic inference from saber-toothed cat fossils of Rancho La Brea . - Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 89 ( 20 ) : 9769 . - D. N. Janczewski , N. Yuhki , D. A. Gilbert , G. T. Jefferson & S. J. O'Brien - 1992 .
- Tough times at la brea : tooth breakage in large carnivores of the late Pleistocene . - Science 261 ( 5120 ) : 456–59 . - B . Van Valkenburgh & F. Hertel - 1993 .
- Microwear on canines and killing behavior in large carnivores : saber function in Smilodon fatalis . - Journal of Mammalogy 77 ( 4 ) : 1059–1067 . - W. Anyonge - 1996 .
- Parietal depressions in skulls of the extinct saber-toothed felid Smilodon fatalis : evidence of mechanical strain . - Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 17 ( 3 ) : 600–609 . - G. L. Duckler - 1997 .
- Reconstructed facial appearance of the sabretoothed felid Smilodon . - Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society 124 ( 4 ) : 369–86 . - M. Antón , R. García-Perea & A. Turner - 1998 .
- Sexual dimorphism , social behavior and intrasexual competition in large Pleistocene carnivorans . - Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 22 ( 1 ) : 164–169 . - B . Van Valkenburgh & T. Sacco - 2002 .
- Assessing behavior in extinct animals : was Smilodon social ? . - Brain , Behavior and Evolution 61 ( 3 ) : 159–64 . - S. McCall , V. Naples & L. Martin - 2003 .
- Isotopic evidence of saber-tooth development , growth rate , and diet from the adult canine of Smilodon fatalis from Rancho La Brea . - Palaeogeography , Palaeoclimatology , Palaeoecology 206 ( 3–4 ) : 303–310 . - R. C. Feranec - 2004 .
- Rancho La Brea stable isotope biogeochemistry and its implications for the palaeoecology of late Pleistocene , coastal southern California . - Palaeogeography , Palaeoclimatology , Palaeoecology 205 ( 3–4 ) : 199–219 . - J . B. Coltrain , J. M. Harris , T. E. Cerling , J. R. Ehleringer , M.-D.Dearing , J . Ward & J. Allen - 2004 .
- Growth rate and duration of growth in the adult canine of Smilodon gracilis and inferences on diet through stable isotope analysis . - Feranec Bull FLMNH 45 ( 4 ) : 369–77 . - R. C. Fennec - 2005 .
- Evolution of the extinct Sabretooths and the American cheetah-like cat . - Current Biology 15 ( 15 ) : R589–R590 . - R. Barnett , I . Barnes , M. J. Phillips , L. D. Martin , C. R. Harington , J . A. Leonard & A. Cooper - 2005 .
- Body Size of Smilodon ( Mammalia : Felidae ) . - Journal of Morphology 266 ( 3 ) : 369–384 . - P. Christiansen & J. M. Harris - 2005 .
- Majestic killers : the sabre-toothed cats ( Fossils explained 52 ) . - Geology Today 22 ( 4 ) : 150–157 - L. W. van den Hoek Ostende , M. Morlo & D. Nagel - 2006 .
- A first record of the Pleistocene saber-toothed cat Smilodon populator Lund , 1842 ( Carnivora : Felidae : Machairodontinae ) from Venezuela . - Asociación Paleontologica Argentina 43 ( 2 ) . - D. Ascanio & R. Rincón - 2006 .
- Comparative bite forces and canine bending strength in feline and sabretooth felids : implications for predatory ecology . - Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society 151 ( 2 ) : 423–37 - P. Christiansen - 2007 .
- Supermodeled sabercat , predatory behavior in Smilodon fatalis revealed by high-resolution 3D computer simulation . - PNAS 104 ( 41 ) : 16010–16015 . - C. R. McHenry , S. Wroe , P. D. Clausen , K. Moreno & E. Cunningham - 2007 .
- Long in the tooth : evolution of sabertooth cat cranial shape . - Paleobiology 34 ( 3 ) : 403–419 . - G. J. Slater & B. V. Valkenburgh - 2008 .
- New postcranial remains of Smilodon populator Lund , 1842 from South-Central Brazil '' . Revista Brasileira de Paleontologia 11 ( 3 ) : 199–206 . - Mariela Cordeiro de Castro & Max Cardoso Langer - 2008 .
- Parallels between playbacks and Pleistocene tar seeps suggest sociality in an extinct sabretooth cat , Smilodon . - Biological Letters 5 ( 1 ) : 81–85 . - C. Carbone , T. Maddox , P. J. Funston , M. G. L. Mills , G. F. Grether & B . Van Valkenburgh - 2009 .
- Coincidence or evidence : was the sabretooth cat Smilodon social ? . - Biology Letters 5 ( 4 ) : 561–562 . - C. Kiffner - 2009 .
- Sociality in Rancho La Brea Smilodon : arguments favour 'evidence ' over 'coincidence ' . - Biology Letters 5 ( 4 ) : 563–564 . - B . Van Valkenburgh , T. Maddox , P. J. Funston , M. G. L. Mills , G. F. Grether & C. Carbone - 2009 .
- Sexual dimorphism and ontogenetic growth in the American lion and sabertoothed cat from Rancho La Brea . - Journal of Zoology 280 ( 3 ) : 271–279 . - J. Meachen-Samuels & W. Binder - 2010 .
- Radiographs reveal exceptional forelimb strength in the sabertooth cat , Smilodon fatalis . - PLoS ONE 5 ( 7 ) : e11412 . - J . A. Meachen-Samuels & B . Van Valkenburgh - 2010 .
- New saber-toothed cat records ( Felidae : Machairodontinae ) for the Pleistocene of Venezuela , and the Great American Biotic Interchange . - Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology 31 ( 2 ) : 468– 478 - A. Rincón , F. Prevosti & G. Parra - 2011 .
- Sabretoothed Carnivores and the Killing of Large Prey . - PLoS ONE 6 ( 10 ) : e24971 . K. Andersson , D. Norman & L. Werdelin - 2011 .
- Implications of Diet for the Extinction of Saber-Toothed Cats and American Lions . - PLoS ONE 7 ( 12 ) : e52453 . - L. R. G. DeSantis , B. W. Schubert , J. R. Scott & P. S. Ungar - 2012 .
- Variation in craniomandibular morphology and sexual dimorphism in Pantherines and the sabercat Smilodon fatalis . - PLoS ONE 7 ( 10 ) - P. Christiansen & J. M. Harris - 2012 .
Random favourites
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Genius of Democracy is in the Details
15 December 2011
The following is a nice piece that furnishes a quick summary of how government , namely the “ social contract , ” has evolved , yet continues on its exclusionary path of the people it governs . If you thought Democracy was alive and well , Bill Bonner urges you to check your premises .
“ …the genius of modern representative government is that it cons the masses into believing that they are insiders too . They are encouraged to vote…and to believe that their vote really matters . Of course , it matters not at all . Generally , the voters have no idea what or whom they are voting for . Often , they get the opposite of what they thought they had voted for anyway… . …now the insiders are in trouble . The typical citizen is beginning to realize that he 's been had . As long as the insiders could plausibly promise them more and more benefits , they were willing to go along . But now , growth has stalled . They ca n't deliver . The insiders keep borrowing — more than $ 10 trillion this year alone . Soon , they 'll be out of credit…out of time…and out of luck. ” Full Article →
The genius of our representative democracy , then , is that it is not representative at all . Yet if furnishes the political elite the legal and presumptuously moral rights to tax our wealth . Just something to chew on for a while .
Advertisements
game
or unlocking new features .
Token Sale
The BitCrystals Token Sale is a crowdfund . When you buy BitCrystals , you become a backer of the project . This means you get rewarded with the
games premium currency while fundingits development . You can then use your BitCrystals to purchase new card decks and game items or trade
them on Counterparty .
The Token Sale will start this summer on
( $ 0.016 per BitCrystals ) , the price of the BitCrystals will increase every 5 days . The Token Sale ends after 30 days or when all the BitCrystals
are sold , whichever occurs first . Unsold BitCrystals will be burned afterwards .
Token Sale Rates
Token Sale Funds will be held in a multisig wallet by third parties
As an extra guarantee to our contributors we want to receive funds raised during our token sale ONLY if we deliver Spells of Genesis and its
features as planned . All the funds raised will be held in a multisig wallet . The key officers are : Toni Lane Casserly , CEO at CoinTelegraph
and Jeremy Johnson , founder of CoinDaddy.io .
We are looking for a third candidate and we will announce the last key officer in due course . Funds will be released by the officers ONLY
on satisfactory completion of each of the three milestones below .
Milestones
# 1 ( release 33 % of funds raised )
Alpha version of Spells of Genesis with 10 different game levels . The game will allow connecting a Counterwallet and transfer card assets .
Extra levels will be available . For example if a player owns 100 GEMZ a special GEMZ level will be playable . A player will be able to view
their assets on Counterwallet as digital game items .
# 2 ( release 33 % of funds raised )
Fully featured beta version of the game with all components present . Several levels will be playable , the game interface and story will be
complete . The game will have a wallet and payment method .
( Feb 2016 )
# 3 ( release 34 % of funds raised )
Final development of the game with over 100 game levels and 150+ cards . With the ability for players to play in groups ( guilds ) , to create
their own levels , characters as digital asset , and also trade them .
( Apr 2015 )
JOIN SPELLS OF GENESIS TO STAY TUNED !
on our website and subscribe to our newsletter
Follow us on
Read
The Token Sale will take place on
Register on our website and subscribe to ouron Twitter Read more about SoG and the BitCrystals Token Sale The Token Sale will take place on Swarm BitCrystals are tradable Counterparty assets which act as the game-fuel and premium currency in EverdreamSofts upcoming free-to-play mobilegame Spells of Genesis ( SoG ) and flagship trading card game Moonga . They can be used to enhance gaming experience like buying card packsor unlocking new features.The BitCrystals Token Sale is a crowdfund . When you buy BitCrystals , you become a backer of the project . This means you get rewarded with thegames premium currency while fundingits development . You can then use your BitCrystals to purchase new card decks and game items or tradethem on Counterparty.The Token Sale will start this summer on Swarm and will last for one month . To be initially offered at the rate of 15,000 BitCrystals per BTC ( $ 0.016 per BitCrystals ) , the price of the BitCrystals will increase every 5 days . The Token Sale ends after 30 days or when all the BitCrystalsare sold , whichever occurs first . Unsold BitCrystals will be burned afterwards.As an extra guarantee to our contributors we want to receive funds raised during our token sale ONLY if we deliver Spells of Genesis and itsfeatures as planned . All the funds raised will be held in a multisig wallet . The key officers are : Toni Lane Casserly , CEO at CoinTelegraphand Jeremy Johnson , founder of CoinDaddy.io.We are looking for a third candidate and we will announce the last key officer in due course . Funds will be released by the officers ONLYon satisfactory completion of each of the three milestones below . ( release 33 % of funds raised ) Alpha version of Spells of Genesis with 10 different game levels . The game will allow connecting a Counterwallet and transfer card assets.Extra levels will be available . For example if a player owns 100 GEMZ a special GEMZ level will be playable . A player will be able to viewtheir assets on Counterwallet as digital game items . ( release 33 % of funds raised ) Fully featured beta version of the game with all components present . Several levels will be playable , the game interface and story will becomplete . The game will have a wallet and payment method . ( Feb 2016 ) ( release 34 % of funds raised ) Final development of the game with over 100 game levels and 150+ cards . With the ability for players to play in groups ( guilds ) , to createtheir own levels , characters as digital asset , and also trade them . ( Apr 2015 )
Dev 's Stream
The Vessel
The Mechanic
Every Item with sockets can contain a maximum number of 1 Soulstone Fragment ( For instance : chests ca n't give you three abilities - just one )
You ca n't equip the same legendary ability twice - you can use the Fragment for its stats in your gear but its legendary ability will be ignored in that case . ( For instance : Wearing a cindercoat and socketing a Cindercoat Fragment in your pants wo n't give any additional bonus )
.... Community Suggestions are highly appreciated right here
What It would change
Ring of Royal Grandeur is a core item in a lot of builds and its ability is just too valuable to skip . About 45 % of the top 25 % players use it http : //diablo.somepage.com/popular/items . Creating a RoRG Soulstone Fragment would free up this `` preoccupied '' item slot . Granted in most cases players would roll a socket on their Stone of Jordan and drop a RoRG Soulstone Fragment in it - still , that is some heavy build diversity .
Low Level drops do matter now ! I ca n't stress out how important this is . Leveling a new char and getting a Wand of Woh drop wo n't make you literally crunch anymore - you 'll be able to use it 's ability later on and it is not a total waste .
.... Community Suggestions are highly appreciated right here
TL ; DR and Disclaimer FAQ
Is this supposed to be endgame content ? -Yes
Is this OP ? -Absolutely
Why did you put work into this ? -I 've had fun with it .
Good Idea . Blizz will ignore it ! -So be it . Atleast some players had a good read hopefully .
... more to come for sure
Hello everyone , the idea originally came from a redditer named mith22 in this thread right here : http : //www.reddit.com/r/Diablo/comments/27ye1m/things_you_would_really_like_to_see_implemented/ Credits to this guy . Every idea mentioned in this thread , any image shared isto any knowledge of yesterday's- especially the part about `` Legendary Gems '' did not influence the idea behind this post by any means.I happend to like the mentioned idea a lot - harvesting the powerfull special abilities some legendaries give you and socketing them to some extends . Giving the player the ability to create such `` Gems '' for awould give any player incredible build diversity . We are talking about breaking the game completly and making Torment 6 a casual place to farm in the long run - there is no way around it . To keep D3 challenging in the long run with an idea like this further torment tiers have to be added essentially . Tiered rifts might fit in just fine aswell . Let 's get started with the basic idea . Players , who have n't finished Diablo 3 - Reaper of Souls yet , should stop right here , lore spoilers incomming ! The Black Soulstone is an artifact of great power , capable of trapping all the Great Evils . The player defeats Malthael at some point , the Soulstone shatters . The Soulstone itself is gone , destroyed beyond repair , but its shards are still capable of trapping the true essence of a legendary item ( its ability ) - giving the player an option to use Evil 's weapon against it . Using shards of an artifact that has been tormented by all the Great Evils comes with a burden to bear . This `` burden '' is open forsince I could not figure one that would satisfy me ( e.g . -5 % Movement Speed , -5 % Life , etc. ) . Here is a first glimpse at the vessel - a Soulstone Fragment : http : //imgur.com/GcHgk8iFind a legendary Item three times , talk to Covetous Shen , pick the Soulstone Fragment you want to have ( Strength , Intelligence , Dex , Vitality , All Resist for each Gemtype ) , and craft it - just like this : http : //imgur.com/rpNR0eiOf course there have to be several limitations when it comes to socketing those new tier gems , some of them are : Everything and maybe way too much . `` Playing a Wand of Woh build without actually wearing a Wand of Woh ? Maybe with a nice % DMG Thunderfurry ? '' - that seems OP by any means . And guess what - it is ! Granted you still have to find three Wands of Whos in the first place - at this point you either already faceroll the game anyways or you 've won the wizzard lottery - and in addition to this you need a decent Thunderfurry , but the mechanic itself is still incredibly overpowered . Besides all the `` OP '' stuff , there are a few issues this mechanicfix : Everything in one screen for the lazy guys : http : //imgur.com/KHpJeHCGreetings and thanks for your time , sVr
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- The Browns added a familiar name at quarterback this afternoon . Thad Lewis is returning . They played for the Browns during the 2011 and 2012 season and started the final game of the 2012 season in Pittsburgh .
Lewis joins Josh McCown , Johnny Manziel and Connor Shaw on the quarterback depth chart . McCown signed with the team last month . Manziel , meanwhile , is in rehab and Shaw spent much of 2014 on the practice squad before starting the team 's final game in Baltimore .
Lewis played six games after leaving Cleveland , all for Buffalo . They completed 59 % of their passes for 1,092 yards and threw four touchdown passes and three interceptions . All of their starts with the Bills came in 2013 .
Fans immediately took to Twitter as the news started to leak out . Most were n't exactly thrilled with it and one person even pointed out that the Browns press release on the signing listed Lewis at 30 years old . He 's 27 , if you 're scoring at home .
Check out the Storify below for reaction on the Lewis signing .
TROLL TIDE II
UNINFORMED SMACK / BY THACKTOR
Can it be that time ? Already ? No , it 's too early . We need more build up . More drama . Never mind , screw that . It 's time . The training montage is over . Bring on the game of the week of the month of the year of the decade of the century of the millennium of the eon . The winner of this one gets ALL OF THE 1-0 IN CONFERENCE PLAY ! Based on media coverage , one can only assume this is the only game being played this season . No ?
If you 're lacking in motivation , head over to RollBamaRoll and read the Hate Week thread . This will get even the 2 % ers riled up to Frankenstein-angry-mob levels of rabbledom . Every single person wearing maroon this Saturday in the Hate Barn should leave without their voice . Northgate should sound like a drunk library ( or the actual library for a few of you ) on Saturday evening with all the slurred whispering .
Juniors and Seniors , I want you dishing out game day privileges to every underclass-person you see like flyers in a WalMart parking lot . Be aggressive about it . Hell , make coupons if you must . I want the `` WHOOP '' heard on the opening kickoff to shatter the CBS camera lenses , animate McCarron 's chest plate tattoo and liquify the pants-region of all Bama players . Is that too much to ask , Ags ? I think not . Nobody gave you privileges , fish ? Do it anyway . If anyone asks , pull out this article . A dead 2004 Ag just gave you Zip privileges for the game and all night long after if A & M wins . Oh , I 'm not allowed to give out privileges ? Well , I just did . Did that make you angry ? Good . Channel it directly toward our visitors from Alabama .
Those visitors should feel right at home since their weight room has been adorned with the A & M logo since last year . Either Nick Saban is becoming Ray Finkle or they got duped by the Property Brothers on their latest remodel . Tony Hurd , Jr. said it best `` We have a lot of A & M [ in our weight room ] , too . ''
Apparently a bar in Alabama has created Johnny Piñata . Too much comedy here so I 'll just rattle off a few lines . Women in Alabama will use any excuse to get liquored up and beat off a Heisman winner . The bar created the mini-JFF so Nick Saban could wrestle with a Johnny theirs own size . The candy that falls out of Johnny Piñata is Saban-Sized . Nick Saban is short .
Oh look , Johnny Piñata is holding a Sharpie and cash ! Crimson Tide fans making fun of anyone for signing autographs is like Mike Gundy giving someone an `` over-the-hill '' birthday card that does n't include a `` You 're a man , you 're 40 ! '' joke and a `` Hostess '' coupon . No , not for Twinkies . Unless you 're into that . We do n't judge here .
PERFECTLY LEGITIMATE GAME PREDICTION
Kevin Sumlin sits in their office 4 hours before kickoff . Their office temperature is set to 90 degrees , but the thermometer reads a pleasant 72 . Kevin Sumlin is ice cold .
Mark Snyder flip-kicks Sumlin 's door into 1,000,000 splinters , which fall to the floor spelling out `` BAMA ? F * * * BAMA . '' Sumlin reads the message , nods nonchalantly , stands up , puts a muzzle on Snyder ( he 's a biter on game day ) and the two of them walk to the Hate Barn together .
During pre-game warmups , an errant football bounces at AJ McCarron 's feet . They pick it up and notices an inscription : `` This is the wake-up call you did n't afford me . Johnny Manziel , Heisman '12 . '' A shiver runs down McCarron 's spine . They turn around to meet Johnny , face mask to face mask .
`` What happened to our trip ? We were gon na save the world . We were bros. '' Johnny says in a low , gravely , Christian-Bale-as-Batman-style whisper .
`` My mom says ... ''
Johnny raises one finger to AJ 's face mask .
`` Shhhhhh , this 'll all be over soon , '' Johnny says , just before disappearing along with the inscription .
Alabama players do n't sleep well in the weeks following the game at the Hate Barn . All they see in their dreams is this .
Ags 35 Tide 24
CAST OF CHARACTERS BY DR. NORRIS CAMACHO
Johnny Damn Football QB : This is the most electrifying college football player on the planet playing in the biggest game of their lifetime . Go ahead and read that again , because it 's not hyperbole . Did you see how pissed off they were when they got hit 8 yards deep in the end zone against SHSU ? That 's nothing .
Mike Damn Evans WR # 13 : Just throw this guy the ball . A lot . And if they cover him , throw it to one of our 25 other awesome receivers . And if they cover those guys , hand it off to one of our awesome running backs . Yes , Nick . This IS what we want football to be .
Steven Damn Jenkins Unsuspended LB # 8 : He 's finally going to be back and good grief has they been missed . We need them to lead the front seven like Taylor Bertolet needs herbal hair conditioner : it 's essential .
AJ McCarron QB # 10 : `` Oh look at me ; my mom and girlfriend posed together for a magazine cover , I 'm so popular . '' Gim me a break . Just hand off the ball like you 're supposed to and throw a couple more picks to Deshazor , then cry on the sideline . Roll Tide .
Amari Cooper WR # 9 : Yeah , he 's good . But them playing in that offense is like making Jeremy Irons be a guest star on Two and a Half Men . You want to really prove you 're the best WR in the SEC ? Do n't go to a school that runs an offense from 1977 . Roll Tide .
Ha Ha Clinton-Dix S # 6 : The son of very literal Johnny Cash fans , he 's to fight tooth and nail to get where they are today despite their TOTALLY RIDICULOUS NAME . Seriously , if you are named this you 'd better be a bad-ass hard-hitting safety . ( Which they are . ) Roll Tide .
WHAT TO WATCH FOR BY J.P. 03
Fresh New Threads ? Let 's address the elephant in the room , shall we ? No , not the literal elephant mascot with a mean streak named Big Al ; I mean the proverbial elephant in the room : uniforms . Last year , A & M debuted the long-rumored icy whites and rode them to victory in Tuscaloosa . Might we see Sumlin pull the same motivational lever again this year ? With , say , one of these incredible new options ?
Click images to embiggen ...
Never one to be outdone , Nick Saban may very well have been involved in some designing of their own . Dare I suggest that the Tide may mix things up and don one of these combinations on Saturday ?
A Changing of the Guard ? Could you imagine the fallout if Sumlin and the Aggies find a way to beat Alabama for the second year in a row ? I know , I know , let 's not get ahead of ourselves here . It 's just that Tennessee wo n't be good for a while , Auburn wo n't be good for a while , and who knows what will happen to LSU if Les Miles gets roped into the Oklahoma State investigation ? Could Texas A & M surpasses all of these schools and become Alabama 's new # 1 rival , at least for the next couple of years ? Most Aggies ca n't imagine what it 's like to occupy the top spot on Nick Saban 's worry list right now . Lucky for you , however , we here at THE TAILGATE can :
Click image to embiggen ...
ELSEWHERE IN THE SEC BY J.P. 03
# 25 Ole Miss at Texas Before I begin , let me get something off my chest : HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ! ! ! ! ! ! Sorry , it 's just that Mack Brown has been pointing to 2013 as the season that the Longhorns will finally get back to “ being Texas ” and last week against BYU , well…HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ! Two games in and Manny Diaz is gone , Greg Robinson is back , and we are inching closer and closer to the train wreck soon to be known as the Tyrone Swoopes era . So please excuse me if I ca n't hold it togetHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH ! ! ! ! ! Schadenfreude never tasted so sweet . Go Rebs !
LET 'S HAVE A STATGASM BY STEWADE
BEST CASE / WORST CASE BY THACKTOR
BEST CASE Win . Any kind of win . A win is the best case scenario here . Winning . Winning the game against Alabama , to be specific . I do not care if it 's 2-0 . Win . The . Game .
Oh , and Saban shuns UT 's money and goes to USC . They forcibly Take Lane Kiffin 's job before USC gets a chance to fire him . Distraught , Alabama hires Mack Brown and Texas hires Kiffin . I sleep soundly .
WORST CASE There 's an immovable Bama fan in my seat and they have purchased all of the concessions . I am forced to taze this individual and , in doing so , am forcibly removed from the Hate Barn by security .
@ HypnoToad03 Worst case : the pressure literally crushes JFF into a diamond which will be given to an Orange Pride girl for their `` services '' # GBHTailgate
@ JoshAgof11 Johnny scores a TD . Does hip thrust in celebration . Whole world sees on JohnnyCam . All women watching immediately impregnated . # GBHTailgate
@ FletcherMassie Dangerous trap game for the Aggies in College Station this week . Sumlin has to keep their team focused and not looking ahead to SMU . # GBHTailgate
@ jakecgross War Damn Aggies # GBHTailgate
@ HURDjunior Texas A & M is the university of Texas .
@ JasonKirkSBN Manziel should celebrate a touchdown on Saturday by pretending to talk to a reporter on a teleconference .
@ 10AJMcCarron Tom Hanks is one of the best actors of all time , and in Forrest Gump alone they had one of the best acting performances ever . # legend
By SCOTT MCKIE B.P .
ONE FEATHER STAFF
The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians will no longer have any relationship with the Washington NFL team nor its Original Americans Foundation ( OAF ) . Tribal Council passed a resolution during its regular session on Thursday , Sept. 10 that states the Tribe will “ cease all relationships ” and “ have supporting articles , photos and videos removed from the Washington NFL teams ' and Original American Foundation 's websites ” .
Lt. Col . ( Ret . ) Kina Swayney , an EBCI tribal member , submitted the legislation . After its passage , they commented , “ I am very proud of our Tribal Council for giving me the opportunity and for listening and hearing the facts . I also applaud them for their commitment to our youth and their commitment to our legacy for future generations . ”
During the discussion on the legislation , Lt. Col. Swayney said that mascots featuring American Indian images directly affect Native youth . “ It lends to a feeling of hopelessness in Native youth . It affects their self-image , how others see them and how they see themselves . ”
In their legislation , they referenced the fact that USET passed legislation similar in scope to hers . The resolution also states , “ …the use of the term Redsk * n for the team mascot and nickname for the Washington National Football League ( NFL ) team is offensive and hurtful to the Native American population and causes direct harmful effects to the public health and well-being of the Native American population . ”
Lt. Col. Swayney related that members of the Steve Youngdeer American Legion Post 143 Color Guard presented the colors at the opening of a Washington game in November 2014 . They claim images and video of the veterans were used on the Washington team 's website in support of their nickname . “ They went there with honorable intentions . What the Original American Foundation did was take their honorable service and twist it. ” They said it was never the Post 's intention to show support for the name .
Big Cove Rep. Teresa McCoy called the name “ racist ” and commented , “ I do share their concern . ”
They also spoke of a video featuring Principal Chief Michell Hicks entitled “ Hail to the Redskins ” that was made on the same visit as Post 143 and said members of their community “ recoiled ” when they saw it online .
Becky Walker , an EBCI tribal member from the Wolfetown Community , commented after the vote , “ It was really disappointing to know that one of the leaders of our Tribe had gone and participated with the Redskins and actually did a promotional video in support of them , and basically , in the way that it appears , used our servicemen as a front and a guise to do that . I am glad that this issue was addressed today , and I hope that we can really find out exactly what happened , what was exchanged and what our Tribe received in relation to Principal Chief Michell Hicks ' dealings with the Washington NFL team . ”
Walker distributed copies to Tribal Council of a public records request they made to the EBCI Executive Office asking for information on what was received by the Tribe from the Washington team . “ We never even received a response . ”
Yellowhill Rep. David Wolfe said that Tribal Council did support Post 143 going to Washington but added , “ We were unaware of what it was going to be twisted into . ”
This past week , the Indian National Finals Rodeo also cut ties with the Washington team . In a letter sent to the organization , Bo Vocu , INFR vice president , wrote , “ After much soul searching , we have decided that we can not in good conscience accept resources from you on the terms you have offered , no matter how desperately we need it . That is because , as you know , the resources you are offering are not truly philanthropic – they come with the expectation that we will support the racial slur that continues to promote your associated professional football team 's name . ”
A federal judge ruled on July 8 that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) cancel the Washington NFL football team 's “ Redsk * ns ” trademark . U.S. District Court Judge Gerald Bruce Lee said in their 70-page decision that the USPTO cancel the registration for six marks . They wrote , …the marks consisted of matter that ‘ may disparage ' a substantial composite of Native Americans… ”
Michael Moore led the audience from their anti-Trump Broadway show straight to the entrance of Trump Tower to protest the president 's controversial Tuesday remarks about a deadly white nationalist rally .
The star of the one-man “ Terms of my Surrender , ” joined by “ Spotlight ” actor Mark Ruffalo , took to the streets of Manhattan after Tuesday night 's performance .
“ He 's completely unhinged , ” Moore , 63 , said in a Facebook Live video while riding a bus from the theater to Trump Tower . “ So we 're going to go over there and try to hinge them back together and ask them to resign .
“ Really , that would be the decent thing to do after what they did this weekend and what they said today . If they had any decency about him , they would just quit . ”
The liberal activist and Academy Award-winning “ Fahrenheit 9/11 ” director had publicized the protest on their Facebook page just hours before the gathering .
The protest came after Trump reignited a firestorm of criticism when they doubled down on comments saying there is “ blame on both sides ” for the violent weekend in Charlottesville , Va .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ What about the alt-left that came charging at the — as you say , the alt-right ? ” Trump said to reporters during a news conference Tuesday at Trump Tower in New York . “ Do they have any semblance of guilt ? What about the fact they came charging with clubs in their hands , swinging clubs ? Do they have any problem ? I think they do . As far as I am concerned , that was a horrible , horrible day . ”
Thirty-two-year-old Heather Heyer was killed and at least 19 people were injured after a driver , who allegedly had ties to white supremacists , plowed their car into a crowd of counterprotesters .
Moore was on-hand as demonstrators chanted “ Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has got to go ! ” and “ No Trump ! No KKK ! No fascist USA ! ” outside Trump Tower on Tuesday night .
Trump has been staying at their New York City building since arriving on Monday .
The British government covered up a failed test of a nuclear missile system last year , just weeks before lawmakers voted to renew it , `` The Sunday Times '' newspaper alleged on Sunday .
The newspaper cited an anonymous senior naval source who claimed that the unarmed Trident II D5 missile failed after being launched from a British submarine off the coast of the US state of Florida in June .
The cause of the failure was top secret , but the source said the missile may have accidentally veered towards the mainland .
`` There was a major panic at the highest level of government and the military after the first test of our nuclear deterrent in four years ended in disastrous failure , '' the source told the paper .
`` Ultimately , Downing Street decided to cover up the failed test . If the information was made public , they knew how damaging it would be to the credibility of our nuclear deterrent . ''
The source said an upcoming parliamentary vote on the Trident system on July 18 had made the failure `` all the more sensitive . ''
'Absolute faith in Trident missiles '
In a BBC interview on Sunday , Prime Minister Theresa May did not say whether they knew about the malfunction when they successfully urged the House of Commons to support updating the aging submarines that carry Britain 's nuclear arsenal at a cost of 41 billion pounds ( 47 billion euros ) .
May was not prime minister during the test , but took office shortly before the vote . In the parliamentary debate they called for the renewal to deter `` serious threats , '' warning of `` a continuing risk of further proliferation of nuclear weapons . ''
After more than five hours of debate , parliament approved a 2007 decision to build four new submarines to ensure Britain could have nuclear weapons continuously on patrol at sea .
Many Britons are opposed to Trident
But more than 100 of parliament 's 650 members voted against the decision , arguing the weapons were no longer needed as they were unhelpful against terrorists and the money could be better spent elsewhere .
`` What we were talking about is whether or not we should renew Trident , '' May said in the BBC interview .
`` I have absolute faith in our Trident missiles , '' they continued , adding that tests take place `` regularly '' .
Five tests since 2000
According to `` The Times , '' Britain has conducted only five tests of Trident missiles from submarines since 2000 , partly due to the 17 million pound cost of each launch .
Opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn , a strident critic of nuclear weapons , said it was a `` pretty catastrophic error '' for a missile to go in the wrong direction .
A government spokesperson confirmed that the Royal Navy had conducted a routine test-launch of an unarmed missile in June from HMS Vengeance , one of the country 's four nuclear-armed submarines .
It was `` part of an operation which is designed to certify the submarine and its crew , '' they said .
`` Vengeance and their crew were successfully tested and certified , allowing Vengeance to return into service . We have absolute confidence in our independent nuclear deterrent , '' they said .
aw/tj ( AFP , dpa )
Skypark at Santa 's Village ( Photo by Juliet Bennett Rylah/LAist )
Skypark at Santa 's Village finally has an official opening date . Though the long-closed park has technically been operational for the last several days , they 've finally received the go-ahead to open up to the public beginning Friday , December 2 at 10 a.m .
Santa 's Village opened in 1955 , shortly before Disneyland . It went through a series of ups and downs before finally becoming abandoned in 1998 . After surviving a wildfire in 2003 , the park was bought by developers in 2014 . They intend to eventually turn the entire 230-acre property—only 15 of which is Santa 's Village—into a year-round adventure park with camping , hiking , horseback riding , fishing , ziplines and other outdoor activities .
Tickets for Santa 's Village are available online now . In order to prevent overwhelming traffic on winding mountain roads , you must purchase your tickets online in advance . There will be no tickets available at the door . Tickets are pricier than those who grew up visiting the park will remember : $ 59 for adults , $ 49 for children ages 4 to 12 , and free for children 3 and younger or 80 and over . Parking is free through the holiday season , according to the San Bernardino Sun . Tickets are available here .
Admission includes access to a variety of park activities , including a bouldering room and an ice skating rink , plus the festive cheer . Because the park has only been granted a temporary use permit , Santa 's Village will again close on April 1 .
You can check out photos from our recent visit to the renovated park here . ( Our favorite part was an eerie , fantastical spider cave that holds the golden key Santa needs to slip into homes without a chimney . )
Photos : Long-Abandoned Santa 's Village Is Looking Festive For First Time In 18 Years
“ Do you want to know what will happen as your body starts shutting down ? ” My mother and I sat across from the hospice nurse in my parents ' Colorado home . It was 2005 , and my mother had reached the end of treatments for metastatic breast cancer . A month or two earlier , she 'd been able to take the dog for daily walks in the mountains and travel to Australia with my father . Now , they were weak , exhausted from the disease and chemotherapy and pain medication . My mother had been the one to decide , with their doctor 's blessing , to stop pursuing the dwindling chemo options , and they had been the one to ask their doctor to call hospice . Still , we were n't prepared for the nurse 's question . My mother and I exchanged glances , a little shocked . But what we felt most was a sense of relief . During six-and-a-half years of treatment , although my mother saw two general practitioners , six oncologists , a cardiologist , several radiation technicians , nurses at two chemotherapy facilities , and surgeons at three different clinics—not once , to my knowledge , had anyone talked to them about what would happen as they died .
There 's good reason . “ Roughly from the last two weeks until the last breath , somewhere in that interval , people become too sick , or too drowsy , or too unconscious , to tell us what they 're experiencing , ” says Margaret Campbell , a professor of nursing at Wayne State University who has worked in palliative care for decades . The way death is talked about tends to be based on what family , friends , and medical professionals see , rather than accounts of what dying actually feels like . James Hallenbeck , a palliative-care specialist at Stanford University , often compares dying to black holes . “ We can see the effect of black holes , but it is extremely difficult , if not impossible , to look inside them . They exert an increasingly strong gravitational pull the closer one gets to them . As one passes the ‘ event horizon , ' apparently the laws of physics begin to change. ” What does dying feel like ? Despite a growing body of research about death , the actual , physical experience of dying—the last few days or moments—remains shrouded in mystery . Medicine is just beginning to peek beyond the horizon . * * * Until about 100 years ago , almost all dying happened quickly . But modern medicine has radically changed how long the end of life can be stretched . Now , Americans who have access to medical care often die gradually , of lingering diseases like most terminal cancers or complications from diabetes or dementia , rather than quickly from , say , a farm accident or the flu . According to the Centers for Disease Control 's most recent figures , Americans are most likely to die of heart disease , cancer , or chronic pulmonary lung disease . “ Pre-death dreams were frequently so intense that the dream carried into wakefulness. ” For those who do die gradually , there 's often a final , rapid slide that happens in roughly the last few days of life—a phase known as “ active dying. ” During this time , Hallenbeck writes in Palliative Care Perspectives , their guide to palliative care for physicians , people tend to lose their senses and desires in a certain order . “ First hunger and then thirst are lost . Speech is lost next , followed by vision . The last senses to go are usually hearing and touch . ”
Whether dying is physically painful , or how painful it is , appears to vary . “ There are some kinds of conditions where pain is inevitable , ” Campbell says . “ There are some patients that just get really , really old and just fade away , and there 's no distress. ” Having a disease associated with pain does n't mean you 'll necessarily endure a difficult death , either . Most people dying of cancer need pain medication to keep them comfortable , Campbell notes—and the medicine usually works . “ If they 're getting a good , comprehensive pain regimen , they can die peacefully , ” they say . When people become too weak to cough or swallow , some start to make a noise in the backs of their throats . The sound can be deeply disturbing , as if the patient is suffering . But that 's not what it feels like to the person dying , as far as doctors can tell . In fact , medical researchers believe that the phenomenon—which is commonly called a death rattle—probably does n't hurt . Ultimately , because most people lose awareness or consciousness in their last few hours or days , it 's hard to know for certain how many patients are suffering . “ We generally believe that if your brain is really in a comatose kind of situation , or you 're not really responsive , that your perception—how you feel about things—may also be significantly decreased , ” says David Hui , an oncologist and palliative-care specialist who researches the signs of approaching death . “ You may or may not even be aware of what 's happening . ”
* * * A week or two after we spoke to the nurse , my mother sank into a state where they were rarely conscious . When they were awake , it was only the most basic part of them that was there : the part that told their legs to move to get them to the bathroom , the automated steps in brushing their teeth and then wiping the sink afterward . Them mind turned away from their children and husband for the first time . I wanted to know what they were thinking about . I wanted to know where their mind was . Being at the bedside of an unresponsive dying person can feel like trying to find out whether someone is home by looking through thick-curtained windows . Is the person sleeping , dreaming , experiencing something supernatural ? Is their mind gone ? For many dying people , “ the brain does the same thing that the body does in that it starts to sacrifice areas which are less critical to survival , ” says David Hovda , director of the UCLA Brain Injury Research Center . They compare the breakdown to what happens in aging : People tend to lose their abilities for complex or executive planning , learning motor skills—and , in what turns out to be a very important function , inhibition . “ The waves get higher and higher , and eventually , they carry the person out to sea. ” “ As the brain begins to change and start to die , different parts become excited , and one of the parts that becomes excited is the visual system , ” Hovda explains . “ And so that 's where people begin to see light . ”
Recent research points to evidence that the sharpening of the senses some people report also seems to match what we know about the brain 's response to dying . Jimo Borjigin , a neuroscientist at the University of Michigan , first became intrigued by this subject when they noticed something strange in the brains of animals in another experiment : Just before the animals died , neurochemicals in the brain suddenly surged . While scientists had known that brain neurons continued to fire after a person died , this was different . The neurons were secreting new chemicals , and in large amounts . “ A lot of cardiac-arrest survivors describe that during their unconscious period , they have this amazing experience in their brain , ” they say . “ They see lights and then they describe the experience as ‘ realer than real . ' ” They realized the sudden release of neurochemicals might help to explain this feeling . Borjigin and their research team tried an experiment . They anesthetized eight rats , and then stopped their hearts . “ Suddenly , all the different regions of the brain became synchronized , ” they say . The rats ' brains showed higher power in different frequency waves , and also what is known as coherence—the electrical activity from different parts of the brain working together . “ If you 're focusing attention , doing something , trying to figure out a word or trying to remember a face—when you 're doing high-level cognitive activity , these features go up , ” Borjigin says . “ These are well-used parameters in studying human consciousness in awake humans . So , we thought , if you 're alert or aroused , similar parameters should also go up in the dying brain . In fact , that was the case . ”
* * * In their last couple of weeks , when my mother 's mind seemed to be floating off somewhere else most of the time , they would sometimes lift their arms into the air , plucking at invisible objects with their fingers . Once , I captured their hands in mine and asked what she 'd been doing . “ Putting things away , ” they answered , smiling dreamily . This half-dreaming , half-waking state is common in dying people . In fact , researchers led by Christopher Kerr at a hospice center outside Buffalo , New York , conducted a study of dying people 's dreams . Most of the patients interviewed , 88 percent , had at least one dream or vision . And those dreams usually felt different to them from normal dreams . For one thing , the dreams seemed clearer , more real . The “ patients ' pre-death dreams were frequently so intense that the dream carried into wakefulness and the dying often experienced them as waking reality , ” the researchers write in the Journal of Palliative Medicine . Seventy-two percent of the patients dreamed about reuniting with people who had already died . Fifty-nine percent said they dreamed about getting ready to travel somewhere . Twenty-eight percent dreamed about meaningful experiences in the past . ( Patients were interviewed every day , so the same people often reported dreams about multiple subjects . ) For most of the patients , the dreams were comforting and positive . The researchers say the dreams often helped decrease the fear of death . “ The predominant quality of pre-death dreams/visions was a sense of personal meaning , which frequently carried emotional significance for the patient , ” they report .
Chicago Tribune via Getty Images
Black Panther Party co-founder Bobby Seale was arrested in Chicago in September 1969 on charges for conspiracy to riot , and was later also tried on murder charges of a Panther member who was suspected to be an FBI informant . During their trial , Seale demanded to represent themselves and insisted on declaring their rights in court . In response , the judge ordered for a gag to be tied around their mouth and that they chained to their chair . During their days in court , protests erupted demanding the court to “ Stop The Trial. ” It was during this time when Fred Hampton grew prominence for their well-admired leadership and empowering public speeches during protests . “ You can jail a revolutionary but you ca n't jail the revolution , ” they once famously said . Hampton was a voice of racial unity and they helped to build a broader Black Panther base in Chicago . They even expanded their coalition to include both hispanic and white activists who shared the same or a similar mission .
Disney and Marvel Studio 's “ Avengers : Age of Ultron ” is headed for a projected $ 195 million U.S. opening weekend — a formidable figure but not enough to match the $ 207.4 million opening weekend record for 2012 's “ The Avengers . ”
Saturday 's total appeared to be in the $ 57 million to $ 60 million range — slightly below earlier expectations , which gave “ Ultron ” a decent chance at matching the record following an impressive $ 84 . 6 million opening day on Friday .
But strong competition from Saturday night 's Manny Pacquiao-Floyd Mayweather fight appears to have kept away enough movie customers to preclude a new record .
The Sunday forecast calls for $ 50 million to $ 53 million , which will leave “ Ultron ” short of the $ 200 million mark — but well above the $ 174.1 million launch weekend for Marvel 's “ Iron Man 3 ” in 2013 .
The international total had hit $ 340 million on Friday in the wake of launching in 55 % of the overseas markets last weekend . The tentpole took in $ 53 million on Friday .
Female fighters carrying babies , rocket launchers and machine guns took to the streets of the Yemeni capital of Sanaa to protest Saudi Arabia 's involvement in its brutal conflict .
Marching in support of the Houthi rebel movement , they shouted slogans against the multinational coalition forces led by oil rich Middle Eastern state , which support the government .
Their protest followed talks this week between a United Nations envoy and the Saudi-backed , internationally-recognised Yemeni President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
They attempted to broker a ceasefire to end the brutal conflict , which has claimed an estimated 10,000 civilian lives .
The UN ranks Yemen as one of the world 's worst humanitarian crises .
The death toll increased when the Saudi-led coalition intervened in 2015 to push back rebels who had gained control of the capital and other parts of the country .
The majority have been killed by coalition airstrikes and the conflict has triggered a grave humanitarian crisis , with an estimated 80 per cent of the population in need of aid .
The fighting began when attempts to bring political stability to the country failed after the country 's longtime president Ali Abdullah Saleh was forced relinquish power to their deputy Mr Hadi .
Subsequently , Mr Hadi struggled to handle many of the problems affecting the country , including extremist attacks by al Qaeda , corruption , unemployment and food insecurity .
The Houthi rebels then seized on their weakened control and Many Yemeni civilians backed them as they took control of the capital in 2014 .
Many charities , including Amnesty International , have accused the UK of being complicit in the war by arming Saudi Arabia .
The British government has rejected calls by two parliamentary committees for it to stop the sale of British bombs to the country 's armed forces in Yemen where they have been widely accused of committing war crimes during the campaign .
Reports on the ground suggest they have blown up international hospitals , funerals , schools , and weddings .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
Tens of thousands of Georgians have joined one of the biggest-ever opposition rallies in the ex-Soviet state on the final day of campaigning before hard-fought parliamentary polls .
Huge crowds packed Tbilisi 's central Freedom Square and the capital 's main street on Saturday to cheer billionaire tycoon Bidzina Ivanishvili , whose opposition Georgian Dream coalition is challenging President Mikheil Saakashvili 's ruling party in Monday 's vote .
Opposition supporters marched on the square in large columns from several locations across the city , wearing their coalition 's t-shirts , carrying the bloc 's banners and flags and chanting `` Georgia ! Georgia ! ''
`` Saakashvili 's system must be destroyed . The fate of the country is being decided at these elections , '' Ivanishvili told the rally . `` The day of a new government is coming , '' they said .
Thousands of Ivanishvili 's supporters also staged a simultaneous rally in Georgia 's second-largest city , Kutaisi .
Meanwhile , thousands of ruling party supporters gathered in the Black Sea resort city of Batumi , many waving Georgian flags , carrying campaign placards and chanting Saakashvili 's nickname : `` Misha ! Misha ! ''
The capital , Tbilisi , long ago turned against Saakashvili , with many people disturbed by what they describe as their authoritarian rule .
Democracy test
Monday 's election is being seen as a test of Saakashvili 's commitment to democracy as they try to move the country toward closer integration with the European Union and NATO .
Al Jazeera 's Robin Forestier-Walker , reporting from Tbilisi , said Saturday 's huge rally shows some momentum for the opposition , indicating `` a lot more spontaneity '' compared to the ruling party 's rally .
Our correspondent said ; `` There is a strong feeling that the opposition is actually going to be doing a lot better as a consequence '' of the recent fallout over a prison abuse scandal .
The incumbent leader Saakashvili had warned on Friday that the upcoming parliamentary election threatens to take Georgia back to a dark past of organised crime and Russian domination .
`` Never before have we stood before such a choice : To go back to the crime bosses and to being an impoverished country with no electricity and no roads , or to go forward , '' Saakashvili told tens of thousands of supporters who packed a Tbilisi sports stadium .
For the West , however , the real question is whether Saakashvili is committed to moving forward on the democratic path that once promised to make Georgia a `` beacon of liberty '' in the former Soviet Union .
Their challenge is not only to win the tightest election they have ever faced , but to prove they can do it fairly and to prevent a repeat of the Rose Revolution that brought them to power after a rigged parliamentary vote nine years ago .
Monday 's election , which has the country on edge , has an added significance because it ushers in a new political system that will give greater powers to both the parliament and prime minister .
After Saakashvili 's second and last term ends next year , the party that enjoys a majority in parliament will have the right to name the prime minister , who will acquire many of the powers now held by the president .
Monday 's vote
`` People are really nervous and aggressive , '' said Tamar Chugoshvili , who heads the Georgian Young Lawyers ' Association , which has been monitoring the election campaign .
`` Anger after the election could lead to civil unrest or even civil war , '' Chugoshvili said .
Saakashvili 's party , the United National Movement , now holds nearly 80 per cent of the seats in parliament . Opinion polls diverge widely , with many respondents refusing to state their preference .
Independent observers see the race as too close to call , although they say Saakashvili 's access to state resources gives them the edge .
Many liberal Georgians have turned against Saakashvili , despite the clear achievements of their early years in office .
Fairly quickly after winning election in early 2004 , they succeeded in all but eradicating petty corruption , restoring basic public services and enacting reforms that helped to more than triple the size of the economy in five years .
The West cheered their new government , with former US President George W Bush describing Georgia in 2005 as a `` beacon of liberty for this region and the world '' , as American and European aid and investment flowed in .
Expectations were high , but Saakashvili failed to lift much of the nation out of poverty or create sufficient jobs .
Are economic rights and liberties among the “ privileges or immunities ” of citizenship protected by the Constitution 's Fourteenth Amendment ? That was the simple question before the Supreme Court in the Slaughterhouse Cases , the opinion which is today almost uniformly denounced in the legal academy . Scholars of all political and interpretive commitments have come to reject Slaughterhouse as among the Court 's great mistakes ; libertarian originalists have notably and forcefully agreed , arguing that the Fourteenth Amendment enshrined a libertarian theory of natural rights .
At issue in the cases was an 1869 Louisiana statute that granted a monopoly charter to a new private corporation , which was thenceforth to be the sole abattoir for the New Orleans area . Butchers would be permitted under the law to lease a stall at the facility , incorporated as the Crescent City Livestock Landing and Slaughterhouse Company , but they were forbidden to operate independently . The cases to which the title of the opinion refers were three actions challenging the validity of that statute . Many of the plaintiffs were traditional French butchers for whom the craft was an important piece of cultural heritage , a venerable tie to their ethnic roots in the Gascony region of France . They argued that the ability to practice their chosen vocation , free from the kinds of obstruction created by Louisiana 's new law , was protected by the Constitution , particularly the Fourteenth Amendment .
The case is notable as the first time that the Supreme Court considered the meaning of this newly enacted amendment , which , as one of the three Reconstruction Amendments , changed the country 's legal landscape . The Fourteenth Amendment eventually became the mechanism through which the Bill of Rights was “ incorporated ” and applied against the states , that is , through which the Bill of Rights came to protect American citizens not only from the actions of the federal government but also the several state governments . Among libertarians , the Slaughterhouse Cases are known ( if at all ) for rendering the Privileges or Immunities Clause impotent , for — paraphrasing Justice Clarence Thomas — sapping it of any meaning .
Writing for the majority , Justice Samuel Freeman Miller maintained that the Louisiana statute was an appropriate exercise of the police power and that , while stringent , its measures were not “ especially odious or objectionable ” to the butchers . Justice Miller noted that if the statute had given the same privileges to the city of New Orleans itself , “ no question would have been raised as to its constitutionality. ” They thus reasoned that the law 's creation of a separate corporate entity , licensed as the exclusive site for the landing and butchering of livestock , was among the powers reserved for Louisiana 's legislature . As former U.S . Solicitor General Paul Clement has said , “ He [ Justice Miller ] knows what he 's doing . They know that he 's just interpreted the Privileges or Immunities Clause down to nearly nothingness. ” Clement also notes that the dissenters contemporaneously and many of today 's legal scholars argue that the decision “ [ reads ] the Privileges or Immunities Clause out of the Constitution of the United States . ”
That prevailing practices in the slaughter of animals at the time created serious public-health concerns is quite beyond dispute . Much less clear , however , is the relationship between this problem and the remedy , the monopoly established by Louisiana . As in so many economic-liberty cases today , the logical or causal connection between the regulation and the perceived health-and-safety problem to be remedied is simply taken for granted by both policymakers and courts . Because they regard government as imbued with supernatural powers , themselves requiring no explanation , its monopoly institutions are able to accomplish feats impossible to voluntary , private organizations .
The legal historian Michael Ross embodied this kind of gushing , deluded worship of coercive government power in an appearance on C-SPAN 's excellent Landmark Cases series , assuring a caller that “ in New Orleans , if someone with power does n't act , nothing gets done… . If a legislature did n't act , there 'd still be butchers putting offal in the river by the water intake pipes. ” The greed and selfishness that Ross assumes to be predominant in human nature , dictating our social interactions , leading to predation and injustice , are lifted quietly and without explanation from their assumptions about government .
It is apparently necessary , therefore , to remind Ross and the millions of others who share their ideas that government is composed of the very same vile , self-serving human beings . Just as corporate personhood is a legal fiction , so too is government itself a great fiction , merely a name we have decided to give to certain arrangements and actions . Notwithstanding any of our artifices of nomenclature , government comprises individual persons , all of whom have their own incentives , preferences , and predilections . Those facts are not miraculously suspended because we decide to call one organization a government as opposed to a corporation or any other name we give to the countless bodies of people that make up society .
Opportunities for corruption , self-dealing , and breaches of the public trust are many in institutions that we allow to spend profligately , that we exempt from competitive pressures , that we grant the power to purloin with impunity . As Henry Wilson astutely observes in their Catechism of Individualism , progressives and socialists of all stripes “ propose to cure [ the ] evil … of big concerns , ” i.e. , of concentrated or monopoly power , “ [ by ] making them bigger still — that is , handing them over to Government. ” Wilson 's point goes to the fundamental flaw in resorts to the interventions of positive law as tools with which to remedy perceived social and economic problems . Even where there is not outright corruption , there are almost always negative unintended consequences . Indeed , had the Slaughterhouse Cases been decided differently , the Privileges or Immunities Clause might have been a formidable weapon in the fight against the legal oppressions of the Jim Crow-era South . Likewise , the fight for economic liberty today is largely a fight against the compelled impoverishment and marginalization of poor minority groups , black Americans in particular .
Vassalage
Libertarians have been at the forefront of decrying the Court 's opinion in the Slaughterhouse Cases . For example , Randy Barnett argues that the Privileges or Immunities Clause , its original meaning properly heeded , protects a practically limitless universe of individual rights , the natural rights that we libertarians defend and hold dear . They criticize the Slaughterhouse decision for eviscerating the Clause , for what they argue was a desertion of its original meaning . Constitutional law professor Kurt Lash has notably countered these arguments , defending the Court 's opinion in Slaughterhouse and reading the Privileges or Immunities Clause to protect only “ enumerated constitutional rights ” — rights appurtenant to citizenship in the United States . The Privileges or Immunities Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment , Lash urges , is not to be conflated in its meaning or operation with the language of the Constitution 's Comity Clause ( also known as the Privileges and Immunities Clause ) , a piece of Article IV that entitles the citizens of all states “ to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several states. ” While the language is similar enough , Lash contends that the broad , though not unlimited , protections afforded by the Comity Clause are not the same as those contemplated by the Privileges or Immunities Clause . But Lash is among the few who stand by the Court 's Slaughterhouse opinion . A host of legal scholars and constitutional lawyers have long argued that the Privileges or Immunities Clause , not the Due Process Clause , is the proper means through which to incorporate the guarantees of the Bill of Rights against the states . Indeed , Lash suggests that this is a position now held by a majority in the legal academy .
Libertarian originalists such as Barnett have pointed to the Slaughterhouse dissents as better understanding the Privileges or Immunities Clause . In the longest of three dissenting opinions , Justice Stephen Field writes , reminding of the age-old conflict between what is right and what is legal , “ No one will deny the abstract justice which lies in the position of the plaintiffs. ” The arguments of their dissent take no exception to legitimate exercises of a state 's police power , but distinguish uses of that power as pretenses under which the government has a free hand to abridge the rights of citizens . They observe that any legitimate health-and-safety goals were duly accomplished by the law 's provisions dictating that all slaughter take place downriver from New Orleans and that all animals be inspected . In contrast , Justice Field avers that “ the health of the city is in no way promoted ” by the statute 's grant of special monopoly privileges .
The “ right to pursue a lawful and necessary calling , ” they conclude , is among those protected by the Fourteenth Amendment . Because Field believes that the Fourteenth Amendment suffices to protect the rights of the plaintiffs , they decline to decide whether the Louisiana law also conflicts with the Thirteenth Amendment 's prohibition of slavery and involuntary servitude , though they suggest that it does . Field sees the latent danger in the Court 's opinion — that involuntary servitude might be reestablished not as chattel slavery on the basis of race , but as a modern form of vassalage under which citizens must pay tribute to privileged political favorites in order to work in their chosen occupation . In the almost century and a half since the Slaughterhouse Cases , Justice Field 's dissenting opinion has been vindicated , its warnings seeming to foreknow the economic system of the present day , rife with licenses , privileges , and regulations .
Presented with the new originalist interpretation of the Slaughterhouse Cases , one 's libertarian spirit rejoices at the same time as their instruction in law and history assure them that its convenient theories are too good to be true . It is remarkable that the original public meaning of the Constitution is indeed so obvious in its institution of high libertarian principles that only thoroughgoing libertarians have noticed . More plausibly ( if depressingly ) , most of the public-policy tyrannies to which libertarians object , including the Louisiana law considered in Slaughterhouse , are quite within constitutional bounds . A “ justice-based theory of constitutional legitimacy , ” such as that defended by Barnett and others , must fail on its own terms , for even those libertarians concede that the Constitution permits actions by the federal government that are patently unjust under a libertarian natural-rights framework . Looked upon charitably , in the most forgiving light , the Constitution is perhaps suggestive of libertarianism , like the Magna Carta or the Declaration of Independence , a necessary , incremental step in the direction of individual rights and minimal government . And the originalists ' robust judiciary finds little support in the historical record . In Federalist No . 78 , Alexander Hamilton writes that the judiciary , “ [ having ] neither force nor will , but merely judgment , ” is “ incontestably … the weakest of the three departments of power . ”
The Constitution empowers the legislative branch of the federal government — and those of the several states — to do a great many things that are objectionable to libertarians . Libertarians must therefore emphasize education , understanding that for liberty to obtain in the nation and in the world , people must comprehend and desire it . Liberty can not be endowed from on high , with the Supreme Court as a judicial Sinai , sapiently guarding the freedoms of the American people against the vagaries of democratic overreach .
It is , moreover , naive to think that the judicial branch should desire the position that the new originalists would have it assume . The achievement of the results that libertarians desire requires both widespread understanding of the importance of freedom and mechanisms that properly channel incentives . It is not enough to simply assert , in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary , that a Constitution creating a powerful , centralized national government was actually meant to institute a version of natural-rights libertarianism . Libertarians can fight for liberty — and celebrate cases that shelter it — without resorting to wishful thinking about the founding documents or the Framers themselves . Indeed , to make progress in the direction of a free society , we must avoid romanticized versions of the nation 's history and laws ; we must have a grounded and sophisticated understanding of them — including the Constitution . The Supreme Court 's decision in the Slaughterhouse Cases was undoubtedly a miscarriage of justice from a libertarian standpoint . But it may have been quite right constitutionally .
This article was originally published in the June 2016 edition of Future of Freedom .
There is an eerie familiarity taking hold in Georgia 's runoff Senate race . The same tone that defined the much lamented 2002 contest -- in which challenger Saxby Chambliss questioned the patriotism of triple-amputee , Vietnam vet Max Cleland -- is resurfacing in the current go-around .
This time , Chambliss and other Republican groups are going after Democratic challenger Jim Martin for being soft on crime and a danger to children , even though Martin 's daughter was kidnapped at the age of eight and , subsequently , the Georgia Democrat introduced a wide-variety of legislation to protect families from crime .
It 's a classic thread of political thought that suggests the best line of attack is to go after your opponent 's character strength . And it 's a meme that defined Chambliss ' past run for office . In 2002 , the Georgia Republican ( who never served in Vietnam ) was widely rebuked for running an advertisement that featured a picture of Cleland alongside one of Saddam Hussein and then Osama bin Laden .
This time around , the Chambliss campaign has put out an ad saying that the Martin was fired from a government position `` after children die [ d ] . '' The reference was to Martin 's 2003 resignation from the post of commissioner of the Department of Human Resources after two toddlers passed away under state supervision -- hardly the implicit involvement that the charge suggests .
But the more controversial attack comes by way of the group Freedom 's Watch , which put out an ad that accuses Martin of being a danger to `` your family 's safety . ''
`` You need to know , one public leader failed to look out for Georgia families : Jim Martin , '' goes the script . `` First they actually helped block stiffer penalties for drunk drivers . And then , Martin voted against tougher sentences for domestic abuse . ''
Martin 's campaign has been quick to push back against the line . The former General Assembly member and Vietnam vet put out an ad of their own , telling the tale of how their eight-year-old daughter , Becky , was kidnapped in 1980 while walking home from school .
`` We were blessed that they got away but I never forgot the way they trembled when they faced their kidnapper in court , '' Martin says , directly into the camera . `` That 's why I fought so hard to crack down on violent crime and lockup violent criminals . ''
Martin 's response is a good one , in that it does n't overtly denounce the attacks being launched their way , but rather makes the case that they are the one who is serious about tackling crime -- after all , they know from personal experience .
“ We 've had these trailers for a long time , and it 's time for the trailers to go , ” said Stephanie Canali , a resident of the retirement community who was one of about 65 people to attend a town-hall-style meeting last month on the issue .
In New York State , laws prohibit sex offenders on parole or whose victims were younger than 18 from residing within 1,000 feet of schools or other child care facilities . In 2006 , Suffolk passed a law extending the distance for all sex offenders to a quarter mile . Southampton later stretched that to up to a mile . New York City has no residency restrictions beyond those required by the state .
New York State 's law , like those of many states , was prompted by the 1994 killing of Megan Kanka , 7 , in New Jersey by a neighbor who was a convicted sex offender .
The so-called Megan 's Laws that were passed require sex offenders to register with local authorities and made way for residency restrictions .
Opponents of the restrictions say they offer only a semblance of protection . Not all sex offenders abuse children , for one , and those who do most often know their victims well before the abuse occurs , according to numerous studies .
The rules do not restrict the movements of sex offenders . The men in the Southampton trailers , whose convictions include child rape and disseminating pornography among minors , are required to sleep there at night . In the morning they must leave and check in with parole officers and social workers , but are otherwise free to go where they please .
An exception is Halloween , when , according to county law , registered sex offenders on parole or probation must remain indoors all day .
Former PRIDE FC and Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) welterweight Renzo Gracie may have called it quits on their mixed martial arts ( MMA ) career back in 2010 , but the jiu-jitsu black belt , apparently , still has some fight in him .
Renzo and their entourage , which included cousins Igor and Gregor Gracie , were involved in a brawl outside a New York nightclub ( video here ) last week . A `` calculated '' attack , according to one of the bouncers who suffered a beatdown , due to the fact that the security team allegedly denied two of their `` masters '' club access a few days prior .
Gracie , however , issued a statement saying that the melee , which got them and all of their crew members arrested , was nothing more than a big `` misunderstanding . ''
Free on a $ 10,000 bond , Renzo appeared on `` The MMA Hour '' to talk in detail about what exactly went down that fateful night and says the scrap all started after a rude bouncer began insulting everyone in line . Furthermore , they deny ever hitting the bouncer after mounting them because they immediately chickened out .
Their words :
`` It was nothing much , in reality . People made the thing become big . The DA ( district attorney ) saw me there and decide to call the press , make the drama and say that we were doing a gang assault . A gang assault is defined by three people beating up one individual and causing them serious injuries . Which never happened . Now that they watched the tapes , they realized that nothing happened but me taking the guy down , mounting them and when I was going to start beating them up , they said to me , 'Why you 're doing this ? I do n't know you , why are you beating me up ? ' You have to understand one thing , in my life , I promise that I will never hit someone who chickens out . The guy chicken out , they asked for a towel . They asked to leave , I could n't hit him , I just stood up . At the same time , an amazing bouncer that I know for a long time , they came up and said , 'Renzo why are you doing this ? This guy has a mouth on them and they do nothing but insult people . ' So , I stood up and I said , 'Nat , I did n't know you were working tonight , so I 'm out of here and I apologize to you and I apologize coming to your place without talking to you first . I walked away but the other guy got up and called the other bouncers which were around 20 of them and was telling them to attack us . So , as were trying to make it to the car , the bouncers are coming after us . So , we were just holding our ground and walking back until the cops arrived . When the cops arrived , they made a huge scandal that got us arrested . Now I realize that many times in the justice system , even though its a good and efficient one , it does n't work . We were the only ones arrested . If there was any gang assault , it was the three guys jumping on Igor . Luckily nobody hit nobody . The whole time , it was nothing but grab each other with no kicking and punching . The only time someone took someone down was me . The altercation was directly with this person that is accusing us because everybody that was coming to the door , they were very rude to them . For you to have an idea . I just got invited to a dinner by 15 bouncers and I can bring anybody from my university because they said , 'We wish for a long time that this happened to this guy . ' That 's how much they are hated in the industry . Unfortunately , the owner of the 1OAK did n't realize they were at the door . I was standing there , and I saw a lady come , and it 's funny because they look just like the DA that is charging us . And told them that , I told them that I wanted to come in and they said , 'You can not come in honey . ' I asked why and they said , 'Because you are fat and ugly . ' I saw them insulting so many people . So I felt that if this guy runs their mouth on me , I am going to hit him . But they were such a chicken that I did n't have a chance to hit him . But like a see a coward , is like a bag of poop . I can not dirty my hands . So after they made all this drama , they chickened out . Now they are claiming they are going to sue me . I want to know for what ? They did n't even get hurt . Maybe for sitting on him . This guy is 230 pounds and 6 ' 2 or 6 ' 3 and they chicken out . That 's the nightmares I have . I hope I never have a son like that . That was it , nobody hurt . They made a huge drama and they accused me of gang assault . My whole life , even when with my brothers , we had a meeting , that even if I am there , you are going to fight until the end . If your situation is too bad , the best that I can do to help you is to pull your opponent away and tell them the fight is over and they won . That 's it . I 'm never jumping in to hit the guy or kick him . The fight is one-on-one and that is exactly what happened . It was me and him , and I have it on tape . It was me and him . ''
Initially charged with gang assault -- a felony which carries with it a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison -- the charges were reduced to a misdemeanor of assault .
In addition to their side of the story , Gracie said they have other bouncers who want to go and testify in their favor and talk about the bad character of the accusing bouncer . According to Renzo , the complaints against the bouncer are endless in New York , and says the tussle was nothing more than their attempt to stand up for themselves and the rest of the people who were insulted that night .
And though no punches were thrown ( or arms broken ) , Renzo says they wish they had hit the bouncer on the heels of all the negative backlash he 's received .
Furthermore , Gracie revealed that they refused to leave the jail cell until all of their friends and family who were locked up alongside with them were let go , as well , seeing as how it was their temper that caused the situation . As of now , the legal battle is just beginning , as Renzo faces a court date on July 17 , 2014 .
You heard it straight from the horse 's mouth , Maniacs , so what 's your verdict on this whole situation ?
While Senator Elizabeth Warren pushes for legislation that would allow student borrowers to enjoy the same insanely low interest rates as big banks ( for one year at least ) , the House of Representatives today passed a bill that would link the interest rates on federal student loans to the yield on the 10-year Treasury note .
Once again , lawmakers are facing a June 30 deadline to figure out how to keep rates on federally subsidized Stafford loans from doubling from 3.4 % to 6.8 % . The House bill is one proposed long-term solution that proponents say would prevent future 11th-hour short-term fixes .
The Smarter Solutions for Students Act , introduced by Congressman Jon Kline from Minnesota , would link the rates on federal student loans to the yield on the 10-Year note by adding a certain fixed percentage to whatever that yield rate is .
For example , the subsidized Stafford loan would be set at 2.5 % on top of the yield rate . Currently , that 's around 2 % , so the interest rates for loans first disbursed after June 30 of this year would be 4.5 % . This would vary from year to year , depending on the yield rate , but the Act puts a cap on the subsidizes Stafford loan interest rate at 8.5 % .
For PLUS loans , the Act adds 4.5 % to the given yield rate on the 10-Year note , meaning new borrowers would be paying 6.5 % in the coming year . Unlike the current system , which locks students into the interest rate for the life of the loan , the proposed system would allow interest rates to vary from year to year .
The Act would not effect any current student loans , only those with first disbursements after June 30 .
All this being said , the legislation stands an incredibly slim chance of making it through the Senate to the White House , where the President would be expected to veto it .
Opponents of the bill say they are concerned about both the interest rate increase and the uncertainty caused by the variable nature of the proposed plan . Senate Democrats have proposed extending the current interest rates for another two years , while the White House has put forth a plan to tie the rates to note yields , but at lower rates than the House bill . The Obama administration has also called for those rates to be fixed for the life of the loan .
House Passes Bill on Variable Student-Loan Rates [ Wall Street Journal ]
Reason Magazine 's Shkha Dalmia has a great piece at Forbes about the European roots of Arizona 's immigration law :
If universal health coverage was part of the longstanding liberal agenda to implement a European-style welfare state in America , Arizona 's tough new anti-immigrant law represents the conservative agenda to install a European-style surveillance state . Indeed , the very same conservatives who could not find words strong enough to condemn the Europeanization of America under ObamaCare are now greeting the Arizona law–which will require residents to prove their lawful status to authorities on demand–with a cheerful smile and a shrug . The two efforts together will nix any notion of American exceptionalism–the idea that America has a special relationship with Lady Liberty that no other country enjoys . Therefore some things that are permissible in other countries are simply not kosher here .
As Dalmia goes on to point out , it is rather obvious that , if the law is actually enforced , it would lead to discriminatory detention of Hispanic 's , including Hispanics who are here legally or who are already citizens . In fact , they only way to ensure that a law like the one in Arizona does not discriminate based on race would be to make it even more European :
The only way of making the Arizona law less discriminatory will be by making it more draconian by implementing a full-blown National Identification system that covers all Americans , as in France and Belgium . In France random ID checks by police , especially in poorer neighborhoods , are quite common . And in Belgium , on the threat of fines , everyone over the age of 15 is required by law to carry an identity card complete with an electronic chip full of personal information . This danger is hardly far-fetched given that America 's leading immigration reform proposal–endorsed by President Obama–actually calls for a National ID program . But while such policies might behoove countries where citizenship is like membership in an ethnic or linguistic club , it is profoundly at odds with America 's spirit of openness , which embraces everyone who shares its ideals of liberty .
It 's ironic that the same conservatives who have spent the past year saying that Obama and the Democrats are advocating economic policies that would make the United States more like Europe , are advocating an immigration policy that would do exactly the same thing .
Texas flood damage could top $ 3 billion for 2015
A fresh analysis found 2015 floods could cost Texas more than $ 3 billion . See photos of the historic floods that swamped Texas this year and in years past ... A fresh analysis found 2015 floods could cost Texas more than $ 3 billion . See photos of the historic floods that swamped Texas this year and in years past ... Photo : Brett Coomer , Houston Chronicle Photo : Brett Coomer , Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 237 Caption Close Texas flood damage could top $ 3 billion for 2015 1 / 237 Back to Gallery
Widespread flooding in 2015 could cost Texas upwards of $ 3 billion largely from damage to soaked roads and public infrastructure , according to a fresh analysis .
Last weekend Texas weathered its second record-breaking rainfall event of the year , when three storm systems converged and flooded cities statewide . Hundreds of roadways ended up underwater , either soaking in a standing flood or bearing a raging current . That does damage .
RELATED : Interactive map shows what weekend rains did to Houston
`` These kinds of [ disasters ] are particularly nasty because , with that kind of infrastructure damage , tax payers are going to get stuck with the cost , '' said Chuck Watson , director of research and development at Kinetic Analysis Corp. , a disaster impact modeling firm in Maryland .
They produced the $ 3 billion estimate—which mirrors the boost state lawmakers gave to transportation spending this year -- with Kinetic 's intricate databases and computer models , thousands of National Weather Service reports , news reports and insurance data .
For context : of $ 45 million in damages done when May storms swamped Houston , $ 25 million was to public infrastructure , $ 4.5 million was to buildings and $ 15 million was for cleanup .
On Friday and Saturday , floods covered 330 spots on 232 state-maintained roads , according to the Texas Department of Transportation . Some of those spots were really big—like a nearly 12-mile length of Interstate 45 in Navarro County that sat submerged for an entire day .
And hundreds more city and county roads suffered similarly . In Austin , the only city with data readily available Tuesday , high water covered 66 spots on city roads .
RELATED : Floods cause more than 100K gallons of wastewater to spill
`` More than likely it 's going to be some damage there with the water having sat for as long as it did , '' said TxDOT spokesperson Mark Cross . `` But we wo n't know completely until things dry out . ''
They said a final damage tally is months away .
A road that 's been saturated to its bed will probably crack , buckle and form potholes in later months . Existing cracks and potholes will grow larger . In fast-moving water , road embankments can get washed away , street signs can topple and electrical equipment , like traffic lights , can fry .
Waterborne debris can clog bridge joints , causing the structure to buckle . Exceptionally strong currents can even wash away pavement or concrete road linings .
But FEMA 's National Flood Insurance Program , almost the only high water insurance available in the county , does n't cover damage to public infrastructure like roads , an agency spokesperson said . The dozens of counties declared disaster areas last spring and this fall will get federal relief money , but how that can be applied remains unclear .
RELATED : Federal aid for flood victims tops $ 11 million
Watson said $ 3 billion for a year 's worth of disaster costs is not shocking , but records from the National Climate Data Center suggests 2015 could have brought Texas ' costliest year of flooding on record .
The federal agency lists weather disasters with an estimated repair cost exceeding $ 1 billion in 2014 dollars ; records show severe floods dealt $ 1 billion damages in 1998 and $ 2 billion in 1994 . Texas and neighboring states split the check on $ 2 billion and $ 3 billion in expenses from floods in 1990 and 1983 , respectively .
Watson cautioned that their figure includes a wide range of projected costs to the state economy , while the NCDC reports only hard damage . Still , 2015 has been a wet , expensive year .
RELATED : May 2015 is now Texas ' wettest month on record
`` What was exceptional this year , in Texas and across the southeast , was how widespread the floods were , '' Watson said , noting that many Southern states , including Texas , shattered monthly rainfall records this year .
When he 's not an economic analyst , Watson sits on a scientific review panel for the U.N. 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which released its chilling fifth report in 2013 . ( Watson holds a bachelor 's degree in electrical engineering , a master 's in geophysics and a PhD in economics . )
They said he 's leery of frequent hastily-drawn links between weather disasters and climate change , which remains a nebulous concept . Because the oldest detailed weather records date back just a century—hardly a second in Earth time—Watson said it remains unclear if recent calamitous events are part of normal long-term weather cycles or a steady trend towards a warmer planet .
RELATED : Study : Climate change could ravage Texas - 10 key outtakes
`` We 're kind of at that tipping point from a data standpoint , where you ca n't tie in any particular event , but it does seem like the frequencies are changing , '' they said . `` We 're starting to see changes in extreme events . We 're getting different kinds , and we 're getting more of them . ''
Forecasters expect heavier-than-average Texas rains to continue through early 2016 thanks to El Niño , a recurrent global weather pattern that brings extra moisture to the Lone Star State , and this year has grown to the strongest event on record . It should peak in early winter .
State climatologist John Nielsen-Gammon said 2015 will likely end up the wettest year on record for many northern parts of Texas .
President Jacob Zuma and other government officials have paid a surprise visit to Manguzi Police Station as part of the campaign to intensify the fight against cross border crime in Manguzi . ( Supplied )
Durban - President Jacob Zuma paid a surprise visit to the Manguzi police station , northern KwaZulu-Natal , on Tuesday .
Their visit was part of government 's campaign to intensify the fight against cross-border crime in the Umkhanyakude , Hlabisa , and Jozini municipalities .
They spoke to residents living near the border and went to inspect the border post allegedly used during the commission of the crimes .
Residents had for the past years complained about crimes in their area , allegedly committed by migrants from neighbouring Mozambique .
ANCYL Far North Region chairperson Sandile Sibiya told News24 they wanted government to build a `` huge wall '' along the Mozambican border to prevent criminals from stealing their cars .
`` The criminals just cut through the wire fence separating the two countries and get away . So now we want a huge wall to be erected here to prevent any further cross border crime and we want government to deploy more soldiers , '' they said .
Residents who owned 4x4s and stock were the main targets of hijackings and robberies .
`` What 's worrying most is that those criminals do n't even change number plates on the hijacked cars once they get them to Mozambique . Our local police ca n't do anything once the cars have been taken across the border , '' they said .
KwaZulu-Natal Premier Willies Mchunu , who was part of the government 's delegation with Zuma , announced that R48m has been set aside to fight cross-border crime .
`` Rural communities are under a huge yoke of poverty and have to bear the burden of stock theft and car hijackings , '' Mchunu said .
The visit formed part of government 's campaign against crime which is causing heightened tensions between residents and migrants from Mozambique and Swaziland , the Presidency said in a statement .
Video blog on Gaza devastation by British Channel 4 News presenter attracts wide audience
By Julie Hyland
2 August 2014
A harrowing video blog by veteran Channel 4 news presenter Jon Snow on their recent five-day visit to the devastated Gaza Strip has attracted more than one million viewers .
In the three minute YouTube presentation , The Children of Gaza , Snow describes what they found at the al-Shifa hospital in Gaza , which has had to dedicate two floors to dealing with children killed and maimed in the Israeli bombardment of this tiny strip of land . Just 25 miles long and seven miles wide , with its borders sealed to the outside world by Israel and Egypt , Gaza has rightly been described as an “ open air prison ” for two million people .
The scenes are “ still etched in my mind , ” Snow recounts directly to camera . Channel 4 's main news presenter since 1989 explains , “ What I never knew is what I know now : which is that those people who live in Gaza are mainly , but unbelievably young . The average age is 17 . That means that about a quarter of a million are under 10 . ”
In such a densely packed urban area , they continue , “ if you decide to throw missiles , shells , and the rest , then you will undoubtedly kill children . And that is what [ the Israeli government ] are doing . ”
The short presentation is interspersed with footage of some of the young victims of the one-sided war , including a two-year-old girl , Nema ; their severely bruised Panda-like eyes testament to the broken skull and fractured nose they suffered as a result of an Israeli artillery strike .
The plight of such young children is the “ essence of what is happening in Gaza , ” Snow says .
They acknowledge that Hamas is firing rockets into Israel , but continues that “ of course Israel—courtesy of American finance—has invented the most brilliant shield which is keeping absolutely everything out . And that 's a big difference . Suffering is amongst the ground troops , mainly 20-year-olds , who go in and get killed . ”
The video was shot in the Channel 4 News studio 17 days into Israel 's murderous offensive against a defenceless population . The cynically named Operation Protective Edge is now into its 25th day , and has lasted longer than Operation Cast Lead , in December 2008-January 2009 , which was condemned by the United Nations Commission on Human Rights as a war crime .
Since Snow produced their blog , hundreds more men , women and children have died or been injured . Many of these were taking shelter after being warned to clear out of homes and apartments in areas deemed no-go zones by the Israel Defence Force .
Many of the recent dead and injured , such as the 20 Palestinians killed at the UN 's Jabalia Elementary Girls School on Wednesday , were amongst thousands of families that have fled to take refuge in what are supposedly safe areas . It was the second attack on a UN school since the offensive began on July 8 , as Israel deliberately targets civilians with the aim of wiping out and terrorising all resistance to its brutal occupation of Palestinian land .
What makes Snow 's presentation so unique—and accounts for why it has been taken up so widely—is not only their evident emotion at these horrific events . It is the fact that they have dared to take a stand in defence of the truth .
The ruling elites in Britain , Europe and the United States , as well as the Arab bourgeois regimes , are all too aware of the monumental war crime being carried out in Gaza . While they wring their hands and call for a “ ceasefire ” , they are complicit in the slaughter—having not only repeatedly backed Israel 's right to “ self-defence ” but also supplied the arms and finances that make it possible .
Only this week the US replenished the Israeli military with arms to enable it to continue its offensive , part of the $ 3 billion in funding it gives to Israel annually .
The UK sold Israel £6.3 million-worth of arms last year alone . Not once has there been any demand by the official parties to stop this trade . Instead , seven Conservative Party Members of Parliament are currently in Israel as part of a visit by the Conservative Friends of Israel . They include former minister Baroness Neville Jones , Sir Edward Garnier , Andrew Percy and Bob Blackman . In a statement , they said their visit was aimed at gaining “ a better understanding of the complexities of daily life in the area and [ to ] express their solidarity with the people of the region . ”
They are not visiting the Palestinian territories .
On July 23 , around the time Snow was at the al-Shifa hospital , a meeting of the European Union 's foreign ministers issued a statement effectively endorsing Israel 's action . While calling the firing of rockets by Hamas “ criminal and unjustifiable acts , ” the ministers insisted on “ Israel 's legitimate right to defend itself against any attacks . ”
As for the United Nations , even while condemning the assault on its buildings , no action is proposed , let alone taken , for Israel 's flagrant flouting of international law .
Instead , the energies of Washington , London , the EU and the UN are focused on targeting Russia for punitive measures as part of its war-mongering offensive against the Putin regime . Sweeping financial sanctions have been imposed against Moscow over unproven allegations that it was responsible for the crash of Malasyia flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine , which killed 298 passengers and crew .
The stark contrast between the response to Moscow and the inaction against Israel has not passed unnoticed . Millions recognise that what is deemed a war crime depends on who is doing it and whose interests it serves .
Snow 's video was not broadcast on the regular Channel 4 News bulletin . Such is the Orwellian world of official news sources that it appears this was because it may have broken the media regulator Ofcom 's broadcasting code on “ due impartiality ” . Channel 4 's producers have defended running the blog on its web site , however , stating that the “ feedback we have received [ on it ] has been overwhelmingly positive… ”
The response to Snow 's video underscores the widespread opposition to the one-sided “ reporting ” —or rather propagandizing—in favour of Israel 's actions in Gaza , which finds no outlet in the official media .
Many of the recent protests in support of the Palestinians in the UK , for example , have condemned the BBC ( British Broadcasting Corporation ) as the British Brainwashing Corporation .
Writing in Lebanon 's Daily Star , Jessy El Murr , a Sky News Arabia journalist recounted how America 's NBC 's Middle East correspondent Ayman Mohyeldine sent tweets , in which they used words such as “ emotional ” , “ unbelievable ” and “ horror ” to describe witnessing the killing of four Palestinian boys on a Gaza beach on July 16 .
“ His network pulled them out of Gaza almost immediately after the incident , citing security concerns , ” El Murr explains . It was only after thousands responded , condemning their removal by NBC , that Mohyeldine was sent back to Gaza .
“ No such luck for CNN 's Diana Magnay , ” El Murr continues . “ She used the word ‘ scum ' in a tweet to describe a group of Israelis who were threatening to attack them if they said anything ‘ wrong ' about Israel . Although they deleted the tweet , their network pulled them out of Israel and sent them to Moscow . ”
Meanwhile , the International Federation of Journalists has called for Israel to be held to account for attacking journalists reporting on the Gaza Strip after four media workers were killed and three media outlets were attacked , including Al Jazeera .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
One of the fastest ways to make women with disabilities seem pathetic and worthless is to erase or ignore their lives . Why should the Feminist movement celebrate women like Helen Keller , when everyone knows that Keller 's entire contribution was they learned how to talk – and that was entirely Anne Sullivan 's work , after all .
This is , of course , completely untrue [ 1 . Well , not the bit about the water , but that it 's the sum total of Keller 's accomplishments ] , but there was a concentrated effort to ensure that Keller 's accomplishments were ignored . “ Radical Marxist ” is n't as nice a story as “ deaf-blind woman overcomes ” .
If you learned about Helen Keller in school at all , you probably learned the same pablum-esque story I did : Keller was a horrible brat of a child who screamed and kicked and was bad . Then , Anne Sullivan , that angelic woman , came along and , through their virtuous patience , finally got Keller to learn . They stuck Keller 's hand under the well water , and spelled “ water ” into their hand . And suddenly , Keller learned that “ water ” meant this stuff pouring over their hand . And then many years later they graduated from Radcliff College , and this is why all the students in my class should try their hardest , because look at how much Helen Keller accomplished , The End . [ 1 . I think I 've just described the plot of The Miracle Worker – another reason why I 'm irritated that the show 's being put on . Ooh , let 's perpetuate the idea that Keller 's life began and ended at that water pump ! ]
This idea of Keller is so pervasive that even books written about Keller in their lifetime – books that they wrote the introduction for – include the same story . To be vain and quote an essay I wrote last semester :
The only blind person who is given any voice or agency within the work [ Ishbel Ross ' Journey Into Light : The Story of the Education of the Blind ] is Helen Keller , who wrote the forward for the book , and is presented as “ [ rising ] above their triple handicap to become one of the best-known characters in the modern world. ” … [ D ] espite dedicating a whole chapter to Keller , Ross makes no mention of Keller 's politics or activism , instead describing Keller 's grace , “ agelessness ” , and book collection .
No mention of their membership in the Wobblies [ 1 . Industrial Workers of the World . They 're still around. ] . I guess that did n't fit the narrative .
I learned about Helen Keller 's actual life story by reading the book Lies my Teacher Told Me . [ 1 . Loewen , James W. Lies my Teacher Told Me : Everything your American History Textbook Got Wrong , New York : Touchstone , 1995 . ] It 's a book that 's a bit hard for me to evaluate properly because I went to school in Canada and it 's focused on American education and teaching . The section Keller appears in ( cleverly titled “ handicapped by history ” ) talks about hero-building and erasing things that add complications in our respected leaders . About Keller , Loewen writes :
Keller 's commitment to socialism stemmed from their experience as a disabled person and from their sympathy for others with handicaps . They began by working to simplify the alphabet for the blind , but soon came to realize that to deal solely with blindness was to treat symptom , not cause . Through research they learned that blindness was not distributed randomly throughout the population but was concentrated in the lower class . Men who were poor might be blinded in industrial accidents or by inadequate medical care ; poor women who became prostitutes faced the additional danger of syphilitic blindness . Thus Keller learned how the social class system controls people 's opportunities in life , sometimes determining even whether they can see . Keller 's research was not just book-learning : “ I have visited sweatshops , factories , crowded slums . If I could not see it , I could smell it. ” At the time Keller became a socialist , they were one of the most famous women on the planet . They soon became the most notorious . Them conversion to socialism caused a new storm of publicity – this time outraged . Newspapers that had extolled their courage and intelligence now emphasized their handicap . Columnists charged that they had no independent sensory input , and was in thrall to those who fed their information . Typical was the editor of the Brooklyn Eagle , who wrote that Keller 's “ mistakes spring out of the manifest limitation of their development. ” Keller recalled having met the editor : “ At that time the compliments they paid me were so generous that I blush to remember them . But now that I Have come out for socialism they remind me and the public that I am blind and deaf and especially liable to error . I must have shrunk in intelligence during the years since I met him ” They went on : “ On , ridiculous Brooklyn Eagle ! Socially blind and deaf , it defends an intolerable system , a system that is the cause of much of the physical blindness and deafness which we are trying to prevent. ” [ 1 . LMTTM , 22-23 ]
Among other things , Keller helped found the American Civil Liberties Union , donated money to the NAACP , supported birth control , was part of the women 's suffrage movement , and spent time in Halifax . [ 1 . What ? I like my city ! They spoke at the closing ceremonies of the Nova Scotia School of the Deaf and Dumb . I 've read their letters to the principal . I get kinda wibbly . Helen Keller was here ! ]
When we talk about Women 's History – and I understand Women 's History month is in March in the US [ 1 . It 's October in Canada . ] , so that 's not too long from now – we are doing something wrong if we do not include the lives of women with disabilities . Helen Keller is n't the only woman with disabilities who has been ignored , erased , or sanitized for public consumption – it happens over and over , to queer women , to women of colour , to women who are ‘ marked ' as ‘ not-mainstream ' .
I think we can do better than this . I think we 're brave enough to not only confront that important women of our past participated in and encouraged others to participate in abuse , neglect , genocide of certain groups of women , but also brave enough to celebrate histories outside the mainstream .
Security researchers at Symantec have uncovered a new Backdoor Trojan that grants hackers remote access and some control over infected machines .
`` Duuzer , '' as dubbed by the researchers , has been targeting organizations in South Korea and elsewhere in an attempt to steal valuable information .
The Trojan is designed to infect both 32-bit and 64-bit computers running Windows 7 , Windows Vista , and Windows XP .
Duuzer gives attackers remote access to the compromised computer , allowing them to :
Collect system and drive information
Create , enumerate , and end processes
Access , modify and delete files
Upload and Download additional files
Change the time attributes of files
Execute malicious commands
Steal data from infected system
Know about victim 's Operating System
Duuzer Infects via Spear Phishing or Watering Hole Attacks
It is currently unclear how the malware is being distributed , but according to Symantec Researchers , the most obvious routes are Spear Phishing campaigns and Watering Hole attacks .
Once infected , Duuzer checks if the system is running on a virtual machine like VMWare or Virtual Box to ensure that security researchers are not analyzing the malware before performing its malicious routines .
Moreover , the Trojan identifies the existing software configured to run on startup and takes the name of that legitimate software on an infected computer and spread across the system .
Duuzer 's first sets up a backdoor on the machine , allowing attackers physical access to the system .
The attackers then manually run commands through the backdoor on affected computers . They can perform a variety of operations mentioned above .
`` Based on our analysis of Duuzer , the attackers behind the threat appear to be experienced and have knowledge about security researchers ' analysis techniques , '' researchers said . `` Their motivation seems to be obtaining valuable information from their targets ' computers . ''
'Brambul ' Worm and 'Joanap ' Trojan also Detected
Research also discovered a dropper that infects computers with a worm known as Brambul and a Backdoor Trojan called Joanap . Both of them mostly work together and typically used to log and monitor infected systems remotely .
It is still unclear how the dropper is being distributed ; however , it is believed that it comes from malicious emails .
Server Message Block ( SMB ) protocol to spread from one computer to another . The worm detected as W32.Brambul uses brute-force attacks via the ( SMB ) protocol to spread from one computer to another .
Once infected , the Brambul worm connects to random IP addresses on the local network and authenticates itself through SMB using common passwords , like 'password , ' 'login , ' '123123 , ' 'abc123 ' and 'iloveyou . '
Besides attacking other computers via SMB , Brambul creates a network share on compromised computers , usually the system drive , and then sends the computer 's details and login credentials to a predefined email address .
Connection between Duuzer , Brambul and Joanap
According to Symantec , Duuzer has a connection with both Joanap and Brambul ... But how ?
Once infected , Brambul drops other pieces of malware on infected machines , either Duuzer or Joanap .
Systems infected with Brambul have been used as command-and-control ( CnC ) servers for Duuzer and have also been compromised with Duuzer .
If Joanap is dropped , the Trojan will register itself as a local OS service , named `` SmartCard Protector . '' The Trojan opens a backdoor on the compromised machine and starts :
Sending specific files to the attackers
Saving or deleting files
Downloading and executing files
Executing or terminating processes
Propagating instructions it receives from the C & C server
How to get rid of this ARMY ?
Though Duuzer , Brambul , and Joanap are just a small selection of many threats affecting South Korean organizations with a very low-risk level .
But still , it is recommended for the users and businesses to keep themselves safe and protected by following these steps and prevent their systems from being compromised with this malware :
Use a firewall to block all incoming connections from the Internet to services that should n't be publicly available . You should , by default , deny all incoming connections and only allow services you explicitly want to offer to the outside world . Use Complex Passwords as it makes it difficult to crack . Turned OFF Bluetooth if it is not required for mobile devices . Also , turn off other services not required at present . Train your employees not to open email or messages attachments unless they are expecting them .
I would normally post something like this on my tech blog , but I feel like this is more of a writer issue than a tech issue , though tech is a big part of why I 'm writing this post . I 've been pondering this for a long time — and a few inklings have come out in past posts — but the recent resurgence of AmazonFail and the reactions to it made me think it was a good time to share my thoughts on this .
As many of you know , I work for a technology magazine and part of my job is to keep up on news about gadgets and another part is actually reviewing them . Because I have interest in books and am a fiction writer besides , I ended up as the go-to person for eReaders . Last month I covered eReaders at the Consumer Electronics Show and got to see several devices that will be on the market in the next few weeks and months . I must say , there are a LOT of eReaders out there , folks .
To go along with these eReaders , many companies are also setting up online bookstores , kind of like Sony did back in the day . However , there are some differences in the way things are now . First , almost every device coming to market will have the ability to read EPUB books . EPUB is becoming the standard eBook format ( spearheaded by Sony ) , thus the books you want should be readable on the Nook or the iRiver Story or the Alex eReader regardless of where you buy them . In theory .
The logistics of this are a bit gray right now — for instance , it 's not clear if you can buy a book from Sony then load it on the Nook , or buy a book from Barnes & Noble then load it on the Alex . I chalk this up to the general messiness in the eBook area at the moment . Eventually these issues are going to have to be sorted out . In the meantime , a lot of the smaller eReader vendors/eBook sellers are touting that the titles you buy from them can be read on any device , though they 'd be happy to sell you their own .
Contrast this with Amazon , whose eBook format is proprietary and therefore can only be read by Kindles and Kindle apps for smartphones and computers . If a Kindle owner decides they like the Nook better , they can say goodbye to their eBook collection . To be fair to Amazon ( I know , I know , but bear with me ) this was status quo for a long time in the eBook world . Sony only recently started selling EPUB books — before they had their own format for their own readers . And the EPUB as universal format is a fairly new movement . So naturally newer eReaders are poised to take advantage of it .
Regardless of what Amazon is doing , the rest of the industry , including Apple , is going with EPUB and building their own online eBookstores to sell them . Will all of these individual stores survive ? Most likely not , especially if the devices they 're attached to do n't do well . It also depends on what the DRM situation is with books bought from bigger players like B & N . But I 'm sure eventually some eBook selling entity will arise from all of this and become the default store multiple devices attach themselves to . iBook might be that store , or something scrappier will come along .
So , why is all of this important to you , the folks reading this who are likely to be writers and/or book industry professionals ? It 's important because a big part of the future of eBooks is n't being shaped by publishers and booksellers wrangling with each other over percentages , it 's going to be driven by the devices consumers choose to consume the books .
While I do not agree that the iPad will CHANGE EVERYTHING ZOMG and that it will destroy all stupid eReaders [ ] , there are plenty of devices and technologies on the horizon that could change the landscape drastically within the next year or two . I 'm talking way cooler than the iPad ( and much more useful ) . Here 's a really brief overview :
Alex eReader — I only got a little bit of time to play with this device at CES but I liked what I saw a lot . ( I should be getting a review unit soon . ) This eReader has two screens — a 6-inch eInk display and an LCD display below it . It 's kind of like the Nook except the LCD screen is bigger like the kind you 'd find on a smartphone . It runs Android like the Nook , but not locked down . So you can use it just like an Android phone — load apps , surf the web , email , IM , whatever — except without the phone part . Android is on everything these days , so it 's not unusual . The makers of the Alex hooked up with Borders recently , so that will be the default store .
Entourage eDGe — This is another dual-screen device , but it 's more of a combo tablet and eReader than a handheld device . A little smaller than most netbooks , the eDGe ( no , that is not a typo ) has a 9.7-inch electronic paper display on one side and a 10.1-inch LCD on the other . It also runs Android , and the two screens interact , so users can choose books or documents on the LCD , read them on the EPD , make notes or scribbles , click links in books or documents and have them load on the LCD , and much more . The eDGe is aimed mainly at the education market right now , but has some appeal to non-education and non-business users as well . Look for this to be a really excellent magazine platform .
Notion Ink Adam tablet — Remember how I talked about technologies that can change the landscape drastically ? This device incorporates one of them . The Adam tablet is yet another Android device but it 's designed to be a multitasking tablet rather than just an eReader . How is that different from the iPad , you might ask ? The difference is in the screen . It utilizes Pixel Qi 's dual mode display that goes from ePaper to full color at the touch of a button . Yep . Click the link , there 's video . This right here solves the problem most basic eReaders face — unitasking — and the problem tablets that want to be eReaders face — LCD eye burn out . It also runs Android , which means it can multitask . And it has a powerful chip inside so it can play hi-res video and complex games without breaking a sweat .
Qualcomm mirasol — This is n't a device but rather a technology . Qualcomm has developed a type of display that uses ambient light to create color based on the mechanics of how butterfly wings work . This means they can create LCD-like displays that do n't strain the eye yet offer the same depth of color and clarity as LCD . In some cases , even better . They told me the first eReader with this display would be out by the fall , but I 'm betting that the future of mirasol lies in tablets , and maybe one day in laptops [ ] . This is another game-changer .
These four devices and technologies only represent a slice of what 's coming and what 's out there . There is a slew of eReaders either out or coming soon — Nook , iRiver Story , iRex DG 800 , Plastic Logic Que , Skiff , PocketBook 360 , Sony Readers ( Pocket , Touch , Daily ) — and a slew of tablets on the horizon — Lenovo IdeaPad U1 , Eee Pad , MSI dual-screen , Archos 5 , Dell Mini 5 — I seriously ca n't name them all without getting boring . The point is , the landscape is rich right now . And it 's a really exciting time for writers and publishers , especially indie publishers and writers with some control over their own eBook rights , but only if you pay attention and starting thinking right now about ways to take advantage .
You do n't have to know the intricacies of it all nor obsessively follow tech blogs for the next new thing [ ] . Just take the time to be aware of what 's out there and what options it opens up for you in terms of publishing or offering your content .
Writers , know where your publisher is putting your eBooks . Is it just Amazon ? Just Amazon and B & N ? Will people with any kind of EPUB reading devices be able to access them ? Let your readers know . If you 're with a smaller press that gives more individual attention , ask them to look in to the smaller bookstores and devices you find . It may not be the right move for them , but at least you 'll know that options have been explored . If you 've got the e-rights to your backlist titles or other eBook-able material , investigate these places for yourself . They may give you a far better rate than Amazon 's DTP .
I can not stress enough how much I hope that SF magazines are paying attention to all of this . Being online is n't enough . Hell , just having an iPhone app is n't enough . You want a wider audience for your fiction , want to get more people reading the awesome stories you publish ? Make it easy for them to get it . I would pay money for a free online magazine if it had an eBook version that downloaded directly to my eReader every week or month . I am not alone in this .
Plus , there are about to be a lot of people with new , cool devices that are going to go to the eMagazine “ shelves ” on their devices to look for new things to read . Do you know how many eMagazines are in the B & N eBook store right now ? Eleven . Yes . More are coming soon as more content partners get involved , but still , this is a good opportunity for standing out and getting noticed . Also check out non-proprietary outfits like PressDisplay .
Publishers , there is a world out there outside of Amazon . Yes , they 're a huge online bookstore and you absolutely ca n't ignore them . Just do n't ignore everyone else , either . I do n't think Amazon owns the future of eBooks , and they certainly do n't own the future on eReaders . Not yet , at least .
This got very long , sorry , so I 'll end by saying this : I 'm really lucky that I have a job that allows me to combine my interest in the future of reading and publishing with my love of cool gadgets . The stuff I 'm seeing is so amazing , and I 'm really excited about how it has the potential to get people reading more or reading at all . I hope you are , too . One of the reason I wrote this post is because I was starting to be afraid that people did n't know how wide and exciting the landscape was . The iPad is only so-so compared to the other stuff out there , and the Kindle 's limitations are about to bite Amazon in the butt . I hope you 're excited about the future — hell , the present — as much as I am and choose to engage with and become part of it .
Footnotes
Dunbrody Abbey in Wexford Ireland was founded at the instruction of Richard Strongbow in 1170 by Hevre de Montmorency who was their uncle . Montmorency made the grant of land for Dunbrody to the monks of Bildewas in Shropshire on the condition that they should establish a Cistercian monastery on them and that there should be sanctuary in the abbey for any malefactors .
The abbey was dedicated to St Mary and St Benedict . Montmorency became the first abbot of Dunbrody and when they died in 1205 they were buried there .
The church that remains is largely 13th century and is remarkably intact , there is less of the cloister remaining but you can still see where it was .
Dunbrody remained largely quiet and out of history until 1355 when the abbot and some of their monks were charged with taking up highway robbery . William de Ross , the abbot , and some of the monks were indicted for imprisoning Thomas Herlyn who was a monk from Tintern and stealing two horses worth forty shillings . They were also charged with expelling Thomas de Wiggemore who was the Abbot of Tintern and stealing three horses from them worth eight marks . The jury found the charges to be unfounded .
In 1522 the Abbot of Dunbrody Alexander Devereux granted the towns and villages of Battlestown , little and great Haggart , Ballygow , and Ballycorean for the term of 51 years with a rent of 22 marks to their relative Simon Devereux . Having disposed of one of the wealthiest part of abbey 's holdings to enrich their own family , they then abandoned being abbot , switched religions and became Bishop of Ferns .
In 1536 the abbey was dissolved as part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries and was granted to the Etchingham family in 1545 , they turned part of it into a residence .
References :
Site visit 2015
Dunbrody Abbey booklet
Grosse , The Antiquities of Ireland , Volume I , Kilkenny : Wellbrook Press , 1982 .
Chartularies of St. Mary 's Abbey Dublin
https : //archive.org/stream/chartulariesstm00gilbgoog # page/n89/mode/2up/search/de+ros
The photos are all mine
What do the Pyrenean ibex , St. Helena olive , Baiji dolphin , Liverpool pigeon , Eastern cougar , West African black rhinoceros , Formosan clouded leopard , Chinese Paddlefish , the Golden Toad and the Rockland grass skipper butterfly all have in common - but which is different from the Dodo ?
The answer is that these species all became extinct since the year 2000 , that is , in the last fifteen years . The Dodo became extinct in 1662 . The one thing that all of these species have in common is that the cause of their extinction was human beings .
The real tragedy is that the few species mentioned above do not begin to tell the story . Recent estimates indicate that 200 species of life ( plants , birds , animals , fish , amphibians , insects , reptiles ) are driven to extinction each day . Every day . This rate exceeds that during the last mass extinction event , when the dinosaurs vanished 65 million years ago .
In short , planet Earth is now experiencing its sixth mass extinction event and we are the cause . How so ?
Well , human activity now impacts heavily all over the planet and we are using a variety of sophisticated industrial technologies to destroy other life forms in vast numbers and this inevitably results in the extinction of some species .
In some cases we simply hunt these life forms to extinction as a result of some misguided commerical imperative . Whether it is for food ( such as whales and many species of fish ) , trophies ( such as 'big game ' animals ) , raw materials ( such as the ivory of elephant tusks ) or some delusional belief in their aphrodisiac or medicinal qualities ( such as the horn of a rhinoceros ) , we kill them with sophisticated killing technologies such as harpoons , fishing nets and guns ( against which they have no evolutionary defense ) .
To give one example : sea turtles . Six out of the seven subspecies of sea turtles are endangered , according to Wildcoast . Why ? `` Sea Turtles are threatened due to the poaching and hunting of their shells , meat and eggs . Turtle eggs are sold as a snack ... with the absurd belief that they possess aphrodisiac elements . '' See 'Sea Turtles ' .
Habitat destruction and pollution
But mainly , it is two things that drive species over the edge :
our systematic destruction of land habitat - forests , grasslands , wetlands , peatlands , mangroves - in our endless effort to capture more of the Earth 's wild places for human use ( whether it be residential , commercial , mining , farming or military )
and our destruction of waterways and the ocean habitat by dumping into them radioactive contaminants , carbon dioxide , a multitude of poisons and chemical pollutants , and even plastic .
There are now 'dead zones ' in several oceans of the world , not to mention the great floating garbage patches .
Consider rainforests .
In an extensive academic study that was recently concluded , the more than 150 joint authors of the report advised that 'most of the world 's > 40,000 tropical tree species now qualify as globally threatened ' . See 'Estimating the global conservation status of more than 15,000 Amazonian tree species ' .
Why are more than 40,000 tropical tree species threatened with extinction ? Because 'Upwards of 80,000 acres of rainforest are destroyed across the world each day , taking with them over 130 species of plants , animals and insects . ' See 'Half of Amazon Tree Species Face Extinction ' .
Or consider frogs .
Relatively speaking , we pay a lot of attention to big and colorful species but the species you have never heard about or which are less 'exotic ' need to be valued too . Such as frogs which , among other invaluable services from a limited human perspective , eat malarial mosquitoes .
As Save the Frogs ! reports , `` Frogs have survived in more or less their current form for 250 million years , having survived countless ice ages , asteroid crashes , and other environmental disturbances , yet now one-third of amphibian species are on the verge of extinction . ''
Terrestrial life is rooted in soils - poison at our peril !
But not all of our destruction is as visible as our vanishing rainforests and the iconic species that vanish with them . Have you thought about the Earth 's soil recently ?
Apart from depleting it , for example , by washing it away ( sometimes in dramatic mudslides but usually unobtrusively ) because we have logged the rainforest that held it in place , we also dump vast quantities of both inorganic and organic pollutants into it as well .
Some of the main toxic substances in waste are inorganic constituents such as heavy metals , including cadmium , chromium , lead , mercury , nickel and zinc . Mining and smelting activities and the spreading of metal-laden sewage sludge are the two main culprits responsible for the pollution of soils with heavy metals .
Far more common , however , is our destruction of the soil with organic based pollutants associated with industrial chemicals . Thousands of synthetic chemicals reach the soil by direct or indirect means , often in the form of fertilizers , pesticides , herbicides and other poisons that destroy the soil , by reducing the nutrients and killing the microbes , in which we grow our food . See , for example , 'Glyphosate effects on soil rhizosphere-associated bacterial communities ' .
Using genetically modified organisms , and the chemical poisons on which they rely , exacerbate this problem terribly . But two other outcomes of the use of such poisons are that the depleted soil can no longer sequester carbon and the poisons also kill many of the beneficial insects , such as bees , that play a part in plant pollination and growth .
And , of course , military contamination and destruction of soil is prodigious ranging from the radioactive contamination of vast areas to the extensive and multifaceted chemical contamination that occurs at military bases .
Like destroying the oceans , destroying the soil is an ongoing investment in future extinctions .
Does humanity have a plan for survival ?
Anyway , if so far you have been unconcerned about the fate of our fellow species , you would be wise to reconsider . If you have n't checked them lately , there are lists of critically endangered , endangered , vulnerable and near threatened species .
But heading all of these lists , there should be one other : Homo sapiens sapiens . With human extinction now possible by 2030 - see 'Why is Near Term Human Extinction Inevitable ? ' - we do not have much time left to respond powerfully . Humans , as many ecologists have been noting for decades , are only one part of the web of life . Our fellow species make the Earth habitable . We can not live here without them .
So the key question is not 'Do you really want to live in a world without elephants ? ' The key question is 'Do you really want to live ? ' If you do , then you need to act .
At the simplest level , you can make some difficult but valuable personal choices . Like becoming a vegan or vegetarian , buying / growing organic / biodynamic food , and resolutely refusing to use any form of poison . But if you want to take an integrated approach , the biggest impact you can have as an individual is to systematically reduce your own personal 'ecological footprint ' in consideration of our fellow species .
If you wish to consider such an approach , you are welcome to ponder joining those participating in 'The Flame Tree Project to Save Life on Earth ' which outlines an easy series of steps for reducing your consumption in seven key resource areas by 10 % per year for 15 successive years while simultaneously building your self-reliance . You can also consider signing the online pledge of 'The People 's Charter to Create a Nonviolent World ' which obviously includes nonviolence towards our fellow species .
In addition , you can participate in ongoing campaigns by a multitude of organizations that campaign to preserve one or more threatened species from extinction . If we can save enough other species , we might just save ourselves .
Extinction might be howling outside our door but we do n't have to cower waiting for someone else to save us . What you do personally makes a vital difference .
All life is one
And here 's one final thought . Four billion years ago there was no life on Earth . Then , in what can only be described as a miracle ( and you can decide your own preference about the nature of that miracle ) , a single cell came to life . Perhaps this miracle was then repeated in subsequent years .
But however and how often it occurred , every living organism since that time , including every organism that lives today , is linked in an unbroken chain with that first living cell ( or those first living cells ) . Four billion years of evolution which includes you as a unique individual .
There may be life elsewhere in the Universe . But it does exist here , on Earth . And it has had time to evolve to a complexity that includes us .
Until we understand , as Gandhi understood , that all life is one , we live disconnected from the most fundamental truth of our existence . If we kill something else , we kill a part of our self .
Robert J. Burrowes has a lifetime commitment to understanding and ending human violence . They have done extensive research since 1966 in an effort to understand why human beings are violent and has been a nonviolent activist since 1981 . They are the author of 'Why Violence ? ' . See also their website .
This article was originally published by ZNet .
Rylee Seavers | Broadcast Reporter
A Deferred Action for Child Arrivals ( DACA ) clinic will be held at Baylor 's Law School on Tuesday , September 26 .
The clinic follows Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' announcement that DACA will be ending . Those with DACA cards that expire between September 5 , 2017 and March 5 , 2018 can apply to renew for two more years , but it must be done by October 5 .
Laura Hernandez , professor of law at Baylor Law School , said DACA does not give individuals legal status to be in the United States , but prevents deportation among cardholders .
“ Most DACA cardholders have no memory or have no connection with their country of birth , ” Hernandez said . “ They have been in the United States since they were children and many of the DACA applicants that we supported , or that we helped fill out their applications , came to this country as young as one or two . ”
Baylor law students , under the supervision of Hernandez , will assist DACA cardholders who are eligible to renew in filing out the necessary paperwork , they said .
The services are free and cardholders that are eligible to renew will need to bring their current DACA card and photo identification .
Hernandez said that since the clinic was started in 2012 , it has aided over 300 residents in the Waco area .
The clinic will begin at 6 p.m. at the Baylor Law School on University Parks Drive .
OPINION : I Should Be Allowed To Fuck The NYU Bobcat
Olivia Craighead Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 1 , 2017
Zaddy .
NYU is a school of many mascots . Violets , torches , and bobcats are all symbols of our great university . The difference between them is vast , but perhaps the biggest difference between our three symbols of NYU pride is this : I only want to fuck one of them .
Listen . The NYU Bobcat is hot . We all have to stop pretending that they are n't . He 's a stunning example of what can happen when you tame a wild beast , and I want to have sex with them because of it . Let 's look at the evidence .
They care about fitness . Look at them on that bike ! You do n't get those thicc thighs from just lounging around eating Upstein Chic-Fil-A . No , this dude has been putting in hours at 404 Fitness , and it has been paying off . I want them to crush me .
They love animals ! Granted , they are an animal , but whatever . Look at how they approach that pug with such grace , such ease . I 've never wanted to be a pug in a mini Porsche more in my life .
Those eyes . Wow . Imagine : You wake up after a night of torrid passion and you see those eyes . They use their giant paw to push the hair away from your face before letting out a quiet , “ Hey. ” You call your mom from the bathroom . “ I think I 've found the one . ”
In conclusion , NYU should let me fuck the bobcat . NYU 's whole schtick is letting their students follow their wildest dreams , and just because mine is getting railed by a giant bobcat does n't make it any less valid .
WASHINGTONSeveral Chinese readers have contacted me to express astonishment at the chorus of voices blaming China for the U.S. recession . They wonder : Is this the preamble of a protectionist backlash ?
There is plenty that China deserves to be bashed forits political system and its backing of Sudan and Zimbabwe , for instancebut not the U.S. recession . Yet although it is hard to see how China-bashing would translate into protectionism when Washington needs Beijings financial help , one should never underestimate peoples capacity to self-inflict damage in times of panic . The buy American provision barring the use of foreign steel and iron in the economic stimulus package approved by the U.S. House of Representatives is a stark reminder .
China-bashers maintain that Beijing cheapened its exports through currency manipulation , encouraging Americans to devour them ; the Chinese then invested part of that money and other savings in U.S. assets , prompting the drop in interest rates that in turn fueled the housing bubble . With variations , this view is shared by the previous and the current secretaries of the Treasury , the chairperson of the Federal Reserve , some members of Congress , not to mention some well-known commentators . They claim that the U.S. has been spending too much because China has been saving too much ( I kid you not ! ) .
Yes , in the last 10 years the real personal saving rate in the U.S. has been close to zero ( although it is now going up in the midst of the recession ) , while that of China has been somewhere between 30 percent and 40 percent . If we add government and corporate savings , Chinas rate has been close to 50 percent , almost five times that of the U.S .
But China has been saving much of its income since long before U.S. home prices skyrocketed , and it continues to save more than two years after the bubble burst . The idea that Chinas savings caused the low interest rates that pumped Americas housing bubble does not square with the fact that , according to the International Monetary Funds World Economic Outlook , the savings of the underdeveloped nations continued to rise between 2003 and 2007 , when mortgage rates rose steadily in the U.S. after their ridiculously low years earlier in the decade .
As economist Robert Murphy , the author of The Politically Incorrect Guide to Capitalism ,  maintains in an article , when American consumers went on a binge because they dreamed that their houses would appreciate forever , the worlds saving rate was actually lower than in the 1980s and much of the 90s .
The U.S. financial mess and the ensuing recession were home-grown . Whether one subscribes , as I do , to the view that the consumers frenzy and Wall Streets lunacy originated in the Federal Reserves policy of easy money and the lowering of lending standards or , as many others think , in financial deregulation , the key decisions were made by Americans who were ( or seemed ) perfectly awake . China did not set U.S. interest rates , increase the money supply and pass laws such as the updated Community Reinvestment Act or the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act . Andif one subscribes to the other viewChina is not the one that deregulated U.S. financial markets through laws such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in 1999 .
When a governmentas the Bush administration didengages in expensive foreign and domestic policies that feed on deficits and debt , and consumers decide to follow suit , you eventually run into trouble . The fact that another country decides to save half of its income and invest in the future should make Americans proud : The gospel of U.S. capitalism has finally spread to the unbelievers ! Had it not been for Chinese , Japanese and British investors , the U.S. would have gone bankrupt . Given the amount of new debt that Washington is contemplating in order to rescue Americans from the smartest thing they have done in a long timesave some money and try to adjustChina-bashers should be aware that they will need foreign savers more than ever .
None of this means that Beijings economy is above reproach . For one , China increased the money supply irresponsibly and is now facing an economic slowdown that , as The Economist showed this week , is not primarily due to the drop in exports to the United States . But Washington should not blame the wrong culprit for its mistakes .
Instead , Americans should accept that the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom only in William Blakes prose . In real life , the road to paradise is that of hard work , thrift and creative investment .
The TRUCK that can drive itself : Mercedes shows off self driving system for freight vehicles - and say they will be on roads within 15 years
Radar that scans the road 250 meters ahead
'Highway drive ' system can be controlled from a tablet computer
While Google is developing self driving cars , Mercedes has it eyes on a bigger prize - huge trucks that can drive themselves on the freeway .
The German firm has shown off the Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025 prototype , demonstrated on a German Autobahn , is a major step in an escalating race to develop self-driving vehicles .
During the trial , trucker Hans Luft was toying conspicuously with an iPad behind the wheel of their 40-tonne heavy goods vehicle as it hurtled down the autobahn under the approving gaze of assembled Daimler executives .
Scroll down for video
The German firm demonstrated a camouflaged version of the Future Truck 2025 prototype in July . It was driven on a German Autobahn , and was a major step in an escalating race to develop self-driving vehicles
During the trial , trucker Hans Luft was toying conspicuously with an iPad behind the wheel of their 40-tonne heavy goods vehicle
HOW IT WORKS Clad in mystery-enhancing adhesive foil , the Mercedes prototype is equipped with aerodynamic fins and radar that scans the road 250 meters ahead . The system constantly monitors cars around it to stay in the same lane , and keep at the optimum speed set by the driver . It also makes fuller use of features already found in current production models , by networking on-board sensors with automatic braking , stability control and lane-warning systems . Once the system is switched on , the driver 's seat can become an office chair or swivels to a 'rest position ' , Daimler said - potentially allowing vehicles to drive for longer than current daily working limits for truckers . However , to overtake or change lane , the driver must take manual control .
'The drive was relaxing , ' Luft told reporters afterwards .
Daimler , already at the forefront of German efforts to counter Google 's advances in driverless cars , sees at least as much potential for automation in road haulage .
The world 's biggest truckmaker is confident that its technology can overcome regulatory and legal hurdles - even if the scale of wage and fuel savings on offer spells likely conflict with freight unions in the long run .
'Autonomous driving will revolutionize road freight transport and create major benefits , '' said Daimler Trucks chief Wolfgang Bernhard .
'We aim to be the number one manufacturer in this market of the future which we believe will offer solid revenue and earnings potential . '
Clad in mystery-enhancing adhesive foil , the Mercedes prototype is equipped with aerodynamic fins and radar that scans the road 250 meters ahead .
It also makes fuller use of features already found in current production models , by networking on-board sensors with automatic braking , stability control and lane-warning systems .
As the vehicle 's name suggests , the intention is to launch a roadworthy version by 2025 .
'This truck will not just remain a prototype , ' Bernhard said .
Clad in mystery-enhancing adhesive foil , the Mercedes prototype is equipped with aerodynamic fins and radar that scans the road 250 meters ahead . It also makes fuller use of features already found in current production models , by networking on-board sensors with automatic braking , stability control and lane-warning systems .
The truck in action , while the driver looks at their iPad
Daimler may not have the road to itself .
Sweden 's Scania , a unit of Volkswagen , is among peers working on 'platooning ' technology that allows several trucks to travel in tight convoy with a sole human driver in the lead vehicle .
Autonomous driving proponents face the twin challenges of meeting safety concerns while persuading lawmakers that accident liability can still be established .
But the potential gains may offer powerful incentives to overcome them .
Daimler said its truck model still requires human oversight while freeing the driver to perform back-office tasks such as handling bookings and billing , or planning future itineraries .
The driver 's seat can become an office chair or swivels to a 'rest position ' , Daimler said - potentially allowing vehicles to drive for longer than current daily working limits for truckers .
Fuel and driver wages each account for 27 percent of current operating costs for a typical haulage firm , according to a study by France 's CNR , a government agency that monitors the sector .
How it works : The truck can scan the road ahead for vehicles and monitor them , ensuring there are no collisions . The driver 's seat can become an office chair or swivels to a 'rest position ' , Daimler said - potentially allowing vehicles to drive for longer than current daily working limits for truckers .
A tablet is used to control the system , and drivers can also see routes and information about the truck
'Once you include traveling expenses , total driver costs rise to a full third , the biggest item , ' a CNR official said .
Even without removing the drivers , they added , 'their share of total cost will fall if there are other productivity gains - if you use a little less driver for a given distance , so to speak . '
The automated vehicles also save fuel by driving more economically , according to Daimler .
Even once legal and technological obstacles are cleared , however , self-driving trucks may face further resistance - not least from unions that wield serious clout in many countries .
'We would have concerns , ' said Adrian Jones , a transport official at Unite , Britain 's biggest union .
'We need to maintain the very high standards that we 've got , ' they said .
'What 's the point being there if you 're not paying any attention and you 're not supervising in effect ? '
Opposition is also likely in France , where the government last year scrapped an environmental truck tax after widespread protests brought highways to a halt .
Labor representatives will be 'extremely vigilant about the impact on jobs , wages and road safety ' if attempts are made to introduce self-driving trucks , the Paris-based CFDT union said .
'We must resist any temptation to consider that a driver is resting when the truck is on auto-pilot , ' spokesperson Fabian Tosolini .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Pandemics are great – as long as you 're reading a novel about scientists battling to save the human race , or perhaps playing the very popular board game in which players work together as various types of specialists to save the world .
We may be facing just such a scenario thanks to the effects of global warming , and it wo n't be fun and games :
Bad news — there are diseases hidden in ice and # climatechange is releasing them into the world . https : //t.co/m4a7nybEq0 — Greenpeace USA ( @ greenpeaceusa ) May 6 , 2017
As the BBC reports , “ Long-dormant bacteria and viruses , trapped in ice and permafrost for centuries , are reviving as Earth 's climate warms . ”
Frozen permafrost soil is the perfect place for bacteria to remain alive for very long periods of time , perhaps as long as a million years . That means melting ice could potentially open a Pandora 's box of diseases .
Repeated pandemics contributed to the collapse of the Roman Empire . These including The Antonine Plague of 165–180 AD and the more famous Justinianic Plague of the sixth to eighth centuries which may have claimed as many as 100 million people .
The Black Death devastated Europe , killing perhaps two-thirds of the population , and the 1918 influenza pandemic ( the Spanish flu virus ) killed between 20 and 40 million people worldwide , more than were killed in the war itself .
Terrible as that pandemic was , it is n't gone . Not really . Just frozen . And now thawing . The National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) reports they have found it living in mass graves in Alaska and as The New York Times reported as far back as 1998 , in Norwegian permafrost too , just a few feet below the living .
Our immune systems are n't familiar with these long-gone pathogens , say experts . You can imagine what that means .
What this tells us is that erratic weather , rising sea levels and poisoned air and water are not necessarily the most dangerous threats posed by the global warming the Trump administration has just decided does n't officially exist .
Photo of permafrost : By Hannes Grobe 21:12 , 26 October 2007 ( UTC ) ( Own work ) [ CC BY-SA 2.5 ] , via Wikimedia Commons
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Toronto FC announced Tuesday that Spanish forward Miguel Angel Ferrer Martinez “ Mista ” has signed with the club . Mista 's contract will run through to the end of the 2010 MLS season . As per team and league rules financial details were not released .
“ Mista adds a wealth of experience to our team , ” said manager , director of soccer Mo Johnston . “ He 's played at Real Madrid , Valencia CF , and Deportivo La Coruna which are all world class clubs . Mista is a different type of player from what we have and we are excited to get them in the lineup after July 15 . ”
Mista , 31 , joins Toronto FC after spending their entire career in Spain playing almost entirely in The Primera Division ( La Liga ) . The forward spent the 2008-2010 seasons with Deportivo La Coruna , where they were a teammate of current Toronto FC midfielder Julian de Guzman . Mista 's most successful seasons in La Liga came while they were a member of Valencia from 2001-2006 when they made 142 appearances , scoring 40 goals . They won two Spanish league titles ( 2001-02 , 2003-04 ) during that time and was a member of the 2004 UEFA Cup winning squad where they scored the second goal in a 2-0 victory over Olympique de Marseille of France . By winning that title Valencia went on to compete in the UEFA Super Cup where Valencia CF defeated FC Porto of Portugal 2-0 .
Mista began their career under current Inter Milan boss and former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez at Real Madrid where they spent three seasons before moving on to Tenerife where they helped that club gain promotion into the first division .
Internationally , they made their debut for the Spain on March 26 , 2005 in a 3-0 friendly win over China and has two caps with the senior squad . They also are a member of the Spanish U17 , U18 and U21 sides .
Due to International Transfer Rules , Mista will not be available for selection until after the July 15 transfer window opens .
Raiders general manager Reggie McKenzie said upon arrival in Mobile , Ala. , for the Senior Bowl they could have a head coach in place by the end of the week .
“ It could happen by Saturday , '' McKenzie told CSN-Bay Area .
McKenzie did not confirm or deny any candidates reported by various media outlets . Regarding an NFL Network report that an interview with Packers assistant Winston Moss did not go well , McKenzie said , “ That 's far from the truth . ''
Among the candidates who McKenzie has reportedly either talked to or plans to talk to include Miami interim coach ( since replaced by Joe Philbin ) Todd Bowles , Denver defensive coordinator Dennis Allen , Philadelphia assistant head coach and offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg and Chicago offensive coordinator Mike Tice .
Eight scouts made the trip to Mobile to evaluate talent , McKenzie said . They said they are still evaluating the current staff and “ I 'm not in a hurry to hire and fire , at all . ''
Current coaches , those under contract and those whose contracts have expired , will be retained or dismissed at the discretion of the new head coach , McKenzie said .
Two assistants have already found other jobs _ defensive line coach Mike Waufle ( St. Louis Rams ) and wide receivers coach Sanjay Lal ( New York Jets ) .
Almost all commercial ice creams contain industrial ingredients that mimic the luxurious effects of butterfat and egg yolks : some are natural , like carrageenan , extracted from algae plentiful in the Irish Sea ; others are synthetic , like mono- and diglycerides .
But using new technologies can be risky for manufacturers . The other new method for making supercreamy ice cream was caught up last month in the global debate over genetically modified foods . In June , Unilever , the Anglo-Dutch conglomerate , applied to Britain 's Food Standards Agency for permission to use a new ingredient in its frozen desserts — a protein cloned from the blood of an eel-like Arctic Ocean fish , the ocean pout .
Instead of extracting the protein from the fish , which Unilever describes as “ not sustainable or economically feasible ” in its application , the company developed a process for making it , by altering the genetic structure of a strain of baker 's yeast so that it produces the protein during fermentation .
This ingredient , called an ice-structuring protein , has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration and is used by Unilever to make some products in the United States , like some Popsicles and a new line of Breyers Light Double Churned ice cream bars .
“ Ice-structuring proteins protect the fish , which would otherwise die in freezing temperatures , ” said H. Douglas Goff , professor of dairy sciences at the University of Guelph in Ontario . “ They also make ice cream creamier , by preventing ice crystals from growing . ”
In Britain , where Unilever 's Cornetto cone is as iconic as the Fudgsicle is in the United States , the news media have leapt in with headlines about “ vaneela ” ice cream . Britain , like the rest of the European Union , requires labeling for any food that has contact with genetically altered material , even if that substance is not present in the finished product . In its application Unilever stressed that no DNA or other “ material from fish ” is used in the process . But genetically modified foods have yet to gain wide acceptance from the European public , and Unilever has found itself the unwilling center of attention .
“ It 's unfortunate that this happened to come out during our so-called summer when people are interested in ice cream , ” said Trevor Gorin , head of media relations for Unilever in the United Kingdom . “ I ca n't tell you how many times I 've had to explain that no , the Cornetto will not taste fishy . ”
Photo
The United States has no regulations requiring the labeling of genetically modified food , which has become increasingly common at every point in the food chain . Until recently , its practical applications were mostly in developing strains of crops , like soybeans and corn , that are more resistant to stresses like disease , weather and insects .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But research by people like Professor Goff is beginning to bear fruit for the processed-food industry : proteins like the ones found in the ocean pout are an example .
For consumers , the benefit is that ice-structuring proteins and low-temperature extrusion have raised the “ creaminess ” bar for the ice cream industry .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ The ice creams produced with the new methods are simply better than any ice creams have ever been , ” Professor Goff said . “ Quite definitely better in texture , and much better tasting . ”
A tasting by the staff of the Dining section found the Breyers Light Double Churned chocolate ice cream bar with the ice-structuring protein very creamy , even dense . It was the favorite of five ice cream bars tasted . The Häagen-Dazs Light and the Breyers Light chocolate ice cream , using low-temperature extrusion , were also very creamy and did not seem to be low-fat . But tasters found that the new ice creams still lagged behind full-fat versions in flavor .
“ The quest has always been for the taste and texture of full-fat ice cream , ” said Tyler Johnston of Edy 's . “ Since the 1980 's it 's been about adding ingredients , ” they said , referring to the gels and gums that commercial producers churn into reduced-fat ice cream to improve and stabilize its texture . “ Now we have a complicated process , but the recipe can be simplified , ” they added , referring to the industrial freezers that reduce the ice cream from minus 5 to minus 25 degrees Celsius for low-temperature extrusion .
The public seems persuaded . Shelf space for Dreyer's/Edy 's Slow Churned , Breyers Light Double Churned and Häagen-Dazs Light has consistently expanded since they appeared . The category to which they belong , reduced fat , is the only part of the ice cream market that has been increasing in sales . As defined by the F.D.A. , light or reduced-fat products can contain up to half the fat grams and two-thirds the calories of the original . ( For a product like Häagen-Dazs dulce de leche ice cream , this means a reduction from 18 fat grams to 7 in the Light line ; a low-fat product can have no more than three fat grams per serving . )
While full-fat ice cream still makes up more than 65 percent of the total market , the International Dairy Foods Association says that sales in the category have been flat for three years and that sales of low-fat and nonfat ice cream have gone down in the same period .
Professor Goff said that outside the United States the significance of the new technologies would be noted not on the palate but on the pallet . “ American companies are getting ready to export ice cream to China , India , the Philippines , ” they said . “ These are places that have very real cold-chain issues , ” they said , referring to the challenge of keeping ice cream consistently frozen throughout the shipping process .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Products produced with the new technologies are less affected by partial thawing than traditional ice creams , which become dry , sticky and hard in fluctuating temperatures . ( This is why letting a container of ice cream thaw on the counter before scooping it is a bad idea . )
“ Ice crystals are everyone 's enemy in ice cream , ” said Arnold Carbone , the head of the Ben and Jerry 's research lab in South Burlington , Vt. ( Ben and Jerry 's , now also owned by Unilever , does not use either new process . ) “ Ice cream is an emulsion of air , fat and water , and emulsions are always fragile because the elements want to separate . ”
Every time ice cream thaws slightly , the emulsion is compromised and the ice crystals combine into larger , jagged crystals that destroy the ice cream 's texture . “ This is the drama of the cold chain , ” they said . “ Every minute that ice cream sits on a loading dock , it suffers incredible abuse . ”
Professor Goff , whose lab is working on a process of extracting ice structuring proteins from winter wheat , has a low-tech solution for those trying to avoid crystallization . “ It 's simple , ” they said . “ Never leave a container of ice cream unfinished . ”
Chinese investors dominate the global bitcoin volume trade . For some time , Chinese regulators have been concerned about bitcoin and whether it is having a negative effect on the renminbi .
Last week , the People 's Bank of China met with three of the country 's largest bitcoin exchanges to talk about market regulations .
Charles Hayter , chief executive and founder of digital currency comparison website CryptoCompare , said today 's announcement was a `` ratcheting of the rhetoric '' from the Chinese authorities .
`` Instead of 'we 're watching ' you it 's now 'we 're investigating ' you , '' they told CNBC .
`` The intentions of the Chinese state are clearer and it looks like they 're trying to bring the Chinese bitcoin exchanges to heel - whether they are looking to make an example is yet to be seen . ''
Hayter added that the move may have positive impacts in the long term , as it may bring more respectability to the industry as it matures .
`` But in the short term this could affect volumes which have been one of the key drivers of the recent rally . ''
Bitcoin had been steadily rallying through 2016 and appreciated to more than $ 1,100 on January 5th , near to its record high , but the digital currency subsequently crashed , dropping back to the $ 900 level .
Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook .
Thanks to Marty Goldberg and their post on the Facebook group , Vintage Gaming ( & Computing ) , we were given the heads-up on John Feagan 's photo and commentary on some early Commodore Vic-20 history . Here 's John 's commentary :
History of the Vic-20 development has been rewritten by the non-participants–but I have the pictures . Here is the real deal developed at the Commodore Advanced Moorepark development center in San Jose , CA in July 1980 . It took another year of production engineering and a launch in Japan before it made it to the US . My wife translated the users manual to English from Japanese .
So there you have it , history from the source . You 'll note in the photo that the Vic-20 prototype is styled similarly to the original Commodore PET from 1977 , complete with funky calculator-style keyboard . Naturally , upon its actual retail release , the Vic-20 would receive its own , larger case , the iconic “ breadbox ” design and a full stroke keyboard , both of which would also be found in the best selling Commodore 64 just a few years later ( and similarly found on all PET computers after the original models ) .
Interestingly , having a full stroke keyboard on a low end/budget computer like the Vic-20 was actually something of a coup for Commodore , as most such releases from other companies featured lower cost chiclet or membrane-style keyboard parts ( and in fact , one Commodore Japanese-only release featured just such a compromise ) . As detailed in books like our own CoCo : The Colorful History of Tandy 's Underdog Computer , even penny savings were often the difference between one part being included in a production run of a computer over another , since even the smallest amount saved could translate to big money over tens or hundreds of thousands of units ( if not eventually millions ) .
Want to support Armchair Arcade ?
Dozens of shelters been set up in Harris County , the Red Cross is trying to consolidate them to NRG Center and the George R. Brown Convention Center . To sign up to volunteer , go to RedCross.org .
Please Note : It is important that you call the shelters before arriving to see if they are at capacity before arriving . Some shelters on this list have been closed .
Here are the locations in the Houston area to seek shelter :
HOUSTON
NRG Center at Loop 610 & Kirby will open at 10 p.m. Tuesday . Holds 10,000 people .
Lakewood Church : 3700 Southwest Fwy , Houston , TX 77027
George R. Brown Convention Center downtown
Toyota Center downtown
Alief Taylor High School : 7555 Howell Sugar Land Rd , Houston , TX 77083
Trini Mendenhall Community Center : 1414 Wirt Road Houston , TX 77055
Christ The Incarnate Word Catholic Church : 8503 S Kirkwood Houston TX 77099
Calvary Community Church : 7550 Cherry Park Dr , Houston , TX 77095
Primrose School of Kelliwood : 2402 Westgreen Blvd , Katy , TX 77450 - It is a shelter for families and also a staging place for first responders in the area ( Click here for more )
The MET Church : 13000 Jones Road , Houston TX 77070
Lien Hoa Temple : 6709 Sugarland Howell Rd , Houston , TX 77083
Lifepath Church : 17703 W Little York Rd , Houston , TX 77084
Houston Skyline Junior Volleyball Facility : 10510 Westview Drive Houston TX 77043
Red Cross Shelter at M.O . Campbell Ed Center : 1865 Aldine Bender Rd , Houston , TX
Islamic Center/Masjid Al-Mustafa : 17250 Coventry Park Dr , Houston , TX
Islamic Center/Masjid Al-Sabireen : 610 Brand Lane , Stafford TX
Islamic Center/Masjid Abu-Bakr : 8830 Old Galveston Rd , Houston TX
Iglesia Bautista del Redentor : 4218 Lang Road Houston Tx
A temporary shelter has been set up at the Sagemont Park Community Center at 11507 Hughes Road
Vietnamese Martys Church : 10610 Kingspoint Road , Houston , TX
St. Maximilian Kolbe Catholic Community 10135 West Rd , Houston , TX 77064
St. Christopher Catholic Church : 8150 Park Pl Blvd , Houston , TX 77017
St. Thomas Presbyterian Church : 14100 Memorial Drive , near Memorial and Kirkwood
Beyond Walls Outreach Center : 11214 Plainsfields Street , Houston , TX
North Shore High School : 13501 Hollypark Drive ( closed )
M.O . Campbell Center : 1865 Aldine Bender Road
Pasadena High School
Golden Acres Baptist Church : 2812 Pansy St , Pasadena , TX
Dobie High School : 10220 Blackhawk Boulevard ( at capacity and closed to new guests )
The Community of Faith Church : 1024 Pinemont Drive
Lindale Assembly of God : 503 Reid Street
3534 Dixie Street -- families only
Trinity Klein Lutheran Church : 5201 Spring Cypress Rd , Spring , TX 77379
Red Cross Shelter at Forge For Families : 3435 Dixie Drive
First Baptist Church of Porter : 24570 FM 1314 Porter , TX 77365 , ( 281 ) 354-3339
HARRIS COUNTY
MO Campbell Center Shelter : 1865 Aldine Bender in District 2
Morton Ranch High School , 21000 Franz Rd. , Katy , TX 77449
Richard E. Berry Educational Support Center : 8877 Barker Cypress Road , Cypress , TX 77433
Lone Star College–CyFair : 9191 Barker Cypress Rd , Cypress , TX 77433
Humble Civic Center : 8233 Will Clayton Pkwy , Humble , TX 77338
Community of Faith 16124 Becker Road , Hockley
Good Sheperd GMC 20155 Cypresswood Drive , Cypress , ( 281 ) 377-8313
Lake Houston Church 5616 FM 1960 East , Humble ( `` dry staging area '' open for people to charge devices and assist in finding overnight shelter in the area , 9:30 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. Wednesday )
FORT BEND COUNTY
City of Arcola Community Center ( City Hall ) : 13222 Highway 6 , Arcola , TX
Fulshear High School : 9302 Bois D'Arc Lane , Fulshear , TX
Beyond Walls Outreach Center : 11214 Plainfields Street , Houston , TX
Morton Ranch High School : 21000 Franz Road , Katy , TX
The Fellowship Church : 22765 Westheimer Pkwy. , Katy , TX
Cinco Ranch High School : 23440 Cinco Ranch Blvd. , Katy , TX
Cinco Ranch Junior High School : 23420 Cinco Ranch Blvd. , Katy , TX
Kendelton Church of God : 619 FM 2919 , Kendleton , TX
Eagle Heights Church , 16718 West Belfort Blvd. , Richmond , TX
Marshall High School emergency shelter : 1220 Buffalo Run , Missouri City , TX 77489 ( at capacity and closed to new guests )
Red Cross shelter at B.F. Terry High School : 5500 Avenue N. , Rosenberg
Kempner High School 14777 Voss Rd , Sugar Land , TX ( Opens 11 a.m. Tuesday )
Stafford High School : 1625 Staffordshire Road , Stafford , TX
Phat Giac Temple : 10022 Gaines Road , Sugar land , TX
St. Theresa Catholic Church : 705 St. Theresa Blvd. , Sugar Land , TX
Christ United Methodist Church : 3300 Austin Pkwy. , Sugar land , TX
Creekside Christian Fellowship : 16628 TX-36 , Needville , TX
George Junior High School : 4601 Airport Avenue , Rosenberg , TX
Morton Ranch High School : 21000 Franz Road , Katy , TX MONTGOMERY COUNTY
Bull Salas Park : 21679 McCleskey Road , New Caney , TX 77357
College Park High : 3701 College Park Drive , The Woodlands , TX
Lone Star Convention Center : 9055 Airport Rd. , Conroe , TX 77303
St. Simon and Jude : 26777 Glen Loch Road , Spring , TX 77381
Underover Fellowship : 600 South Frasier Street , Conroe , TX 77301
KATY
Katy ISD opened Morton Ranch HS and Cinco Ranch HS as shelters .
FRIENDSWOOD
The City Activities Building : 416 Morningside Drive , Friendswood , TX
BASTROP COUNTY
First United Methodist Church Shelter : 1201 Main St. , Bastrop City , TX
BRAZORIA COUNTY
Angleton ISD : 1900 N. Downing , Angleton , TX
Red Cross Shelter at Living Stone Church : 1401 Victory Lane , Alvin , TX
City of Arcola Community Center : 13222 Highway 6 , Rosharon , TX
Living Stones Church : 1407 Victory Lane Alvin , TX , 281-331-9517
SAN JACINTO COUNTY
Coldspring I.S.D Jones Campus : 125 FM 1514 , Coldspring , Tx 77331
Shepherd Community Center : 1025 FM 150 East , Sherpherd , Tx 7737
AUSTIN
LB Johnson High School : 7309 Lazy Creek Dr , Austin , TX 78724 , 956-473-5100
Tony Burger Activity Center : 3200 Jones Rd , Austin , TX 78745 , 512-414-1050
PORT ARTHUR
Carl Parker Center : 1800 Lakeshore Dr , Port Arthur , TX 77640 ( 409 ) 984-6297
WHARTON
Holy Family Catholic Church : 2011 Briar Ln , Wharton TX 77488 , ( 979 ) 532-3593
Lamar State College : 1500 Proctor St , Port Arthur , TX 77640 , ( 409 ) 983-4921
UPDATE , Aug. 29 :
- There are now at least 10,000 evacuees at the George R. Brown Convention Center in downtown Houston . Officials are moving some of those people to the Toyota Center . The Red Cross is also coordinating volunteers .
At the GRB , volunteers say they are in need of bedding , towels , wheelchairs , walkers , and toiletries . The only clothing needed is plus size clothing .
- An unofficial community outreach form has been set up to connect smaller shelter and support efforts to volunteers and those willing to donate time or supplies .
Anyone who represents a shelter , business or location that needs support , a volunteer and supplies request form has been created to mobilize local efforts to go directly to facilities in need .
The link to the form can be found here : https : //docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfMR75BaFs1Bc8yUMSjYmVdL3aFYezD5c0cEypucVCBy6whGA/viewform
The following is contact information for the database spreadsheet :
Kristofer Shelton
281-942-0574
harvey.houston.info @ gmail.com
UPDATE , Aug. 28 : Paul Revere Middle School , which was serving as a shelter , has been ordered to close because the Red Cross is unable to deliver supplies .
Paul Revere Middle School was serving as shelter . Cops here say they were ordered to close because Red Cross ca n't deliver supplies # khou11 pic.twitter.com/PJclW7Hvrh — Noel Brennan ( @ Noeltbrennan ) August 28 , 2017
RELATED | George R. Brown Convention Center being used as a shelter
Sign-up for the # HTown Rush Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong . This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning . Thank you for signing up for the # HTownRush Newsletter Please try again later .
Submit
ALSO | People sit outside with their pets at George R. Brown shelter in Houston
TEXAS SHELTERS :
BASTROP
First United Methodist Church : 1201 Main St , Bastrop , TX 78602 , 512-21-2201
LA GRANGE
2nd Baptist Church : 1010 N Von Minden St , La Grange , TX 78945 , 979-968-5953
LULING
Luling Civic Center : 333 E Austin St , Luling , TX 78648 , 830-875-2411
SEQUIN
Victoria Christian Center : 735 E Kingsbury St , Seguin , TX 78155 , 830-401-0848
NEW BRAUNFELS
NB 9th Grade Center : 659 S Guenther Ave , New Braunfels , TX 78130 , 830-643-5700
Church Middle School : 1275 I-35BL , New Braunfels , TX 78130 , 830-221-2800
UNIVERSAL CITY
New Life Fellowship Church : 11225 E Loop 1604 N , Universal City , TX 78148 , 210-945-8098
DALLAS
Tommie N. Allen Recreation Center - 7071 Bonnie View Rd , Dallas , TX 75241 , 214-647-0986
Samuell Grand Recreation Center - 6200 E Grand Ave , Dallas , TX 75223 , 214-670-1383
Walnut Hill Recreation Center - 10011 Midway Rd , Dallas , TX 75229 , 214-670-7112
RELATED | Dallas continues to open more shelters in face of Hurricane Harvey floods
HUNTSVILLE
Walker County Storm Shelter - 455 State Hwy 75 N , Huntsville , TX 77320
Huntsville High School - 515 Farm to Market Rd 2821 , Huntsville , TX 77320
ORANGE :
North Orange Baptist Church : 4775 16th Street , Orange TX 77632
RED CROSS LOCATIONS
Walker County Storm Shelter : 455 State Highway 75 N , Huntsville , TX 77320
Bay Harbor Methodist Church : 3459 Deke Slayton Expressway , Galveston , TX 7757
Huntsville High School : 515 FM 2821 E Huntsville , TX 7732
Knights of Columbus : 1310 Hwy 90 West , Sealy 77474
MO Campbell Education Center : 1865 Aldine Bender Rd , Houston , TX 77032
Sacred Heart Catholic Church : 507 S 4th St , Richmond , TX
Golden Acres Baptist Church CLC : 2812 Pansy Street PASADENA , TX 77503
First Baptist Church Tomball : 401 Oxford Street TOMBALL , TX 77375
Check Red Cross Shelters for updated information .
OTHER BUSINESSES
Gallery Furniture : 6006 North Fwy ( Between Tidwell & Parker ) , Houston . The business will be stocked with food , water , and plenty of mattresses . ( Pets must be Kenneled )
Galley Furniture : 7227 W. Grand Parkway South. , Richmond
Our GF N FWRY & GF Grand PKWY stores are open for those in need . If you can safely join us , we invite you for shelter and food . God Bless . pic.twitter.com/IHHgjKmjMY — MattressMack ( @ MattressMack ) August 28 , 2017
If you can , residents who need to take shelter are encouraged to bring the following items :
- Prescription/Emergency medication
- Medical equipment , i.e . Oxygen tanks , wheelchairs
- Extra clothing
- Pillows , blankets , sleeping bags
- Toiletries
- Baby food , formula , diapers
- Flashlights and extra batteries
- Snacks
- Pets WITH carriers , as well as leashes , food , food bowls
- Important paperwork
Only gather these things if it is safe to do so , otherwise YOUR SAFETY IS A PRIORITY .
RELATED | Officials : Do NOT climb into attics , go to roof to escape flooding
Sriracha producer Huy Fong Foods ca n't catch a break . The company 's Irwindale , California , factory is once again in hot water with the town 's city council , which yesterday voted unanimously to declare the facility a public nuisance .
Irwindale residents say fumes produced while creating the spicy condiment , famous for putting hot sauce junkies satisfactorily in tears , put them in pain too—involuntarily . The list of complaints is extensive , including irritated eyes and throats , headaches , heartburn , nosebleeds , and an objectionably pungent odor .
The council plans to adopt an official resolution soon , after which Huy Fong Foods will have 90 days to stem odor issues . Air quality tests by the South Coast Air Quality Management District have concluded that carbon filters could solve Huy Fong Foods ' odor problems , and the company says it expects to fix the problem by June 1 .
Although Irwindale has many bones to pick with Huy Fong Foods , Councilman Albert Ambriz told the Los Angeles Times that the town does n't want the wildly successful company to leave .
`` I respect the fact that they are here . But they know there 's a problem and it needs to be fixed , '' Ambriz said .
Should Huy Fong Foods miss the 90-day deadline , the council declared its right to enter the factory and implement ( potentially costly ) change itself . Huy Fong Foods ' attorney John Tate smells a rat .
`` The city council is determined to assert its authority regardless of the status of the odor remediation efforts , '' Tate said .
Problems in Irwindale began in October , when the town filed a suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against the company for the exact same reasons . The suit led to a partial shutdown of the 655,000-square-foot plant in November , but fume-correlated health problems and hundred-person protests continued . The council 's vote this week was meant to underscore the residents ' discontent , and a preliminary injunction and trial is scheduled for November 2014 .
Many find Sriracha hard to quit , but if you 're interested in trying something new , there are plenty of alternative hot sauces that bring the pain but not the court orders .
Ruger AR-556 , Semi-Automatic , 5.56 NATO , 16.1 Barrel , 30 Rounds is rated 4.9 out of 5 by 186 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by hogger from was as advertised and the shipping was fast as always . Have n't had a chance to shoot it but will let you know
Rated 5 out of 5 by Dave from Great price My wife got me this for my bday . Took it out shooting putting 200 rounds through it . Accirate at 200 yards and had no issues just fun . This is a great intro ar556 and I highly reccommend this long gun to snyone wanting a mid ranged price starter ar556/15 .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Navsec from Great service and product .
Rated 5 out of 5 by James from Great price and easy purchase Very easy purchase with great price . All done legally and simply with list of FFL dealers in my area . SWill buy again .
Rated 5 out of 5 by NBlock from Best entry level MSR on Market having looked over at least 75 different Ares's/ MSR 's I chose the Ar-5.56 from RUGER ! ! ! Best entry level MSR on market , easily upgraded with after market furniture to suit whatever your needs are . Ready for optics , cleans up easily after use due to polished BCG fit and finish are spot on . Accuracy in mine are 1/2 to 3/4 inch groups at 100 yards . I recommend and show and tell friends about the value , quality , accuracy .
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jack from I love this rifle ! It is a perfect fit for me and is fun to shoot . Really great price also .
Rated 4 out of 5 by MIZ ZOU from Great Price Overall I 'm Happy Happy Happy ! ! !
The Martini brand returns to American sports car racing for the Continental Tire Monterey Grand Prix , powered by Mazda , at Mazda Raceway this weekend when the iconic stripes will adorn the No . 8 Starworks Oreca FLM09 Prototype Challenge car in the new annual 2-hour event .
A Martini-sponsored Porsche 917 driven by Vic Elford ( UK ) and Gerard Larousse ( Fra ) won the Sebring 12 Hours in 1971 . Now , 43 years later , Mirco Schultis and Renger van der Zande will be hoping to return one of the most historic liveries in the history of motor sport to the top step of the podium at the Monterey debut , and third round , of the 2014 TUDOR United SportsCar Championship .
The field for the TUSC race has been split in to two due to size . Race 1 of the Continental Tire Monterey Grand Prix Powered by Mazda PC and GTD classes takes place on Sunday 4th May at 1:15 PM ET ( 2 hours ) . The P and GTLM classes will run shortly after at 5:45 PM ET ( 2 hours ) .
The No . 8 Starworks Oreca FLM09 currently lies third in the Prototype Challenge standings after the Daytona 24 Hours and Sebring 12 Hours .
“ We are tremendously excited to bring back the famous livery to sports car racing in the USA , ” said Peter Baron , Starworks team principal . “ The fantastic news is that , with Mirco and Renger in the car , we are confident it will return to victory lane !
“ This new livery also coincides with the start of the championship drive . The aim is to get through the 24 and 12-hour in the best position possible without losing points from a disaster . We are now confident that our line-up of Mirco and Renger in the 2-driver format races will be challenging for wins every time we go out and of bringing Martini into victory lane . ”
`` Roger is a terrific coach and an even better person , '' general manager John Coppolella said . `` We wish them and their family nothing but the best in the future . ''
ATLANTA -- Roger McDowell 's 11-season tenure as the Braves ' pitching coach ended on Friday , when they were informed the club would not exercise their option for the 2017 season .
ATLANTA -- Roger McDowell 's 11-season tenure as the Braves ' pitching coach ended on Friday , when they were informed the club would not exercise their option for the 2017 season .
`` Roger is a terrific coach and an even better person , '' general manager John Coppolella said . `` We wish them and their family nothing but the best in the future . ''
Veteran pitchers have lauded McDowell as a great pitching coach and many young pitchers have thrived under their tutelage . But as the Braves prepare to bring many of their top pitching prospects to Atlanta over the next few years , they determined they need a new voice .
The Braves will likely wait to name a manager before filling their pitching-coach void . Brian Snitker and Bud Black remain the top managerial candidates .
As Atlanta 's pitching coach since 2006 , McDowell has proven to be a tireless worker committed to doing whatever necessary to make the organization better . Their intelligence and attention to detail have led some to believe they are capable of serving as a manager .
McDowell 's mentor Dave Wallace just retired , creating a need for the Orioles to now find a pitching coach .
`` It was a great 11-year experience and I enjoyed every minute , '' McDowell said . `` I 'm appreciative the Braves provided this opportunity and I 'm very grateful that I had the chance to cut my teeth under Hall of Fame manager Bobby Cox . I appreciate the friendships I have gained with my pitchers , other players and many different members of the organization . ''
Since being selected by Hall of Fame manager Cox to join Atlanta 's staff , McDowell has provided a tough-love approach in an attempt to make their pitchers better both on and off the field . Kris Medlen and Mike Minor -- as well as Jair Jurrjens , when healthy -- were among the young starting pitchers who encountered success under this tutelage .
Some of the Braves ' vaunted bullpens over the past few years were a product of McDowell 's ability to quickly nurture the developments of Craig Kimbrel , Jonny Venters and Eric O'Flaherty . Venters was a longtime Minor Leaguer with arm problems before they and O'Flaherty , who was claimed off waivers , became two of the game 's top left-handed relievers .
McDowell also helped to revive and prolong the careers of veteran castoffs like Aaron Harang , Bud Norris and Jim Johnson , whose success over the past two seasons earned them a two-year contract extension on Sunday .
Julio Teheran and McDowell are a couple strong-willed individuals who have butted heads over the past few years . But after this duo worked together to make some mechanical adjustments during a disappointing 2015 season , Teheran returned this year and posted a 3.21 ERA that might have been better had they not dealt with some nagging ailments ( infected thigh and upper back muscle strain ) .
While Mike Foltynewicz developed into a bona fide big leaguer by the end of this season , the inconsistencies and struggles of two other highly regarded prospects -- Matt Wisler and Aaron Blair -- led the Braves to be concerned about how Sean Newcomb and other prospects would fare on McDowell 's watch .
Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001 .
Matt Lavin had just arrived in Charlottesville , Va. , for a business trip when they started feeling sick .
By the time they got to their hotel around 11 p.m. , they felt excruciating pain .
`` I did n't know what was happening , but I knew something was n't right , '' said Lavin , an attorney who lived in Washington D.C. at the time but is also the medical director for a Florida-based chain of addiction recovery centers . They had good insurance through their employer , but still second-guessed calling an ambulance for help .
`` My deductible was like $ 5,000 or something like that . And it was the beginning of the year . I did n't know how much the ambulance was going to cost me , and I 'm away from home in this hotel , '' Lavin said .
So they requested a ride on Uber .
The driver arrived in just three minutes , helped them into the car and sped to the hospital , with Lavin keeled over from intense pain their abdomen .
Later Lavin , 48 , would find out their appendix burst . They ended up having emergency surgery that night . But Lavin says they saved themselves thousands of dollars by choosing Uber , the ride-sharing company that connects passengers with taxi-like independent drivers through a smartphone app , instead of calling 911 .
`` I knew they would be fast , '' Lavin said of Uber . `` But I think ( the driver ) was pretty freaked out . I was in a lot of pain and I had to lie down . They were new to Charlottesville and did n't know where the hospital was . If I 'd taken an ambulance , I would have gotten a bed right away . Instead I had to walk in and wait like anyone else . But I think I paid $ 20 , which is much better than the $ 5,000 I paid the one time I was in a car accident . ''
Lavin is not alone . Ride-sharing drivers in Tampa Bay and beyond are noticing an uptick in rides to and from the emergency room as consumers try to avoid spending what could be thousands of dollars for an ambulance .
It 's an updated version of a role long played by cabs . What 's new is that the ride-sharing experience , with its ability to tell people how soon a car will arrive , is seen by many as more nimble and better suited to a spur-of-the-moment decision like rushing to the ER .
Dulce Maurer , who has been an Uber driver in St. Petersburg since July 2016 had no issues taking a bleeding passenger to the emergency room recently .
They said they accepted a ride from a passenger who was bleeding from their forehead when they picked them up at their house .
`` I arrived in the back alley of a residence and a man got in with paper towels on their head , '' said Maurer , 32 . `` I saw their destination was the hospital and asked if they were OK or needed more napkins . ''
Maurer said the passenger had been drinking and slipped in the shower , where they cut their forehead open .
`` He did not want to pay for an ambulance , '' they said . `` ( Uber ) was really the best option for him . They were stitched up within 15 minutes at 3 a.m. and it was cheaper and faster . ''
Maurer said they did n't mind helping them get to the hospital . It was n't that much different from the late night riders who sometimes have to use the puke bucket they permanently keep in the back seat . But Maurer says they would draw the line if a woman was in labor or if someone was `` bleeding profusely . ''
`` I do n't want the liability of someone 's life , '' they said .
The decision to choose an Uber or Lyft ride over one with trained paramedics comes with some clear drawbacks .
`` We 've heard of this before , but my question is , what is the driver going to do if their passenger needs medical attention right away ? '' said Charlene Cobb , a spokesperson with Sunstar , the company under contract with Pinellas County to provide ambulance and paramedic services . `` A driver may not know which hospital to take you to , as some in the area specialize in certain things . Paramedics are trained to know that , and provide assistance on the way . In an emergency , seconds count . ''
Rideshare companies like Uber and Lyft do n't openly condone this kind of service in the case of an emergency , even their websites share positive stories of drivers helping women in labor get to the hospital on time .
`` We 're grateful our service has helped people get to where they 're going when they need it the most , '' said Javi Correoso , a spokesperson with Uber . `` However , it 's important to note that Uber is not a substitute for law enforcement or medical professionals . In the event of any medical emergency , we encourage riders and driver-partners to call 911 . ''
Both Uber and Lyft partner with hospital chains to offer discounted rides for routine appointments or medical services , but not emergency rides . Those services are n't available in Tampa Bay yet . During Hurricane Irma , Lyft and Uber offered relief rides to get people in need to shelter .
Most hospitals in the Tampa Bay area do n't track how often ride-sharing drivers drop off or pick up patients , but at Tampa General , they are `` here quite a bit over the course of a day , '' said spokesperson John Dunn .
Cobb , the Sunstar spokesperson , does n't deny that an ambulance ride can be expensive .
In Pinellas , they said , consumers can buy a supplemental insurance policy through the county that covers ambulance fees and complements the insurance they already have .
They said they hope that costs can come down in the future by training emergency dispatchers to help decide when an ambulance ride is really needed .
`` There 's a program in Texas where a nurse is on the line and helps people make an informed decision on whether or not they need an ambulance ride to the hospital if it 's a non-emergency , '' Cobb said .
`` People call for ambulances and often times they do n't need them , '' they said . `` But when you need medical care right away , there is no substitute . ''
Jeff Abbaticchio did n't need an ambulance ride when they were headed to Palms of Pasadena Hospital for a hernia surgery , which is why they chose Uber .
`` I knew I could n't drive myself and the last thing I wanted to do was to ask a friend or family member to get up so early to drop me off , '' said Abbaticchio , the director of marketing for the Sirata Beach Resort on St. Pete Beach .
Abbaticchio said he 'd do it again in a heartbeat .
`` Both times , the rides were incredibly nice . It was so early in the morning and the driver was on time and it was n't expensive , '' they said .
But for Lavin , the threat of exorbitant medical bills will always make them second guess calling for ambulance .
`` Getting stuck with a bill like that , it can change your life . It will ruin your credit , '' they said . `` And that 's for someone who has insurance . Imagine if you 're uninsured or on state-funded insurance . That 's not going to cover much of anything . ''
Contact Justine Griffin at [ email protected ] or ( 727 ) 893-8467 . Follow @ SunBizGriffin .
Press Release :
Unique Pairings are a First for the State , Could Herald Lifestyle Change
( Park City , Utah ) – In response to the recent developments in Utah regarding same-sex marriage , Utah 's first craft brewers , Wasatch Brewery , is releasing a new beer called Live and Let Live . By pairing two types of the same ingredients , Wasatch has created a unique , but very natural beer designed to appeal to both sexes .
“ Live and Let Live is a blonde pale ale built with two beautiful malts and two wonderful hops , all fermented with a pair of yeasts , ” says Wasatch brewer Dan Burick . “ This pairing of similar ingredients is a first for Utah and we think its way overdue. ” The beer is an agreeable 4 % alcohol by volume and will be sold on draft in Utah and tapped to pour on Valentine 's Day .
“ Our new beer has an attitude and we believe Live and Let Live will make life better for a lot of people in Utah ” says
Wasatch founder Greg Schirf . “ Some of our political leaders would benefit from a hearty serving of Live and Let Live . ”
Schirf points out that their brewery has been a practitioner of civil unions for years . “ In 2000 , we entered into a
partnership with another brewery much like ours , ” they say with a smile , referencing a partnership with Squatters Craft
Beers . “ Our Utah Brewers Cooperative is still happily ‘ married ' today . ”
According to Burick , market research has shown that Live and Let Lives ' delicious taste , easy quaff-ability and same
ingredient pairings will be enthusiastically received by many of Utah 's non-discriminating beer drinkers .
“ We realize this beer is not for everyone , and we will not force it on those who prefer more traditional brew styles. ” they said . “ These pairings are not the norm in Utah right now and we expect resistance from many . However , we are confident that in the near future Utah will look back and wonder why they did n't embrace and celebrate Live and Let Lives ' natural
combinations . They will also realize that Live and Let Live is not a threat to traditional beers . ”
Schirf hopes the beer sends a message beyond Utah . They noted that they were going to send some of their Live and Let Live beer to Sochi . “ I am thinking Vladimir Putin needs to lay off the vodka and drink about a case of this stuff , ” they joked with their impish grin . “ Live and Let Live may be hard to swallow for the majority of people in Utah right now , ” Schirf concluded , “ but we think it 's a step forward . ”
Where to find Live and Let Live on Tap Valentine 's Day :
• Bout Time Pubs ( Cottonwood , Gateway , Park City , West Valley , West Jordan , Herriman , Taylorsville )
• Wing Nutz ( District location in South Jordan )
• Duffy 's Tavern ( Downtown Salt Lake City )
• Poplar Street Pub ( Downtown Salt Lake City )
• Paper Moon ( South Salt Lake )
• Dick N ' Dixie 's ( Downtown Salt Lake City )
• Lumpy 's Sports Bar and Grill ( Highland location )
• Willie 's Lounge ( Salt Lake City )
• The Point After Sports Bar ( Murray location )
• Double Tree Airport Inn
• Wasatch Brewpub ( Park City )
• Squatters Pub Brewery ( Downtown Salt Lake City )
• Squatters Roadhouse Grill and Pub ( Park City )
• Squatters Airport Pub ( The Salt Lake International Airport )
If you 're ever looking for a topic to help wrap up a conversation quickly so that you can be left alone to think about your investments , then start talking about interest rates . Your listener 's eyes are guaranteed to glaze over and you 'll be alone in no time .
But for those who own investments , the topic is not as dry as you think . In fact , it is something investors should make an effort to understand . According to financial theory , interest rates are fundamental to company valuation , and therefore play an important role in how we put a price on stocks .
Here we take a look at the relationship between interest rates and stock price .
Interest Rates and Risk Premium
Think of an interest rate as the cost of money , which just like the cost of production , labor , and other expenses is a factor of a company 's profitability .
The fundamental cost of money to an investor is the Treasury note rate , whose return is guaranteed by the `` full faith and credit '' of the U.S. government . According to financial theory , a stock 's value proposition starts there : stocks are risky assets , even riskier than bonds because bondholders are paid their capital before stockholders in the event of bankruptcy . Therefore , investors require a higher return for taking on extra risk by investing in stocks instead of Treasury notes , which are guaranteed to pay a certain return .
The extra return that investors can theoretically expect from stocks is referred to as the `` risk premium . '' Historically , the risk premium runs at around five percent . This means that if the risk-free rate ( the Treasury note rate ) is four percent , then investors would demand a return of nine percent from a stock . Therefore , the total return on a stock is the sum of two parts : the risk-free rate and the risk premium .
If you want higher returns , you must invest in riskier stocks because they offer a higher risk premium than , say , stronger blue chip companies . In theory , rational investors will select an investment with a return that is high enough to compensate for the lost opportunity of earning interest from the guaranteed Treasury note and for taking on additional risk .
Required Rate of Return
If the required return rises , the stock price will fall , and vice versa . This makes sense : if nothing else changes , the price needs to be lower for the investor to have the required return . There is an inverse relationship between required return and the stock price investors assign to a stock .
The required return might rise if the risk premium or the risk-free rate increases . For instance , the risk premium might go up for a company if one of its top managers resigns or if the company suddenly decides to lower its dividend payments . And the risk-free rate will increase if interest rates rise .
So , changes in interest rates impact the theoretical value of companies and their shares — basically , a share 's fair value is its projected future cash flows discounted to the present using the investor 's required rate of return . If interest rates fall and everything else is held constant , share value should rise . That 's why the market generally cheers when the U.S. Federal Reserve announces a rate cut . Conversely , if the Fed raises rates ( holding everything else constant ) , then share values are likely to fall .
How Interest Rates Affect Companies
Interest rates impact a company 's operations too . Any increase in the interest rates that it pays will raise its cost of capital . Therefore , a company has to work harder to generate higher returns in a high-interest environment . Otherwise , the bloated interest expense will eat away at its profits . Lower profits , lower cash inflows and a higher required rate of return for investors all translate into depressed fair value for the company 's stock .
Additionally , if interest rate costs shoot up to such a level that the company has problems paying off its debt , then its survival may be threatened . In that case , investors will demand an even higher risk premium . As a result , the fair value will fall even further .
Finally , high interest rates normally go hand-in-hand with a sluggish economy . They prevent people from buying things and companies from investing in growth opportunities . As a result , sales and profits drop , as do share prices .
The Bottom Line
In financial theory , valuation begins with a simple question : if you put money into this company , what are the chances you will get a better return than if you invest in something else ? Interest rates play an important part in determining what that something else might be .
L'Express Mada reports that the entire village of Andranondambo in the South of Madagascar was destroyed [ fr ] during an inter-village conflict that stems from a dispute over land rights . The civilian conflict , which lasted from May 20 to 22 , left no residents of the village alive . One of the military police officers recalls [ fr ] :
A notre arrivée , un chien errant était en train de dévorer un bras arraché d ' un corps . Dans une maison anéantie par les flammes , nous avons mis la main sur une dépouille . L'air était irrespirable [ .. ] Même l'école publique et l'église d'Andranondambo ont été ravagées . Les toitures en tôle ont été arrachées avec tous les mobiliers .
When we arrived , a dog was eating what was left of a corpse . In a nearby home destroyed by fire , we found more corpses . The stink was unbearable . Even the public school and the church were ravaged . All the materials from houses were taken apart .
The land dispute started in 1991 when an important source of sapphire and mica was discovered in the Andranondambo . The rush of land miners pushed local villagers away to another village Ambato­tsivala . Since then , the two villages have been at odds over land rights but the conflict has never reached such a harrowing level of violence until recently .
The ink is barely dry on a bill that may close most of the abortion clinics in Texas , but one legislator is already proposing new restrictions .
Ohio 's new heartbeat bill , which could make abortion illegal as early as six weeks from the pregnant person 's last menstrual period , will be introduced at a Thursday afternoon press conference .
Pixabay/ flickr
UPDATE , July 19 , 8:50 a.m. : The text of the bill has now been released . It says that the heartbeat ban would only go into effect if Roe v. Wade is overturned :
This subchapter [ “ Abortion After Detection of Fetal Heartbeat ” ] is not enforceable until the 91st day after the date of publication in the Texas Register of a finding of fact made by the attorney general that : ( 1 ) the United States Supreme Court has issued a decision overruling Roe v. Wade , 410 U.S. 113 ( 1973 ) ; ( 2 ) any other state or federal court has issued an order or judgment restoring , expanding , or clarifying the authority of states to wholly or partly prohibit or regulate abortion under the United States Constitution ; or ( 3 ) an amendment to the United States Constitution that restores , expands , or clarifies the authority of states to wholly or partly prohibit or regulate abortion has been adopted .
Just hours after a massive anti-abortion bill was signed into law by Republican Texas Gov . Rick Perry , new legislation was introduced to restrict safe abortion access in the state even further . On Thursday , Rep. Phil King ( R-Weatherford ) introduced HB 59 , a “ prohibition on abortion after detection of a fetal heartbeat. ” The bill would ban abortions even earlier in gestation than HB 2 , negating one aspect of the newly-signed law , which as of September will ban abortions after 20 weeks ( if it is not tied up in litigation by then ) . But a limited period for debate in the special session , as well as a history of heartbeat laws not being implemented , leaves the future of the proposed bill in doubt .
Although the text of HB 59 has not been released , similar heartbeat bans have popped up in other states in the last few years , all designed to ban abortion at the point when an embryonic heartbeat can be detected . In some cases , that could be as early as six weeks ' gestation ( or four weeks after conception ) , which is before many people are even aware they are pregnant .
Get the facts , direct to your inbox . Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest . SUBSCRIBE
An Arkansas heartbeat bill that would have banned abortion after 12 weeks was blocked by the courts as unconstitutional . A North Dakota heartbeat bill that would ban abortions even sooner has not yet gone into effect , but reproductive rights advocates sued to have it enjoined as well .
The Texas legislature is on break until July 25 . It is unclear if the new bill will be heard in this session , which is the second special session of this legislative year .
Image caption Saturn 's moons Mimas ( left ) and Tethys are now both known to exhibit the curious temperature patterns
Astronomers have seen that the temperature of Saturn 's moon Tethys has hotter regions uncannily like the 1980s arcade game character Pac-Man .
A similar feature was spotted in 2010 on Mimas , another Saturnian moon .
A report in Icarus suggests the effect is due to high-energy electrons bombarding the sides of the moons that face their direction of orbital travel .
That compacts the surfaces to a hard , icy texture that does not heat or cool as rapidly as the unaffected surface .
Thermal images of both moons were obtained by the Cassini-Huygens mission , launched in 1997 to study the Saturn system in detail .
The temperatures seen by the spacecraft are distinctly chilly - the warmest parts of Tethys were at - 183C , but inside the `` mouth '' of the Pac-Man shape it was 15C cooler still .
At the time of the finding of the first Pac-Man shape on Mimas , scientists were unsure what might be the cause , theorising that differing surface textures probably played a role .
The existence of another such shape nearby has cemented the idea that fast-moving electrons are responsible .
`` Finding a second Pac-Man in the Saturn system tells us that the processes creating these 'Pac-Men ' are more widespread than previously thought , '' said Carly Howett , of the Southwest Research Institute in Texas and lead author of the study .
`` The Saturn system - and even the Jupiter system - could turn out to be a veritable arcade of these characters , '' they said .
Protests Spread In New York And Beyond Over Eric Garner Case
As word spread of a grand jury 's decision not to indict a police officer in the chokehold death of Staten Island man Eric Garner , so did word of planned protests in New York and other cities . And while a main target was Wednesday night 's lighting of the Christmas tree at Rockefeller Center , it seems that many protesters were kept away .
The reaction was propelled by frustration that officer Daniel Pantaleo would not face charges over Garner 's death , despite using a chokehold to subdue them in an encounter that was captured on video . A medical examiner had ruled the case a homicide in August .
Many people commenting on the case used the hashtag # ICantBreathe — a statement Garner made repeatedly as several officers apprehended him .
To prevent protesters from disrupting the Rockefeller Center tree lighting , police reportedly boosted their patrols and blocked some streets to all pedestrians .
Update , 10:30 p.m . ET : Protesters in New York clogged up a key bridge and highway , the New York Times reported . New York police chief William Bratton told CNN that about 30 protesters were arrested Wednesday night , with more arrests likely to come .
The original post continues below .
Protests were quickly organized via Twitter , where the hashtag ShutItDown became a rallying point . Other plans were coordinated via tags like DieIn — which resulted in dozens of people lying prone in Grand Central Station .
Both tags soon spread to other cities , including Los Angeles and Oakland — and Clayton , Mo. , where a St. Louis County grand jury recently decided not to indict a police officer over the death of Michael Brown .
This afternoon , New York Mayor Bill de Blasio noted that protesters have also rallied around the statement `` Black lives matter . ''
`` It 's a phrase that should never have to be said , '' the mayor said . `` It should be self-evident . ''
This was the scene in Pittsburgh :
FM - DAS FUNKMAGAZIN
Hobbyfunk-News
02.06.2017
Gemeinde will Kinder mit Chips vor WLAN- '' Strahlen '' schützen ...
Die österreichische Stadtgemeinde Gerasdorf bei Vienna hat alle Kindergärten , Schulen und das Rathaus mit dubiosen Chips ausstatten lassen , die einen Schutz vor `` elektromagnetischen Strahlen '' von WLAN-Geräten bewirken sollen . Das berichtet das IT-Portal `` futurezone '' unter Berufung auf die `` Niederösterreichischen Nachrichten '' .
Der Bürgermeister der Gemeinde , Alexander Voijta , erklärte dazu auf der Website der Gemeinde , `` der Schutz '' ( die Chips ) werde `` in allen Gerasdorfer Schulen und im Rathaus installiert '' . Damit sei `` unsere Gemeinde Vorreiter in diesem Bereich , wo es um die Gesundheit unserer Kinder geht '' .
Deutlich zurückhaltender äußerte sich Vize-Bürgermeister Lukas Mandl auf Twitter : Der Hersteller der Chips sei an die Eltern herangetreten und diese hätten sich an die Gemeinde gewandt . Er halte nichts davon , aber die Gemeinde sei dem Wunsch der Eltern nachgekommen . Am 4 . Juli 2017 werde dazu eine Podiumsdiskussion stattfinden .
Nach Angabe des Herstellers wurden die Chips ( rd . 120 Stück ) der Gemeinde kostenlos zu Verfügung gestellt . Der normale Einzelpreis beträgt 24,90 Euro .
Aus wissenschaftlicher Sicht handelt es sich bei den Chips um ein Scharlatanerieprodukt . Der Hersteller behauptet , dass damit `` Einbrüche und Spitzen '' des vom Funkgerät im Nahbereich erzeugten magnetischen Feldes geglättet und dadurch für den `` Bio-Organismus verträglich '' gemacht werden . Derartige `` Elektrosmog-Schutzprodukte '' sind seit vielen Jahren in den unterschiedlichsten Ausführungen auf dem Markt . Allen ist gemeinsam , dass ihre Wirkungsweise wissenschaftlich nicht plausibel und nicht nachvollziehbar ist .
Käufer solcher Produkte dürften in vielen Fällen verunsicherte Menschen sein , denen eingeredet wurde , dass von Funkgeräten erzeugte elektromagnetische Felder ( `` Elektrosmog '' ) gesundheitliche Beschwerden hervorrufen oder die nach Erklärungen für tatsächlich vorhandene Beschwerden suchen . Untersuchungen haben gezeigt , dass durch den `` Nocebo-Effekt '' allein schon die Angst vor `` Elektrosmog '' zu Beschwerden führen kann .
- wolf -
Weiterführender Link : www.medizin-transparent.at/waveex
© FM-FUNKMAGAZIN
www.funkmagazin.de
Dieser Beitrag darf ungekürzt und mit Quellenangabe in nichtgewerbliche Medien ( z.B . CB-Clubzeitungen , CB-Rundsprüche , CB-Packet-Radio ) übernommen werden .
[ caption ]
Conical bras , minuscule waists - and VERY short skirts : Sexy secretaries from the Thirties to the Swinging Sixties reveal how office girls looked in decades past ( obligitory cigarette and all )
A series of photographs capturing secretaries at work from the Thirties through to the Swinging Sixties demonstrate some of the daring styles that were in vogue decades ago .
From miniskirts to kitten heels , the young corporate helpmates model a range of liberating office wear while heavy eye-make up and rouged lips complete the sexually empowered style as demonstrated by characters such as Joan Holloway in the hit AMC series Mad Men .
But it 's not just the dress code that has changed over the years , and the action shots showcase a range of practices that would be frowned upon in the workplace today , such as smoking , drinking and outright flirting .
Scroll down for video
The changing shape of women : With conical bra and cinched in waist , this Sixties secretary shows just how much women 's silhouettes - and fashions - have changed over the decades
Perks of the job : It 's not hard to see where Mad Men costume designer Janie Bryant looked to source inspiration for Joan Holloway 's costumes on the show
Appropriate attire ? A teenage girl gets to grips with the office equipment in a tiny skirt and white go-go boots
Can I help ? Telephones became increasingly commonplace during the Twenties and Thirties - in 1929 President Herbert Hoover had a phone installed at their desk in the White House
Health hazard : For decades smoking at work was commonplace , however in 1998 a number of countries enforced a ban preventing the practice
While the men photographed appear to be in their mid-to late thirties all of the women are considerably younger , as it was traditional for women to quit their jobs once married and with children .
Washington correspondent Eleanor Clift who worked as a Newsweek secretary during the Sixties told The Daily Beast : 'Women were n't supposed to be openly ambitious in the '60s .
'When I started at Newsweek As a secretary , I was thrilled to be where what I typed was interesting . I was the daughter of immigrants , my father had a deli , and my mother made the potato salad and rice pudding . '
The thigh 's the limit ! A blonde-haired woman stands by a filing cabinet in a scarlet mini dress
Under pressure : One woman calmly listens to a caller while another lets the stress get to them
On call : A secretary exposes some thigh as they man the phone at an advertising agency in Soho , London
One of the archive shots shows a young lady perched on the edge of their desk taking a telephone call with a short dress revealing ample thigh , while another woman sits typing unaware that their stockings are on display .
Other images capture boss / secretary relationships - often a source of office gossip . In the Mad Men series Joan had a brief affair with their boss Roger Sterling while in the fifth season advertising executive Don Draper married their secretary , Megan .
Ms Clift admits they were also guilty of indulging in an office romance , stating that at the time they 'was living with a television director I had met at a previous job working as a secretary at ad agency Albert Frank-Guenther Law . '
One archive shot shows a 51-year-old Albert Einstein in their attic flat in Berlin , siting a good distance away from their conservatively dressed secretary while dictating a scientific paper .
To close for comfort ? A business person gives their secretary a lingering glance before leaving the office
Ready for action : Women did all sorts of jobs during the 1960s , but some of the most common jobs were teacher , nurse , secretary , typist , bookkeeper and shop assistant
Well seated : Two female assistants get comfortable on some retro-style furniture Gadget proud : A secretary admires a new three-inch-high , eight-pound portable typewriter ( left ) while a secretary works an early version of the fax machine ( right )
Role model : Actress Barbara Hale - best known for their role as legal secretary Della Street on the Perry Mason television series - pictured at their desk
However another shows a male executive admiring their scantily clad female assistant as they decide to relocate outdoors as a heatwave hits .
According to a study released earlier this year more job descriptions are using the word 'secretary ' thanks to Mad Men reigniting the appeal of the role .
Ray Weikal , communications specialist at the International Association of Administrative Professionals ( IAAP ) , which conducted the research , noted that for years the term used to describe an administrative assistant had been on the decline , due in part to the feminist movement .
They told the Business Insider : 'The title secretary started to go out of fashion after World War II .
'The association was formed as a way of professionalizing secretarial work .
Relocation : A boss and their secretary move their office outside for the day Technological aids : Telephones became increasingly easier to operate over the years and inventions such as the Beoton telephone amplifier allowed office workers to type and make a phone call at the same time
Conservative look : Two women opt for more modest attire with button up collars
Several black Southern Baptists praised the resolution and some prominent blacks outside the denomination were supportive in varying degrees .
The resolution stated that `` many of our Southern Baptist forebears defended the 'right ' to own slaves '' and that in this century , many in the denomination either failed to support or actively opposed efforts by black Americans to secure their civil rights .
Further , the resolution said , `` We lament and repudiate historic acts of evil such as slavery from which we continue to reap a bitter harvest , and we recognize that the racism which yet plagues our culture today is inextricably tied to the past . ''
It asked for `` forgiveness from our African-American brothers and sisters , acknowledging that our own healing is at stake . ''
In a phone interview , Bill Leonard , a historian of American religion who is chairperson of the religion department at Samford University in Birmingham , Ala. , said the resolution was an important symbol , particularly in its timing on this anniversary .
`` I think it 's a reminder to white Southern Baptists of the impact of race on the beginning of the denomination , '' they said . `` Whether they held slaves or not , the original Southern Baptists came out on the side of the South 's 'peculiar institution . ' ``
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
They also said the resolution was important in light of the negative response by many Southern Baptist congregations to the civil rights movement in the 1950 's and 1960 's . `` You had churches passing by-law changes here in Birmingham that any black person who came would not be seated or would be examined to see if their interest was to join , '' they said . `` That is not lost on black people , those memories . ''
During the brief discussion that preceded the vote , the Rev . Gary Frost , a black pastor from Ohio who was elected last year as the denomination 's first vice president , appealed to the crowd : `` I believe it is up to the body of Christ , the church of Jesus Christ , to begin true reconciliation . I pray that you accept this resolution . ''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After being read a copy of it , the Rev . Calvin O. Butts III , pastor of 4,500-member Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem , called it a marvelous statement . ''
`` If there 's a fitting response to the 'Letter from Birmingham Jail , ' this is it , '' said Dr. Butts , referring to the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. 's famous 1963 appeal to white Southern clergy to support the Civil Rights movement .
But the Rev . Arlee Griffin Jr. , pastor of 4,000-member Berean Missionary Baptist Church in Brooklyn , took a skeptical view , calling the resolution only a first step , and saying that in racial matters , Southern Baptists have `` a long history and legacy to overcome . ''
`` It is only when one 's request for forgiveness is reflected in a change of attitude and actions that the victim can then believe that the request for forgiveness is authentic , '' said Dr. Griffin , who serves as historian for the Progressive National Baptist Convention , a separate denomination . They said they wanted to see the denomination substantially racially integrate its leadership , agency staffs and seminary faculties .
In its wording the resolution closely follows a document drawn up last month at the denomination 's Christian Life Commission , the Southern Baptist agency concerned with moral issues .
Discussing the resolution 's apology to blacks , the commission 's executive director , Richard D. Land , said , `` In the Bible , if you 've wronged your brother , you go to your brother and seek reconciliation . ''
An ancestor of theirs had been a slaveholder in Mississippi , they said . `` I ca n't change my great-great-great grandfather 's standing before God , '' they said . `` But I can apologize for the consequences '' of the man 's ownership of slaves . ''
Dr. Land added that the resolution 's chance of passing was increased by the support of the denomination 's conservative leadership . `` It 's like maybe only Nixon could go to China , '' they said . `` And only the Democrats can reform welfare . ''
Sleep 's a funny thing—maybe it 's just me , but for something I spend so much of my life doing , there 's a lot about it that I do n't get . Part of it came with the territory ; my dreams were different from most peoples . They could show me things that had n't happened yet , things that were happening , or even things that had already come to pass . Whatever the case , they were vivid , as real as anything else I could see , hear , or touch . Some days , I did n't know they were dreams until they were over .
But even beyond that , it 's weird when you think about it , is n't it ? You go to sleep , hours pass , and then you wake up , generally without even knowing how much time had gone by . Do you ever wonder what might have happened while you were asleep ? The world does n't stop turning just because you close your eyes and people do n't stop working . All around the world , things are happening while you 're oblivious . Have you ever woken up , turned on the news or your computer or even just looked around and just…marveled at how much has happened while you were away ?
Or what might have happened to you ? I 've woken up in places I did n't go to sleep . Sometimes , I 've woken up in places I did n't go to sleep with no memories of even going to sleep . Once , I woke up in a new place with no memories , period .
Today , I woke up in a place I did n't recognize and I was about three inches tall .
Click to expand ...
The Pakistan army is sending a brigade of combat troops to shore up Saudi Arabia 's vulnerable southern border from reprisal attacks mounted by the Houthis in Yemen , according to senior security sources .
The brigade will be based in the south of the Kingdom , but will only be deployed inside its border , the sources told Middle East Eye . `` It will not be used beyond Saudi borders , '' one said .
It is the latest twist in a brutal and devastating two-year war , which has killed more than 10,000 people in Yemen , injured over 40,000 and brought the impoverished nation to the verge of famine .
Both sides have been accused of war crimes and starving civilians trapped in the carnage .
The war was launched by Saudi Arabia and its Arab coalition allies after the Houthis overran Sanaa , the Yemeni capital , and the southern port of Aden and ousted the Saudi-backed president , Abd Rabbuh Hadi .
Increasingly , the Houthis have been retaliating with cross-border missile strikes on targets deep inside the kingdom .
Last month the Houthis claimed to have hit a military camp near al-Mazahimiyah near Riyadh with what they called `` a precision long-distance ballistic missile '' . The Saudis denied the claim .
On 31 January , a missile killed 80 soldiers on a base run jointly by the Saudis and Emiratis on Zuqar island in the Red Sea , according to reports in Arabic media . The Saudis did not confirm nor deny the strike .
In October a missile was shot down about 65km from Mecca , although the Houthis denied targeting the holy city .
# COAS also met Chief of General Staff of Saudi Forces Gen AbdurRehman bin Saleh Al Bunyan.Both agreed to boost mil coop and collaboration-6 pic.twitter.com/xGMfMF3K2X — Gen Asim Bajwa ( @ AsimBajwaISPR ) December 18 , 2016
The deployment of the Pakistani brigade follows a visit by General Qamar Javed Bajwa , the Pakistani chief of army staff ( COAS ) , to Saudi Arabia on a three-day official visit in December last year .
`` COAS reiterated Pakistan 's commitment to the security and protection of the Holy Mosques and also the territorial integrity of the kingdom , '' the Pakistani army said in a statement .
`` Later , General Qamar Javed Bajwa met chief of general staff of Saudi Forces , General Abdul Rehman bin Saleh al-Bunyan , to discuss military to military relations , defence cooperation and regional security situation .
`` Both leaders agreed to boost military cooperation and collaboration . ''
The area of deployment for the Pakistani brigade is politically sensitive in Islamabad , because two years ago the parliament rejected a request by Saudi Arabia 's King Salman for Pakistan to join a `` Sunni '' coalition to fight the Houthis .
The Houthis , whose tribesmen mostly follow Zaidism , a variant of Shia Islam practised by a minority in northern Yemen , are backed by Iran , although the level of direct support provided by Tehran is disputed .
Parliament debated the deployment for four days , a debate dominated by the fears of further stoking sectarian violence in Pakistan where 20 percent of the population is Shia .
The parliamentary debate also became the target of intense lobbying .
Iran 's foreign minister , Javad Zarif , met both Pakistani Prime Minister Prime Nawaz Sharif and the former chief of army staff , Raheel Sharif , as the debate took place .
The Iranians back the Houthis politically , and Saudi Arabia , the US and Australia all say they have supported them militarily as well .
The senior Houthi leaders have been trained by , and their paramilitary structures modelled on , Hezbollah , the Iran-backed Lebanese militia . Advisers from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) have also been involved .
Last year , state-affiliated media in Iran said the Houthis were using Iran-made Zelzal-3 surface-to-surface solid fuel missiles , although they insisted the weapon was produced `` indigenously '' .
Sharif owes their life to the Saudis , who saved them from execution after a military coup which brought Pervez Musharraf to power in 1999 .
However , the prime minister 's wish to repay a personal debt to the Saudis was not reciprocated by the Pakistan army .
Generals argued then that they were overstretched with campaigns against the Pakistani Taliban in the North West Tribal Areas .
Since then , however , senior military sources in Pakistan claim to have pushed the Taliban out of Swat valley and North Waziristan .
Parliament however is currently pursuing expanding trade links with Iran . Awaid Leghari , the chairperson of the foreign affair 's committee of the National Assembly , recently met Ali Larijani , the speaker of the Iranian Majlis , and Alludin Boroujerdi , the chairperson of Iran 's foreign policy and security committee in the Islamic Consultative Assembly .
A parliamentary delegation from Islamabad is also due to visit Tehran in May . They will discuss re-opening three border markets , a projected gas pipeline and tourism .
Leghari told Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper that both sides , they observed , were now feeling `` internal pressures '' to engage in a big way for mutual benefit .
`` More pressure would have to be exerted from within the economies and people and media , '' they said .
The deployment would not be the first in relations between the two states . President Muhammad Zia ul-Haq deployed an elite Pakistani armoured brigade to the kingdom at the request of Fahd , who was Crown Prince and acting monarch at the time of the Iranian revolution in 1980 .
The brigade was deployed for a decade and some 40,000 soldiers served in it .
This article is available in French on Middle East Eye French edition .
Four time FIA World Touring Car Champion Yvan Muller has confirmed they will make their debut in the 2015 FIA World Rallycross Championship at the wheel of an Albatec Racing Peugeot 208 Supercar at Loheac in France .
The mutiple title winning touring car champion and ten time Andros Trophy holder has been released for this event only by current employer Citroen during a break in the 2015 WTCC , allowing them to take part for the first time in WorldRX alongside fellow Frenchman and current FIA European Rallycross Championship leader Jerome Grosset-Janin . Muller recently tested the car at Faleyras , where they set competitive lap times during the outing . Muller will have a second test at Loheac before the WorldRX event itself .
Loheac is one of the iconic events on the WorldRX calendar , where last year it attracted a crowd of over 70,000 spectators and nearly 40 Supercars being driven by the very best and talented drivers in Rallycross . Muller 's current Citroen WTCC team-mate Sebastien Loeb drove in the 2013 event himself . With all of their Touring Car and Andros Trophy experience , Muller will be one to watch over the Loheac Weekend .
For Albatec Racing , this is another event in their mammoth 2015 Rallycross calendar . The team is fielding Andy Scott in a full time assault on the British Rallycross Championship as well as fielding Jerome Grosset-Janin and James Grint full time in the FIA European Rallycross Championship . The team have entered two French Rallycross Championship events with Julien Febreau and Kristian Sohlberg , who makes their own Rallycross debut this weekend . This announcement also confirms the teams third WorldRX appearence after Scott and David Binks contested the Lydden Hill event and with Sohlberg due out at Turkey .
Team Principal Andy Scott is excited to have Yvan Muller on board and is looking for to the Loheac event .
“ I 'm very excited about Yvan joining us at arguably the biggest rallycross event on the 2015 schedule . We had a great result there last year , reaching the semi finals , while in 2013 Kris Meeke showed everybody the potential of our Peugeot 208 RX Supercar , ” explained Scott .
“ We head to the event on the back of a very strong start to our season , leading Euro RX with Jérome and having success in Britain , and although rallycross is very competitive across all the championships we 're contesting , I 'm confident that Yvan will be right up there from the start on their home track .
“ We had a very successful test with Yvan , he 's totally committed , and obviously an incredibly fast and professional driver , who will I 'm certain fit in very well with the team and indeed rallycross . Having an all-French line-up , aboard French cars , at the biggest event on the French rallycross calendar will I 'm sure contribute to the amazing atmosphere the event always attracts . ”
Muller themselves is looking forward to the challenge of World Rallycross and making their debut at their home event on 4-6 September .
“ I 've wanted to do rallycross for a long time , it 's been on my mind for four or five years , but I did n't have the opportunity , the good opportunity , or the time to do it . I 'm really looking forward to doing Lohéac , firstly it 's very well known in France , and rallycross now is at a high level , so I think it 's just the right time to do it . So yes I 'm very pleased and looking forward to it , ” said Muller .
“ I do n't think we can compare ice racing to rallycross too much , yes ice racing is four-wheel drive , but also four wheel steer , and on ice the grip levels are naturally much lighter . Of course , the comparison is closer from ice racing to rallycross , than from say circuit racing like WTCC , but it 's still quite different , so there are things to learn . The test with Albatec in Faleyras was good , very nice . It was my first experience , so I learnt and saw much more how rallycross is , what it 's all about . The track was quite greasy , quite slippery when we started , because we had a spot of rain but it was great . ”
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks during the second presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis , Sunday , Oct. 9 , 2016 . ( Saul Loeb/Pool via AP )
We 're also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip . At a record clip . And it should n't be allowed to happen . -- Donald Trump , at the second presidential debate .
In a debate performance characterized by personal insults , outlandish claims and a threat to jail their opponent in the event that they won the presidency , it was easy to overlook Donald Trump 's claim , above , about the flow of drugs into the U.S .
Broadly speaking , Trump 's assertion that `` drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip '' is not supported by the available data .
Drug seizures at the southwest border are the best barometer for measuring the amount of drugs flowing into the country from Mexico and points south . Data from U.S. Customs and Border Protection shows that the total amount of drugs seized at the Southwest border ( along California , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas ) has dropped precipitously over the past five years , from roughly 2.5 million pounds of drugs in 2011 to about 1.5 million pounds in 2015 .
Nearly all of this decline is due to the drop in marijuana seizures over the same period . As a plant , marijuana is by definition a much bulkier drug than refined and concentrated substances like cocaine , heroin and methamphetamine , which make up the remainder of drug seizures . Marijuana is also much more widely used than other illicit drugs , so its lion 's share of seizures by weight comes as no surprise .
There 's more variation in the numbers when you look at other drugs . Cocaine seizures fell by more than half , from 8,763 pounds in 2011 to 4,294 pounds in 2015 . Heroin has actually risen , from 387 pounds in 2011 to 515 pounds in 2015 . But heroin seizures were even higher in 2013 ( 559 ) and 2014 ( 575 ) , so the idea that heroin is coming over the border at a `` record clip , '' as Donald Trump says , does not appear to be true .
The only drug for which the CBP numbers support Trump 's claim is meth -- customs officers seized 6,429 pounds of methamphetamines in 2015 , up more than threefold since 2011 and higher than the number in every year in between .
Trump 's argument about drugs coming over the border is part of their larger push for tighter border controls to stop undocumented immigrants from entering the United States . The centerpiece of that argument is a plan to build a wall along the entire Mexican border and make Mexico pay for it .
From a financial , legal and logical standpoint , many experts have criticized that plan as unworkable . On the merits , it 's also highly unlikely a wall would keep drugs out either .
Traffickers do n't only smuggle drugs overland , after all . They dig tunnels underneath the borders . They send drugs via submarine . They sneak a significant amount of contraband into the country via airports .
As long as there 's demand for cocaine or heroin or meth , in other words , traffickers have demonstrated that they 'll find a way to bring drugs into the country regardless of how tall any border wall might be .
The failures of costly supply-focused measures -- like shutting down drug dealers and burning down drug crops -- was one of the toughest policy lessons of the drug war . Ironically , the one thing that 's had the greatest impact in decreasing the flow of drugs across the border -- particularly marijuana -- has been the loosening of restrictions on drug use here in the U.S .
`` If the U.S. continues to legalize pot , they 'll run us into the ground , '' a Mexican marijuana grower told NPR in 2014 , at the end of the first year of Colorado 's recreational marijuana markets .
The vast majority of green bonds are rated as investment grade . ( Getty Images )
Millions of investors have embraced socially responsible investing , preferring to put their money into stocks of firms that do n't sell weapons , alcohol or tobacco . But few investors are as familiar with a kind of second cousin : green bonds .
Like all bonds , green ones are loans from investors to issuers , with interest paid to bond owners for a given period before the principal is repaid . But green bonds are used to raise money for projects deemed good for the environment , like cleaning up pollution , supporting agricultural or forestry projects , or countering the effects of climate change .
Issuance of green bonds has soared alongside concerns about climate change , from about $ 800 million in 2007 to about $ 150 billion in 2017 , according to Van Eck Securities Corp. , which offers an exchange-traded fund , VanEck Vectors Green Fund ( ticker : GRNB ) composed of green bonds .
Most green bonds are taxable , like ordinary government and corporate bonds , but there is a relatively small subset of tax-free municipal green bonds , with no tax on interest earnings and capital gains tax if a bond is sold for more than was paid . Like ordinary munis , tax-exempt green bonds appeal to investors seeking steady income . Tax exemption on interest is more valuable for investors in higher tax brackets .
While green bonds are issued for specific projects , in most cases their interest payments , and therefore their creditworthiness , or safety , are not dependent on the success of the project but on the financial health of the issuer , adding a degree of safety for investors concerned the project does n't look like a sure thing .
The vast majority of green bonds are rated as investment grade . Issuers include major corporations such as Apple ( AAPL ) , as well as governmental bodies and the World Bank .
Van Eck says green bond features like duration and yield are typically similar to those of comparable `` plain vanilla '' bonds , meaning investors have not had to sacrifice investment results to support environmentally beneficial projects . GRNB , for instance , yields about 1.4 percent , Van Eck says , about the same as ETFs with ordinary bonds .
`` There is not a significant difference between conventional bonds and green bonds in terms of structure , risk/return potential , and so on , '' says Katrina Sheehan , vice president at PNC Asset Management Group and adjunct professor of finance at Cleveland State University .
`` The only major variation stems from what green bonds are – a financing source for companies and local governments to fund environmentally-friendly projects , '' they say . `` It is thus assumed that any funds received from a debt issue can only be utilized for that project , it can not be used for any other operational needs . With that , there are generally higher transparency requirements for these issues . ''
They say green bonds are suitable for investors with environmental , social or governance concerns ( ESG investing ) .
`` Green bonds can be a long-term holding just as any other fixed income asset class , with the primary goal being responsible investing in addition to total return , '' they say , noting that although track records are short , these bonds should perform much like ordinary bonds from the same issuers .
A non-profit organization called the Climate Bonds Initiative has list of green bonds on its website .
`` Investors looking to direct investments toward projects that have an environmental focus should consider green bonds , '' says Nick Erickson , head of tax-exempt ESG investing at Sage Advisory , an asset management firm in Austin , Texas .
`` I would caution investors to do their due diligence on the issuance and look past the label to ensure that the proceeds are in fact going to be used as intended , '' Erickson says . `` Since reporting is not mandatory , nor standardized , there can be instances of Green labeled bonds where the proceeds may be diverted away from the intended Green project . ''
Here are things for an investor to consider :
What type of bond ? Is the bond a `` full recourse '' bond backed by the issuer , or do interest earnings rely on the success of the project funded ?
How healthy is the issuer ? Researching green bonds is similar to that for ordinary bonds , and investors should look at the issuer 's credit rating and other financial data .
Are they liquid ? That means is there a big enough demand to assure you can buy and sell when you want ? `` We view liquidity as likely being the largest potential risk , '' Sheehan says . `` This is a fairly thin market with few issuers currently , which may make trading more challenging . ''
What is the duration ? That 's a measure of `` interest-rate risk '' or the chances a bond will lose value if newer bonds pay more interest . A five-year duration , for example , means the bond could lose 5 percent of its value for every one-percentage point rise in prevailing interest rates .
Is the issuing country stable ? Because so many of these bonds are issued by foreign governments or companies , investors should consider risks of economic or political instability , or warfare , as well as the possibility that a profitable investment could turn into a loser due to changes in exchange rates .
What is the fund 's expense ratio ? As with all mutual funds or ETFs , green funds charge an expense ratio that chews into returns . All else being equal , a smaller ratio is better .
What is the tax treatment ? Is the bond or fund tax-exempt ? Some funds have a mix of taxable and tax-exempt bonds , making it hard to forecast tax bites in the future .
Is the project really green ? While the Climate Bonds Initiative certifies bonds as green , some bonds labeled green by issuers are less green than others , according to an assessment by Scotland-based Aberdeen Asset Management . It cites a bond issued by the state of Victoria in Australia to pay for electric railroad projects .
While that sounds green , closer inspection showed the power to come from coal-burning generators , which is not at all green , Aberdeen says .
`` Brown bonds does n't sound quite as catchy , '' Aberdeen says .
Top Natural Resource Exchange-Traded Funds
Stock information as of May 31st , 2017
When it comes to stopping online tracking cookies , Privacy Badger do n't give a flip what the advertisers say . The Electronic Frontier Foundation just unveiled a new tool to help privacy-conscious users enforce their do-not-track wishes on uncooperative websites and third-party advertising companies .
On Wednesday , the online rights groups released an alpha build of Privacy Badger , an add-on for Chrome and Firefox built to destroy third-party cookies and other trackers . Privacy Badger automatically detects and blocks third-party trackers that follow you across the web collecting data about your browsing habits .
But do n't think of Privacy Badger as an ad blocker in the vein of AdBlock Plus . Instead , the EFF add-on is built to only stop third-party tracking that happens across the web . So if an ad pops up without tracking cookies enabled , you 'll see it . Lucky for you , privacy loving user , most ads are loaded with trackers .
Browsing with the badger
Once you 've got Privacy Badger installed , all you have to do is start browsing the web as you normally would . But if you 're interested in seeing what Privacy Badger is up to just click on the badger icon in your browser 's address bar .
When you first start browsing , all third-party domains that are detected on a website are displayed with a green slider in the Privacy Badger drop-down menu . Green means the add-on has detected third-party domains , but they have n't done anything objectionable yet .
As you start browsing across multiple sites , however , those green sliders quickly turn yellow and red . Red means Privacy Badger is explicitly blocking trackers . A yellow slider means a third-party tracker is being allowed , because it appears to be necessary for the site to function properly . At the same time , however , Privacy Badger will try to screen out any tracking cookies from yellow-coded third parties . That way you get online privacy without the hassle of handicapped site functionality .
Visit a handful of sites and Privacy Badger 's sliders quickly go from green to red .
These sliders are completely user configurable too . So if you 'd like to allow some trackers and disallow others , just move the slider within Privacy Badger to where you 'd like it .
Advertisers may not like the idea of Privacy Badger , but the EFF says any advertisers that commit to respecting do not track requests will get unblocked by the add-on—the idea being that if enough people start using Privacy Badger users can compel advertisers and other online tracking companies to improve online privacy for everyone .
Alpha Badger
The EFF says Privacy Badger is not yet ready for official release and should only be used by brave alpha testers willing to endure a few bumps and bugs along the way . Anyone who finds a problem can file a bug report for Chrome or Firefox on Github .
For now , Privacy Badger only blocks third-party tracking , not first party . So you ca n't use the new add-on to stop Facebook or Google from watching you when you 're actually on Facebook.com or Google.com .
Privacy Badger also ca n't stop so-called browser fingerprinting , but this feature is planned for a future release . Browser fingerprinting is another potential form of tracking that monitors you based on your PC 's unique combination of features such as screen size , installed plugins , time zone , operating system , and so on .
Blocking cookies and other forms of online tracking is becoming an issue that users have to take into their own hands . Advertisers have so far been unresponsive to do not track headers , a feature built into some browsers that tells a website to please stop tracking you .
On Wednesday , for example , Yahoo announced it would no longer honor do not track requests citing a lack of industry standards for DNT . Other major sites also ignore DNT requests .
So if asking nicely wo n't help , privacy conscious users can now install their very own attack badger ( alpha ) to stop online tracking . Because as the EFF says , `` Nothing can stop the Privacy Badger from eating cookies when it 's hungry ! ''
President Trump 's son Eric Trump said in an interview Sunday that their father should be taken seriously when it comes to protecting the United States .
Speaking to Fox News ' “ Sunday Morning Futures ” about the president 's recent five-nation tour of Asia , Eric Trump said both their father and Secretary of Defense James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense : Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump 's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE are not “ people who play games . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ And I think having three or four aircraft carriers parked right off the peninsula really shows the might of a nation , ” Trump told Maria Bartiromo .
The comment is an apparent reference to the three Navy aircraft carrier groups that were deployed last month to the Korean Peninsula .
“ And it also makes it very , very clear that we 're not playing . You know , my father 's not playing . Mattis , believe me , you know , these are n't people who play games , ” they added .
“ They 're deadly serious about protecting this nation and protecting the free world against lunacy . ”
The Pentagon said at the time that the deployment had been planned and was not a response to threats coming from North Korea .
“ This was a unique opportunity to show that the U.S. is the only power in the world that can demonstrate that kind of presence and a unique opportunity for them to be together , ” a Pentagon spokesperson told reporters last month .
Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8-Page 2 Next
Page 2 of 8
CompuServe never strayed far from its corporate roots , with a primary audience of professionals and executives . It provided daily news , stock tickers , weather reports and encyclopedias to CompuServe members , often adding surcharges above the standard connection rates ( wags liked to abbreviate the service `` CI $ '' ) . Early adopters found several unique features , including a `` CB Simulator , '' or group chat room , which also offered one-to-one real-time messaging , similar to today 's instant messaging .
Users were given numeric IDs , such as 75162.3001 -- an artifact of the Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) PDP-10 computers upon which the service was founded -- but members could create handles by which to identify themselves in the various message boards and chat areas . CompuServe contracted with private individuals and parties to run its forums , with each forum 's contract holder receiving a percentage of the billed time users spent in that forum . The most successful forums became full-time jobs for their system operators , or sysops .
Message boards sported easy-to-follow threaded conversations , though each forum could hold only a set number of messages , with old posts being automatically deleted as new ones were written . Program and data files could be downloaded from the libraries , where member-contributed uploads were verified by the forum 's staff before being approved for public consumption . Each file had a description and keywords -- metadata that could be used to refine complex searches . By 1995 , over three million members were making use of CompuServe 's assorted resources .
The text-based interface allowed any computer to dial into CIS , though a graphical interface was also available by installing a client application that used CIS 's proprietary HMI ( Host-Micro Interface ) protocol . In 1999 , the text service was dropped in favor of a Web-based interface , but by then it was too late . `` The burden of trying to support two types of services [ text-based and graphical ] at the same time opened the door for a competitor to come in and do a better job with the next iteration of what online services were to be , '' says Mike Schoenbach , sysop of several of CompuServe 's gaming forums .
CompuServe was ultimately purchased by AOL , which `` never supported a text system and entered the market with a much friendlier Windows-based point-and-click service , '' says Schoenbach , whose company , Fun Online , continues to operate various commercial forums .
CompuServe and its forums and `` content channels '' still exist today at CompuServe.com . Membership costs $ 19.95/month or $ 199/year , with access via either a Web browser or proprietary software called CompuServe 2000 , which `` offers support for the latest Windows operating system , Windows XP . '' Support for CompuServe Classic 's HMI software and numeric accounts was discontinued on June 30 , 2009 .
A chatroom transcript from CompuServe 's Gamers Forum ( GO GAMERS ) on March 2 , 1993 ( credit : Ken Gagne )
NEXT : Delphi
Bitcoin French Media Campaign Against Blocking Ads Opens Door For Bitcoin Micropayments
Bitcoin micropayments do not seem to make much sense to both consumers and media outlets these days , even though the concept could prove to be a viable ads replacement in the long run . Over in France , local media outlets are actively blocking users from accessing their content when they are running an ad blocker in the browser , as it would diminish earnings from advertisers . While this situation is very annoying , it is also a perfect example of why bitcoin micropayments are a solution .
Also read : The Vanbex Report : RSCoin and the Brexit Effect
Blocking Ads Means No Media Content In France
As if artificial paywalls were not annoying enough to deal with when browsing online news , French media outlets have taken things one step further . As of today – and until the end of the week – users who run an ad blocker in their browser or on mobile will not be able to access media content . The only solution to this problem is disabling toe and blocker for the time spent on the website .
It is the first time such an aggressive stance towards and blockers takes place on the Internet , although it is not impossible to see other national media outlets follow this lead . Moreover , French Internet users were aware of this blockade happening sooner or later , as GESTE – an association of online publishers – announced their course of action last year .
All of the participating media outlets seem to agree that the content they distribute should not be accessible free of charge , and how advertising is an indispensable form of revenue for maintaining this online presence . Granted , writers need to be paid for their content , but the traditional advertising model is becoming a thing of the past rather quickly .
This decision by GESTE will affect a large portion of French Internet users , as one in three is running an ad blocker on their computer or mobile device . It is not the first time media outlets are running anti-and blocker campaigns , but it is the first time it happens across major outlets in the same country for an extended period .
It is worth noting how some of the participating news outlets are trying to sway the mind of visitors blocking ads to turn off the software in exchange for a discounted subscription price . This is a somewhat more mature approach to this problem , rather than making the website completely inaccessible for users who run software to block all ads on that platform .
Bitcoin Micropayments To The Rescue ?
There are various reasons people want to block ads on a website : tracking cookies , ads installing malware on the device in the background , or just a clean browsing experience . Regardless of the reason , traditional banner advertising is on the way out , and businesses need to rethink their revenue strategy sooner rather than later .
Bitcoin micropayments make a lot of sense , despite the limited adoption rate of digital currency right now . By enabling such a feature , mainstream media outlets could let customers pay per article or per day of access , rather than charging them for monthly or yearly subscriptions . A per-content-fee makes a lot more sense to consumers than subscriptions or ads do these days , and most people will gladly pay a fractional amount to access the content they are interested in .
What are your thoughts on this action by French media outlets ? Will Bitcoin micropayments become the new norm in a few years from now ? Let us know in the comments below !
Source : The Verge
Images courtesy of AdBlock , Shutterstock
Kaleb Vanfosson was scheduled to introduce Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders at a rally for Hillary Clinton in Ames , Iowa , Saturday , but things did n't go as planned for the campaign .
Vanfosson , president of the Iowa State chapter of Students for Bernie , ended up being escorted off stage after they slammed Clinton as someone who only “ cares about is pleasing their donors , the billionaires who fund their election . ”
The remarks came as Vanfosson was supposed to be introducing Sanders . While talking about student loan debt and attacking Republican Donald Trump for failing to talk about the issue , Vanfosson said , “ But unfortunately , Hillary does n't care either . The only thing they care about is pleasing their donors , the billionaires who fund their campaign . ”
Watch :
“ The only people who can really trust Hillary are Goldman Sachs , ” Vanfosson continued . “ Citi Group can trust Hillary . The military industrial complex can trust Hillary . Them good friend Henry Kissinger can trust Hillary. ” Some in the crowd began to cheer .
“ We ca n't trust Hillary . They are so trapped in the world of the elite that they have completely lost grip of what it 's like to be an average person . They do n't care . Voting for another lesser of two evils , there 's no point , ” Vanfosson concluded .
At this point a man came quickly from backstage to escort Vanfosson off the stage .
September has finally come and it means that one of the most anticipated events for all Java developers from around the globe , JavaOne , is right around the corner : it will will take place during September 28 – October 2 in the sunny San Francisco , CA . Of course , JetBrains is already gearing up for the event , and we 're looking forward to seeing you there .
Our booth will feature conversations with the IntellIJ IDEA team , discussions about what 's coming in this year release of IntelliJ IDEA 14 , demos of our other JetBrains products like TeamCity and YouTrack , and of course , our traditional license raffle .
Be sure to also mark your calendar for two sessions by our very own Hadi Hariri and Konstantin Bulenkov :
IntelliJ IDEA : 42 Tips and Tricks
Hadi Hariri – Developer Advocate , JetBrains
Thursday , Oct 2 , 1:00 PM – 2:00 PM – Hilton – Continental Ballroom 5
An IDE is so much more than an editor , yet people seem to compare one to another . This session looks at IntelliJ IDEA and gives you 42 tips and tricks that will make you a more efficient and productive developer . From searching for symbols to having a smooth worfklow when working with version control , the presentation examines all the things that make it possible to have a pleasurable development experience . You 'll be guaranteed to leave this session knowing things you probably did n't even know existed and were afraid to ask if they did . Maybe even find out why it will be 42 tips .
The Emerging Languages Bowl : The Big League Challenge by
Hadi Hariri – Developer Advocate , JetBrains
Wednesday , Oct 1 , 3:00 PM – 4:00 PM – Hilton – Continental Ballroom 7/8/9
Scripting languages that are emerging and not yet mainstream vie with each other to stake a claim that they have the potential to become mainstream and be regarded as big-league . Do n't miss this panel discussion , in which these emerging languages are portrayed by their respective champions , who explain how they may help your everyday life as a Java developer . To present a complete picture , the session includes some languages that may not run on the JVM . Afterward you will have a better grasp of the emerging languages and the ecosystem . One or more of the languages may catch your fancy for doing development alongside Java .
Brewing Your Very Own IDE : A How-To Guide
Konstantin Bulenkov – Team Lead , JetBrains
Thursday , Oct 2 , 4:00 PM – 5:00 PM – Hilton – Golden Gate 4/5
No one knows how many programming languages there are in the world . New languages are born all the time , some to become really popular and widely used , some to occupy specific niches , and some to die slowly ( or quickly ) . But for any language , what really makes it usable is having an adequate environment to work in . This session describes how to use the open source IntelliJ platform to build your own IDE and how to implement perfect support for a language from a single BNF file .
Develop with Pleasure !
“ Fun Home ” was one of the biggest winners of Broadway 's biggest night at the 69th annual Tony Awards , taking home four awards including the best musical and best performance by an actor in a leading role in a musical for Michael Cerveris .
As for plays , “ The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time ” came out on top , winning best play , best performance by an actor in a leading role in a play for Alex Sharp , the best direction of a play and best scenic design of a play .
“ The King and I ” was also a victor , winning best revival of a musical and nabbing prizes for Kelli O'Hara and Ruthie Ann Miles for best performance by an actor in a leading and featured role in a musical , respectively .
Helen Mirren moved one step closer to an EGOT with their win for best performance by an actor in a leading role in a play for portraying Queen Elizabeth II ( again ) in “ The Audience . ”
The show was hosted by Kristin Chenoweth and Alan Cumming and aired live on CBS . See the full winners list below .
Best Musical
Fun Home ( WINNER )
An American in Paris
Something Rotten !
The Visit
Best Revival of a Musical
The King and I ( WINNER )
On the Town
On the Twentieth Century
Related Tony Awards Set 2019 Broadcast Date on CBS Listen : Why One Tony-Winning Producer Thinks Broadway 's Boom Is Just Beginning
Best Play
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time ( WINNER )
Disgraced
Hand to God
Wolf Hall Parts One & Two
Best Revival of a Play
Skylight ( WINNER )
The Elephant Man
This Is Our Youth
You Ca n't Take It with You
Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Play
Helen Mirren , The Audience ( WINNER )
Geneva Carr , Hand to God
Elisabeth Moss , The Heidi Chronicles
Carey Mulligan , Skylight
Ruth Wilson , Constellations
Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Play
Alex Sharp , The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time ( WINNER )
Steven Boyer , Hand to God
Bradley Cooper , The Elephant Man
Ben Miles , Wolf Hall Parts One & Two
Bill Nighy , Skylight
Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Musical
Kelli O'Hara , The King and I ( WINNER )
Kristin Chenoweth , On the Twentieth Century
Leanne Cope , An American in Paris
Beth Malone , Fun Home
Chita Rivera , The Visit
Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical
Michael Cerveris , Fun Home ( WINNER )
Robert Fairchild , An American in Paris
Brian d'Arcy James , Something Rotten !
Ken Watanabe , The King and me
Tony Yazbeck , On the Town
Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Musical
Ruthie Ann Miles , The King and I ( WINNER )
Victoria Clark , Gigi
Judy Kuhn , Fun Home
Sydney Lucas , Fun Home
Emily Skeggs , Fun Home
Best Direction of a Musical
Sam Gold , Fun Home ( WINNER )
Casey Nicholaw , Something Rotten !
John Rando , On the Town
Bartlett Sher , The King and I
Christopher Wheeldon , An American in Paris
Best Direction of a Play
Marianne Elliott , The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time ( WINNER )
Stephen Daldry , Skylight
Scott Ellis , You Ca n't Take It with You
Jeremy Herrin , Wolf Hall Parts One & Two
Moritz von Stuelpnagel , Hand to God
Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play
Annaleigh Ashford , You Ca n't Take It with You ( WINNER )
Patricia Clarkson , The Elephant Man
Lydia Leonard , Wolf Hall Parts One & Two
Sarah Stiles , Hand to God
Julie White , Airline Highway
Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Musical
Christian Borle , Something Rotten ! ( WINNER )
Andy Karl , On the Twentieth Century
Brad Oscar , Something Rotten !
Brandon Uranowitz , An American in Paris
Max von Essen , An American in Paris
Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Role in a Play
Richard McCabe , The Audience ( WINNER )
Matthew Beard , Skylight
K. Todd Freeman , Airline Highway
Alessandro Nivola , The Elephant Man
Nathaniel Parker , Wolf Hall Parts One & Two
Micah Stock , It 's Only a Play
Best Choreography
Christopher Wheeldon , An American in Paris ( WINNER )
Joshua Bergasse , On the Town
Christopher Gattelli , The King and I
Scott Graham & Steven Hoggett for Frantic Assembly , The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time
Casey Nicholaw , Something Rotten !
Best Original Score ( Music and/or Lyrics ) Written for the Theatre
Fun Home
Music : Jeanine Tesori
Lyrics : Lisa Kron ( WINNER )
The Last Ship
Music & Lyrics : Sting
Something Rotten !
Music & Lyrics : Wayne Kirkpatrick and Karey Kirkpatrick
The Visit
Music : John Kander
Lyrics : Fred Ebb
Best Book of a Musical
Fun Home
Lisa Kron ( WINNER )
An American in Paris
Craig Lucas
Something Rotten !
Karey Kirkpatrick and John O'Farrell
The Visit
Terrence McNally
Best Orchestrations
Christopher Austin , Don Sebesky , Bill Elliott , An American in Paris ( WINNER )
John Clancy , Fun Home
Larry Hochman , Something Rotten !
Rob Mathes , The Last Ship
Best Scenic Design of a Play
Bunny Christie and Finn Ross , The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time ( WINNER )
Bob Crowley , Skylight
Christopher Oram , Wolf Hall Parts One & Two
David Rockwell , You Ca n't Take It with You
Best Scenic Design of a Musical
Bob Crowley and 59 Productions , An American in Paris ( WINNER )
David Rockwell , On the Twentieth Century
Michael Yeargan , The King and I
David Zinn , Fun Home
Best Lighting Design of a Musical
Natasha Katz , An American in Paris ( WINNER )
Donald Holder , The King and I
Ben Stanton , Fun Home
Japhy Weideman , The Visit
Best Lighting Design of a Play
Paule Constable , The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time ( WINNER )
Paule Constable and David Plater , Wolf Hall Parts One & Two
Natasha Katz , Skylight
Japhy Weideman , Airline Highway
Best Costume Design of a Play
Christopher Oram , Wolf Hall Parts One & Two ( WINNER )
Bob Crowley , The Audience
Jane Greenwood , You Ca n't Take It with You
David Zinn , Airline Highway
Best Costume Design of a Musical
Catherine Zuber , The King and I ( WINNER )
Gregg Barnes , Something Rotten !
Bob Crowley , An American in Paris
William Ivey Long , On the Twentieth Century
Victorian Government moves ahead with plans to legalise medical marijuana
Posted
The Victorian Government hopes to become the first state in Australia to legalise medical marijuana , hopefully by the end of next year .
The drug would be made available to treat people with terminal illnesses or life-threatening conditions .
Earlier this year , then opposition leader Daniel Andrews said the law was outdated and needed to be `` modernised '' .
Mr Andrews asked the Law Reform Commission to advise on how to prescribe and regulate the drug with the aim of presenting a bill to Parliament by the end of 2015 .
`` We 'll get the advice not on if we should do it , but how we should do it , '' Premier Daniel Andrews said .
`` This is not going to be the type of medicine you go down to the chemist and buy off the shelf .
`` This 'll be for a limited and select group of patients . ''
Once state laws are changed , the federal Therapeutic Goods Administration will have the final say on whether medical cannabis can be legalised .
But Victorian doctors have called for more clinical trials before it is legalised .
The state president of the Australian Medical Association ( AMA ) , Dr Tony Bartone , said the drug must be legalised in consultation with medical authorities to ensure the safe distribution and administration of the substance .
`` The changes to legislation and other regulatory laws need to occur to allow the clinical trials to continue in a meaningful and robust manner , '' they said .
`` We 've got to make sure we do n't put the horse before the cart . ''
The State Opposition supported the greater availability of medicinal marijuana when it was in government and spokesperson Robert Clark said they they now need more details about the proposed change of law .
`` The key issue about the medicinal use of marijuana is the safeguards that are involved and Daniel Andrews now that he 's Premier needs to go beyond broad statements of principle , '' they said .
`` He needs to come forward with the detail of what he 's proposing to do . ''
Cassie Battens said life had changed for their three-year-old son Cooper Wallace , since their parents started breaking the law by giving them medicinal cannabis .
`` He could n't hold their head up before , they would just lay there , '' said their mother Cassie Battens .
`` He crawls now . He 's starting to stand . They have a personality . ''
Ms Batten hopes things can move forward now so that `` we do n't have to feel as if we are breaking the law . ''
The Law Reform commission reports back in August .
Topics : drugs-and-substance-abuse , community-and-society , health , state-parliament , melbourne-3000
By Jennifer Gaboury
The Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) was recently reauthorized after an unexpected delay — a delay that extends beyond , now routine , Republican obstructionism — attributed to opposition to the extension of protections to groups such as immigrants and Native American women . I 'm interested in another exclusion that has sometimes been raised since the passage of the legislation in 1994 , of intimate partner violence against men . In heterosexual couples , men do the most of the battering and women do far less . But even when it 's a small share of such instances , not only do all victims deserve recognition , there needs to be greater attention to reluctance to acknowledge violence committed by women . Discussion of domestic violence as something that men do to women , even where this is predominately the case , obscures the roots of the problem , thus treating violence as if it 's something natural – even biologically – associated with men , rather than something that is learned , bound up with the norms associated with masculinity , and often part of cycles of violence that need to be healed . Connecting men with violence also makes it difficult for people see men as victims who deserve support .
I 'm interested not only in the resources that VAWA makes available , but the way that it provides a framework for thinking and talking about domestic violence . The National Task Force to End Domestic and Sexual Violence Against Women produced a fact sheet on VAWA that addresses “ the man question. ” While legislation does provide some assistance to men , it should be understood in the context of where the victims of violence are understood to be “ overwhelmingly female ” making up 84 % and 86 % of spousal and intimate partner violence respectively . But the story of the statistics here is complicated . Data on battered men are sometimes simply omitted even when the numbers are available . For example , a study commissioned that would accompany the Act 's first reauthorization in 1998 cites that each year there are 1.5 million women who are victims of domestic violence and 835,000 men . But President Bill Clinton 's remarks on the occasion reflect the way in which men are omitted from the larger social discussion , focusing on the impact of violence on women and children inside the home .
Philip Cook 's book Abused Men : The Hidden Side of Domestic Violence offers an account of the politics of statistics across four decades of research on intimate partner violence , chronicling the ways in which the battering of men is overlooked and under-discussed . Cook points out that women make up 20 % of domestic violence arrests and , in the reissued version of the book released in 2009 , shows how these figures have changed over time , reflecting reporting practices rather than a dramatic increase in the levels of violence . Cook cites a survey sponsored by the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration of abused women seeking shelter in Kentucky found that among violent couples , 38 % of attacks were by ones where women reported that they had initiated a violent act .
Unsurprisingly , men are far less likely than women to report incidents where they have been injured as it might call into question the status of their manhood . For men who did not hit back , retaliate , or perform an evasive action , there remains an expectation among many of the men themselves that they should have been able to fend off what transpired . Counselors note that boys and men who have been the victims of violence have a hard time accepting the label of victim . Feminized associations with victim language makes it difficult for men and boys who experience violence to seek and accept help . Unfortunately , when men do share their stories of abuse , it 's not uncommon for these accounts to produce anxiety , disbelief , and uncomfortable laughter . Some men recount having called a domestic violence hotline only to have their call treated as a prank .
One of the ways women 's acts of violence are explained is that they 're said to be acts of self-defense . And while in many cases this is true , one would have to systematically discount the testimonies of thousands of victims who report otherwise to believe this is the only context in which men are battered by women . The picture about women 's capacity for violence changes when taking into account domestic violence in lesbian relationships , mother 's physical abuse of their children , and women who commit sexual harassment in workplace .
Just over 11 % of lesbians report incidents of domestic violence in their relationships ; a quarter indicate a history of other forms of verbal and psychological abuse . What 's also known about violence in same-sex relationships , as within communities of color , is the significant reluctance to report these issues , particularly when it involves punitive responses from the state . The fact of violence committed by same-sex partners also complicates the premise of some group therapy that people are generally better off in “ safe spaces ” segregated by sex .
About 80 % of physical child abuse is committed by a child 's parent , where mothers perpetrate 67 % of acts of physical abuse against children ; 40 % of the time mothers act on their own and 17 % of the time the child is abused by both parents . There is a subset of scholarly literature which seeks to debunk the notion that women are “ more likely ” to commit child abuse than men , when they spend similar time caring for children . This defensive posture in response to mothers committing violence seems connected to the idea that women need to be thought of only as victims and not sometimes as perpetrators , in order to be worthy of protection .
Recent data on sexual harassment in the workplace indicate that 70 % of women and 45 % of men have experienced some form of sexual harassment at work . Between 1992 and 2008 , the percentage of sexual-harassment charges filed by men with the EEOC doubled from 8 % to 16 % ; among the reasons for this spike is that in poor job markets , when people are unable to change jobs , some opt to report the incidents when they might not have otherwise . One of the problems with the EEOC data on sexual harassment is that the agency does not identify the sex of the harasser ; other studies have demonstrated that women 's harassment of men constitutes between 10-15 % of all cases and men 's harassment by other men is approximately 20 % . Cases of women sexually harassing other women in the workplace can be identified , but there 's been little attention to this .
That there exists disparity in these numbers should n't have the effect of erasing minority experiences . It 's understandable why there 's resistance to a framework that suggests that “ both men and women ” are battered , as if there is equivalence there . It 's also understandable why there may be fear here as well . At minimum , it could mean a loss of scarce resources for women who do not , overall , have the same earning capacities of men . Domestic violence is intertwined with learned gender roles and histories of abuse , but too often such violence is treated as if it 's inherently male . This account misunderstands and fails to get at the roots of such problems . Understanding violence as an extension of manhood is a problem for both women and men . It 's imperative that we discontinue limiting the ways we understand women 's strength , men 's vulnerabilities , and the capacity of all people to commit acts of violence .
Framing domestic violence in the way it 's currently understood means that some victims remain in the shadows . This makes it difficult for men , women , and children who are abused by women to be understood and receive help . There 's a kind of perverse and necessary equality in such recognition . In the aftermath of the Abu Ghraib scandal , Barbara Ehrenreich reflected on what Lynndie England 's crimes mean for feminists , and how the evidence of their misconduct , particularly in wide circulation , represented a kind of “ loss of innocence ” for women surrounding violence . The reconceptualization of domestic violence that takes stock of women 's acts requires giving up romantic ideas of woman-partner-mother-sister ( namely white women ) as a uniformly innocent figure ; a source of safety and care who is incapable of monstrous acts and cruelty outside of profound illness .
Still , the discomfort around the idea that women might be violent and men may need scarce resources as victims is , in many ways , an understandable reaction in light of the rates of violence that men commit . The failure to treat domestic violence and sexual harassment with the seriousness it deserves only makes matters worse . Nevertheless , a fair share of the limited attention to intimate partner violence against men has been generated by anti-feminist men 's rights advocates . This makes it all the more important to see a growing number of feminist-identified men 's organizations such as Men Can Stop Rape and CONNECT , doing work to reach out to men in an effort to create spaces for rethinking masculinities and reducing violence . Another piece in this puzzle is to better address domestic violence in its many forms . And doing so does n't mean a zero-sum gain for women .
__________________________________________
Jennifer Gaboury is the Associate Director of the Women and Gender Studies Program at Hunter College whose work currently focuses on the relationship between rethinking masculinities and feminism . They are proud to be currently serving as the chair of the Board of the Center for Gay and Lesbian Studies ( CLAGS ) .
Spring is here , time for baseball games and real estate deals . At least that 's the conventional wisdom : March and April offer a sure window to sell your home at a good price .
But hang on . The number crunchers at Zillow have a different strategy : delay listing your home in order to capitalize on the seasonal buyer frenzy . In Santa Clara County , they suggest , the first two weeks of June are the most profitable window for sellers — who could reap a 1.7 percent boost above the average listing , typically translating to a $ 16,300 premium . In Alameda County , waiting until the last two weeks of May could bring a 1.9 percent boost , translating to $ 13,400 .
“ Come late May or early June , people are starting to get a little more desperate and there are more buyers who are more willing to spend more money , ” said Zillow chief economist Svenja Gudell , offering their theory for the behavior behind the numbers . “ They 're saying , ‘ I need to get my kids settled , school 's starting soon . ' You 're getting buyers who are more motivated to lock in that home . ”
The data , they said , indicates that sales will be speedier , too : on average half a day faster in Santa Clara County and five days faster in Alameda County . Zillow arrived at its findings after analyzing national sales for 2008-2015 — more than 20,000,000 transactions , looking at the price and time on market for each home . Still , some agents just do n't buy it , touting their own experience and intimate knowledge of local markets .
Zillow 's predictions “ do n't even apply ” in Silicon Valley , particularly in those areas with top school districts , said Alain Pinel Realtors ' Mark Wong , based in Saratoga . “ There 's a lack of inventory . People want to buy , and every day people are buying and selling . You ca n't time it . The real estate market ca n't be timed . ”
The Bay Area , in particular , is so hot that weekly variations may not be a big factor . “ Given the climate of the market , pretty much any time is the right time , ” said Jennifer Branchini , former president of the East Bay Association of Realtors . They ticked off details of recent sales in Pleasanton and Pacheco , each highly competitive with multiple bids .
Gudell acknowledged that the Bay Area 's super-tight inventory , combined with the increasing demand for homes brought on by job growth in tech , means that “ you 're selling pretty quickly no matter when you 're selling . Homes are just getting snapped up . But still , if you 're getting that 1.7 percent boost in Santa Clara County by waiting until June , it can make quite a big difference . ”
Caveat emptor : Zillow 's analysis — based on the sale of single family homes , condos , co-ops and townhouses — is n't just informational .
It is accompanied by the company 's launch of a “ Best Time to List ” tool , a promotional effort to help owners figure out when their homes will sell fastest and at the best price . Taken nationally , the company claims , homes that list in the first two weeks of May will sell around 18.5 days faster and for 1 percent more than the typical listing at any other time of year .
Market by market , there are significant variations , of course .
Zillow sets the prime window for San Mateo County in the last two weeks of April , predicting a 1.5 percent sales boost ( translating to $ 15,000 ) , though the sale will be half a day slower than average . Contra Costa County sellers should wait until the last two weeks of May , according to Zillow 's analysts , who predict a 2.1 percent sales boost there ( translating to $ 10,800 ) and a faster deal — 3.8 days faster than average .
While it 's true that the Bay Area market has become less seasonal overall , listing a home in late May in the suburban East Bay “ makes sense , ” said Branchini . “ In Pleasanton , Danville and all over the Tri-Valley area , it tends to be very family oriented . The majority of people are looking to buy after school gets out and they want to move in before school begins . They want to avoid the disruption for the kids . ”
Mulling over Zillow 's findings about the best time to list in their market , they added , “ If we crunched the data based on our own numbers from the MLS , I think we would find the same thing . ”
But in the South Bay , Wong disagreed with Zillow 's call to list in the first half of June . They stick by the conventional wisdom of spring sales .
“ The best time in our area is really April or May , ” they said . “ June is really tight . Because you need several weeks to put the house on the market . There may be delays and maybe you 're planning to go on vacation in July . It gets very close to when school starts and you do n't want to shuffle the kids around . ”
Having raised their two children in the San Jose neighborhood near Lynbrook High School , Paul and Ruby Callary — Wong 's clients — have decided to downsize . After 27 years in their four-bedroom , two-bath house , which they bought in 1989 for $ 350,000 , they listed it Wednesday for $ 1.495 million .
“ It 's the right time , ” Paul said . “ People want to move in and out of our neighborhood in conjunction with the school year. ” An open house was planned for the weekend , they noted , “ and from what we understand about this neighborhood , the house will sell extremely rapidly , perhaps for cash . ”
Still , every expert has their or their own strategy for selling .
“ If real estate agents had a magic wand , we 'd have sellers list their homes in the first two weeks of March , ” said broker Wendy McPherson , who manages three Coldwell Banker offices on the Peninsula . “ Because the buyers are all out at the end of February , when there 's no inventory and they 're the most hungry . ”
And what 's the advice for buyers ? “ If you want to be a smart buyer and time the market , go looking in December and find a house that 's been on for a long time . Those are the people you can negotiate with a little . Those people really want to sell , ” they said .
Contact Richard Scheinin at 408-920-5069 , read their stories at www.mercurynews.com/richard-scheinin and follow them at Twitter.com/RealEstateRag
June 13 , 2012 12:38 IST
A cleric in Pakistan 's Punjab province has warned that a jihad would be launched against polio vaccination teams at a time when the World Health
Organisation has expressed concern at the emergence of new cases of the disease across the country .
Maulvi Ibrahim Chisti of Muzaffargarh district declared the anti-polio campaign as `` un-Islamic '' and announced at the local mosque that jihad ( holy war ) should be carried out against the polio vaccination team . They made the remarks after finding out that a vaccination team had entered Khan Pur Bagga Sher area of Muzaffargarh and asked families to cooperate with the campaign .
The cleric went to the largest mosque in the area and declared that polio drops were `` poison '' and against Islam , The Express Tribune reported . They warned that if the vaccination team forced anyone to participate in the campaign , then jihad was `` the only option '' .
As a result , the polio team returned to Muzaffargarh city without carrying out any immunisation and reported the matter to senior officials . A police inquiry was ordered and a raid was conducted in the cleric 's area . However , Chisti escaped by the time the police arrived .
Residents said the cleric had tried to convince them that the polio campaign was a `` Western conspiracy '' to render the population impotent . After the police raid , the vaccination team returned to the area to implement the immunisation campaign .
The WHO recently expressed concern over a spike in polio cases across Pakistan , particularly the country 's restive northwestern tribal region , where around 1,50,000 children have reportedly not been immunised .
According to cases recorded by the National Institute of Health , the total number of polio cases reported this year is at least 21 . Eight cases were detected in the Khyber tribal region .
From the bruises on their body , it was clear Fannie Taylor had been beaten .
The story they told to explain them away destroyed an all-black town in Florida and got several of its residents murdered .
On New Year 's Day 1923 , Taylor , then the 22-year-old wife of a mill worker , said a black man had assaulted them They did n't say rape , only that she 'd been assaulted , but the word “ assault ” was interpreted as a sexual violation by the whites in their town of Sumner , Fla .
» The AJC 's Black History Month page
Sumner was just a few miles from Rosewood , an all-black town of about 120 that had seen its own version of “ white flight ” after industry left Rosewood and whites moved to Sumner .
As word of Taylor 's claim spread , some black people in Rosewood who worked in Sumner said the assailant had actually been Taylor 's lover and their story was a cover to spare their husband 's wrath , said Maxine Jones , a Florida State University professor of African-American history , who co-authored an account of the massacre for the Florida Legislature in 1993 .
While the fear of black-on-white violence had been stoked across the South since the days of slavery , particularly in areas where blacks outnumbered whites , Taylor 's claim was especially pernicious .
Taylor 's claim came within days of a Ku Klux Klan rally near Gainesville , just to the north of Levy County . With tensions high , their words set in motion six days of violence in which whites from Sumner and neighboring towns and counties descended on Rosewood , intent on finding the alleged assailant and lynching him .
They were met by gunfire from Rosewood residents who 'd gotten word of the mob 's approach and had barricaded themselves in their homes to make a stand .
Women and children fled to the woods for safety and waited for days in the cold before local train conductors alerted to the violence sent a train to rescue them . Some nearby white families hid their black neighbors to protect them .
The house of a black resident of Rosewood goes up in flames during a massacre by a white mob in 1923 . ( Florida Memory ) Photo : The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
By Jan. 6 , with the town empty and six black people and two whites dead , the mob burned down what remained of the town . The black residents of Rosewood scattered , abandoning their property , never to return . No one was ever arrested in the case .
Jones , of FSU , and five colleagues wrote the account of the incident in support of a lawsuit against the state of Florida by some of the survivors who had been children at the time . Because of fear , the massacre had “ remained a family secret for years , ” Jones said . “ Not knowing who you could trust and believing people with white skin could get back at you . ”
But one Rosewood descendent , Arnett Doctor , finally decided to speak out and seek redress . Based on their account and those of surviving eyewitnesses and the Jones report , the Florida Legislature approved a $ 2.1 million settlement in 1994 . The governor also issued an apology on behalf of the state for not bringing perpetrators of the destruction to justice , nor sending officials to quell the violence and rescue the innocent .
Three years later the massacre was depicted in the film , “ Rosewood . ”
Celebrate Black History Month
Throughout February , we 'll spotlight a different African-American pioneer in the daily Living section Monday through Thursday and Saturday , and in the Metro section on Fridays and Sundays . Go to myAJC.com/black-history-month for more subscriber exclusives on people , places and organizations that have changed the world , and to see videos on the African-American pioneer featured here each day .
The NHL has a lot of experience with expansion so there are plenty of cautionary examples to make sure Vegas does n't make the same mistakes as some of its predecessors .
Dear Vegas Golden Knights ,
Welcome to the NHL . We 've known you were coming for a while now , and you still do n't have any actual players . But as of Tuesday , you finally have a name and a logo . It 's a big step for you . This all feels real now .
Now , do n't screw it up .
Well , do n't screw it up any more . You 're already off to a rough start with that whole video fiasco . Just try not to make it any worse .
Sorry if that sounds harsh , but this is the NHL . Our track record with expansion teams has been , shall we say , hit and miss . But the good news is that means there are plenty of cautionary examples we can point to over the past few decades to help you out . So today , let 's dig into the history books and come up with five key pieces of advice for the NHL 's newest member , based on those that have gone before .
1 . Double-check that you 've got the money
While the Knights have been formally granted a team , they have n't technically made their final payment to the league . That comes early next year , and should be a formality . After all , what kind of expansion team would agree to join the NHL before it knew it had its finances sorted out ?
Well , about that . As it turns out , the league has a history of expansion teams failing to come up with the cash they 'd promised . It happened back in 1952 , when the Original Six era NHL agreed to add a seventh team . That was supposed to be the Cleveland Barons , who 'd move up from the AHL . They just needed to come up with the money , reported at the time to be about half a million dollars . They never did , the NHL rescinded its offer , and the NHL did n't expand for real for another 15 years .
History repeated itself in 1974 , when the NHL awarded a team to Seattle for the 1976-77 season . But the ownership group spent the next year missing payment deadlines , and by the 1975 offseason the league had had enough . They pulled the plug , and we 're still talking about Seattle expansion over four decades later .
So be careful , Golden Knights . Not that anyone 's ever made any bad decisions with their cash in Las Vegas , but remember : The NHL loves its expansion teams… right up until they miss a payment or two .
2 . Pay attention to small details
Las Vegas already has a management group in place , and there 's no doubt they 're hard at work preparing for their first off-season . Let 's run through a few tips . Do your homework on the expansion draft . Do plenty of amateur scouting for the entry draft . And if the league starts trying to make major decisions with a borrowed roulette wheel , have someone double-check the results .
That last one may seem oddly specific , but it came up in 1970 when the Sabres and Canucks joined the fold . The league needed a way to determine which team would get the first overall pick in that year 's draft , one that featured blue chip prospect Gilbert Perreault . Sure , they could have flipped a coin or drawn lots , but that would have been too easy . Instead , the NHL opted for a wheel .
Yes , the league decided that the best way to determine the owner of the top pick would be to have Clarence Campbell spin a giant novelty wheel . They found one that had 13 spots , and assigned the Canucks the numbers 1 through 6 and the Sabres 8 through 13 . ( The number 7 was n't assigned because the wheel had an odd number of spaces , because again , none of this was really thought through all that well . )
When Campbell spun the wheel , they announced that it had landed on the number 1 and the Canucks had won . Only later did Sabres coach Punch Imlach realize that Campbell had misread the wheel , which had actually stopped on number 11 . The results were reversed , the Sabres got the top pick , and Perreault went on to a Hall of Fame career in Buffalo .
3 . Maybe double-check that expansion list
The expansion draft is probably the most exciting day of the year for a brand-new team . You get to pick your first players , establish an identity , and begin the long road toward building a contender .
So , uh , maybe make sure you know the rules . And have a list of players you 're allowed to take . And also – and this one is important – have somebody update the list as you go .
The Ottawa Senators struggled with some of those points when they had their chance to draft back in 1992 . As the story goes , they apparently arrived at the draft with all of their player notes stored on a laptop computer . But the battery was dead , and nobody had thought to bring replacement or a power cord .
That led to plenty of confusion , and was part of the reason why the Senators spent much of the draft trying to pick players who were n't eligible . Twice , they tried to make selections from teams that had already lost the maximum number of players . Later , they also tried to take a guy who was n't even on the eligible players list in the first place .
One bit of good news : The Senators did n't draft any dead guys . That 's become a bit of an NHL urban legend , but it never happened ; sports fans are mixing up their memories of the Ottawa Rough Riders of the CFL . As bad as their expansion draft went , the Senators day did n't include any deaths . Well , other than a laptop battery .
4 . Do n't get too clever with those expansion draft deals
One of the cool things about being an expansion team is that you 'll get approached with all sorts of trade offers – even before you have any actual players . That 's because other teams will be worried about who you might take in the expansion draft , and will offer you side deals to keep you away from certain names .
Sometimes these deals work out great . For example , there 's the infamous Not Mike Craig transaction between the expansion San Jose Sharks and the Minnesota North Stars . That was a complicated situation , one that also involved a partial split of the North Stars franchise , a dispersal draft , and a weird double expansion draft in which Minnesota was picking players even though they were n't an expansion team . It was weird .
But as part of the whole thing , the North Stars wanted to hold onto Craig , a top prospect who 'd played half an NHL season . So they sent the Sharks a first and second rounder in exchange for not calling Craig 's name . That was a nice haul in its own right , but it set off a ridiculous two-decade long series of transactions that netted the Sharks players like Sandis Ozolinsh , Owen Nolan , Joe Thornton , Dan Boyle and many others . That 's good , Vegas . Do that if you can .
Then again , those sorts of deals do n't always work out so well . In 2000 , those same Sharks had a prospect of their own they wanted to protect . So they paid off that year 's two expansion teams to leave them alone . It was n't anywhere near as expensive – the Sharks gave Jan Calhoun , a ninth and a conditional pick to the Blue Jackets , and Andy Sutton , a third and a seventh to the Wild . The two expansion cousins took the offers , and left the kid 's name off their draft lists .
That prospect ? Goalie Evgeni Nabokov , who 'd win the Calder as rookie of the year the next season and go on to post five top-five Vezina seasons over the next decade . Hindsight is 20/20 , but they probably would have helped the Blue Jackets more than a ninth-round pick .
5 . Take your celebrations where you can get them
Finally , we 'll close with some honesty . Golden Knights , you 're probably not going to be very good .
At least not at first . And that 's OK – you 're all about the long-term at this point . But those first few seasons can be pretty rough , and you 'll want to take advantage of any opportunity to enjoy yourself a bit .
We can learn that lesson form the 1974-75 Capitals , a team that stands as quite literally the worst of all-time . They finished 8-67-5 , good for 21 points , the worst points percentage ever recorded . And they opened the season by losing 37 straight road games .
The streak finally ended on March 28 , 1975 , when the Capitals went into Oakland and beat the California Golden Seals . And when it was over , the Caps celebrated by passing a garbage can from player-to-player , Stanley Cup style .
It may have been the saddest celebration in hockey history . But hey , when you 're an expansion team , you take what you can get .
So there you have it , Golden Knights . Garbage cans , laptop batteries and roulette wheels . Master those key points , and the rest of your expansion journey should be easy .
Sean McIndoe has been writing about the NHL since 2008 , most recently for ESPN and Grantland . They spend most of their time making jokes on Twitter , where you may know them as @ downgoesbrown . They appear weekly on TheHockeyNews.com .
This message is not intended solely for white pet owners . There are a few black pet owners who do this , too . Do n't act like you do n't know who you are . We see you , too .
Hey , Chauncey !
I 'm sorry about the frown , but it 's just weird for me when white people name their pets human names like Alexander or Guinevere—not even Gwen , but the whole-ass Guinevere ! Whatever happened to names like “ Fido ” or “ Mr . Wiggles ” ? Expecting me to use all those syllables when I 'm talking to a dog is white privilege . Black people get two syllables , that 's it . Your people should do the same !
Advertisement
Anyway , we thought we needed to have a talk with y'all because , on numerous occasions , we 've tried to have this chat with your owners and it always fails . We figured that you guys could bark some sense into their heads , since they act as if they can understand you more than they do us .
Basically , what we want to say is : Y'all need to chill .
Lately , we have noticed you walking around and chilling in places that you should n't be . At first , it was riding around in cars . We used to assume that when a dog was in a car , it was on the way to the veterinarian or headed to the dog park . But then we 'd see you waiting in the car at the grocery store , and we wondered what the fuck was going on . “ OK , they must 've stopped to pick up some Gravy Train on the way home from the vet , ” we thought .
Advertisement
We were wrong .
Then they started bringing you guys inside the store , and we were like , “ Really , wypipo ? Is that necessary ? ” Look , I own a 165-pound Great Dane , and I do n't even take them to the pet store . It 's not like he 's going to pick out anything . When I bring a chew toy home , they have never complained , “ A rubber duck , nigga ? I was hoping for a bone . ”
But we remained polite and did n't say anything , even though we noticed it happening more and more . I 'm sure you know how white people are : Give them an inch and they 'll take a yard ... and then they 'll let their puppy shit in that yard .
Advertisement
Now you guys are everywhere . I see you in malls , at the dry cleaners and—I swear this is true—at church . That 's right . There are churches that have pet services ! What the fuck , man ? I know Jesus is up there watching and shaking their head thinking , “ Hey , Daddy , come look at this ! They 're taking the ‘ All dogs go to heaven ' too literally ! ' ”
But the final straw was when they started bringing you guys into restaurants . Now , I know white people are predisposed to not respecting boundaries , but restaurants are a tad bit outside the limits . That 's just nasty . I understand that they do n't see a problem with it , but we , the nonwhite people of the world , get the heebie-jeebies just thinking about eating a 2-for- $ 20 appetizer at Applebee 's with a fork that was previously licked by a St. Bernard . Ugh !
That 's why we shake our heads when we see a Caucasian fellow traveler who bought a first-class plane ticket for their or their Labradoodle . Dogs do n't need a vacation , my G ! No , I 'm not gon na say the whole “ Guinevere. ” I 'm a grown-ass man . And human .
Advertisement
It 's not like we do n't value your “ people ” ; it 's that we think there are certain places you do n't belong . Those places are called “ everywhere but home. ” If you ca n't shit in a place without causing a commotion , you should n't be there . Black people love pets , too , just not as much as white people . We have a saying among ourselves : “ White people love dogs . Black people love their dogs . ”
Historically , dogs were used to hunt fugitive slaves . The police sicced them on peaceful civil rights protesters . Lynch mobs always had a pack of dogs with them . Almost every black person grew up in a neighborhood that had a mean dog . So we do n't trust everyone 's animals .
Anything with teeth will bite . That 's called the “ Golden Retriever rule. ” Now you understand why people freak out about dogs on planes and why the lady cursed out restaurant patrons for bringing a dog into a food establishment .
Advertisement
They are n't being rude . The rude one was whoever brought a big-ass animal into a place where people eat animals . We should n't have to gaze into a canine anus when we 're eating our calamari . I 'm pretty sure that 's in the Bible . Ask your Sunday school teacher at church this week . I 'm sure it 's in the Bible .
I know you guys would probably rather stay at home , too . So why do n't you do that ? We will make an exception for real service animals , but we will need to see documentation . And not that bullshit orange vest , emotional-support dog bullshit , either . Your owner should be visually impaired , have post-traumatic stress disorder or some other ailment we can verify . You know what we use for emotional support ? People .
Advertisement
And this exception is only for dogs ! If you show up at the airport or TGI Fridays with a service rooster or teacup pig , we are going to have chicken and bacon . Otherwise , tell them to leave your ass at home .
We hope you 'll relay this message to your owners . From our research , we are aware that white America values fur over brown skin . We are cool with that , because , truthfully , the only reason we have n't started a real revolution in this country is that we ca n't figure out who 's going to take care of all the orphaned dogs .
Tell Rebecca and Chad we said , “ Hi . ”
Love ,
Black People
One candidate cause of Gulf War illness is vaccination against infectious diseases including medical counter-measures against biological weapons . One influential theory has suggested that such mass-vaccination caused a shift in immune response to a Type 2 cytokine pattern ( Th2 ) , which it was suggested was accompanied by a chronic fatigue syndrome-like illness . This article critically appraises this theory . We start by examining epidemiological evidence , which indicates that single vaccines are unlikely to be a substantial cause of Gulf War illness , but that there was a modest relationship with multiple vaccines , which was strongest in those vaccinated while deployed to the Gulf . These relationships may be affected by recall bias . We conclude by examining the results of immunological studies carried out in veterans or in a relevant setting in vitro . The balance of evidence from immunological studies on veterans returning from the War , including those developing multi-symptom illness , is that the immune response has not become polarized towards Th2 . In summary , the epidemiological evidence for a multiple vaccine effect on Gulf War-related illness remains a potentially important aetiological lead , but mechanistic studies available at this stage do not identify any immunological basis for it .
All democrats MUST DIE ! JACKSONVILLE , Fla. ( AP ) — Former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown could spend the rest of their life in prison after being found guilty of taking money from a charity that was purported to be giving scholarships to poor students.The Thursday verdict came after prosecutors outlined a pattern of fraud by Brown , 70 , and their top aide that included using hundreds of thousands of dollars from the One Door for Education Foundation for lavish parties , trips and shopping excursions . They were convicted of 18 of the 22 charges against her , including lying on their taxes and on their congressional financial disclosure forms . `` Corrupt public officials undermine the integrity of our government and violate the public 's trust , and that is why investigating public corruption remains the FBI 's top criminal priority , '' FBI Jacksonville Division Special Agent in Charge Charles Spencer said in a statement.It was the final act in the downfall of Brown , who had represented the Florida district that included Jacksonville since 1993 . Brown , a Democrat , was one of the first three African Americans to be elected to Congress from Florida since Reconstruction.She watched the judge read each verdict in a silent courtroom with no visible reaction . They later left the courthouse holding onto the arm of a companion , surrounded by dozens of reporters . A few supporters shouted `` We love you Corrine ! '' and `` Keep the Faith ! '' as they silently made their way to a waiting car.Since their indictment last summer , they had been publicly defiant of the government 's charges , saying in a statement they were among black elected officials who have been `` persecuted . '' They had pleaded not guilty to all of the charges , including the fraud , but lost re-election last fall after their indictment.Key to the government 's conviction was the testimony of Brown 's former chief of staff , Elias `` Ronnie '' Simmons , and the charity 's president , Carla Wiley . Both pleaded guilty after their federal indictments for misusing the charity 's funds , and testified against Brown.Federal prosecutors said Brown and their associates used One Door to bring in more than $ 800,000 between 2012 and 2016 , including a high-profile golf tournament at TPC Sawgrass . Brown 's indictment said the Virginia-based One Door only gave out one scholarship for $ 1,200 to an unidentified person in Florida.Simmons said Brown ordered them to take cash and checks from One Door 's account . On dozens of occasions , Simmons said they were told to take out of One Door 's account the maximum $ 800 from an ATM near their house and deposit hundreds of it in Brown 's personal account . Sometimes they kept some for himself.Brown testified in their own defense , saying they were left in the dark about the goings-on with One Door 's money , and blamed the theft on Simmons.Brown said they left those details to Simmons and other hired staffers , and said they should have paid more attention to their personal and professional finances.Her attorney , James Smith , said they plan to file a motion for a new trial and said Brown respects the American judicial system and the jury 's verdict , even though they disagree with it . `` She 's strong and fighting for their innocence , '' Smith said outside the courthouse . `` And they will continue to do that . `` The judge did not set a date for Brown 's sentencing , which could include many years of jail time .
Greg Tate published their first book , a collection of essays titled “ Flyboy in the Buttermilk , ” in 1992 . It drew from their work at the Village Voice , where they had initially been hired , in the late eighties , to help the alternative weekly cover black music . As they would wryly note years later , the opportunity was born of the paper 's unusual belief that “ Afro-diasporic musics should on occasion be covered by people who were n't strangers to those communities. ” At the Voice , Tate became known for the slangy erudition they brought to bear on a range of topics , not just hip-hop and jazz but also science fiction , literary theory , movies , city politics , and police brutality . Their best paragraphs throbbed like a party and chattered like a salon ; they were stylishly jam-packed with names and reference points that should n't have got along but did , a trans-everything collision of pop stars , filmmakers , subterranean graffiti artists , Ivory Tower theorists , and Tate 's personal buddies , who often came across as the wisest of the bunch .
By the time I learned about “ Flyboy , ” it was out of print . A friend lent it to me , and , for the first time in years , I contemplated theft . Most critics can recall the encounters with art that left them so entranced that—motivated by mystery , ecstasy , or something in between—they felt compelled to reckon with the experience through writing . And most critics can also recall the critical essays that convinced them that this form of writing could be as exhilarating as art . When I first read Tate , I had cycled through a few of the more obvious approaches to cultural criticism , from the twisty and gonzo to the arch and obscurantist . But , reading Tate , I was drawn to their sense of otherness ; they wrote from a perspective that felt both inside and outside . The possibilities of that perspective struck me when I got to the piece in “ Flyboy ” about Don DeLillo . Tate admires DeLillo , but , in the essay , they muse playfully on the vast literary terrain available to the alienated white male writer .
For a generation of critics , Tate 's career has served as a reminder that diversity is n't just about a splash of color in the group photo ; it 's about the different ways that people see , feel , and move within the world . These differences can be imperceptible , depending on where your eye lingers as you scan the newsroom . What made Tate 's criticism special was their ability to theorize outward from their encounters with genius and their brushes with banality—to telescope between moments of artistic inspiration and the giant structures within which those moments were produced . “ Flyboy 2 , ” published earlier this month by Duke University Press , largely consists , like its predecessor , of critical essays , interviews , profiles , and short riffs . But , a quarter of a century on , the question animating their work has come into sharper focus . What he 's been exploring through their criticism has been something “ less quantifiable , ” as they put it , than culture , identity , or consciousness . What Tate wants to understand is “ the way Black people ‘ think , ' mentally , emotionally , physically , ” and “ how those ways of thinking and being informed our artistic choices . ”
In “ Flyboy 2 , ” Tate 's excursions into this territory are more collaborative than they were in their earlier criticism . This becomes most explicit in a conversation with the late composer and bandleader Butch Morris , famous for “ conducting ” large , improvised jazz ensembles . The two discuss collective creativity , and Tate wonders aloud , “ Are we talking chaos or democracy here ? ” The question resonates with their own approach to writing . He 's always allowed themselves to come across as wide-eyed , mystified , and curious during their interviews ; in so doing , they have elicited unusually insightful commentary from their interlocutors . A 1990 conversation with Ice Cube , who was then at the height of their powers , lays bare hip-hop 's theatricality , its blockbuster instinct for performance and play . ( When Tate asks what responsibility Cube has to their audience , the rapper says , “ My only responsibility is making funky records. ” But Tate presses him , calling them out for their contradictions and trying to convince them of their power . ) A mid-nineties interview with the trumpeter Wynton Marsalis turns on the tension between jazz 's old-school interest in virtuosity and the coarser rebellion of the hip-hop generation . “ When this fad is gone , it 's gon na be back to the blues , ” Marsalis says , “ always has been and always will be. ” But Tate , again , pushes back , pointing out the “ tone and texture ” of rap , the “ soulful properties ” that guide sampling . Eventually , Marsalis budges , ever so slightly .
Both of these pieces , among the oldest in the collection , help to establish jazz and hip-hop as part of the same continuum of expression—and they help ground Tate 's contention that black art is a centuries-long strategy for “ erasing the erasure. ” Drawing such connections across time and space is crucial for Tate . In successive paragraphs on the artist Kara Walker , Tate compares them to Art Spiegelman and then to Michael Jordan . The grace and mutant flexibility of the dancer Storyboard P calls to their mind the minimalist composer Terry Riley . Elsewhere , Tate draws on conversations with a friend to trace an improbable musical lineage . “ My buddy Craig Street and I used to joke that the only people we knew who liked Joni Mitchell were Black people , ” they write , before positing that their style anticipated hip-hop . In another essay , about the painter Kehinde Wiley , famed for rendering young black and brown men in the hyper-naturalistic style of heroic portraiture , Tate writes :
Black masculinity is already context . Already a fiction and an ethnographic narrative . Already the shortest distance between two points and the hypotenuse of a square . Already a moonshot , a roll of the dice , the luck of the draw , the pick of the litter . Last hired , first fired , only standing president to be called out by their name like so ; ‘ uppity tar baby . ' Rich nigra , poor nigra , White House-ensconced nigra still just a nigra .
Tate 's perspective feels especially vital when they write about an artist like Wiley , who inherited hip-hop 's disdain for masters and then turned it into something else . In contrast , Tate 's own relationship to hip-hop has become more distant , as the music and the business around it have become inextricable . People should hate Eminem , Tate writes in a 2004 essay , not because he 's white but “ because they get paid by the industry to be whimsical and personal ” —freedom that is rarely extended to rappers who are n't white . Tate constantly maintains an awareness of the ways that even the most intimate and ephemeral creations can be monetized : a particular attitude , a way of standing . Tate has a keen sense for the way that both artists and communities discern where they fit in the world , and what is expected of them , and then either go along for the ride or carefully plot their escapes . This is why their obituaries for Amiri Baraka , Richard Pryor , and Michael Jackson , all collected in “ Flyboy 2 , ” radiate such an acute sympathy .
The pieces in the new book cluster around the early aughts , and then there 's a bit of a gap until the twenty-tens . This in-between period was when I first met Tate . They had agreed to talk to me about a piece I was writing on the Black Rock Coalition , an organization they co-founded in the eighties . Every now and then , I would see them around Manhattan or Brooklyn . They were making music—he had started a free-jazz big band inspired by Sun Ra and Parliament-Funkadelic called Burnt Sugar . They played a little guitar , but their main job was conducting all the loose energies onstage , the way Butch Morris used to do . I remember going to a few shows just after 9/11 and finding comfort in this weird , futuristic , improvised America . At these performances , there were singers , horns , a cello , and more guitars than seemed strictly necessary . I remember turntables and drums , too , and Vijay Iyer , a future MacArthur genius , on piano . Was it chaos or democracy ? At the center of the stage , dressed in a white suit , there was the critic , making art with their hands .
PSP Go is the talk of E3 opening
Leaked images of a new Sony PSP console A new version of Sony 's PlayStation Portable games console is expected to be launched at the E3 video games show . Video and photos of the PSP Go have been leaked online , revealing a smaller , more lightweight console that has dropped the failed UMD disk format . There have also been reports that Sony will announce a re-designed , slimmer PlayStation 3 but BBC News understands this will not be launched at E3 . The new PS3 model will be out later this year , BBC News understands . Microsoft will kick-start proceedings at E3 in Los Angeles with a press conference on Monday , at which the company is expected to showcase a raft of new features for its online games and content service , Xbox Live . The PSP Go is said to be smaller and lighter than the current PSP models There have been reports that Microsoft will show off a new controller that uses many of the same features as Nintendo 's Wiimote , as the company tries to broaden the appeal of its console to non-gamers . Sony is expected to unveil the PSP Go on Tuesday , following a number of high-profile leaks of announcements to come out of the firm in the last few weeks . The most recent , about the PSP Go , came after an official video showcasing the new device was mistakenly posted to a Sony website before being hurriedly pulled . In the video , Sony 's John Koller said : `` It 's a 3.8-inch screen , it 's 43 % lighter than the PSP-3000 , 16 gigs flash memory , Bluetooth support and all digital content so the UMD drive goes away . `` So it 's going to be something a lot of consumers like - download straight to a hard drive . '' A spokesperson for Sony would not confirm the launch of the PSP Go but said any announcements would be given on Tuesday . Industry leader Nintendo is expected to focus on new software for its popular Wii console . It is also likely to announce the availability of its Wii Motion Plus device , which adds greater sensitivity and control to its controllers , along with games that support the add-on . Nintendo needs a big show after last year 's announcements were criticised for being lack lustre , and recent evidence of a slow down in sales of its Wii console . Analyst Mike Hickey , of Janco Partners , told the AFP news agency : `` Nintendo needs something ; everyone is saying that . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Going Out to Eat Before/After the Internet
The Internet is supposed to make our lives easier . From connecting us with everyone on the planet to looking up the answer to almost any question , there 's really nothing the Internet ca n't do .
So , why , then , did life seem simpler before the Internet ? Little things like making plans to go out to eat before the Internet arrived seemed simple . You call your friends , you go somewhere , you laugh , then you go home . No one had to have the greatest meal of their life . You just went to the restaurant you always went to , or you tried the new restaurant , and that was that . If it was good , it was good . If it was bad , oh well .
Now , every meal-based decision needs to be planned and analyzed to the tenth degree . You ca n't just go out and eat some food . You have to make sure you 're having the right food . The restaurant has to be researched and cross-referenced and hyped up to the point that no meal can live up to . And that 's not even getting into the social media hyper-focus that 's dominated every single second of our lives .
In order to drive the point home as to how our lives pre- and post-Internet have changed , we put together this helpful graphic . Enjoy .
`` It 's going great ; we 're all perspiring quite a lot now . We 're wondering if Lord March would n't mind putting it back by a week '' , says Les Edgar about , where hiswill finally be unveiled . Remember that 's just four years after they
Edgar 's laughing , but the resurrection of TVR from its Smolensky/Blackpool ashes has been quite a journey . The new car arrives on the scene 70 years after TVR was formed , and the marque has been through its fair share of turbulence , with low sales and bankruptcy in the 60s , and poor build quality and the arrival of the Porsche Boxster to steal sales in the 90s/2000s .
Not long now until their creation will be shown ! Not long now until their creation will be shown !
Still , Edgar , a former gaming entrepreneur , and lover of Aston Martin and Le Mans , has formed quite a team around him , withas Operations Director and Gordon Murray , who has designed and engineered the new model using their iStream manufacturing process at their Surrey HQ .
How does one breathe new life into a brand that has such a strong historic identity , protecting the DNA of TVR while resolving all the weaknesses , and keeping loyal customers happy while attracting a new audience ? What on earth does TVR stand for these days ?
`` What other brand is there that is so iconic , really stirs the emotions ? '' retorts Edgar . `` 'British muscle car ' says it all . It 's a bit bonkers , I love the whole anti-establishment nature of it . We 've used a line that predates us : 'The Spirit of Driving ' , and that sums it up for me ... We wanted to get back to what the spirit of driving is all about . This is man/woman and machine ( not all three at the same time ) together .
`` It 's also the Britishness , the underdog nature of TVR ; it 's a thing that attracted me to Astons ... but I see it very much as the everyman supercar , so we 're trying to hold onto that notion that that 's what TVR stands for . ''
Side-exit exhaust , flat floor , V8 ... Side-exit exhaust , flat floor , V8 ...
The team has n't strayed from the basics of a Cosworth 5.0-litre V8 up front , rear-wheel drive and six-speed manual box . It is , Edgar tells me , a `` very , very loud '' car . The performance figures released so far are a top speed of 200mph , 0-60mph in less than four seconds , weight of 1,200kg and a power-to-weight ratio of 400hp per tonne .
`` If you look at TVR 's history since 1947 , the cars look very , very different , through the wedge shapes in the 80s , the more organic shapes in the 90s and Noughties ; we 're not shackled by the same thing more traditional manufacturers are '' , says Edgar .
`` Even looking at Porsche , who tried to kill the 911 off with the 928 ; they realised that was a bad mistake , then they tried to supplement a dying business by bringing in the Boxster and the Cayman , but they still sold more 911s . They have to build cars that look like 911s ; we do n't have to do that . '' Edgar hints at many iterations to come : an SUV or electric TVR then ? They laugh : `` Yeah , that 's it '' . That 'll be a no , then .
`` We all know that the modern sports car ca n't survive in the way that previous TVRs survived '' , they say . `` The company could n't have survived if it had continued in that way ; you have to be building a modern car that has broader appeal , there 's no question about that . We have to have volumes that enable us to survive through the next 20 years so therefore you ca n't be completely outrageous with every car , but we fully intend to surprise people with the offering that we produce and each iteration of that . ''
... and a manual gearbox - hurrah ! ... and a manual gearbox - hurrah !
Alongside the road car , there 's a development schedule in place for a race car `` for a single-make series , which we hope to bring back : TVR pretty much was the forerunner of all the one-make series with the Tuscan Challenge . We 're going to bring that back , so I hope to see our equivalent of the modern Tuscan Challenge at Goodwood in the not-too-distant future . ''
There 's also the imminent return of TVR to the GT Pro grid at Le Mans , probably next year : `` We said before that it seems crazy that you 'd be a high-performance sports car manufacturer without proving it and for me , having spent the last 32 years going to Le Mans , that 's the ultimate test '' , confirms Edgar . The new car has been designed with the widest possible track for Le Mans , and Edgar has been in discussions with the ACO for some months now .
Another man excited at the prospect of TVR racing again is Gordon Murray . `` I think [ Edgar and Chasey ] are trying to grow the TVR brand seeds and bring them up to date , and one of those seeds was always racing , whether it was a one-make series or Le Mans ; it was always part of TVR 's make-up . My company is full of ex-racers , so that 's another attraction for us . ''
Edgar approached Gordon Murray Design to be the TVR engineering partner back in 2014 , soon after Edgar took the company off Nikolai Smolensky 's hands ( which in turn was shortly after a small boy kicked Smolensky in the shins on a London street , yelling `` You killed TVR '' , an incident which Edgar says helped persuade Smolensky to part with the company at a loss . )
`` Les and John were looking round the UK for potential engineering partners and we were interviewed '' , remembers Murray . `` They came back and chose us and within that choice was the iStream manufacturing system .
Torsional rigidity said to be up hugely Torsional rigidity said to be up hugely
`` We were a little bit hesitant because iStream is a manufacturing system with structural composites - that 's for higher volume . There are plenty of expensive ways of making cars at lower volume in composites but for the sort of price point they were looking at that was not going to be possible , and for the volumes they were looking at .
`` There 's an uncomfortable volume with material choice , where if you 're making a few hundred cars a year , certain methodologies are quite acceptable , but if you 're making hundreds of thousands cars a year you have to use different technology and one of our reservations was we did n't know whether iStream would go that low in volume , would downscale , but we had an internal study and decided that it would .
`` The compelling case for us was : this is a great British brand and a British sports car and an exciting programme , and it was something the company wanted to get involved with . ''
Sighs of relief all round , one imagines . Thanks to Gordon Murray 's innovative manufacturing process , TVR customers will be able to choose both the chassis and body materials for their cars . `` They choose the fundamental architecture materials which is either iStream Carbon [ multi-tubular frame with steel components and carbon-fibre bonded panels ] or iStream 3 [ which replaces the steel tubes with aluminium sections ] , then they also have the choice of body materials , because with iStream the body is not structural , unlike all the cars that you and I drive '' , explains Murray .
Wonder what it will be called ? Wonder what it will be called ?
All of which is great , but what of the biggest problems the brand faced latterly : build quality and reliability ? How TVR has addressed quality issues is , says Edgar , the second most asked question after `` what 's the name ? '' of the new model .
`` Of course you ca n't build a sports car these days without it having fantastic quality and reliability so our strategy on that front has been the iStream process , which lends itself to producing inherently very high quality construction '' , says Edgar . `` It 's very , very torsionally rigid , for example , so the thing 's not going to be shaking itself to bits as you drive down a bumpy road . Typically it 's probably seven to 10 times more torsionally rigid than any other TVR .
`` [ As for ] reliability - the ethos is to take proven components where possible and bespoke them for TVR , which is why we 've gone for a Ford base engine and then given it Cosworth to sprinkle the magic on it to make it special . ''
The car is shorn of electronic driver aids , to cut weight and cost , but also the number of things that might go wrong . It happily also fits Edgar 's vision for a purebred sports car .
Bring on September 8th ! Bring on September 8th !
The new model will cost £90,000 ; is n't that dear for a TVR ? `` Relative to previous TVRs , in people 's minds it is probably higher than they were expecting , but ... if you take the Sagaris when it was produced in 2005 , it was around £60,000-odd when you put air conditioning in and paint on it , so in RPI terms we 're roughly close , but this car is a fully specced car - there 's not an awful lot you can put on it to increase the price . Carbon chassis , Cosworth V8 engine , full leather luxury interior trim , special launch edition paint , umm , my undying love and gratitude to every buyer , special wheels ... lots of stuff . Everything 's on it , this is a special car . ''
Let 's hope , for all lovers of TVR , that the new model does turn out to be a special car . Who does n't want to see this British brand back in rude health , 70 years after it first appeared on our roads ? Fingers firmly crossed .
The cat 's out of the bag . Earlier this week I shared my time-tested technique : the crock pot opener .
Ever since then my inbox has been flooded with requests from admiring bros and ladybros looking for a leg up on the competition in the OkCupid meat market . I hear your cries . You 're saying , “ Jason , I do n't want just another copypasta . Take me under your wing . How can I be single like you ? ”
Just follow these seven easy tips .
Attack Typos with Reckless Abandon
So you 've found an attractive profile and open with your best anus-related anecdote .
The response is promising , but we have a situation on our hands .
This is a test . Them typo is a hulking elephant in the room . Do you let it slide as an innocuous mistake ? No , this is your chance to assert your dominance . You 're not some txt-typing plebeian , you 're a suburb-educated hunk who 's read through dozens of Sparknotes book summaries and scored a 590 on the SAT Language test . Drop some knowledge on this broad !
Bagged and tagged . Take out another line of credit , it 's time to shop for engagement rings .
Ignore Borewhores
After days of tumbleweeds , it finally happens . Your inbox lights up pink !
Hmmph .
I should say something to this girl right ?
You rack your brain . Them profile looks like it won a “ bland cliché ” contest , but they have a pulse and you 're running low on Purell moisturizer . You think for another ten minutes . “ Uh… what kind of comedy do you like ? ”
You feel creatively and conversationally bankrupt . And in my case , you 're wishing this were all just hypothetical .
Complain about Borewhores
Sure , you 're not responding to them anymore , but you can still get mileage out of those boring messages . Ladies ignore boring messages all the time and now , so do you ! Play that empathy card son ! Clinton-up and tell them you feel their pain .
Boom , instant sexting . And they started it ! Take this opportunity to tell them about your sex burrito fetish . Send their pics of your sleeping bag and bucket of hot sauce . You 're in !
The Friends-With-Benefits Gambit
I know , sometimes you get tricked . The girl uses the Myspace angle on their personality and looks temporarily appealing . Sooner or later their boring personality comes bubbling to the surface mid-conversation .
I grew tired of these questions by the second day of college orientation , and it 's particularly inexcusable on OkCupid where you can just look to my profile for likely answers .
So what do you do ?
Proposition her ! Tell them you 're just looking for casual sex . It 's a win-win really . In the biz we call it “ value ” .
You were n't going to keep talking to them anyways , so go for broke and gamble for some no-strings-attached hanky panky .
It 's a win for their too ! She 's not getting faded on by a hottie anymore , she 's getting skeeved out by some shallow creepster . It 's not her , it 's you !
Worst case , you get chlamydia .
Do n't Upgrage to Dinner
Finally , you 've found a promising victim . She 's a ridiculously curvaceous German blonde and she 's buying what you 're selling . You offer to take them out to drink next week .
She 's an aggressive one . They could use a break from studying , and wants to meet . This week , not next week . For dinner , not drinks . Feisty !
They suggest an expensive restaurant in their town and the date is set . You meet them at the restaurant and the conversation flows wonderfully . The check comes and they stick you with the whole bill . But dinner was their idea !
You move on to drinks at a nearby bar , and they keep their wallet tucked away . They duck your kiss at the end of the night .
Maybe they were just hungry . Those curves do n't feed themselves .
Picking Up Dropped Balls : The Five Week Rule
So you hit it off with a cute local , but there 's one problem . She 's in Paris on business and wo n't be in town for another week and a half . She 'll drop you a line when they get back . Two weeks pass and she 's nowhere to be seen .
How long do you wait ? If you message too quickly , you 're that clinger who wo n't leave them alone . Wait too long and it smacks of desperation . Were you just digging up all your old message chains ?
Leave the uncertainty behind ! Wait 35 days and strike when she 's most vulnerable .
Missing Beard Compensation
You ca n't grow a beard . Well , you can , but for some reason the hair does n't connect from your sideburns to your chin . It goes to your moustache .
Genetics may have failed you , but it 's nothing you ca n't make up for with a little accessorizing .
“ Nobody cared who I was before I put on the ears . ”
The cat ears are more than an accessory , they 're a lifestyle choice . And like any alternative lifestyle , it comes with its share of difficult choices .
Related Posts :
OkCupid : Blind Dates and Delays
The OkCupid Experience : Dating Abroad After Divorce
The Giants want Matt Cain to win the fifth starter 's job in spring training . This was a logical guess at the start of the offseason , it was the logical guess a couple weeks ago , and it 's a confirmed position now . From a Reddit AMA with GM Bobby Evans :
( Ty Blach 's chances of starting ) really depends on the performance of other guys in camp , particularly Matt Cain . Our hope is that Matt takes that 5th spot , but Blach is a good option otherwise .
This is for a lot of reasons , I 'm assuming . First , Cain is the only one of the two with extensive major league success , even if that came years and years ago . Second , Cain is the 30th-highest paid player in baseball , making $ 750,001 more than Mike Trout , and it would be nice to get some value back . Third , if Cain is n't in the rotation , the Giants would have to put them in the bullpen , because we know they are n't releasing him , and no one knows if that role would be a good fit .
Fourth , because some of us are silly dreamers who blame the four years of sub-standard performances on four years of injuries . “ This is the year , ” us morons exclaim , just like we did for year after year with Tim Lincecum . “ This is totally the year. ” I apologize in advance for my part in this .
The question now , then , is what this spring battle will look like . How will we tell who is winning ? Before you answer with something snarky , consider the following :
1 . Matt Cain 's fastball velocity is n't a measure of success
Cain 's fastball velocity was at a career low last year , but not by too much . The last time they averaged anything higher than 91.5 mph was in 2009 , so it 's not as if the Giants can watch radar guns in March and proclaim that the old Cain is back . If he 's throwing 91 or 92 , that 's great , but they have been for the last four years , so it 's not really telling us anything .
2 . Just about every bad outing can be reduced to “ It 's spring ”
Every single one .
“ He was working on their ( curveball command/delivery/fastball location/tennis-like grunting ) more than anything , so you ca n't really judge this outing based on results . We were happy with a lot of what they did out there . ”
And you know what ? That does n't have to be a lie . There are a lot of reasons for a pitcher to approach an exhibition game differently . There are reasons for pitchers to focus on a specific pitch and become predictable . Johnny Cueto had a 9.58 ERA in three spring starts last year . Madison Bumgarner was even worse . Why ?
Dunno . They were rusty and/or worried more about granular improvements to their delivery or repertoire than they were about their ERA . That 's spring , ha ha . It means nothing . Except when you 're counting on it to make a decision .
It 's possible for Cain to give up 48 earned runs in four outings and still win the job . Depends on how they look out there to Dave Righetti and the rest of the brain trust .
3 . Cain looked good early in games last year
It was n't just your imagination .
Matt Cain 's progressive struggles Times through lineup PA HR BB SO BA OBP SLG OPS Times through lineup PA HR BB SO BA OBP SLG OPS 1st time through lineup 150 4 13 29 .241 .318 .376 .694 2nd time through lineup 139 6 12 24 .316 .396 .521 .917 3rd time through lineup 84 6 6 12 .411 .434 .781 1.215
Cain would be cruising , only to hit a nasty pothole the second or third time through the orders . It was entirely predictable . And guess what spring training is all about ? Going through the order once . More toward the end of spring , but it 's not like you see a lot of complete games in March .
If Cain is successful in the spring , it would be hard to tell if he 's really more effective than they were last year , because they were pretty danged effective their first time through the order in 2016 , too . The real test comes with exactly what pitchers are n't expected to do in spring training .
All of these points can be reduced to the same problem : It 's hard to glean too much information from spring training results because we 're all too smart to glean too much information from spring training results . It 's not like the Giants were quietly working the phones last March , looking to sell high on Madison Bumgarner when their ERA was in the 10s .
Based on the Giants ' own words , then , I 'll guess that Cain has about a 95-percent chance of opening the season as the fifth starter . If they struggle in the Cactus League ? It 's just spring . Their velocity is where it was last year . They were working on things , so you ca n't pay attention to the results . He 'll need to fail in a dramatically obvious way , with Blach succeeding in a dramatically obvious way . If Cain is n't the fifth starter , it 'll be because their struggles were painful and startling in a way they were n't last year . Their 2016 campaign was filled with “ I do n't get it . The stuff looks fine. ” If they do the same thing in the spring , that 'll be tweaked to “ Do n't worry about it . The stuff looks fine . ”
This is n't to say that it will be the wrong decision , mind you . The Giants might be correct in their evaluations , and Cain might end up being the better choice after all . This is just a quick note , though , that the battle probably wo n't be much of a battle . Once a team has designated a front-runner in a position battle , it 's hard for another player to pass them with the help of exhibition games .
Cain is that front-runner . The team wants them to win the job . And it 's going to take a complete meltdown to prevent them from winning it . Adjust your expectations accordingly .
As anybody who has ever trained for a marathon will tell you , running is hard on your feet !
Of course , there are elements of your running technique you can work on to develop a certain lightness on your feet . But when it really comes down to it , running is a high impact sport . Naturally , as the point of contact with the ground , your feet take the full force of this impact !
There are however some measures you can take to develop increased strength and resilience for your feet – helping you to become a stronger runner , from the ground upwards .
Exercises For Stronger Feet
Dr Marybeth Crane , a board certified podiatric foot and ankle surgeon , marathon runner and Ironman triathlete , in Grapevine , Texas has put released the video below to provide us with some great ideas for exercises we as runners can do to build the strength in our feet .
Warm-Up
The simple A-Z warm-up shown in Dr Crane 's video is brilliant for those with generally stiff ankles and feet . I sometimes get runners to do this before their run sessions as well , not just before specific foot and ankle rehab / injury prevention workouts .
Towel Scrunches
The towel scrunch exercise is great for challenging the small and often forgotten about intrinsic muscles of the foot , such as the lumbricals of the foot , dorsal and plantar interossei . It 's definitely easier to perform these most effectively on a shiny surface like a tiled or woorden floor !
Heel Walking
Certain running injuries such as shin splints can be caused by muscular imbalances between anterior and posterior muscles of the lower leg . This heel walking exercise targets and strengthens the tibialis anterior muscle of the lower leg ( often weak ) , not only helping to address such muscular imbalances , but also acting to improve the support for the structure of the foot through movement – an important role of Tib.Ant .
Deep Squats onto The Forefoot
This particular exercise was introduced to me by a coach who uses the Vivobarefoot coaching methodology to help runners transition safely to barefoot running . It certainly adds a challenge for the foot and it 's stabiliser muscles to support you in the bottom position of the exercise . I 'd also add though that holding yourself in the bottom position is a real test of balance and proprioception for the whole lower body !
Be cautious with this one if you have a history of knee pain .
Resistance Band Inverter & Everter Strengthening
These exercises using a theraband ( or similar resistance band ) is a long-standing mainstay of foot and ankle rehab . Using the band to add resistance to the movement of turning the foot inwards ( inverting ) is great for strengthening muscles such as Abductor Hallucis and Tibialis Posterior . Adding resistance to the turning out ( everting ) movement of the foot acts to strengthen the peroneal ( fibularis ) muscles on the outside of the lower leg .
Balance & Proprioception Training
I 'm always shocked when I see how fundamentally poor many runners are at simply standing on one leg with control . Our sport relies on our ability to essentially hop from one leg to the other !
Simply by balancing on one leg when you make toast , brush your teeth , wait by the copy machine… you 'll be training your body to better control it self in 3D space while being supported on one leg . As per the video – if this gets too easy , challenge yourself further by shifting your weight to your forefoot as you balance .
Stretching
Stretching is of course important . You will need a certain mange of motion at the ankle and foot to be able to function properly as a runner . In my experience though , it seems like more runners lack strength and stability around the foot and ankle , than those how truly lack range of motion !
Give some of the above exercises a try !
1 . MEANING OF THE SAMSUNG LOGO : In Korean , the word Samsung means “ three stars. ” The name was chosen by Samsung founder Lee Byung-chull whose vision was for their company to become powerful and everlasting like stars in the sky . The three stars remained as the company logo in various forms until 1993 when the current logo was introduced .
2 . NEW MANAGEMENT : In June of 1993 , while on a global tour , Samsung 's chairperson , Lee Kun Hee arrived in Germany at a hotel in Frankfurt . They summoned all of Samsung 's executives from around the world for a senior meeting , where they gave a three day speech laying out their vision for the future of Samsung and what the company had to do to become successful . The most famous quote that came from the speech was : “ Change everything except for your family. ” Since then , Samsung has risen to become a global leader in consumer electronics . June 2013 will mark the 20th anniversary of New Management .
3 . COMMITMENT TO QUALITY : In March 1995 , Samsung 's Chairman Lee Kun Hee was not content with the quality of Samsung products . In order to get their employees to better understand the importance of quality , they had their staff assemble a pile of 150,000 phones and fax machines in a field outside the Gumi factory in South Korea . More than 2,000 employees gathered to watch the destruction of the old devices , ushering in a new era centered around product quality . Ever since that day , we have focused on creating high-quality premium products that have gained critical and commercial success globally .
4 . HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CENTER : Samsung 's culture is as diverse as the world in which we live . With 236,000 employees in 79 countries around the world , we look for ways to solve problems and meet consumer needs . Since 1993 , Samsung 's Human Resource Development Center has offered 64 courses to 53,400 employees . It has deployed 5,045 Regional Specialists globally to drive global understanding and cultural awareness throughout the company . Regional Specialists is Samsung 's unique global training program in which employees spend one year in another country . Aside from their everyday work , the regional specialists have ample opportunities to explore the country 's culture , language and customs .
5 . SAMSUNG THROUGH AND THROUGH : To ensure the highest quality products , 90 % of Samsung products are produced by within Samsung 's own factories . We ensure a rigorous level of quality to every component that goes into our devices .
6 . PEOPLE : With over 230,000 employees around the world , we are as much a local company as we are a global one . Our ties to the community run deep , as does our commitment to local investment and R & D efforts . We do n't just build an office , we look for ways to provide jobs , bring in new business and sponsor local events . We believe in the power of community to provide opportunity and spur creativity .
7 . REVENUE : Samsung 's revenue in 2012 was $ 188 billion . By 2020 , Samsung plans to reach $ 400 billion in revenue . This target will be driven by a continued focus on consumer electronics , but also through a concerted drive into new growth areas , such as enterprise sales and medical devices
8 . THE SAMSUNG BRAND : Samsung was ranked 9th on the 2012 Interbrand Best Global Brands list . That is eight places higher than the year before and represents a 40 % jump in brand value . Our brand promise is creating products and services that expand experience and open possibilities – possibilities for everyone , everywhere . And it means upholding a belief in shared responsibility – to our people , our planet and our society .
9 . WORLD 'S FIRST : Our products and services are made with users in mind ; our designers aim to go beyond function to create technology that is an intuitive extension of people 's needs and lifestyles .
We constantly strive to create new experiences ; we 've done so for years . In 1996 , Samsung commercialized the world 's first CDMA cellular system ; in 1998 , we invented the world 's first digital TV set . In 1999 , we introduced the world 's first watch phone ( SPH-WP10 ) as well as world 's first mp3 phone ( SCH-M210/SPH-M2500 ) and the first TV Phone ( SCH-M220 ) .
10 . NO.1 IN SMARTPHONES : Our goal is to deliver the best possible experience to every consumer ; that 's why we work constantly to deliver the most intuitive experiences – along with the world 's best innovation and design – to the palm of a user 's hand . Samsung has sold more than 100 million GALAXY S series smartphones worldwide . Sales continue to increase , but in January 2013 the original GALAXY S had sold 24.6 million units , and the GALAXY S II and GALAXY S III had each sold over 40 million units .
11 . NO.1 IN TVs : We see television as much more than just a screen . It 's a window – a window into new experiences , new discoveries and new possibilities . We make televisions for every market . We offer premium TVs with Smart Hub that sets new standards for performance , usability and design . We truly believe in innovation for all ; that 's why 100 Samsung TVs are sold every minute and we 've been the world 's most successful TV manufacturer for the past seven straight years .
12 . MEMORY NO.1 : Samsung has been a leader in the design and manufacturing of memory semiconductors since 1993 . We create essential memory products , including dynamic random access memory ( DRAM ) , static random access memory ( SRAM ) , NAND flash memory , Solid State Drives ( SSD ) and a range of green memory solutions for use in PC , server and mobile applications . Samsung is also leading the industry in the advancement of next generation DRAM and NAND flash technologies while nurturing future memory technologies .
13 . R & D INVESTMENT : In 2012 , Samsung spent $ 10.8 billion in R & D or about 6 % of the revenue . We did n't get to be the world 's largest electronics company by telling customers one size fits all . We got there by trying new things and not being afraid to take risks . More than 25 % of our workforce is dedicated to R & D and it is this relentless pursuit forward – investing in the new and unknown – that is the basis of our success .
14 . R & D CENTERS : There are 33 R & D centers around the world . These include diverse locations such as Russia , India , Israel and China , as well as more established markets like North America , U.K. , Japan and Korea . We make our products with the local consumer in mind ; our designers and product developers travel the world , looking for ways to address specific local needs through technological innovation . We aim to create products that help make people 's lives better , regardless of where they are .
15 . DESIGN CENTERS : Our commitment to design began more than 40 years ago and today there are six design centers in London , San Francisco , Tokyo , Shanghai , Delhi , , and Seoul . We hold more iF and IDEA design awards than any other technology company ; in 2012 Samsung received 44 iF Awards and 7 IDEA Awards in 2012 – the most of any nominee .
16 . PATENTS : Our technology is about more than just sharing information ; it 's a gateway to new experiences ; our products are n't just practical – they 're helping people to discover things they 'd never dreamed possible . To achieve this , we innovate relentlessly . That 's why Samsung is the No.1 holder of design- and mobile-related patents worldwide . In the US , Samsung holds the second-highest number of patents , with 5,081 patents registered by the US Patent Office in 2012 .
17 . PURSUIT OF INNOVATION : At Samsung we put creativity at the center of what we do . That 's reflected in products that give our customers the power to express their own unique talents and individuality . Samsung Galaxy Note II with S Pen provides faster , more accurate input .
The S9 Ultra HD TV offers unprecedented picture clarity and detail . The Smart TV Evolution Kit allows owners of select 2012 Samsung HDTV models to upgrade sets with the latest hardware and software features . GALAXY Camera is the first 4G-enabled , Android-based digital camera .
18 . ENVIRONMENTAL CERTIFICATION : Innovation at Samsung means more than new capabilities and smarter product features . Equally important is saving energy and using safe materials – merging advanced technology with a commitment social responsibility . You 'll see this throughout our range of products and services . From phone screens that save power by dimming when you look away , to washers that are made for cold water usage , we 're working smartly so you can , too .
From 2013 , 100 % of products are set to receive global standard environmental certifications . Samsung also ranked as the world 's most sustainable technology company in the 2011 Dow Jones Sustainability Index and was voted ENERGY STAR ‘ Partner of the Year ' for the third-consecutive year in 2013 . [
19 . GREEN INVESTMENT : At Samsung . We uphold a belief in shared responsibility – to our people , our planet and our society . That 's why we hold ourselves to the highest standards along all areas of our supply chain and why we expect all those we work with to do the same . We will have invested $ 4.8 Billion between 2009 and 2013 to reduce 85 million tons of greenhouse gases and Greenhouse gas emissions from manufacturing have been reduced by 40 % from 2009 levels .
20 . FUTURE TECHNOLOGIES : Our passion is to bring people innovation that they 'd never dreamed was possible . Honoring this commitment , Samsung incubates future technology through the Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology ; it 's why we 're focusing on Future IT & Convergence , New Materials & Nanotechnology , Energy & Environment and Bio & Health .
We believe technology can change our world for the better . It can open up a universe of ideas . It can spark unknown passions . And it can connect people half a world away . That 's why , every day , we 're thinking of new ways to bring our technology to more people across the globe . For us , it 's about more than just products and services . We believe technology can open the door to a world of new possibilities .
By KIM ESTES
Four Points News
Steiner Ranch resident John Holsinger is recovering from near fatal injuries sustained in a Labor Day bicycle accident in Georgetown where they fell some 50 feet from a bridge .
“ His story is nothing short of a miracle , ” said Kyle McKnight , an EMT-P with Williamson County EMS and first responder to the scene .
“ I have broken hips , a broken femur , wrists , ribs – I 've had 11 procedures in seven surgeries . Right now , I ca n't stand up , I ca n't walk , ” said Holsinger , a 52-year-old triathlete , recovering at Seton Medical Center Williamson in Round Rock .
On Sept. 5 , Holsinger met up with 50 riders from the Bat City Cycling club for a planned 60 mile bike rides through Northwest Austin .
Going approximately 30 mph at mile 16 , a cyclist in front of them blew a tire and caused a domino-like crash .
Hollie Kenney , a fellow Steiner triathlete who is helping Holsinger , said a chain reaction was started with the riders behind the blowout falling too . In the process , Holsinger was pinned between a rider and the bridge railing , which Kenney said is very low and did n't prevent the fall . They said no one saw them go over , but someone just happens to look down and there they are , laying on their right side . Their helmet had come off , they said .
Holsinger and eight additional bikers were injured in the accident which was about two miles south of FM 2338 on Ronald Reagan Boulevard in Georgetown . The two-lane bridge had been ridden repeatedly by Holsinger and their group .
First responder McKnight estimated that Holsinger dropped 50 feet .
“ My first concern was that the patient may be dead after falling from such a great height , so I was shocked to see Mr. Holsinger alert and speaking when I first reached him , ” said McKnight , adding that they were not aware of what happened but rather only aware that they were critically injured .
“ I speculate that they landed flat on their right side , the position in which we found him . This may have helped prevent any sort of critical head injury or spinal cord injury that would have killed them had they landed any differently , ” McKnight said .
On examining him , it was clear that Holsinger had several fractures and a collapsed lung . Emergency personnel also suspected there was severe internal bleeding .
Holsinger was airlifted to Seton to reduce transport time , McKnight said .
Speaking from their hospital bed , Holsinger said that at this time they do n't remember the accident .
“ Saturday ( Sept. 17 ) , I finally wake up , and I could n't believe I lost a week-and-a-half of my life . I had been unconscious and sedated . It was like waking up from a dream , ” they said .
“ I did n't understand what was happening , why I could n't move . I did n't know I was in hospital or had been in an accident .
“ When I woke up , the thing I remember was seeing my kids and my ex-wife , Heidi . They brought the kids up to see me , ” Holsinger said .
Holsinger is the father of three : Audra Volk , a junior at Colorado University in Boulder , Katherine , a junior at Vandegrift High School and John August , at 6th grader at Four Points Middle School . Holsinger is also treasurer for the Lady Vipers lacrosse team .
Slowly , they are putting events and thoughts about their current situation together . “ It takes a while for your brain to make sense of what happen , ” said Holsinger .
“ I 'm a safe rider . I do everything as safe as possible , and I would never expose myself to this , ” they said .
Holsinger 's immediate injuries were a collapsed lung , crushed pelvis , open fractures to legs , ankles and elbow as well as multiple breaks in arms , ribs , and two fractures in the spine . Their most serious injury was an internal bleed from the mesenteric artery in the abdomen as well as suffering from an aortic dissection . Discovered about a week after the accident , they also have minor spinal injuries and brain damage , specifically brain shearing , according to their GoFundMe page .
Some have told Holsinger that it is due partly to their level of fitness that they survived the accident and is recovering as well as they are .
McKnight agrees that they are recovering well . “ I have been in EMS for eight years now and I have never seen someone who has fallen from such a tremendous height not only be alive to talk about it but be expected to make a full recovery . ”
However , it appears it will take time . Full recovery is expected to take a year or two .
Holsinger 's medical team has applied to move them to an assisted living center until they become weight-bearing and can begin physical therapy .
In the meantime , a fund to assist them with medical expenses has been started at www.gofundme.com/2qumn9g or search John Holsinger Recovery Fund .
SKEPTOID BLOG : Common Arguments Against Skepticism ( And Why They 're Wrong ) by Mike Rothschild June 17 , 2013
`` Wake up/open your eyes/take the red pill ''
This is by far the most common response I see directed toward skeptics , implying that those who do n't accept the existence of conspiracies are sleepwalking through life , content to live on whatever the powers that be spoon-fed them . Of course , it 's complete nonsense . I 've spent the last year immersing myself in the skeptical movement , and have found that skeptics are among the most curious and open-minded people around .
The skeptic digs deep to find the truth about something , because blathering internet screeds or ominous YouTube videos just are n't good enough to convince them . It 's the believers in conspiracies , pseudoscience and false history who accept whatever is spoon-fed to them , as long as it dovetails with what they already believe . So maybe it 's the skeptic who is awake .
`` How much is ( Big Pharma , the government , Big Food ) paying you to write this crap ? ''
Being accused of serving as a paid shill for whatever you 're defending is also pretty common , and never fails to amuse me . It assumes that the only reason a person could possibly have an opinion other than `` the truth '' is because they 're being paid to have it . But this is one area where the conspiracy theorist is somewhat correct : every major corporation on Earth has paid shills working for it . They 're called the marketing department , and they get paid ( and benefits ! ) to make their employer look good to strangers .
People who post contrary opinions on message boards are n't disinfo agents working for THEM , they 're simply people with contrary opinions . I 've never seen any
`` Modern medicine gave me only weeks to live , but I 've been doing ( Kangen water/green coffee beans/cupping ) and I 've never felt better ! ''
That 's fantastic . However , your personal anecdote is n't science , neither is the experience of your friend , co-worker or cousin . Only science is science . Maybe your illness was cured by your alternative treatment . Or maybe something else you were doing ( like taking medicine ) helped , or maybe you were misdiagnosed . Or maybe you 're just lying because you feel stupid about spending money , sometimes thousands of dollars , on a sham treatment for an illness that does n't exist . Only your doctor can tell you that . But since they 're on the Big Pharma payroll , you 'll have to stick with your anecdote and accept my incredulity .
`` Can you show me studies proving the safety of ( GMO/vaccines/smart meters ) ? ''
Probably , yes . There are numerous studies that prove the safety of each of those things , using proper scientific protocols , blinding and controls . But do n't expect them to change the minds of those who demand to see them . This one comes up over and over with believers in pseudoscience . They want to see studies that `` prove '' they 're wrong , and when you show them those studies , they either ask you again to do the same thing you just did , or simply ignore them . Then they cite
`` The ( Jews/Zionists/Rothschilds ) did it . ''
Maybe I 'm more sensitive to this because I 'm Jewish and named Rothschild , but there is a disturbing undercurrent of anti-Semitism in conspiracy theory circles . It 's not enough for someone to be a shill for the government or Big Whoever , they must also be part of the Jewish agenda to enslave gentiles . Anti-Semitism is as old as Judaism , and allegations that wealthy Jewish bankers are pulling the financial strings have been around for centuries . One of the most popular new buzzwords among conspiracy theorists like Alex Jones is `` foreign bankster , '' but it 's just another version of `` European banker '' or `` international usurer , '' slurs that have deep roots in distrust and loathing of Jews .
This is n't to call Jones or anyone else anti-Semitic , and I 'm sure there are plenty of conspiracy theorists who are n't . But just know that when you hear `` foreign bankster '' you 're probably going to also start hearing about Zionism , Rothschilds and Jewish banking as well . And just to show the grip that hatred of Jews has on the conspiracy movement , some people actually think Alex Jones themselves is an
`` Do you really think ( the government/Big Oil/ Big Pharma ) is looking out for you ? ''
This is a rhetorical question , and there 's no real answer to it . If you choose to believe in monolithic , omnipotent entities controlling your every move , you probably do n't think they 're looking out for you . But if you think major corporations and governments attract people of all stripes , then it 's a tougher question . Yes , some people who work for pharmaceutical companies , oil conglomerates and biotech are as corrupt as the day is long . But others truly want to make a difference in people 's lives , and are working hard ( and enduring vast quantities of abuse ) to do so .
The scientist who researches lifesaving drugs and the corrupt flunky taking kickbacks to ensure doctors prescribe those drugs might both be working for `` Big Pharma '' but they 're different people with different aims , not tentacles in some all-knowing , all-crushing octopus of terror . To write them all off as evil , even the ones who are doing good , is simply disregarding nuance in favor of hysteria .
`` Skepticism is just another form of narrow-mindedness . ''
No , it 's not . Rejecting easy , implausible , unprovable `` answers '' does not mean one is closed-off to finding what the real answer is . Skeptics are constantly accused of having their minds closed to anything they do n't agree with , but if that were the case , then conspiracy believers could be accused of exactly the same thing . If I refuse to entertain your theory about 9/11 , and you refuse to entertain my theory about 9/11 , then we 're both doing exactly the same thing . The difference is that your theory about 9/11 is contradicted by the facts associated with my theory . I reject your theory because I know it to be wrong , while you reject mine because you want it to be wrong . It 's when a person refuses to acknowledge proven facts that they show themselves to be `` narrow-minded . ''
Agreeing with every insane theory about every subject , facts be damned , is not being `` open-minded . '' It 's being gullible .
`` Oh , so you believe the 'official story . ' ''
See above . Until you have a better theory with facts to support it , yes , I do .
`` This whole list is a giant straw man designed to make its author feel good by winning an argument against an imaginary opponent . ''
YOU CA N'T PROVE THAT ! ! !
Show Your Support The Skeptoid weekly science podcast is a free public service from Skeptoid Media , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational nonprofit . This show is made possible by financial support from listeners like you . If you like this programming , please become a member . Other ways you can help Donate : $ 5 $ 10 $ 15 $ 25 $ 35 $ 50 $ 75 $ 100 $ 150 $ 200 $ 250 $ 500
Make this an automatic recurring monthly donation
( Cancel any time ) All donations are tax deductible for U.S. residents . Email me about new episodes :
ROME ( Reuters ) - Italy on Wednesday postponed voting on legislation that offers homosexual couples legal recognition as some allies of Prime Minister Matteo Renzi pushed for the removal of a provision that allows limited adoption rights .
A protester holds a placard reading `` No to civil union '' during a rally against same-sex unions and gay adoption in Rome , Italy January 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Remo Casilli
This latest delay represented a setback for Renzi , who had promised to enact the law last year but has faced implacable opposition both within parliament and from the Roman Catholic Church , which continues to wield great influence in Italy .
Fearing possible defections by Catholic members of the ruling center-left Democratic Party ( PD ) during secret voting on a battery of amendments , the PD chief whip in the Senate , Luigi Zanda , asked to put off the scheduled voting until next week .
The delay would allow “ a period of reflection so we can pull the political threads back together and find the path that allows us to proceed in an orderly fashion ” , Zanda said .
The bill was debated for only a few hours on Tuesday and Senate President Pietro Grasso said the discussion would restart on Feb. 23 at the earliest .
Italy is the only major Western country that has not yet recognized civil unions for gay or heterosexual couples , continuing to withhold from them legal protections such as inheritance rights .
Much of the opposition has focused on a provision that would allow unmarried couples to adopt their partner 's children . Critics say this would encourage surrogacy parenting , which is illegal in Italy .
Latest polls have suggested some 70 percent of Italians support civil unions . However , only some 24 percent think same-sex couples should be granted adoption rights .
Hundreds of thousands of Italians protested against the legislation last month in a Rome rally backed by the Church . Showing how polarized the country is , there have also been large rallies in favor .
Renzi has backed the legislation and the bill has become a test of their political mettle two years after they took office .
The prime minister has a narrow majority in the Senate and has struggled to keep the factions within their party behind him . If the bill passes in the upper house , it must still go before the lower house , where Renzi has more solid backing .
Civet cats for sale at a market in Bali at Pasar Satria . Credit : Alan Putra `` There is now a growing civet coffee plantation tourism industry in Indonesia where tourists visit caged civet cats and sample the coffee , '' says a report by the University of Oxford 's Wildlife Conservation Research . `` This is causing more and more civets to be caged and abused . '' Kopi luwak is made from coffee cherries that have passed through the intestines of a common palm civet ( known as a luwak in Indonesia ) ; a small , nocturnal carnivore . The enzymes break down the beans , which when roasted , create a smooth , less bitter brew , according to some coffee connoisseurs . ( Not everyone is a fan . The Washington Post 's food critic Tim Carman wrote of their experience : `` Stale . Lifeless . Petrified dinosaur droppings steeped in bathtub water . I could n't finish it . ) World Animal Protection says that when civet droppings are collected from the wild , no cruelty is involved . Indeed the history of kopi luwak is purported to date back to the Dutch colonial era , when native coffee plantation workers were forbidden to pick coffee for their own use . They discovered undigested beans in civet droppings and created their own aromatic brew .
Civet cats can be bought in Bali for $ 45 each . Credit : Alan Putra However in recent decades the coffee – with its irresistibly weird backstory – has become a global sensation , with wild-sourced beans fetching prices of up to £2000 ( $ 3700 ) a kilo . The massive international demand and exorbitant prices led to civets being caged to increase productivity and create commercially viable quantities of civet poo . Coffee cherries go in one end ... Credit : Lucy Cormack `` Caged civets are encouraged to gorge on an unbalanced diet of coffee cherries , '' the World Animal Protection report says . The process has been compared to fattening geese to create foie gras but with a lot more caffeine . `` Many show signs of great stress , including pacing and self-mutilation . This unnatural captivity and forced feeding results in injuries , disease and poor nutrition . ''
But despite their famous faeces , little is known about the common palm civet itself , according to PhD student Peter Roberts , a lecturer in animal care in Britain . `` How can we look after the species in captivity without knowing how they will behave in the wild ? '' World Animal Protection says many caged civets show signs of stress and disease . Credit : Alan Putra Roberts aims to collect data on the habitat use , behaviour and estimated population of civets around the village of Cipaganti in Java for the PhD they are doing at Oxford Brookes University . They hope their research will add vital information to what is known about the ecology of the species and contribute to better animal husbandry and management policies . However , because funding invariably goes to rare species – the civet is listed by the International Union for Conservation of Nature as a species of `` least concern '' – their PhD is largely self-funded . It 's been a painstaking process . A recent attempt to crowd-source 10 camera traps raised a paltry £15 in 56 days . Meanwhile , the trade in civets is increasing dramatically in Indonesia . Civets have become a popular exotic pet in Indonesia and there has been a rise in the popularity of kopi luwak and civet coffee farms in Java and Bali .
The problem , Roberts says , is that no-one has been able to quantify what damage this trade is doing to wild populations . `` More wild research is desperately needed . '' Although common palm civets are not protected in Indonesia , trade is regulated through an annual quota system . In 2016 , a total of 250 common palm civets can be captured for domestic use and 225 for export from just four provinces in Indonesia . Eko Arifyanto from the Biodiversity Conservation Agency says this is to keep the balance of the number of animals in the wild . There has not been a request for one permit this year . However the sheer numbers of civets for sale in Javan and Balinese animal markets alone suggest this quota system is simply not being enforced . `` It is difficult to know because we have very limited human resources while our coverage area is quite big , '' Eko says . When Fairfax Media visited Pasar Satria , a market in Denpasar , young civets were available for 450,000 Rupiah ( about $ 45 ) each .
Author and former coffee trader Tony Wild believes they spawned a monster . Wild claims to be the first person to bring a kilogram of kopi luwak to the west in 1991 , while working as a coffee director for Taylors of Harrogate . The product , with its `` certain repulsive charm '' , became a media sensation beyond their wildest dreams . However two decades later , while researching their book Coffee : A Dark History , Wild learnt civets were being poached and caged all over south-east Asia and force-fed coffee cherries . In 2013 they started the Facebook campaign Kopi Luwak : Cut the Crap . They also played a key role in a BBC investigation of animal cruelty on civet farms in Sumatra . `` I do n't think a large number of consumers have been put off by the life of the animal – kopi luwak is pretty much everywhere in Indonesia , and I think you will find probably the same in south-east Asia , '' they say . Wild does believe there is a sustainable business model in genuine wild kopi luwak .
In Gayo , for example , a famous coffee producing region at the tip of Sumatra , Anasryta has been gathering civet faeces foraged by collectors for more than 20 years . Gabah ( the cleaned coffee beans ) are worth 80,000 rupiah ( $ 8 ) a kilogram . `` You can tell the difference , which kopi luwak is from the wild and from the farm , '' Anasryta says . `` The wild has a richer taste , luwak in the wild eats all kinds of stuff , skins of trees , fruits . '' However many kopi luwak producers are now savvy to the controversy around caged civets . `` You will find most kopi luwak is now marketed as `` genuine wild '' kopi luwak , '' Wild says . `` There 's really only one way of telling and that is having a personal relationship with the producers and going to the plantation and even then it 's difficult to prove . '' Coffee certifiers Rainforest Alliance and UTZ Certified – the world 's leading label for sustainable coffee production – no longer certify coffee producers that use caged civets or other animals . And in June 2015 , Indonesia introduced standards for luwak coffee production , that emphasised the civets were not to be starved , harmed , scared or depressed .
`` We welcome the Indonesian government recognising there is an issue , however if they truly wish to stop the suffering then all caged production of kopi luwak must be prohibited , '' says World Animal Protection 's Joanna Toole . `` There is no justification to take these animals from the wild and keep them in confinement for years on end to produce a luxury coffee for tourists . '' Bali Geo is a kopi luwak cafe in Ubud that opened several weeks ago . The cafe has three civets on site , but the owners say they are for display only , and will eventually be released . `` We buy our supplies from a luwak farm up in Kintamani , '' says co-owner I. Nyoman Lanus . `` I understand they have about 70 luwak in cages . I know they keep them in good condition . One luwak per cage , so they wo n't fight each other . They would only be fed coffee beans around three times a week . Luwak will die if they are only fed with coffee . '' Nyoman says the coffee cherries are placed in a bowl and the civet is allowed to pick the best . The rest are sold back to the coffee farmers .
`` For anybody to claim they have a steady flow of wild luwak coffee is impossible , '' Nyoman says . `` A mixture of wild and luwak farm , that 's more likely . Like what we sell here . '' Follow Jewel Topsfield on Facebook
Naugatuck , Connecticut Police : In this video , a veteran , Dave ( 50 ) , who sounds perfectly sane , tries to make a follow-up appointment with a VA spinal specialist or a pain management specialist , as they are disabled with a spinal injury . They called Dave back and told them they had a 3-hour appointment set up for him , one-half hour with a psychiatrist , a half-hour with a psychologist , a half-hour with a physical therapist and then a pain management specialist . They refused and told them they would not see a psychiatrist or psychologist for a spine injury . The hospital scheduling department did not get back with them – ever .
Some days or weeks later they they return home from a church service and finds a message on their answering machine from the local police department . Dave returned the call was told that their primary care doctor had called the police to perform a wellness check on him . Dave said no problem , I 'll come to see you , which they did . They talked to the receptionist , they said someone with be with him . They left them sitting there long enough that they returned home . They immediately called the Police Department to tell them they had left . They told them they had been called away for awhile and they wanted to come to their home . Dave did n't like that . If you want to pick up this very scary story , start at 3:43 mins in .
They confiscated their car within minutes , insisted on going into their house , told them they would take their weapons if they had weapons , which they did , and which were locked inside a large gun safe . They were told if they did n't unlock the safe , they would bust into it . They took their guns and revoked their permit . They searched everything in their house looking for contraband . They resisted nothing , knowing they would lock them away somewhere .
They did n't have a warrant , although they told them they did .
Dave says they are an honorably discharged Navy veteran , has no criminal past and no psychiatric history . They have lived in their home for 13 years , is not married , does n't have a girlfriend and has no children – no one to report them for revenge .
I can not vouch for this man and their claims . Are they true , I do n't know , but note that they are willing to give out their phone number and they give their last name , because they say they have nothing to hide . Disarming Veterans would be a good place to start for a totalitarian government .
Do you remember when ObamaCare became a reality we were told how “ wellness checks ” would be a great thing for our health and our pocketbook . This is n't about our health or our money . This is tyranny . Thanks to The Tea Party Command Center
The agency 's annual Greenhouse Gas Bulletin shows that between 1990 and 2012 , there was a 32 per cent increase in radiative forcing – the warming effect on the climate – because of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) and other heat-trapping long-lived gases such as methane and nitrous oxide .
Carbon dioxide , mainly from fossil fuel-related emissions , accounted for 80 per cent of this increase , WMO stated in a news release . The atmospheric increase of CO2 from 2011 to 2012 was higher than its average growth rate over the past 10 years .
What is happening in the atmosphere , said the Geneva-based WMO , is “ one part of a much wider picture. ” Only about half of the CO2 emitted by human activities remains in the atmosphere , with the rest being absorbed in the biosphere and in the oceans .
The latest findings “ highlight yet again how heat-trapping gases from human activities have upset the natural balance of our atmosphere and are a major contribution to climate change , ” said WMO Secretary-General Michel Jarraud .
They recalled that the UN-backed Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) stressed in its recent Fifth Assessment Report that atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide , methane , and nitrous oxide have increased to levels unprecedented in at least the last 800,000 years .
“ As a result of this , our climate is changing , our weather is more extreme , ice sheets and glaciers are melting and sea levels are rising , ” said Mr. Jarraud .
They underscored that limiting climate change will require large and sustained reductions of greenhouse gas emissions . “ We need to act now , otherwise we will jeopardize the future of our children , grandchildren and many future generations , ” said Mr. Jarraud . “ Time is not on our side , ” they added .
The Greenhouse Gas Bulletin reports on atmospheric concentrations – and not emissions – of greenhouse gases . Emissions represent what goes into the atmosphere , the agency pointed out . Concentrations represent what remains in the atmosphere after the complex system of interactions between the atmosphere , biosphere and the oceans .
At the same time , the Emissions Gap Report 2013 , involving 44 scientific groups coordinated by the UN Environment Programme ( UNEP ) , urges wide-ranging global action to close the emissions gap .
If the international community fails to take action , the report warned , the chances of remaining on the least-cost path to keeping global temperature rise below 2 degrees Celsius this century will quickly diminish and open the door to a range of challenges .
Under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , governments have agreed to limit the global temperature rise to 2 degrees Celsius to avoid the worst impacts of climate change .
The report , which was released yesterday as leaders prepare to meet for the upcoming UN Climate Change Conference in Warsaw , finds that although pathways exist that could reach the 2-degree Celsius target with higher emissions , not narrowing the gap will exacerbate mitigation challenges after 2020 .
This will mean much higher rates of global emission reductions in the medium term ; greater lock-in of carbon-intensive infrastructure ; greater dependence on often unproven technologies in the medium term ; greater costs of mitigation in the medium and long term ; and greater risks of failing to meet the 2-degree Celsius target .
“ As the report highlights , delayed actions mean a higher rate of climate change in the near term and likely more near-term climate impacts , as well as the continued use of carbon-intensive and energy-intensive infrastructure , ” said UNEP Executive Director Achim Steiner .
“ This ‘ lock-in ' would slow down the introduction of climate-friendly technologies and narrow the developmental choices that would place the global community on the path to a sustainable , green future .
“ However , ” they added , “ the stepping stone of the 2020 target can still be achieved by strengthening current pledges and by further action , including scaling up international cooperation initiatives in areas such as energy efficiency , fossil fuel subsidy reform and renewable energy . ”
The owner of an Illinois bed and breakfast who came under fire after refusing to host a gay civil union ceremony on their property has suffered a legal setback after a panel with the Illinois Human Rights Commission declined to hear their appeal .
Jim Walder , owner of TimberCreek Bed and Breakfast in Paxton , Illinois , was forced to pay $ 30,000 to same-sex couple Todd and Mark Wathen after the agency determined they had discriminated against them with their refusal to host their event , The Christian Post reported .
But even after that setback last month , Walder has said they have plans to fight on and to appeal to the full commission , telling the outlet that they oppose gay marriage and believes hosting the event would have hampered their religious rights .
They also alleged that two of the three members of the panel who reviewed the case are either “ LGBT activists or openly gay ” — something called a “ a very strange coincidence , ” according to The News-Gazette .
Here 's a video advertising weddings at TimberCreek :
Walder said they feel as though there 's a “ blatant reverse discrimination ” that targets business owners , especially Christian ones . And considering the ties they said the review panelists have , they expressed shock that these people were tasked with looking into their appeal . In the end , he 's refusing to back down and accept the massive fines he 's facing .
“ In our opinion , forcing a small business with one employee to host gay marriage which violates the owners sincerely-held Biblical belief that marriage is between one man and one woman is an extreme circumstance , especially when marriage has been understood for thousands of years to be a union between one man and one woman , ” Walder told the Post .
The government , though , did n't agree with this assessment . After the couple filed a complaint with the state 's Department of Human rights , arguing Walder was in violation of the Illinois Human Rights Act , the agency forced the owner not only to pay out $ 30,000 for emotional distress caused to the couple , but also an additional $ 50,000 for attorneys fees .
“ We do not hate gays . We are not homophobic or bigoted , ” Walder told The News-Gazette . “ We do not prohibit homosexuals from visiting TimberCreek . Some have . We are respectful and kind to all of our guests . ”
They continued , “ We draw the line , however , at hosting gay marriages . ”
Walder 's attorney , Jason Craddock , said they are n't surprised by the panel 's decision , but said they and their client plan to take further action , including waging an appeal to the entire commission and taking the case to an appeals court . The TimberCreek website currently features a crowdfunding campaign to raise money for a legal defense fund .
( H/T : Christian Post )
—
Other Must-Read Stories :
– Franklin Graham 's ‘ Darkest Hour ' : How God Showed Up After Learning a Staff Member Contracted Ebola
– Americans Overwhelmingly Support Doctor-Assisted Suicide . But Evangelicals Take a Very Different Stand .
– This Big ‘ Game-Changer ' Among Christian Voters Elevated Trump — and It Had Nothing to Do With Evangelicals
– Pastor 's ‘ Peanuts'-Inspired NYC Sidewalk Ministry Offering ‘ Spiritual Help ' Is a Big Hit
– When This Famous Comedian Saw a Mom Struggling at the Grocery Store Checkout , They Stepped Up in a Big Way
A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man from Derry , who was left in a vegetative state after a sectarian attack in 2006 .
Paul McCauley was attacked by a loyalist mob while attending a barbecue in the Waterside area of the city .
They were 30 at the time and had never regained consciousness .
Mr McCauley suffered multiple injuries , including a brain haemorrhage and a fractured skull , as well as two heart attacks on the way to Altnagelvin Hospital .
The only person convicted in connection with the attack was Daryl Proctor , who was given a 12-year jail term .
They were released in February this year .
In 2014 , PSNI Chief Constable George Hamilton apologised to the McCauley family for not bringing more people to justice for the attack .
The rest of the NBA — if they were n't playing — sat glued to the TV watching Kyrie Irving 's shooting performance last night . It was n't just current players , either . Anytime someone starts to morph into video game territory , people tune in , and Kyrie 's 57-point overtime performance on TNT certainly qualifies .
Here are some of our favorite reactions on Twitter :
A pithy Dame response :
Damn Ky… — Damian Lillard ( @ Dame_Lillard ) March 13 , 2015
Mark wanted their mom…
The more traditional OOBE ( out-of-body-experience ) .
Kyrie is outta hos body hahahahaha…WOW — Anthony Tolliver ( @ ATolliver44 ) March 13 , 2015
A Pepsi Max alter-ego reference :
I see uncle drew is in SA tonight .. Sheesh — C.J . Miles ( @ masfresco ) March 13 , 2015
A spiritual reaction :
dear god . — Kendall Marshall ( @ KButter5 ) March 13 , 2015
We 're big fans of onomatopoeia ..
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeesh — Ekpe Udoh ( @ EkpeUdoh ) March 13 , 2015
Dray was pretty meh…
Kyrie completely took this game over ! ! ! ! Wow — Draymond Green ( @ Money23Green ) March 13 , 2015
# AdorableRickySpeak
Kyrie… What a shoot — Ricky Rubio ( @ rickyrubio9 ) March 13 , 2015
Couple of fire emojis
Kyrie … 🔥🔥🔥 — Meyers Leonard ( @ MeyersLeonard11 ) March 13 , 2015
What a shot ! ! ! Kyrie is cookin 🔥🔥🔥 — Quincy Pondexter ( @ QuincyPondexter ) March 13 , 2015
Wow ! That was impressive what Kyrie just did # hoophead — Caron Butler ( @ realtuffjuice ) March 13 , 2015
Insomnia-inducing
Was about to go to sleep but I ai n't bout to miss this Kyrie show # thatboycold — Mo Williams ( @ mowilliams ) March 13 , 2015
Best game , or best performance , or both ?
That 's was one of the best games I 've ever seen , the show that @ KyrieIrving and @ KingJames put on Wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! How bout those CAVS ! ! ! ! — Shawn Marion ( @ matrix31 ) March 13 , 2015
DENVER — The saddest locker room you 'd never want to be in offered a couple of unforgettable scenes Sunday night .
Steelers general manager Kevin Colbert leaned against a wall , their eyes red from fighting back tears . Next to him , sitting on a shelf , coach Mike Tomlin glared seemingly at nothing and nobody in particular .
About 20 yards to their right , injured running back DeAngelo Williams ran interference with the media for one of their replacements , Fitzgerald Toussaint , whose fumble preceded a Denver Broncos fourth-quarter rally the Steelers never saw coming .
Across the room , veteran linebacker James Harrison pulled their head from their hands and looked upward at Dan Rooney .
“ I 'm sorry , ” Harrison said , as their calloused right hand was squeezed tightly by the left one belonging to the Steelers ' 82-year-old , Hall-of-Fame chairperson .
A little later , as Rooney stood near the locker room 's exit , Tomlin passed .
“ A screeching halt , ” Tomlin said . “ It ends like a screeching halt . ”
Every champion begins somewhere .
We 'll look back at Sunday as the afternoon when the Steelers ' next championship team was born .
“ It 's too early to think about ‘ What ifs ' , ” tight end Heath Miller said after the Steelers ' 23-16 loss to the Broncos at Sports Authority Field .
Not when you 're thinking about “ what ifs ” two years in a row , it 's not .
Actually , right now would n't be the worst time to take a deep breath and look at what transpired over the past couple of weeks , let alone the last few months . You 'll find the makings of something potentially sensational .
Martavis Bryant grew up after getting called out .
Ryan Shazier and Jarvis Jones started looking like the impact linebackers the Steelers envisioned when making them first-round draft picks .
Chris Boswell never seemed to miss a kick .
And the defense that was being rebuilt allowed three touchdowns and five field goals in two road playoff games .
“ We 're close , ” Jones said . “ We 're real close . We know it . Believe me , everyone in this room knows it .
“ It 's real close for us . ”
It 's also really weird how the Steelers ' seasons have ended over the past 13 months .
They lost their starting running back in the regular-season finale two years in a row . And do you even want to know how many NFL teams have played in the postseason without their leading receiver and rusher ?
In the Super Bowl era , the answer is one : this year 's Steelers .
If Antonio Brown or DeAngelo Williams had played against Denver , the Steelers would be headed to New England next Sunday .
If the Steelers could have dressed Brown and Williams against the Patriots , they would have presented the greatest threat to the repeat aspirations of Tom Brady and Bill Belichick .
The loathsome Patriots are going to win their fifth Super Bowl . If NFL commissioner Roger Goodell could n't take down the Patriots ' latest rebirth , who can ?
It 's a big task . It 's going to take something special .
It 's going to take the Steelers as we 've not seen them yet : healthy when it matters .
The Steelers boast an offensive line featuring All-Pro center Maurkice Pouncey and Pro Bowl guard David DeCastro , arguably football 's finest interior 1-2 punch ; a receiving corps featuring a maturing Bryant , arguably football 's most physically gifted wideout ; a defense boosted by a couple of early-round-pick cornerbacks ; and arguably one of football 's most dynamic front sevens .
And it 's going to take the NFL 's best quarterback , receiver and running back being available in the postseason . Imagine next January with Ben Roethlisberger , Antonio Brown and Le'Veon Bell playing for the Steelers .
“ That would be nice , ” Steelers president Art Rooney II said as they entered their team 's sad locker room Sunday .
Yes , sir . I 'd like to be in that locker room .
Would n't be a sad place .
It would be super .
Rob Rossi is a Tribune-Review staff writer . Reach them at rrossi @ tribweb.com or via Twitter @ RobRossi_Trib .
A drone quadricopter is depicted delivering a package in this 3D rendering . Image : Shuttershock
In the pre-Internet era , Canada Post reigned supreme . When I was growing up , scouring the mailbox for free floppy disks to reformat for 100-kilobyte PC games was the highlight of my day . But since email became ascendant , the Crown corporation 's fortunes have declined . Online shopping aside , people do n't send as much physical stuff by mail as they used to .
That 's the main reason Canada Post announced it would be phasing out door-to-door mail delivery , sparking a massive outcry . ( The Liberals , who promised to save cherished door-to-door mail service , are now doing a review . )
Technology has hastened Canada Post 's demise , but there 's a chance another type of tech could give it a necessary shot in the arm . The corporation is exploring future use of drone technology to make deliveries , according to a report from the Canadian Press .
Using unmanned aerial vehicles to shuttle packages from warehouse to customer is nothing new . Amazon announced they were developing a drone delivery system , dubbed Amazon Prime Air , back in 2013 . Testing is well underway . Everyone 's favourite search giant is in on the action , too : Google 's Project Wing promises to whisk parcels to users by 2017 .
At this point , Canada Post is engaging in a `` paper exercise , '' a spokesperson told the Canadian Press , adding that the project is in its earliest , experimental stages . ( Canada Post did not respond to Motherboard 's request for comment . ) But experiments are designed to yield results . So is it only a matter of time until Canada Post takes to the skies ?
According to Graham Scott , the deputy editor of Canadian Business , even if mail-delivering drones remain a theoretical concept for now , it 's inevitable they 'll be considered as a way to drive costs down .
`` I looked this up , '' Scott told me in an interview , `` and in the most recent fiscal year , just shy of 70 per cent of Canada Post 's operating expenses were labour costs . Just paying people to sort the mail , drive the mail around , put it through your mail slot , that kind of thing . It 's a very labour-intensive business , and anything they can do to reduce the number of expensive people involved—they are going to try to do . ''
There are many good reasons why mail delivery drones may never get off the ground . For one thing , current technology limits them to delivering one item of post at a time , which is tremendously impractical .
`` If you wanted to deliver as much mail by drone as one [ mail worker ] delivers currently , '' said Scott , `` it would have to make dozens and dozens of trips back and forth . '' Drone batteries are notoriously short-lived . Also , some tasks require a finer touch than unmanned vehicles can provide , such as sticking mail through a slot , which means that humans will probably be part of Canada Post 's logistics for a good while yet .
But , as we 've seen with the rolling out of community mailboxes—a program that was put on hold earlier this year when the review was launched—the invisible hand of the market is always looking to drive costs down . So do n't count out flying robot deliveries for good .
Robots and drones will be claiming more human jobs in the future , probably including mail delivery . From a manager 's perspective at least , drones have their advantages . They do n't suffer from dog bites , and they ( ideally ) do n't deviate from their routes . `` Drones do n't twist their ankle , they do n't get tired , and they do n't form a union , '' said Scott .
Foot odor ( or foot odour ) is a type of body odor that affects the feet of humans . It is sometimes considered to be an unpleasant smell , but can also be the target of foot fetishism , more specifically as a form of olfactophilia . [ 1 ]
It is one of the most widespread forms of olfactophilia : In a 1994 study , 45 % of those with a foot fetish were found to be aroused by smelly socks and/or feet . [ 2 ]
Causes [ edit ]
The main cause is foot sweat ( also see focal hyperhidrosis ) . Sweat itself is odorless ; however , it creates a beneficial environment for certain bacteria to grow , producing odorous substances . These bacteria are naturally present on our skin as part of the human flora . The front part of the foot produces the most sweat . [ 3 ]
The smell is exacerbated by factors that increase sweating , such as wearing closed-toe shoes . Socks can trap foot hair , especially on the toes , and may contribute to odor intensity by increasing surface area on which bacteria can thrive . [ citation needed ]
Given that socks directly contact the feet , their composition can affect foot odor . Synthetic materials like polyester and nylon afford less ventilation to the foot than do cotton or wool , leading to increased perspiration and odor , although they can also reduce incidence of blisters by wicking away perspiration . Many synthetic socks are treated with chemicals to help reduce odor . [ 4 ]
Wearing closed-toe shoes ( e.g. , ballet flats or pumps ) without socks leads to accumulation of sweat , dead skin cells , dirt , and oils , further contributing to bacterial growth . Momentarily slipping off shoes whenever feet start to feel `` hot '' or sweaty can help prevent odor . [ citation needed ]
Odor qualities [ edit ]
The quality of foot odor is often described as being thick and resembling that of cheese , malt vinegar , or ammonia . [ citation needed ]
Brevibacteria are considered a major cause of foot odor because they ingest dead skin on the feet and , in the process , convert the amino acid methionine into methanethiol , a colorless gas with a distinctive sulfuric aroma . The dead skin that fuels this process is especially common on the sole and between the toes . Brevibacteria also give such cheeses as Limburger , Bel Paese , Port Salut , Pálpusztai and Munster their characteristic pungency . [ 5 ]
Propionic acid ( propanoic acid ) , a breakdown product of Propionibacteria amino acid metabolism in adolescent and adult sebaceous gland ducts , is also present in many foot sweat samples . [ citation needed ] The similarity between the chemical structures of propionic acid and acetic acid may account for the tendency of foot odors to be identified as smelling as vinegar . [ citation needed ]
Isovaleric acid ( 3-methyl butanoic acid ) , another other source of foot odor , is produced by Staphylococcus epidermidis , a bacterial species normally resident on human skin [ 6 ] and present in several strong-smelling varieties of cheese . [ citation needed ]
Other implicated microorganisms include Micrococcaceae , Corynebacterium and Pityrosporum . [ 7 ]
Bart Knols of Wageningen Agricultural University in the Netherlands received a 2006 `` Ig Nobel Prize '' [ 8 ] for demonstrating that the female Anopheles gambiae mosquito , known for transmitting malaria , is `` attracted equally to the smell of Limburger cheese and to the smell of human feet '' . [ 9 ] Fredros Okumu , of the Ifakara Health Institute in Tanzania , received grants in 2009 and 2011 to develop mosquito attractants and traps to combat malaria . [ 10 ] They used a blend of eight chemicals four times more effective than actual human secretions . [ 11 ]
Prevention [ edit ]
Maintaining good foot hygiene is the best way to prevent foot odor as it eliminates odor causing bacteria and removes dead skin cells as well as sebum . A foot file or pumice stone can be used to remove dead skin cells . [ 12 ] Dirty feet and dirty socks , instead of clean , dry socks changed frequently can contribute to odor . Socks that are made of synthetic materials are more prone to becoming smelly than natural or blended fabrics , such as a blend of cotton and polyester . [ citation needed ]
Sodium bicarbonate is used as an inexpensive home remedy for the prevention of foot odor . However , the extent of the antimicrobial effect on the odor-causing bacteria is unclear . A solution of 10 % household bleach in 90 % water kills the odor-causing bacteria . A brush can be used to clean between the toes . Swabbing feet twice daily with isopropyl alcohol is another home remedy . [ citation needed ]
Some powders and activated charcoal insoles , such as odor eaters , have been developed with the purpose of preventing foot odor by keeping the feet dry . Special cedarsoles and socks with silver fibers with antibacterial characteristics are available . [ citation needed ]
Bamboo fabric socks are naturally anti-microbial , anti bacterial and moisture wicking , cutting odor and abating athlete 's foot . [ citation needed ]
See also [ edit ]
Retracing The Steps Of A Civil War Photographer
Today 's 150th anniversary of the Battle of Antietam got us thinking : What if Civil War photographer Alexander Gardner could revisit some of the original sites they photographed ? If they used their equipment today , what would the images look like ? That is : How have the landscapes changed — or stayed the same ?
How These Work
The image you see below was shot in 2012 by wet plate photographer Todd Harrington . They retraced Gardner 's steps at Antietam , using the same type of equipment : a stereo wet plate camera and glass plates . If you toggle using the `` now '' and `` then '' buttons , another image fades in and out : That 's what Gardner captured in 1862 .
What 's striking is how , actually , not much has changed . Trees have gotten bigger and roads have been paved . If you look closely at the Dunker Church image , you 'll see portable toilets in the background ; telephone poles along Hagerstown Pike ; construction cones sitting on Burnside Bridge . But what 's haunting is that the major difference between now and then is a lack of bodies .
What 's also remarkable is that it took Harrington a full day 's work to re-create just six images — not a job for the seekers of instant gratification . He 'll be discussing the process on All Things Considered today .
What 's 'Stereo ' ?
That basically means the camera had two lenses , which created two side-by-side exposures on one plate . When you make a print , and glue it on a card , you 've got some Civil War-era entertainment : stereographs . When the cards are seen through a stereo viewer , the images appear 3-D. ( Gardner 's original plates were indeed stereographic , but many were digitized — as you see here — as individual images by the Library of Congress . )
Some More Background
Shortly after the Battle of Antietam — the bloodiest single day in American military history — Gardner changed photographic history . Until that time , many Americans `` still clung to the view that this war was a noble , glorious , even romantic undertaking , '' NPR librarian Kee Malesky explains , and war-related images traditionally reinforced that .
But Gardner was a mercenary photographer . They made money by either photographing celebrities , like President Lincoln , or by documenting the hot news stories of the day — in this case , the war .
So they turned their lens ( or lenses ) on a sight that had never been seen by the general public : dead , bloated corpses ; the grim reality of war . The images were shown in New York City about a month after the Battle of Antietam . Needless to say , the public was aghast .
Our view of war is n't the only thing that has changed since then . In Gardner 's day , it was somewhat common practice for photographers to move bodies or objects to stage a more `` photogenic '' scene . For that reason , some might doubt the accuracy of Gardner 's images . But there 's no belittling the impact they had at the time .
If it were n't for Andy Milonakis tweeting that `` choosy web designers choose GIF , '' I 'd never be able to remember how to pronounce the damned file extension . Are Andy and I really pronouncing it correctly though ?
According to the folks at The Atlantic , yes .
Some digging into English etymology and pronunciation standards may have yielded mixed results , but there are two pieces of evidence discovered by The Atlantic 's staff that can serve as reassurance that we 're pronouncing things correctly . The first is found in the FAQ section of a CompuServe graphics display bulletin called CompuShow :
`` The GIF ( Graphics Interchange Format ) , pronounced 'JIF , ' was designed by CompuServe and the official specification released in June of 1987 . '' [ This means that ] in their very own document , the GIF 's creators indicate their preference for the soft-j .
Advertisement
The second piece of evidence was found in another very early FAQ on the topic :
Choosy programmers choose `` gif '' or `` jif '' ? The pronunciation of `` GIF '' is specified in the GIF specification to be `` jif '' , as in `` jiffy '' , rather then `` gif '' , which most people seem to prefer . This does seem strange because the `` G '' is from the word `` Graphics '' and not `` Jraphics '' .
Advertisement
So there you have it : The peanut butter pronunciation is technically the correct one to go with .
It 's ok if you 're a rebel and decide to go against what the creators of the GIF established anyway though , because the Oxford English Dictionary has your back as it declares both both the hard g and soft g pronunciations correct . [ The Atlantic ]
Police say 15 explosions in Guangxi region , which hit buildings including a hospital , were criminal act not terrorism
A series of explosions targeting public buildings in a small city in southern China has killed at least seven people and injured more than 50 , officials and state media have said .
The Ministry of Public Security said it was treating the case as a criminal act and not terrorism . It said a 33-year-old local man , identified only by their family name of Wei , was considered a suspect but provided no further details , including a possible motive or whether the man had been detained .
A local Communist party newspaper , the Guangxi Daily , cited police as saying there were 17 explosions in Liuzhou , in Liucheng county , leaving seven people dead , two missing and 51 injured . The paper also said the suspect had not been apprehended .
State media and officials said 15 blasts struck Liucheng county , which is overseen by the local government in nearby Liuzhou
The explosions , which occurred between 3.15pm and 5pm , hit a hospital , local markets , a shopping mall , a bus station and several government buildings , including a jail and dormitories for government workers , according to a police statement posted by the local newspaper Nanguo Zaobao .
“ There were so many of them , and they were so loud , everyone in the county could hear them , ” said a hotel employee who gave only their family name , Li . The hotel is near a township office building that was hit by one of the explosions .
“ They sounded like someone was blasting rocks in the mountains , ” Li said .
Zhou Changqing , the police chief for the city of Liuzhou , which has jurisdiction over Liucheng , said the blasts were triggered by explosive devices delivered in several mail packages , state broadcaster CCTV reported .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Liuzhou 's police chief said the blasts were caused by explosive devices delivered in parcels Photograph : China Stringer Network/Reuters
A supermarket employee said the store was evacuated immediately when an adjacent supermarket was hit by an explosion . “ All of us heard the blast . It was very loud , ” they said by phone .
Photos posted online showed streets filled with smoke , strewn debris , dust clouds in the sky and the rubble from a five-storey building that had partially collapsed .
The official Xinhua News Agency reported that at least one more explosion hit downtown Liuzhou , away from Liucheng county . It did not say whether there were any casualties from that blast or whether it was connected to the explosion in Liucheng .
Show full PR text
AEV Ram Concept Vehicle – SEMA Show 2013
The vehicle : 2014 Ram 2500 Crew Cab Diesel
The concept : Since 1997 , American Expedition Vehicles has been on the cutting edge of the 4WD industry , constantly pushing the boundaries of design and innovation . AEV recognized that there is a void in the industry for customers who require a vehicle that is very capable off-road , has exceptional handling characteristics and ride quality but also has a large cargo capacity and is able to satisfy the demands of a heavy towing . AEV felt that the Ram was the ideal vehicle platform to fill this void . The AEV Ram Concept is gear toward the outdoorsman-someone who requires a capable vehicle off-road , but still requires the larger size , higher towing capacity and increased payload of a ¾ or 1-ton pickup truck . AEV set out to achieve these goals by breaking the mold of the traditional `` lifted truck '' methodology and utilized their engineering and design expertise to create a complete vehicle package that includes components that are designed to work in harmony with each other in both style and functionality . The result is a great looking truck with high ground clearance , a low center of gravity and superior front end protection .
AEV Ram Front Bumper
• Industry 's only stamped steel , winch compatible front bumper for the Ram
• 3/16 '' steel construction
• Modular design to allow customers to customize the bumper to suit their individual needs and personal style preferences
• 1/4 '' steel winch mount accommodates 12-16.5k winches
• Heavy-duty shackle mounts
• Provisions for 6.5 '' integrated off-road lights
• Compatible with 2010+ Ram 1500/2500/3500/4500/5500 trucks
AEV Ram Wheel
• 17X10 Ram-specific fitment
• OE-quality , A-356 cast aluminum construction
• SAE J2530 Certified
• 3,650lbs Load Rating
• Cast-in hub cover
• Recessed valve stem
AEV 3 '' Ram Suspension System
• Raises the vehicle 3 '' in the front and 2 '' in the rear for a level stance
• Retains OE coil springs to maintain capability
• Optimized suspension geometry for improved handling and increased roll center
• Custom-tuned shocks to improve ride quality
• High Steer Kit to correct steering geometry and provide precision steering
AEV High Clearance Fender Flares
• Provides additional clearance for larger tires with less lift-accommodates a 40 '' tire with only 3 inches of lift .
• Fender Flare design integrates with and compliments the AEV Premium Front Bumper for an aggressive yet refined appearance .
AMC Theatres has threatened MoviePass with a lawsuit , less than a day after the subscription cinema service dropped its subscription fees to $ 9.95 a month , reports Variety . That means subscribers are able to watch one movie every day for a month for only $ 9.95 . MoviePass would still have to pay AMC full ticket prices each time someone uses the subscription , though . An average ticket is priced at $ 9.33 , so a subscriber would only need to attend two movies a month to put MoviePass at a loss .
In 2016 , the service started at $ 15 per month and ran up to $ 50 per month for unlimited movies in bigger cities . AMC , which is the largest theater chain in the US said in a statement that MoviePass ' model is unsustainable . The company argued that ticket prices below $ 10 a month over time would n't be able to generate enough cash to operate quality theaters , nor produce enough income that would allow filmmakers to make movies of value .
“ Model is unsustainable . ”
MoviePass first signed a deal with AMC in 2014 , that offered subscriptions starting from $ 35 . MoviePass CEO Mitch Lowe told Variety the latest $ 10 deal still has to close . They accept that the company is subsidizing movie tickets for subscribers and would “ lose money in the process. ” AMC said it 's working with lawyers to see if it can prevent the subscription from MoviePass being used at its cinemas .
“ While AMC is not opposed to subscription programs generally , the one envisioned by MoviePass is not one AMC can embrace . We are actively working now to determine whether it may be feasible to opt out and not participate in this shaky and unsustainable program , ” says AMC in a statement .
The famed director says he 's restarting their dream project and plans to shoot this fall .
Terry Gilliam said last week that they plan to start production on The Man Who Killed Don Quixote on Sept. 29 in the Canary Islands . This comes on the heels of Gilliam 's January Facebook post of art director David Warren 's new concept drawing for Quixote , which was accompanied by this message : `` Dreams of Don Quixote have begun again . Dave Warren has started doodling . Will we get the old bastard back on their horse this year ? Human sacrifices welcomed . Stay tuned . ''
Adapting Miguel de Cervantes ' Don Quixote has been Gilliam 's dream project for 25 years , and this will mark their seventh attempt to get a production of it off the ground . While the director has always been `` desperate '' to make Quixote , in an interview they gave this summer they said that they had accepted the fact he 'd probably never get to make the movie after so many failed attempts .
The most famous failed attempt came in 2000 , when a Johnny Depp-led production of Quixote was doomed by NATO fighter planes constantly flying overhead , a severe back injury to Don Quixote ( Jean Rochefort ) and a flash flood that ruined the location 's landscape and damaged equipment . All of that bad luck resulted in an estimated $ 16 million insurance claim and the script being thrown into legal limbo for much of the decade . The entire debacle was captured in the documentary Lost in La Mancha , a project that began innocently enough as a behind-the-scenes `` making of '' doc .
PHOTOS : Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright toast season 2 of 'House of Cards '
Gilliam 's Quixote re-emerged in 2009 with Robert Duvall set to replace Rochefort and Ewan McGregor to star , but financing never came together . Gilliam told Empire he 'd be re-casting for the `` 11th time '' and did not indicate if any of the previous version 's stars were still attached . It is unlikely that Gilliam will be able to count on Depp , who set up their own Don Quixote project at Disney last winter . It might be hard to imagine 81-year-old Robert Duvall literally climbing back on the horse come fall , but as recently as last month the actor indicated they were still planning on being Gilliam 's Quixote .
Gilliam did say he 's continued rewriting the script and hinted that the new version was smaller and could be made more cheaply . From the start , Gilliam never planned to take on Cervantes ' full text . Originally , he 'd planned on adding the character of Toby ( Depp ) , a modern marketing exec who travels back in time and whom Don Quixote mistakes for their sidekick Sancho Panza .
In 2010 , Duvall told Movieline that their Quixote would be different than the one Rochefort was playing in 2000 : `` It 's a different take on [ Quixote ] : They really begins to believe he 's Don Quixote , even though he 's a shoemaker . I do n't even understand the script , totally , because he 's just so out there , Gilliam . You know , with dwarfs on the ground and everything . I told him , 'You ca n't have too many dwarfs ! ' ``
VIDEO : Ellen Page Comes Out as Gay -- `` I 'm Tired of Lying By Omission ''
According Gilliam , the key to Quixote 's 2014 rebirth is their new , smart and young ( `` young enough to still love movies '' ) Spanish producer Adrian Guerra ( Grand Piano , Red Lights , and the upcoming Sean Penn starrer The Gunman ) . Guerra , only 29 , already has the reputation for finding innovative schemes to get movies made cheaply in Spain by tapping into the country 's tax breaks to benefit local business . They are also a real cinephile , having launched Madrid 's Fantasy Film Fest at age 19 and founded Verses Entertainment , which releases classic films on DVD .
Will Don Quixote ride again ? Stay tuned .
A recent CNN poll found that 30 % of Americans are `` very angry '' and 38 % are `` somewhat angry '' about the way things are going in the country .
As CNN 's Mark Preston points out , such strong feelings could significantly impact this year 's midterm elections , but we have a different concern : why are Americans feeling this way ?
There are , of course , hundreds of possible reasons . The mishandling of Ebola and ISIS , the healthcare debacle , and the VA scandal all contribute to Americans ' feelings of anger .
But there is another issue worth mentioning , an issue that crosses party lines and has characterized the federal government for decades : waste . Perhaps more than any other misstep , wasting taxpayer dollars communicates that the American people really do n't matter to those in Washington .
And as Senator Tom Coburn reveals in their new publication Wastebook , the number of tax dollars Washington throws away each year is astonishing .
Here are some of the highlights :
Thousands of vehicles that sit idly in Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) parking lots . Cost : $ 48.6 million .
A study that found spouses stab voodoo dolls more often when they 're “ hangry. ” Cost : $ 331,000 .
Synchronized swimming for sea monkeys . Cost : $ 50,000 .
A study for how Penn State can boost morale after the Jerry Sandusky scandal . Cost : $ 41,000 .
A project that studied the gambling habits of monkeys . Cost : $ 171,361 .
A play about Bruce Lee . Cost : $ 70,000 .
A “ marijuana themed musical ” in Colorado . Cost : $ 15,000 .
A video game that teaches parents how to feed their kids vegetables . Cost : $ 1,552,145 .
A project to investigate if mothers have a different emotional reaction to pictures of their dogs over pictures of their children . Cost : $ 371,026 .
State of the art gym memberships for desk workers at Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Cost : $ 450,000
A project by the Pentagon to destroy $ 16 billion worth of ammunition . Cost : $ 1,000,000,000 .
In total , Sen. Coburn found $ 25 billion spent on 100 “ silly , unnecessary , and low priority projects , ” this year . It 's no wonder Americans are angry .
What can be done about the atrocious use of taxpayer dollars ? One thing is for sure : no matter who is elected this cycle , it wo n't get any better .
But there is still hope . A Convention of States can propose a balanced budget amendment to force the federal government to use its money wisely . Sen. Coburn themselves endorses this idea . They said ,
It 's time for the people to take back their country . The plan put forth by Convention of States is a great way to do just that by using the process the founders gave us for reigning in the federal government .
Click here to learn more . If you 'd like to get involved , check out the volunteer opportunities on this page .
Watch the Robotron 100,000,000 Point Gauntlets This Friday !
This Friday ( January 30 , 2015 ) from 9 AM PST to Saturday ( January 31 , 2015 ) 9 AM PST , tune in to www.TwinGalaxiesLive.com and watch as top Robotron players gear up for a 24+ hour marathon to each chase down 100 million points .
Robotron : 2084 is revered as one of the top-ten most difficult games ever created for the golden age arcade . Thrown into a claustrophobic arena in which there is no escape , the player is surrounded by futuristic robots who are armed with lethal weapons and ingenious enemy dynamics . One simple goal , to eradicate the inferior human race !
Our 8-bit warriors will embark on a 24-hour endurance gauntlet in an attempt to survive this automated onslaught in order to reach 100 million points . At which point the scoring mechanism inside the game will be forced to rollover starting back at 0 , and will be considered the equivalent of forcing the machine to cry uncle. Humanity will not go down easily , and we have no doubt that our TGL warriors will shine brightly in the spirit of success !
Many have mastered the game of Robotron over the past 33 years , less than a handful have ever reached 100 million on one credit ! An elite challenge , our Robo-thoners will have to compete using only one credit per scoring attempt , and can earn 5 minutes of break-time for every 1 hour played
, and are expected to not use any methods of cheating to hinder the forward progress of the gameplay .
The full history and parameters for the Robo-Enduro can be found here-
Current line-up of competitors :
David Gomez
Ken House
Dane Tullock
Walk Your Way To a More Productive Meeting What 's this ? SPONSORED CONTENT FROM X What 's This ? Associations Now Brand Connection provides opportunities for advertisers to connect with the Associations Now audience . All content is paid for by the advertiser . The Associations Now editorial staff is not involved in creating this content . By Katie Bascuas / Apr 16 , 2015 `` The West Wing , '' a show famous for its walk-and-talks . ( NBCUniversal ) `` The West Wing , '' a show famous for its walk-and-talks . ( NBCUniversal )
If your usual meetings are feeling stale , try a different approach with a walking meeting . Research and experience have shown that these types of meetings may help increase creative thinking and camaraderie among coworkers .
If you 've seen almost any episode of the The West Wing , you 're no doubt familiar with the show 's “ walk-and-talk ” scenes .
Busy White House staffers whisk their way between offices and meetings while engaging in witty repartee with equally busy coworkers .
Walking meetings , while fun to watch and , no doubt , choreograph for TV , are becoming more common in the real-life business world .
At LinkedIn , walk-and-talks are “ kind of big deal , ” according to a recent article in The Huffington Post . The company 's California headquarters features a bike path that takes about 20 to 25 minutes to walk the full length , or just enough time for a brief walking meeting .
In addition to the health benefits—sitting is the new smoking , after all—LinkedIn employees also said walking meetings allow for fewer distractions ( e.g. , phone calls , email , interruptions from coworkers ) and better camaraderie among colleagues .
“ You feel like you 're at the principal 's office , ” Igor Perisic , LinkedIn 's vice president of engineering said of seated , face-to-face meetings . “ That 's not what you want . ”
Walking , on the other hand , can be a less intimidating way to communicate . There 's less direct eye contact , and a more casual atmosphere may help participants feel more relaxed .
Walking meetings may also prove more productive . Because walking has been shown to help stimulate creativity , heading outside for a walk around the block or along a bike path might be a great way to solve a problem you 've gotten stuck on or to help brainstorm new ideas .
“ We 're not saying walking can turn you into Michelangelo , ” Marily Oppezzo , a professor and researcher who has studied the effects of walking on creativity , told Stanford Report . “ But it could help you at the beginning stages of creativity . ”
If you 've never taken a walking meeting before , here are a few tips to consider :
Plan ahead . Consider the route you will take , as well as the best time of day given the temperature outside , and do n't forget to tell participants in advance so they have appropriate footwear .
Consider the route you will take , as well as the best time of day given the temperature outside , and do n't forget to tell participants in advance so they have appropriate footwear . Keep it small . Migrating with a large group of people along a crowded street or narrow path may make it difficult for everyone to hear and contribute to the discussion .
Migrating with a large group of people along a crowded street or narrow path may make it difficult for everyone to hear and contribute to the discussion . Throw in an incentive . In an article for The Guardian , Damien Clarkson suggests using a small amount of bribery if your coworkers are unsure about the idea of walking and talking . Offer to buy them coffee during the walk , for example .
In an article for The Guardian , Damien Clarkson suggests using a small amount of bribery if your coworkers are unsure about the idea of walking and talking . Offer to buy them coffee during the walk , for example . Set an agenda . “ A walking meeting is not just a walk on the beach ; you are doing work , ” wrote Beth Kanter in a blog post detailing tips for effective walking meetings . “ So it is important to lay out the topics for discussion and tasks. ” Kanter also suggested taking time after the meeting to jot down notes about what was discussed .
Have you ever tried a walking meeting ? Let us know how it went in the comments .
Share this article
For the Others
Dear Non-knitters who love a Knitter ,
Today is the first of December , and I think it 's probably pretty inevitable that you 've heard from someone by now that Christmas is coming . ( Pro-tip : They have scheduled it on the same day as last year . I think it 's pretty consistent . ) While regular people are about to have a very busy month , Knitters are under a special and unique strain . They have to do everything that regular people do , and in addition , they are undoubtedly knitting one or more items as gifts for Christmas , maybe for you . They are going to need special love and attention for the upcoming month , and we can talk about that more later , but for now , this is all you need to know . The knitting all-nighters , the frequent trips to the yarn store , the desperation and sobbing when the last darning needle is gone , the way that at least once in the next month they 're going to yell `` ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND WHY WOULD I WANT TO GO TO A MOVIE WITH YOU I CA N'T CABLE IN THE DARK YOU ARE SO INSENSITIVE '' is about to start for you and your knitter . ( If you know or are related to more than one holiday gift knitter , you may want to connect with others in the comments so that you can form a support group . Multiple knitter contact in December can be emotionally difficult . )
Some of you may believe that it 's the knitters choice about whether or not they or they do this to themselves every year , but it is n't . For many knitters who suffer from this variant , there is no choice . Sure as a nightingale has to sing , a gift knitter must knit - and the opportunity to knit a gift is - to your knitter , a chance to make the love that they feel in their hearts tangible , visible and warm . No matter how it looks ( and we admit , it is difficult to see the love when a hat knitter is using filthy language to describe Aunt Alice 's head size at 3am ) gift knitting is a powerful and meaningful expression of human affection . Each stitch contains the most precious thing a knitter can give - time and talent , and every person who receives said gift of time and talent should be nothing short of stunned with joy and gratitude . Think about it . Other people are going to spend 20 minutes at the mall picking out a present for you . Your knitter loves you so much that their gift to you took hours and hours and hours of time that nobody else deserved .
Now , if you 're normal , right now , my dear Non-knitter who loves a knitter , you 're feeling pressured . You 're thinking `` Holy mittens , what the heck do you give someone for Christmas when they 're going to give you something that amazing ? '' and dear non-knitter , I 'm here for you . I know you love your knitter , and I know you know your knitter loves knitting , and I know that in the past , you 've thought about buying some knitter stuff for them for Christmas , but it was all too much and then you bought that sweater for them instead and you think they liked it , because it was wool - and knitters like wool , right ? You betcha , but let 's move on . Over the next 25 days , I 'm going to try and make some suggestions about stuff that knitters like that would make good presents .
Remember though , that knitters , while they have a lot in common , are also really unique . Follow your gut , do the recommended detective work , and follow these rules :
1 . If your knitter has a lot of something ( bags , yarn , magazines ) this is because THEY LIKE THEM A LOT . I know that you would think that if someone has a lot of yarn that they would n't want more as a present , but you would be wrong . Having a lot of something means that your knitter enjoys that thing . It is a good thing to buy .
2 . About that sweater that you bought ? You were so close . The only thing you need to know is that knitters like sweaters , hats , scarves , mittens ... but they like them to come `` some assembly required . '' Pattern and yarn is a better idea than finished item .
3 . Most knitters stashes are arranged in chronological layers , like in archeology . If you go into the stash to see what they like , remember that the newest stuff ( the stuff that your knitter is into right now ) will be on the top or `` canopy '' of the stash . Things deeper down are less reliable , and if you go deep enough to find mint green chunky brushed mohair ? Give up . You 've hit the 80 's .
Let 's begin .
Gifts for knitters , Day One :
Today 's suggestion is knitting paper goods . Note cards , tags ... knitters usually like knitters specific stuff , and they usually know other knitters that they would like to share this stuff with . These are some of my very favourites , but if you do n't like what I like , try googling `` Knitting stationary '' `` knitting cards '' or `` Knitting notes . '' Etsy ( a place where you can buy handmade stuff in a variety of online shops ) is a really good place to look . Knitters make handmade stuff , they appreciate the stuff other people make too .
Is your knitter super classy ? Do they send thank you notes ? Write letters ? They might love these beautiful embossed knitting notes from Papersheep press .
Tilly Flop makes classic , wonderful knitting notes that I adore . Right now my favourite is `` Keep calm and cast on ''
Finally , and this is a good one if your knitter is a bit of a smartarse , Kniterella .
I have a special fondness for the notecards that say stuff like `` If Knitting is wrong I do n't want to be right '' , and I love the gift tags , that say things like `` Just because it 's handmade , does n't mean it was cheap ''
Good hunting , and if it seems to you like this is n't right for your knitter , do n't panic . I 've got 24 more ideas coming your way . Hang in there , and do n't panic .
PS . In case you 're wondering , nobody paid me to promote their products . This is just stuff I like .
PPS . For the knitters : I may have had a small yarn accident last night .
I have a plan though .
PPPS : For the Non-knitters . See that ? I have yarn , but I still bought more .
Posted by Stephanie at December 1 , 2011 11:08 AM
MEDICALGRAPHICS.DEResearchers have edited the human genome before , but always in cells outside the body . Now , biotech company Sangamo Therapeutics is recruiting participants for clinical trials in which patients with hemophilia B , Hurler syndrome , or Hunter syndrome will have the gene coding for one of the enzymes that is non-functional in them stitched into their genomes at double-stranded DNA breaks caused by zinc finger nucleases .
“ This is the first time someone could have a new gene put into their liver , ” Sangamo President and CEO Sandy Macrae told The Scientist . “ It 's a privilege and a responsibility to do ” these trials .
One of the diseases Sangamo will focus on is hemophilia B , which is a severe bleeding disorder caused by a defective or absent gene called F9 . The gene 's protein product , coagulation factor IX , is an enzyme essential for blood clotting .
Two other clinical trials will focus on Hurler and Hunter syndromes . People with these disorders lack a functional copy of two different genes that code for enzymes necessary for breaking down complex polysaccharides involved in development , angiogenesis , and more . Without these enzymes , specific types of polysaccharides called glycosaminoglycans build up in cells , which can cause neurologic issues and cardiovascular disease , among other complications .
In all three trials , the zinc finger nucleases cut a target spot in the gene for albumin in hepatocytes , and the functional copy of the relevant gene is incorporated by homologous recombination .
The initial phase of one trial involves three pairs of men with severe hemophilia B , who will each receive a low , medium , or high intravenous dose of a drug called SB-FIX , composed of three adeno-associated viruses : two contain the genes for the zinc finger nucleases and the third has the functional F9 gene .
Macrae said the investigators expect that F9 DNA will be incorporated into the target site in the albumin gene in a minority of hepatocytes , but because albumin is so highly expressed in the liver , the patients ' levels of factor IX enzymes could still increase . Once the Sangamo team assesses the drug 's safety and determines its optimal dose , three more men with hemophilia B will enter the trial as part of that dosage group .
Hemophilia B “ is a logical first disease to target because the disease physiology is pretty straightforward , ” said Andrew Davidoff , a pediatric surgeon at St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee . “ If you just replace the missing or defective clotting factor you will essentially cure the patients , ” they explained .
Davidoff is not involved in Sangamo 's upcoming trial , but they have led clinical trials for men with hemophilia B , in which adeno-associated viruses deliver a functional copy of F9 to the liver . The gene cassette in Davidoff 's trials is not incorporated into the patients ' genomes , instead existing in liver cells as extra-genomic DNA called episomes . “ By not integrating , if the target cell divides you may lose that material , ” Davidoff explained .
But even without genomic integration of F9 , the men that received the treatment in Davidoff 's trials still had increases in the clotting factor that led to clinical improvements . The earliest participants have shown consistent levels of circulating factor IX for more than seven years . “ It 's been a little surprising that things have been so stable , ” Davidoff said . “ Part of the answer is that the liver cells rarely divide in the absence of trauma or surgery . ”
Macrae said that one advantage of Sangamo 's strategy in the current trials is that it is “ a lifelong solution. ” Once the zinc finger nucleases facilitate integration of the functional copy of the gene into the genomes of participants ' liver cells , F9 should be stably expressed .
Paula Cannon , a gene therapy researcher at the University of Southern California 's Keck School of Medicine in Los Angeles , described the albumin gene as a “ safe harbor site ” —a genomic location that has been determined experimentally to be a good place for genes to be inserted and expressed long-term . Cannon is not involved in the current trials , but they worked with Sangamo previously to use zinc finger nucleases to edit a gene in human cells to make the cells ' progeny resistant to HIV infection .
Both zinc finger nucleases and the CRISPR/Cas9 system are capable of cutting DNA in a site-specific manner , Cannon told The Scientist , but they added that there are advantages for zinc finger nucleases in developing clinical therapies . For instance , CRISPR/cas9 has some limitations , namely , that the guide RNA that binds to the target sequence must attach to an anchor sequence , typically two Gs . Thus , CRISPR/Cas9 “ does n't give you quite the degree of specificity , ” they said .
“ Zinc finger nucleases are a little more cumbersome to develop , ” Cannon added , but Sangamo 's system “ gives you very specific and highly effective zinc finger nucleases . They can target ZFNs to cut at any particular base . ”
Another advantage of zinc finger nucleases that Cannon highlighted is their history and approval as investigational new drugs by the US Food and Drug Administration . Zinc finger nucleases have been successfully used to knock out a gene that is involved with HIV entry in human T-cells ' genomes , and when injected in humans , those cells did not elicit an immune response .
One more benefit of zinc finger nucleases is that they are smaller than Cas9 , the enzyme required for the CRISPR/Cas9 system . “ For situations where you 're editing cells outside of the body , that does n't matter , ” Cannon said . “ But if you 're thinking about treating tissues in vivo , as this current trial will be , then you 're looking at a class of vectors called adeno-associated virus vectors . And it 's really hard to squash Cas9 into them because it is just too big . ”
Yet , some obstacles to in vivo genome editing are universal . “ Whether you 're using zinc finger nucleases or similar proteins called TALENs or the CRISPR system , you have a delivery problem , meaning , how do you actually get your product of interest into specific cells and not others , ” said Robert Doms , a pathologist at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine who is not involved in the current clinical trials . “ That 's been a challenge for gene therapy no matter what you 're trying to do . ”
For Sangamo 's current trials , getting any of the drugs to the liver is fairly straightforward , as the adeno-associated virus readily enters hepatocytes from the blood . Macrae explained that other groups have successfully targeted the eye , and that Sangamo may soon refine delivery to the brain . But they agreed that transporting drugs into the right tissues is a looming question . “ I 'm convinced the secret to the future use and application of editing is about delivery , ” they said .
Correction ( May 18 ) : In the fifth paragraph we replaced the word `` nick '' with `` cut '' because the zinc finger nucleases make a double-stranded break , not a single-stranded nick . The Scientist regrets any confusion .
Corruption and secrecy in the oil , gas and mining industries takes a serious toll on developing and emerging economies . It negatively affects human rights , governance , global development and security .
A provision of the new Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation shines a light on the deals that oil , gas and mining companies make with foreign governments , however oil executives are lobbying the Securities and Exchange Commission for special exemptions for themselves in this new law .
We 've compiled a slideshow of the top 10 oil exporting countries and listed the cost that corruption and financial opacity has on each country 's economy . This is a serious problem , and we must ensure that the SEC issues strong proposals that do n't exempt oil companies from this important law .
Flip through the slideshow and then click here to take action and learn more .
Welcome to our former page for volunteer opportunities at Wardenclyffe ! From 2013 to early 2016 we held regular cleanup work sessions that transformed the overgrown former industrial site into an accessible campus . Since then , the focus has shifted to preparing for the restoration of the historic laboratory , the groundwork for a master plan for the entire campus , and an overarching fundraising strategy , including a much-needed renovation of the website and outreach via various campaigns .
We will continue to maintain this page and post links to relevant information and opportunities . Meanwhile , if you volunteered in the past , thank you so very much for your contributions . If you are looking for more volunteer opportunities , then we ask for your patience as we explore and develop ways to include volunteers in our new projects .
Chris Wesselborg
Volunteer Coordinator
www.TeslaScienceCenter.org
CWesselborg @ TeslaScienceCenter.org
@ teslascience
5 Randall Rd , Shoreham , NY ( GPS : 40.948358 , -72.901001 )
Tesla Wardenclyffe volunteers are `` People of the Year 2013 ''
China 's problem is rampant growth in money supply . Instead of curbing the problem , China prepares to address the symptoms , city by city it appears .
Please consider Shanghai Prepares for Property Tax to Curb ‘ Speculative ' Buying
Shanghai , China 's financial center , will this year prepare for a trial property tax , becoming one of the first cities in the nation to introduce the measure aimed at curbing “ speculative ” investment .
Mayor Han Zheng announced the move in a speech to the Municipal People 's Congress yesterday , without giving details of how much the tax would be or when it would be implemented . Shanghai and southwestern Chongqing are the two cities that will begin trials of a property tax , according to a Jan. 10 report by Nomura Holdings Inc. , which expects China to selectively introduce a tax rate of about 0.8 percent .
“ We will step up macro-control measures , prioritize the supply of non-luxury residential units to be owned and occupied by ordinary citizens , and prepare for the trial reform on property tax as required by the central government , ” Han said .
China has pledged to speed up property tax trials to rein in surging prices that have made housing too expensive for an increasing proportion of the population . Premier Wen Jiabao said on Dec. 26 that measures control housing costs were n't well implemented and that they would introduce more policies to crack down on speculation . China has tightened rules on down payments , suspended mortgages for third homes last year .
Shanghai will begin building 220,000 units of subsidized housing as it pushes plans to create affordable homes , Han said in a report to the congress in Shanghai . The municipality aims to add 1 million units of subsidized housing from this year to 2015 , they said .
Beijing wo n't join the property tax trial , the Beijing News reported today , citing Deputy Mayor Ji Lin . The Chinese capital will try to finish 100,000 units of subsidized housing this year , acting “ firmly ” to curb rising property prices , Xinhua said , citing Mayor Guo Jinlong .
Home prices in Shanghai jumped 26.1 percent in 2010 and those in Chongqing surged 29.4 percent , according to Soufun Holdings Ltd. , the country 's biggest real estate website owner .
Unworkable Measures
Chinese Pig Farmers Speculate In Copper
Pig farmers and other speculators may have amassed more than 50,000 metric tons , Jeremy Goldwyn , who oversees business development in Asia for London-based Sucden , wrote in an e- mailed report after a visit to China . That 's about half the level of inventories tallied by the Shanghai Futures Exchange , which stood last week at a two-year high of 97,396 tons .
Sucden 's estimate underscores the difficulty analysts face in gauging metals demand in China amid increased speculation by retail investors , whose holdings remain outside the reporting framework undertaken by exchanges . Private investors in China also had as much as 20,000 tons of nickel , Goldwyn wrote .
Before getting into to the relationship between copper and pork products , I want to draw your attention to what makes me nervous , have a look at these photos from China . They are excerpted from a China Central Television Channel ( CCTV ) program documenting private speculation and hoarding of metals throughout the country . According to an associate of mine at an Asia-focused hedge fund who was just in China , “ It 's pervasive ; people are piling this stuff up in their backyards . ”
Michael Pettis on Lending Quotas
It seems to me that if Beijing wants GDP growth in 2011 to come in at the expected 9 % , the amount of new investment in China – which is determined in large part by the banking system – is really not something they can decide today . It is going to be whatever it needs to be given developments in household consumption growth and the trade surplus .
This is why I argued a few weeks ago that at whatever level the new loan quota was set , I was not going to think of it as constraining new lending in any way . Either the loan quota would be adjusted ( upwards , almost inevitably ) or more new lending would occur outside the banks ' balance sheets , as it did in 2009 and 2010 .
Investment this year I suspect is going to be extremely high , as high as in 2009 and 2010 , because it is only with very high levels of investment that we are likely to manage GDP growth rates high enough to keep Beijing happy .
So my guess is that 2011 will be yet another year in this increasingly strained investment-driven party . Chinese GDP growth will continue to be the envy of the world , while those of us who worry about the sustainability and quality of the growth will worry more than ever . The banks will probably rush to expand lending in the first quarter , out of fear that they may be restricted later in the year . And of course we will all be watching the trade account very closely .
On the topic of trade I am going to put on my broken-record hat and say what I have been saying for two years . Forget about momentary thaws , feel-good speeches , and pious posturing . The global trade environment is not about to get better . All of the distortions and strains remain , and the crisis in Europe is putting more pressure than ever on a resolution . ....
No Comments
CONFIRMED : Toyota Supra Successor to Launch in 2018
We 've speculated and guessed and wondered about a potential Toyota Supra successor for years and it finally seems as though the time for conjecture is over—because according to Autocar , it 's a done deal : the next-generation Toyota Supra will arrive in 2018 shortly after its partner car , the BMW Z5 .
We 've known since 2012 that BMW and Toyota were working together on a car , the hypothesis being that the former was building a successor to the Z4 and the latter building one to the Supra . We heard that the Supra would be a hybrid , that it would be called the S-FR , that it would look like the FT-1 Concept , and that it would be built by Magna-Steyr—but really , all throughout , we did n't really know anything for sure .
Nonetheless , it seems the rumors were substantiated as just about all of them have been confirmed . We know , for instance , that the new Supra will be placed above the Toyota 86 ( formerly the Scion FR-S ) in the automaker 's lineup and will be based on the FT-1 Concept that was first unveiled at the Detroit Auto Show in 2014 .
Under the hood , it 'll have a hybrid four-wheel-drive powertrain ( though we wonder if Autocar did n't mean to say “ all-wheel-drive ” instead ) , which pairs a BMW gasoline engine with an electric motor that stores energy in a supercapacitor—yes , even that rumor was true . It will use carbon fiber and , according to BMW board member Ian Robertson , a single factory is likely to produce both models .
At this point , sports car enthusiasts probably wondering why BMW and Toyota are collaborating on this ; are n't the Z5 and Supra going to compete with each other ? Robertson says they wo n't but does n't really go into detail as to why not , and even mentions that the engineers are arguing over which car they would rather have . Surely that must be a preview of what to expect among reviewers once the Z5 and Supra have both been launched .
Even if they do take the same position in the market , two choices are better than one would n't you say ?
Source : Autocar
Over the weekend tens of thousands of Americans once more took to the streets to protest Donald Trump . In major cities and small towns across the country , citizens demanded that their president do what every president for the past 40 years has done : release their tax returns . Trump 's response was to petulantly tweet that they did the impossible for a Republican by winning the Electoral College vote ( the opposite is true ; just ask George W. Bush ) and suggesting that someone `` look into '' who paid the protesters because `` the election is over . ''
Evidently they thought that winning the election meant everyone would march in lockstep singing `` We love you , President Trump ! '' like they do in North Korea . He 'd better get used to protests because they are n't going to stop . ( The March for Science next weekend should really make them mad . )
Advertisement :
The anti-Trump resistance is very much a grassroots effort , but there are leaders emerging . One of the most vocal is Rep. Maxine Waters , a Democrat who represents Los Angeles . Appearing at the Washington Tax Day march last Saturday , Waters put it bluntly : `` I do n't respect this president , '' they said . `` I do n't trust this president . He 's not working in the best interests of the American people . I will fight every day until they are impeached ! '' Then they led the crowd in a chant of `` Impeach 45 ! '' It does n't get any more resistant than that .
Waters has always been a tough and forceful politician , unafraid to take a position and speak their mind . They first came to national attention after the violence following the acquittal of police officers in the beating of Rodney King when they went on TV and explained to America through gritted teeth that the African-American community in L.A. had n't just exploded out of nowhere . It was a message a lot of people did n't want to hear , but they made sure they received it anyway . They have been a thorn in the side of conservatives ever since then , once inspiring Ann Coulter to venomously spew that without affirmative action Waters `` would n't have a job that did n't involve wearing a paper hat . '' Right-wingers often lose their composure when confronted with such a strong , unapologetic African-American woman who is unafraid of getting right up in their faces .
Waters has been appearing on TV again lately , and they have plenty to say about all the various Trump scandals . Them message is very simple : Trump must be impeached . Obviously Republicans are outraged ( as usual ) , insisting that such talk is downright seditious . Very few Democrats are ready to join them at this point either . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi believes such talk is premature at best ; they have said that Trump is `` incoherent , '' `` incompetent '' and `` reckless , '' but has insisted those are n't grounds for impeachment . According to Clare Malone at FiveThirtyEight , Waters understands that Pelosi has an obligation to stay above the fray but has said , “ I do n't have the same responsibility. ” They see themselves in a completely different role .
It may seem that Waters just has a pugilistic personality and is out front because it 's their political style to mix it up . But there is a strategy at work in this . After all , it was n't that long ago that a president was impeached for only the second time in history and this was over a `` crime '' that seems laughably insubstantial compared to the possibilities that Donald Trump could face . Just for starters , Trump 's presidential campaign is being investigated in a counterintelligence probe , and the list of their conflicts of interest are so wide-ranging and so deep that almost anything could implicate them in a corruption scandal . Impeachment is really not a far-fetched proposition .
Back in the 1990s , President Bill Clinton 's administration was under siege from almost the moment they took office . There was one small-bore , semi-fictitious scandal after another , from Filegate to Travelgate and Haircutgate to Vince Foster 's suicide and , of course , the ancient Arkansas land deal known as Whitewater , from years before Clinton ran for president . The media lapped them up , reporting each new development with breathless excitement , piling them on top of one another until it seemed as though there was n't anything else happening in the world .
Some of the motivation for all this was simple partisan payback . Republican Richard Nixon was a crook who had been run out of Washington and the GOP-ers were yearning to return the favor . Their defeat of the Democrat Jimmy Carter in 1980 was nice but it was n't enough . Republicans wanted to rub the Democrats ' smug , self-righteous faces in the dirt and what the political establishment considered to be the Southern Gothic fever swamp that accompanied Clinton to Washington offered an excellent opportunity . But in spite of the Republicans ' deep desire to get Clinton , their primary game plan was merely to force their resignation ( as had happened with Nixon ) . There was very little discussion of impeachment through all those years of endless scandalmongering .
Advertisement :
Only one man , Rep. Bob Barr , R-Ga. , kept bringing it up despite strong pushback from then House Speaker Newt Gingrich and every other member of the GOP leadership . House Majority Leader Dick Armey , R-Texas , said at the time , `` I do n't think we have the kind of evidentiary basis to be talking about impeachment at this time . I do n't really think you should , when it 's such an important matter and it 's frankly still in the abstract . ''
Barr kept at it . Before anyone had heard of the name Monica Lewinsky or read the salacious report ultimately produced by independent counsel Ken Starr , Barr had introduced House Resolution 304 , directing the House Judiciary Committee to investigate whether grounds existed to impeach the president . When the Lewinsky scandal broke , unanticipated by anyone ( including Barr ) , the groundwork had been laid .
Waters is following the Barr model . Impeachment is the nuclear option of nuclear options , when it comes to Congress ' confronting the president . It 's the only means by which a president can be removed from office for cause and it is n't easy to do , especially when the president 's party holds the majority . ( Only two presidents have ever been impeached by the House — Clinton and Andrew Johnson —and neither was convicted in the Senate , where a two-thirds majority is required . ) But if one of Trump 's many scandals should end up implicating them in a crime , it 's important that the Democrats and the American people be ready for it . Waters is getting the I-word out there into the atmosphere and priming Trump 's political opposition . It 's a job that takes guts and foresight and she 's good at it .
If the Democrats can pull off a wave election in 2018 and take back the House , they will be ready to follow an impeachment investigation wherever it leads . That will largely be thanks to Maxine Waters .
The small minority of women who elect to continue Down Syndrome pregnancies have vigorously asserted that the burden of raising a DS child has been exaggerated and that there would be fewer terminations if women were given more accurate information . However , the scientific research does not support those claims and , in fact , demonstrates the opposite .
Physical and Mental Health in Mothers of Children with Down Syndrome by Bourke , et al , was published in the Journal of Pediatrics in September 2008 . It showed that mothers of DS children scored lower on measures of both physical and mental health . Indeed , mothers ' the decrease in physical and mental was closely associated with the functional level of the child .
According to the authors :
This study found that the most important predictors of maternal health , particularly mental health , were the child 's behavioral difficulties , the child 's level of everyday functioning , the child 's progress in community participation involving shopping and travel , and to a lesser degree , the child 's current health status… We found that the mental health of mothers was strongly influenced by child behavior and care-giving demands . These results are similar to studies of psychological stress in caregivers of children with disability or chronic disease… [ T ] he average peopletal health score of the mothers in our study was significantly lower than the average score reported for both South Australia and Western Australia . Interestingly , the effect of care giving on maternal physical health appeared less dramatic… In our multivariate analysis for maternal physical health we showed that mothers of children who scored higher on the disruptive/antisocial subscale of the DBC displayed worse physical health… Our study has corroborated earlier findings that behavior problems are the single most important child characteristic that predicts maternal psychological well-being… Intellectual disability appears to predispose individuals to emotional or behavioral problems… Eisenhower et al showed at age 3 , behavioral problems in children with Down syndrome are comparable to those of typically developing children . However , over the next 2 years there was a relative increase in behavior problems in their Down syndrome cohort and , in turn , maternal stress . In our study , mothers of children with higher everyday functioning experienced better mental health . In particular , mothers reported better mental health if their children required no help or supervision in dressing , problem-solving and , for children over 12 years , using the telephone . Similarly , mothers reported better mental health if their child aged over 12 years required supervision but no help in using the telephone , using public transportation , and attending social events…
These results are hardly surprising . A child 's disability has an impact on the mother 's physical and mental health and that impact is correlated with the child 's level of functioning . Instead of experiencing a DS child as “ enriching , ” mothers experienced the child as a significant stress , particularly if the child was low functioning . The authors did not investigate the impact of a DS child on marital happiness or the well being of other children in the family . However , it seems reasonable to assume that a stress large enough to impact both the physical and mental health of mothers is likely to have effects that extend to their roles as spouse and as parent to their other children .
None of this is an argument for termination . That is a decision that is and should be left to the mother . However , it is an argument for opposing the attempts of current DS parents to “ educate ” women facing the termination decision . Those parents who are anxious to “ counsel ” others are not representative of DS parents and therefore , could not possibly provide unbiased , accurate information .
NEW YORK -- A painting by Amedeo Modigliani fetched $ 170.4 million at an auction Monday , setting a world record for the artist and achieving the second highest price ever garnered for a work of art at auction .
`` Reclining Nude '' was sold at Christie 's in Manhattan after a protracted bidding battle to a buyer who wished to remain anonymous , according to the auction house .
Considered one of their best known works , the 1917-1918 painting nearly created a scandal when it was first exhibited in Paris . It depicts an unknown nude model reclining on a crimson couch and blue cushion .
The previous auction record for a Modigliani was $ 71 million .
Pablo Picasso 's painting `` Women of Algiers ( Version O ) '' set the record for the highest sum ever paid for an artwork at auction . It sold for $ 179.4 million at Christie 's in May .
A Roy Lichtenstein painting not seen on the market for 20 years also set a world record for the artist . `` Nurse '' sold for $ 95.3 million , almost doubling the previous auction record for the pop artist of $ 56 million .
Impressionist , modern and contemporary art by well-known artists `` do not require a tremendous amount of aesthetic or intellectual risk on the part of the collector , '' said Sarah Lichtman , assistant professor of design history at Parson School of Design . `` They are beautiful paintings - some even exceptional as is the Modigliani - but they are tried and true . ''
Christie 's expects to sell at least $ 1 billion of art over a series of evening , day and online sales this week .
`` There is clearly good appetite among collectors for exceptional works of art offered with appropriate estimates , '' said Brook Hazelton , president of the Americas for Christie 's . `` This is a very broad and globally diverse market at the moment , with strong interest in paintings , sculpture and works on paper from the $ 10,000 level straight up to multimillion-dollar masterpieces at the top end . ''
Also on sale Monday night were two major works by Paul Gauguin from their Tahiti period .
`` Therese , '' a carved wooden figure of a Tahitian female , brought in a record $ 30.9 million , topping its presale high estimate of $ 25 million . The previous auction record for a sculpture by the artist was $ 11.2 million .
The other Gauguin , `` Young Man with a Flower , '' is a painting of a Tahitian youth wearing a white shirt , loose cravat and a white blossom tucked behind their ear . Christie 's said it fetched $ 13.6 million , just above its low pre-sale estimate of $ 12 million .
The portrait 's first owner was Henri Matisse , who paid 200 francs for it in 1900 . Later owners included John Quinn and Lillie Bliss , one of the original founders of the Museum of Modern Art in New York .
Modigliani painting sells for record price at Sotheby 's auction
The current auction record for a Gauguin painting is $ 40.3 million .
Among other highlights of `` The Artist 's Muse '' sale is Pablo Picasso 's `` Man with a Sword , '' a self-portrait of the artist as a musketeer created in 1969 . It sold for $ 22.5 million . Christie 's said interest in Picasso 's late period musketeer portraits has grown dramatically in recent years .
Also of interest were two works by Lucian Freud .
`` Naked Portrait on a Red Sofa '' is a portrait of the artist 's daughter , the fashion designer Bella Freud . Its pre-sale estimate was $ 20 million to $ 30 million , but it failed to sell Monday night . One of a series of portraits of their daughters , it is the first time it was offered at auction .
On Tuesday , Christie 's is offering Freud 's `` Brigadier , '' a portrait of Andrew Parker Bowles , the former husband of Camilla Parker-Bowles , now the wife of Prince Charles . It was on view at the 2012 retrospective of the artist at the National Portrait Gallery in London and portrays the career soldier wearing their sumptuous army brigadier uniform . It 's estimated to sell for around $ 30 million .
Tuesday 's post-war and contemporary art sale also has a mammoth bronze `` Spider '' sculpture by Louise Bourgeois , estimated at $ 25 million to $ 35 million . If realized , that price would exceed the artist 's current auction record of $ 10.7 million and set a record for a sculpture by a female artist .
ARM-based processors may dominate the Android space right now . But Google 's mobile operating system can also run on phones , tablets , and other devices with x86 or MIPS-based processors .
We 've seen a number of low-cost MIPs-based products running Android 4.0 including the iPPea $ 50 PC-on-a-stick and $ 100 Ainol Novo 7 tablet .
Now Computer World reports that MIPS is porting Android 4.1 Jelly Bean to run on MIPS-based hardware .
MIPS is also working with Android app developers to make sure some top tier apps are available for MIPS devices . Google recently added support for MIPS to its Native Development Kit , and MIPS recently announced that the makers of Fruit Ninja and the Opera web browser had added support for the chip architecture .
One advantage MIPS has over ARM is that while most ARM chips are based on 32-bit designs , MIPs offers both 32-bit and 64-bit processors designs .
You do n't see a lot of MIPS-based tablets in the US , but the low power , low-cost devices do well in China , India , and Latin America , among other places .
If you do want to get your hands on one in the US , you can find a number of different models going for less than $ 100 at AliExpress , a marketplace where Chinese device manufacturers regularly offer inexpensive electronics to international customers .
Claims That “ Terrorists ” Cut The Web Fall Flat
Doug Bernard | Washington DC
Update December 3 , 1330 UTC : Renesys ' Jame Cowie writes on the company blog that Internet service has been almost fully restored in Syria . Traffic began flowing into and out of Syria at 4:30pm Damascus time on Saturday afternoon :
“ The restoration was achieved just as quickly and neatly as the outage : like a switch being thrown . Does that mean that we believe the government ( or the opposition ) threw the switch ? Frankly , the data available just do n't support attribution at this point , despite all the speculation . ”
At 12:26 pm , Damascus time , on Thursday afternoon , the nation of Syria disappeared from the Internet . Practically speaking , at least .
“ In the global routing table , all 84 of Syria 's IP address blocks have become unreachable , effectively removing the country from the Internet , ” writes James Cowie , chief technology officer at Renesys , in the company blog :
“ Looking closely at the continuing Internet blackout in Syria , we can see that traceroutes into Syria are failing , exactly as one would expect for a major outage . The primary autonomous system for Syria is the Syrian Telecommunications Establishment ; all of their customer networks are currently unreachable . ”
Never mind the techno-lingo . What this means is that , for the moment , computer networks outside of Syria have no paths or gates to enter and transmit data into the nation . Computers within Syria similarly have no means of ‘ talking ' to the rest of the world . The only other way to cut Syria off from the Internet as effectively would be to actually sever the lines .
The government of Syria quickly blamed “ terrorists ” for the Internet outage , but several factors raise doubts about that claim .
First is the timing : the blackout comes amid numerous reports of increased fighting around Damascus International Airport . Second , scattered reports coming out of Syria suggest that both mobile and land line phone service have become spotty , particularly in and around the capital city . Both factors hint at what may be a government that is either concerned about its stability , or perhaps preparing for a major offensive that it would rather the rest of the world not know about .
But most suspicious is the manner of the Internet shutdown itself . As Cowie notes , presently 100 % of all the Internet address paths into Syria are failing . Another firm , Akamai , that monitors Internet traffic like Renesys , has confirmed the timing and near totality of this blackout . While data is still being analyzed , it appears initially to some that the cutoff mirrors that in Egypt in January of 2011 . Then , the Mubarak government was the first to try erasing itself from the web by removing BGPs , or Border Gateway Protocols , from the web – an outage that was also first picked up by Renesys . Writing then we noted :
BGPs are like maps used by service providers and traffic routers to deliver data from one computer to another as efficiently as possible . Erase the map , and the data has no place to go . “ They raised the digital drawbridge , ” says Rodney Joffe , senior technologist with the DNS service provider firm Neustar . Speaking with New Zealand 's “ Computerworld “ , Joffe likened Egypt 's actions to flipping a virtual kill switch .
Terrorists , even very sophisticated ones , might be able to take down a few service providers , or create havoc at specific websites or networks . But the only entity that can effectively destroy every Internet map into and out of the nation is the national government itself .
For the moment , Renesys ' James Cowie tells VOA that he 's not yet sure about the technical reasons for Syria suddenly going dark , but it seems likely who 's to blame :
“ We ca n't see how they did it yet , but we can infer that the Internet was probably turned off in some central location . That could be the result of a government decision ( “ flipping a switch ” ) , or it could be a side effect of an opposition action ( power outage , facility destruction ) . Anything short of facilities destruction would be the ‘ best case ' because it implies that the Internet could be brought back online as quickly as it was taken away .
Several outside activist groups , aligned with the Syria rebels , say they are working on building temporary bridges to the Internet for those inside Syria via land line phones , but the security of those lines has not been established .
We 'll keep you updated .
Meet internet sensation Meika Woollard . They became a top Australian kid 's commercial and fashion model at just three years old . They have shot several high profile campaigns for big names such as Myer , Country Road , Witchery and Bardot Jr , and also walked in fashion parades . Meika has done multiple music videos . They signed with IMG Worldwide at the age of 12 . Now at 13 and at a height 174cms tall they have been verified on Instagram and Facebook and has become Australia 's most followed female teenage model .
How old are you and where are you from ?
I 've just turned 13 years old and live in Melbourne , Australia with my Mum and Dad and two younger sisters India ( 11 ) and River ( 7 ) who also love modelling .
How did you start modelling , talk us through the process from start to finish ?
When I was 3 years old a brand stopped my mother and asked if they could use my younger sister in a campaign , then when we turned up they saw me and wanted to use the two of us . From then on we got stopped a lot by people asking if they could use my sisters and I for different campaigns so mum approached a few agencies . We have done lots of different shoots at lots of different locations and the ones that we booked together as sisters are still the ones I love the most .
What was your first big break in the industry ?
My big break was when I was around 6 I started doing Country Road Campaigns which resulted in me being on 2 story high billboards in Chapel St Melbourne . I think I ended up being on around 4 massive billboards for Country Road .
What has been your favourite job so far ?
My favourite was when I was flown over to LA by L'Official to feature in their campaign for “ Top 100 most beautiful children of the world ” . It was amazing having the opportunity to fly across the world to shoot with some amazing kids and photographers . I made some great friendships from that assignment that will last a lifetime .
What is your dream modelling job ?
I would love to one day be on the front cover of Vogue , Walk for Victoria 's Secret and wear the amazing wings . Whilst I am still young I have a certain determination to excel in the modelling industry and I will work really hard to hopefully achieve my dream .
How do you deal with all the travelling required to be a model ?
I love the travelling ; it 's exciting to see new places . Sometimes its tiring catching planes , early morning starts on freezing cold days but overall it is incredible to have this opportunity and I am grateful of all of the experiences . I also love to share my experiences of shoots and the beautiful locations we go to on social media ( Instagram and Facebook ) and somehow it feels like my followers and I are doing this together .
When you 're not busy modeling , what are some of your favourite things to do ?
I love anything to do with water . I love the beach . I love wakeboarding . I love swimming . Sport is also very important to me and I play in two basketball teams .
If you were n't a model , what would you want to do ?
If I were n't a model I would like to be a pilot so I could see the world and experience different cultures .
Where is your favourite place to travel ?
My favourite place to travel is Bali Indonesia . The Balinese people are so kind and caring and we have had many family holidays there with so many awesome memories .
What 's one of the most interesting shoots that you 've done ?
One of the most interesting shoots that I 've done would have to be the film clip for a band called Peking Duk . Being a part of the production was amazing and seeing how it all gets put together to make the music video was really cool . The song was called ‘ Take me Over ' and it went Top 10 on the Australian charts so it got a lot of air time on the music channels and it still remains on of my favourite songs today .
You are quite active on Instagram . Do you think it is necessary for models to be active on social media ?
My individual experience on social media has been great . I love all of my followers and love the comments and messages they send me . I love that Instagram is a worldwide platform and that people from all over the globe have taken an interest in my journey as a model . I love sharing images from my photo shoots and giving people an insight into my life . I think social media should be a fun and positive experience whether you 're a model or not so I would encourage anyone to be on social media so long as it remains fun .
You have a lot of followers but what kind of accounts are you following ? What are 3 Instagram accounts that inspire you and why ?
@ modelsmundo This account features some amazing photographers and models from around the world .
@ victoriassecret Because one day I will walk for them …haha !
@ worldtravelpics This account shows travel photos from around the world .
Which five words would your friends use to describe you ?
Loyal , funny , goofy , caring and sporty
What is your all-time favourite movie and why ?
Zoolander …… .. Because it 's so funny ! I laughed all the way through it .
Do you have any model friend you would like to see interviewed by Flawless Magazine ?
Jasmine Dwyer @ jasminedwyer
What advice do you have for other kids your age that want to become a model ?
Send your photos into some modelling agencies and choose the one that you click with , remember to just be yourself . . Do your homework to ensure your chosen agency is reputable .
Most of all make sure the whole modelling experience remains fun and go and follow your dreams .
Photos by Marius Luppino
@ mariusluppino
Meika Wears Pretty Little Thing
@ PrettyLittleThing
Bill O'Reilly on the set . ( Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images )
No , PolitiFact did not show that half of Fox News statements are false .
The headlines were inevitable : “ Fact-Checking Site Finds Fox News Only Tells the Truth 18 Percent of the Time , ” “ Analysis : Over Half of ALL Statements Made On Fox News Are False , ” “ Fox News wins battle for most-false cable network. ” One particularly dim-witted account , written by Jameson Parker , reads : “ A new analysis by PunditFact found that of every statement made by a Fox News host or guest , over half of them were flat-out false . What 's more , only a measly 8 percent could be considered completely ‘ true . ' In other words , a fancy review of hundreds of hours of video confirmed what many who watch Fox News with any regularity already know : Fox News lies . A lot . Like all the time . ”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The “ study ” from PunditFact ( a subdivision of PolitiFact ) , which is not really a study , says no such thing . You do not have to rely on my word for that : PunditFact itself warns against using its figures “ to draw broad conclusions , ” e.g . that Fox News lies “ like all the time. ” ( Like , is this like a 1980s Valley-girl movie , or are you just , like , functionally illiterate ? ) That is because the study is an exercise in drawing nonsensical conclusions from arbitrary data .
The most obvious problem — though certainly not the only problem , not even close — is selection bias : PolitiFact is a readership-driven online publication , and thus it exercises a great deal of discretion about which statements it chooses to evaluate and why . The most obvious factor is that it evaluates only statements that are disputed . Specifically , it evaluates only statements that are disputed and that its editors believe will be of some interest or benefit to its readers .
Advertisement
Fox News is a personalities-driven opinion network with occasional news reports ; it is inevitable that its broadcast hours will be more rapidly punctuated by controversial statements than those of , for example , ABC . Unsurprisingly , the opinion-heavy Fox News and MSNBC both have relatively high falsehood scores on the PolitiFact report card , while CNN does n't . It 's not as though Michaela Pereira never says anything that might be disputed — they simply never says anything that is interesting , true or false , so nobody cares . Or , as PolitiFact puts it : “ We use our news judgment to pick the facts we 're going to check , so we certainly do n't fact-check everything . And we do n't fact-check the five network groups evenly . ”
No kidding . Say what you will about Bill O'Reilly , nobody ever made a living out of pretending to be Rachel Maddow . ( No , Chris Hayes does n't count . )
Advertisement
Advertisement
PolitiFact 's kindergarten-level methodology here is to take the total number of statements it evaluates , tally up the “ mostly false , ” “ false , ” and “ pants on fire ” ratings , and then do a little division . Given the underlying selection issues , this amounts to nothing more than doing meaningless arithmetic on meaningless data . If PunditFact editor Aaron Sharockman spent more than 20 minutes on this so-called research , they should demand a refund from their university . ( Given that they have a B.A . in journalism , they should demand a refund on general principles . )
By the same measure , approximately 100 percent of statements made by Paul Krugman evaluated in National Review are 1. mostly false ; 2. false ; 3. pants-on-fire ; or , my own favorite designation , 4. wearing-full-Wayne-Newton-makeup-while-singing- “ Danke Schoen ” -at-4-a.m.-under-a-bridge-in-Cleveland crazy . But that does not mean that the sum of what comes out of Professor Krugman 's mouth is 99 and 44/100 percent pure B.S. , like some Bizarro World version of Ivory Soap — it just means that we mostly tend to take notice of them when he 's wrong . If they say you should try the cheese plate at Il Bambino , give the claim due consideration .
The deeper problem with PunditFact is the bias in how it evaluates statements . Consider two structurally identical questions : In the first , it considered Chris Wallace 's claim that Hillary Clinton had “ defended Syria 's President Assad as a possible reformer at the start of that country 's civil war. ” That statement , the editors decided , was only half-true , because that was “ not expressly their opinion. ” Rather , they had said that members of Congress of both parties who had visited Syria had suggested that Assad was a possible reformer . ( Never mind that Mrs. Clinton 's claim is itself untrue , a three-Pinocchio offender in the Washington Post 's judgment . )
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the second instance , PunditFact considered a claim from Bill O'Reilly , made during an interview with President Barack Obama , that they had not accused the administration of obscuring the motive behind the Benghazi attack for political reasons . O'Reilly had in fact interviewed people who said that , but they themselves had not made that claim . PunditFact nonetheless rates it “ mostly false , ” because O'Reilly had , in its view , “ nurtured suspicion. ” Mr. O'Reilly and Mrs. Clinton were engaged in precisely the same rhetorical strategy : the time-honored Washington dodge of using others to suggest indirectly what you think or suspect yourself , e.g . “ it 's a serious charge , ” “ some have said , ” “ it has been suggested that , ” etc . In both cases , the statement was made on Fox News , but Mrs. Clinton gets a pass ( “ not expressly their opinion ” ) while Mr. O'Reilly gets labeled a liar — for precisely the same thing . This is what simple bias looks like .
It 's mostly a matter of sympathy — not with different news networks , but with different political figures . When it considered Eric Bolling 's claim that the great majority of new jobs created during the Obama administration have gone to men , PunditFact labeled that a half-truth , too , even though , in its own words , the “ numbers are right. ” Why ? Because “ as an attack on Obama , it rings hollow. ” Not exactly Karl Popper 's intellectual standards at work .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the fact is that unsupportable , boneheaded claims such as “ over half of ALL ” — thanks for that all-caps attack , Einstein von Brainstorm — “ statements made on Fox News Are False ” will live forever , because people are mostly interested in having their biases confirmed and their values affirmed rather than learning new things about the world and how it works . True , much as I like yelling at people on television , it is pretty hard to feel too bad for Fox News and MSNBC over an exercise in confirmation bias , but this sort of sloppy thinking and malicious manipulation does have the effect of leaving the polity a little dumber than it absolutely has to be . And that is an unforgivable sin .
— Kevin D. Williamson is roving correspondent for National Review .
This piece was originally written for teleSUR English .
Britain finds itself in a general state of pandemonium . The UK is in the midst of a full-blown constitutional crisis , Prime Minister David Cameron has resigned , and both the country 's governing party and the opposition are in the throngs of a fierce internal power struggle .
As the cheerleaders of the leave campaign dither with no clear plan on how to move forward , the financial consequences continue to ripple through the City : within days , the pound collapsed to its lowest level since 1985 , the government 's credit rating was slashed by two full points , and world markets were sent into a tailspin , with a record $ 3 trillion shaved off stock values on Friday and Monday alone . As if things could not get any worse , recent days have also seen reports of an epidemic of hate crimes spreading across the UK .
Reading the headlines , one could easily be forgiven for experiencing the creeping sensation of living through the postmodern equivalent of the apocalypse : the financial press is providing minute-to-minute coverage of the “ battering ” of world markets ; liberal establishment columnists repeatedly declare this to be Britain 's and Europe 's “ worst crisis ” since the Second World War ; and the New York Times has already held Brexit up as the telltale sign of a world order that is slowly falling apart .
To top it all off , a hysterical Tony Blair took to the same pages last weekend to make a desperate plea in defense of globalization and for more of their failed Third Way recipe , proclaiming in characteristic platitudes that “ the center must hold ” ­— as if Yeats ' “ blood-dimmed tide ” and “ mere anarchy ” were about to be loosed upon the world once more .
The immediate cause for all the commotion is clear : Cameron 's risky bet to hold a referendum on Britain 's EU membership has backfired disastrously . The unexpected victory for the leave camp has shaken both Unions to their very core , dividing left and right on either side of the Channel and burning all bridges between them . There is no denying the historic nature of these developments ; the world is a different place after last Thursday , and it is clear that Europe and Britain now find themselves in uncharted territory .
Yet the unspeakable truth is that , at a deeper level , the financial fallout and political pandemonium of recent days has less to do with Britain 's place in Europe than it has with the widening gulf between political elites and European citizens more generally . While racism and anti-immigrant sentiment have been central to the leave campaign from the very start , it is difficult to believe that all 52 percent of Britons who voted leave are committed fascists . Many of these people are ordinary working class folks who are simply fed up with the erosion of their living standards , the disintegration of their communities , and the lack of responsiveness of their political representatives and the unaccountable technocracy that has “ taken control ” over their lives . Brexit was first and foremost a political statement by the dispossessed and disempowered .
The reason this statement has proven so explosive is because the referendum happened to sit on the convergence point of a number of profoundly unstable social and political fault-lines , all of which were shaking well before Brexit , all of which would have trembled even in the absence of Brexit , and all of which will continue to quake and thunder for a very long time after Brexit . It is highly unlikely that a victory for remain would have produced a very different outcome in the long run — it would certainly not have stemmed any of the discontent , pacified any of the social tensions , or resolved any of the political conflicts that underlie the referendum 's shock outcome .
While Brexit clearly hands victory to the bigots of UKIP and the Tory right , a victory for remain would simply have perpetuated the anti-democratic neoliberal masochism that produced the motivation for people to align themselves with these bigots in the first place . In this light , we have to stop seeing the rabid nationalism of the far-right and the neoliberal cosmopolitanism of the pro-EU camp as polar opposites — in reality , the former is the logical outgrowth of the latter ; its deformed Siamese twin in flesh and blood . The only thing the pro-EU camp was able to offer British voters was a continuation of the structural conditions that led to Brexit , combined with fanatical fear-mongering over the consequences of that outcome .
Ultimately , the British vote to leave the EU , whether it eventually materializes or not ( and there is no guarantee that it will ) , is symptomatic of a much deeper and much more debilitating crisis : a structural crisis of democratic capitalism that has in recent years evolved from a global financial crisis into a deepening legitimation crisis of the political establishment , which is now in turn exploding into a full-blown crisis of governability of the existing social and political order . The fault-lines currently opening up in British and European politics would have eventually laid waste to the stability of the continent 's postwar order regardless of the outcome of this particular referendum . Brexit will simply speed up that ongoing process of political decomposition .
It is important to remember in this respect that David Cameron did not call this referendum because they truly cared about the opinion of ordinary people on the EU . Like Alexis Tsipras last year , they called the referendum in a risky and desperate gambit to keep their flailing party together — to silence the Tories ' eurosceptic right wing , disarm the constant backbencher challenges to their leadership , and inoculate the government against future defections to UKIP . This vote was never really about the EU ; it was about one of the figureheads of Europe 's crumbling neoliberal center trying to reassert their hold over a party that was once the stable bedrock of the UK 's landed aristocracy and its metropolitan bourgeoisie , but that is now rapidly disintegrating in the face of a resurgent reactionary right .
The ongoing coup against Jeremy Corbyn similarly has little to do with Europe . As an article in the Telegraph from June 13 confirms , Labour MPs and the Blairite wing of the party have been plotting an anti-Corbyn revolt for weeks , if not months , aiming to bring down their leftist leader in “ a 24-hour blitz ” after the referendum , regardless of its outcome . Again , this is not about the EU ; it is about the incompetent lackeys of a crumbling neoliberal center trying to reclaim their hold over a party that was once Europe 's most enthusiastic cheerleader of neoliberalism , financialization and overseas military intervention , but that is now rapidly disintegrating — or realigning itself — in the face of an insurgent “ hard ” left .
In this respect , Blair 's apocalyptic reference to Yeats in their New York Times opinion piece was awkwardly on point : things are falling apart ; the center can not hold . This is the crux of the matter , and it helps explain the hysterical doomsday discourse of the centrist establishment : their globalized post-democratic fantasy world is crumbling before their very eyes , as their once-passive voter-cum-consumer base is suddenly gobbled up and mobilized by a motley crew of “ angry populists ” who thrive on the electoral spoils of a crippling legitimation crisis and feast on the popular discontent sowed by years of austerity and decades of neoliberal restructuring .
The answer to the steady disintegration of the established political order clearly can not be more of the same . Against Blair 's hopeless cries that “ the center must hold ” , and against the thinly-veiled conspiracies of their neoliberal acolytes in Parliament — who are now closing in on Jeremy Corbyn in a last-ditch attempt to reclaim the Labour Party and destroy from within , once and for all , the only political force that could possibly pose an electoral counterweight to the far-right in this defining moment in British history — against all of these turncoats , the left must stand firm and insist : the center will fall .
But to avoid ceding the resulting void to the racists and reactionaries , the weakened and dispersed forces of the left will need to rally in face of the historic battles now coming their way . Despair as one may , this means the choice is now fairly straightforward : it 's Corbyn or nothing . Not because the embattled Labour leader will bring democratic socialism or fully automated luxury communism to a newly independent Britain , but because this decent , principled leftist is now the only bulwark still standing between ordinary working people of all colors , and the monsters that are about to be unleashed on them .
Hackers last week breached the systems of Myspace , the music-focused social networking site now owned by Time Inc. , and have attempted to sell data on millions of users in an online forum , Time Inc. confirmed Monday .
The hackers responsible were offering to sell about 360 million Myspace user emails and passwords , Vice 's Motherboard tech site reported last Friday . Myspace — once a high-flying social networking site that had been acquired by News Corp. $ 580 million in 2005 — became part of Time Inc. after its acquisition of data marketing firm Viant in February .
Myspace said in a blog post that it believed the data breach was the work of Russian cyberhacker “ Peace , ” who was allegedly behind similar attacks on LinkedIn and Yahoo 's Tumblr . It said it has reported the hack to law enforcement officials and is cooperating with an investigation into the incident .
The info stolen from Myspace was limited to a portion of usernames , passwords and email addresses registered prior to June 11 , 2013 , when the site instituted stronger security measures , according to Time Inc . The company said the Myspace breach does not affect any of Time Inc. 's systems , subscriber information or other media properties and does not appear to include any financial data .
“ We take the security and privacy of customer data and information extremely seriously — especially in an age when malicious hackers are increasingly sophisticated and breaches across all industries have become all too common , ” Jeff Bairstow , Time Inc. exec VP and CFO , said in a statement . “ Our information security and privacy teams are doing everything we can to support the Myspace team . ”
Myspace said it has invalidated all user passwords for the affected accounts created prior to June 11 , 2013 , on the old Myspace platform , and that it is using automated tools to attempt to identify and block suspicious activity on user accounts .
PRAGUE ( Reuters ) - The Czech government plans to create a register of citizens who could be called up for military service , in response to growing concerns over threats from Islamic State and insecurity in Ukraine , Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said on Thursday .
Czech Republic 's Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka ( C ) visits Yad Vashem 's Holocaust History Museum in Jerusalem November 25 , 2014 . REUTERS/Ammar Awad
Sobotka said the move would not amount to the reintroduction of compulsory military service , but would be a precaution .
“ Should the country be in danger in the future , it would be too late for this step , ” they said after a late night cabinet meeting that agreed the plan .
Other NATO members and countries across central and eastern Europe , worried about the military and political crisis in Ukraine , have made moves to bolster defenses in recent months after years of massive military spending cuts .
Sobotka said the cabinet had approved a bill to draw up the register . The legislation still needs to be approved by both chambers of the parliament , where the ruling coalition has a majority , and signed by the president .
The bill , planned to take effect in 2017 , would oblige men and women to take a medical test when they turn 18 to let the army know who is ready to serve . About 100,000 people would be examined each year .
“ This is a reaction to the worsening of the overall security situation in the past year ... not only in Ukraine , but also in the Middle East in connection with Islamic State , ” the prime minister said .
Poland , the Baltic states and other countries are particularly concerned that Russia 's annexation of Crimea and support for rebels in east Ukraine may be a foretaste of it reasserting itself in former Soviet territories .
Countries across Europe are also concerned about young Muslim citizens traveling to join Islamic State and other militant groups in Iraq and Syria , and then returning to mount attacks at home .
Lithuania said in February it was planning to restart military conscription , which it had ended in 2008 , to address growing concerns about Russian assertiveness in the Baltic region . It is also considering raising military spending .
In a gesture of solidarity with allies , a U.S. army convoy passed through the Czech Republic last week on its way from an exercise in Estonia back to its base in Germany , welcomed by thousands of Czechs .
The Czechs have a 21,000-strong professional army , smaller than the government 's target of 26,000 . Defense spending currently represents just over 1 percent of GDP — around half the amount it is committed to spend as a member of NATO . Prague has promised to raise that proportion to 1.4 percent by 2020 .
Compulsory military service was abolished in 2005 .
The pilot and co-pilot are struck ill with food-poisoning . The only man on board with any flying experience is a veteran who is haunted by a fatal mistake they made the last time they flew a plane . Lives hang in the balance . The crew on the ground nervously try to talk them through safely landing the plane in a horrible storm as their fuel supply dwindles .
If the plot of this 1957 film seems familiar , it 's likely because the comedy classic Airplane ! parodies it in detail . The makers of the 1980 comedy actually bought the rights to Zero Hour , so they could use the script as the basis for their film . In fact they left many lines in verbatim from the original screenplay–which you can find online here . The video above shows a shot-by-shot comparison between scenes from the two films . Below are the trailers for your contrasting amusement :
The trailer for Zero Hour :
The trailer for Airplane ! :
A sent email is out of your control . There is very little that you can do to take it back . When you send an email , and it leaves your computer , it is out there in the complicated network of the web trying to reach its recipient as quickly as possible . There are only a few situations in which you can recall an email . They can be found in the sections on How to recall an email in Gmail & Microsoft Outlook .
As a wise man ( Desiderius Erasmus ) once said ‘ Prevention is better than cure , ' so before you hit the send button , always make sure that you double-check everything .
Situations in which you will want to recall an email :
You sent an email to the wrong recipient ( You wanted to send an email to your friend but sent it to your boss instead , or maybe you sent an email to a wrong client with confidential information ) . You wrote something you should not have written ( You sent an angry email on the spur of the moment or used unpleasant words ) . Your email contains an embarrassing typing error ( You spelled the recipient 's name wrong ) . You forgot to include an important attachment .
How to recall an email
Recalling an email is currently only possible if you are using Gmail , Hotmail/Outlook.com or if your email works on the Microsoft Exchange system . In Gmail , the recall feature ( if enabled ) delays the sending of your email and keeps the email on hold for a few seconds , giving you time to change your mind . The same is the case with Hotmail or Outlook.com .
In the case of Microsoft Outlook , the recall feature only works if you are using the Microsoft Exchange System , and , you and the recipient are on the same exchange server ( for , e.g. , internal company emails ) . It will not work if you want to recall an email sent to a user outside your organization .
Which popular email services allow recalling an email ?
Gmail = Yes ( See our tutorial on How to recall an email in Gmail ) Hotmail/Outlook.com = Yes ( See our tutorial on How to recall an email in Hotmail ) Yahoo ! Mail = No AOL or AIM Mail = If sent to an AOL user using the AOL interface Zoho Mail = No Mail.com = No Yandex = No Inbox.com = No iCloud Mail = No GMX Mail = No
If you are using your email on Microsoft Exchange on Outlook 2010 / 2013 / 2016 , then , to recall your email , see our tutorial on How to recall an email in Outlook .
Copyright © 2016-2018 Recall-Email.com
Phew ... Gosh I do n't even know where to start with this drawing ....... Well , trying to make it sort ... I sketched it out a few weeks ago , and sense then my passion for this movie has just grown TREMENDOUSLY ! So this weekend I decided to draw it up ... and yes ... bite my tongue and try out some colouring .... I really dislike how I colour ..... and gosh ... do n't get me started on how many HOURS this took me .... ! This drawing is for my lovely friendShe will not only join me as my sister and cosplay the beautiful Elsa ! But also is one of the lovely friends who will travel with me to Disneyland Paris this Friday ! ! ! - Also , they finish up their exam just now , and I really wanted to give them something special for that ( specially now that I actually have some time off to do something MORE X 'D ) Hope this will bring you some joy and spirit to finish up with a light heart , and if not ? ! Well you just know how to Let It Go , and still smileI seriously loved drawing this piece , and even though the details could have killed me so many times , I loved working with them and also playing with all these lovely , yet cold colours .
Buy Photo Fire crews respond to the shooting range fire Wednesday night . ( Photo : Jordan Wines/RGJ ) Buy Photo
10:08 p.m. update :
The Shooting Range Fire has grown to 800 acres , Storey County manager Pat Whitten said . Containment remains at 0 percent .
Whitten said additional resources , including extra brush engines , three dozers and more hand crews , have been requested to augment the 70 crew members already working . Air operations have been suspended due to darkness , they said .
They reaffirmed that no structures are currently threatened , as the fire is currently on trajectory to burn in remote backcountry . `` That 's good news and bad news '' because of the complication that adds to fighting the fire , they said .
9:15 p.m. update :
Firefighters were battling a 750-acre wildfire that erupted near the USA Parkway east of the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center , according to the Storey County Fire Protection District .
The Shooting Range Fire was burning through grassy hills , and it was 0 percent contained as of 9 p.m. Wednesday . No injuries were reported , and no structures were threatened .
Crews responded to the scene at about 5:25 p.m. in the area near the end of the pavement on the USA Parkway , behind the Tesla gigafactory , Storey County manager Pat Whitten said .
By 8:45 p.m. , an air tanker was used to make the last drop , they said .
“ It 's burning through light but flashy fuels , ” Whitten said . “ There are no juniper or pinyon trees to really fuel it , but grass helps it spread fast . It 's obviously moving fast if it gained that much momentum . ”
Crews were using one air tanker to drop retardant on the fire , and Storey County Fire Protection District requested more help from other agencies .
“ The concern we have right now is that it 's burning into an area that is difficult for equipment to access , ” Whitten said late Wednesday afternoon . “ We have to rely on air drops right now , and the winds are getting more erratic .
“ The fire is spotting and changing direction to some degree . ”
Storey County ground crews will remain on scene battling the blaze through the night , Whitten said . Meanwhile , air support will cease .
“ It was burning well into open space area , grazing areas if you will , and toward the canyon , ” Whitten said when asked if crews were concerned structures would catch fire overnight . “ We 're comfortable at this stage that the answer to that question is no , but wildfires take on a behavior of their own . ”
“ The most difficult points are how you get access to these areas to put it out , ” they said . “ The focus is on creating fire breaks… and pushing the fire back where it has already burned . ”
Ames Construction , which was contracted to build the USA Parkway extension , was coordinating with fire crews to mobilize several large dozers to be used to cut through containment lines , Whitten said .
“ The fire will get larger before we can get any containment , ” Whitten said .
Although the fire was burning toward the hills , winds were still a concern .
“ It 's burning outside the Tesla area , but obviously that would be a huge significant concern should there be a shift in patterns .
“ Winds have a tendency to lay down a little bit at night , and we have resources out there to address it . ”
Crews from Storey County Fire Protection District , Truckee Meadows Fire Protection District , Sparks Fire Department , Reno Fire Department and north and central Lyon County were on scene . That includes crews from the Nevada Division of Forestry .
8:15 p.m. update :
The Shooting Range Fire has grown to 700 acres with 0 percent containment , according to Storey County manager Pat Whitten .
“ It 's burning in a very difficult area to access , '' Whitten said .
Storey County ground crews will remain on scene battling the blaze through the night , Whitten said . Meanwhile , air support will cease as it gets darker .
8:05 p.m. update :
The Shooting Range Fire burning near the USA Parkway has grown to 450 to 500 acres since the fire sparked nearly three hours ago .
The fire is burning through grass fuels , and it still 0 percent contained , Storey County manager Pat Whitten said early Wednesday evening .
“ It 's burning through light but flashy fuels , ” Whitten said . “ There are no juniper or pinyon trees to really fuel it , but grass helps it spread fast . It 's obviously moving fast if it gained that much momentum . ”
Crews are using one air tanker to drop retardant on the fire , and Storey County Fire Protection District requested more help from other agencies .
“ The concern we have right now is that it 's burning into an area that is difficult for equipment to access , ” Whitten said . “ We have to rely on air drops right now , and the winds are getting more erratic .
“ The fire is spotting and changing direction to some degree . ”
No injuries were reported and no structures were threatened .
“ The fire will get larger before we can get any containment , ” Whitten said .
“ The contractor of the USA Parkway has substantial heavy equipment that they were using as they build the roadway , ” they said . “ They mobilized two large dozers to coordinate with firefighters to cut through containment lines . ”
7:23 p.m. update :
Firefighters are still battling a blaze that grew to 150 acres on a hillside in the eastern side of the Tahoe Reno Industrial Center near the USA Parkway , according to the Storey County Fire Protection District .
The Shooting Fire was moving north by northwest toward the hills from the end of pavement on the USA Parkway , Storey County manager Pat Whitten said . The fire was not contained .
Although the fire is burning toward the hills , winds are still a concern .
“ Winds are always a concern , but if we have one air unit out there , then it 's not a significant concern , ” Storey County manager Pat Whitten said .
“ It 's burning outside the Tesla area , but obviously that would be a huge significant concern should there be a shift in patterns .
“ Winds have a tendency to lay down a little bit at night , and we have resources out there to address it . ”
No one was hurt , and no structures were threatened as of early Tuesday evening .
The cause of the fire was not immediately known and under investigation .
6:50 p.m. update :
Firefighters are still battling a wildfire that grew from two-and-a-half acres up to 30 acres within 40 minutes in an area near the USA Parkway , according to Storey County Fire Protection District .
The fire was reported at about 5:25 p.m. Wednesday at the end of the pavement on the USA Parkway near a shooting range area , Storey County manager Pat Whitten said .
“ It 's harder to estimate unless you fly over it with a drone , ” Whitten said .
The Shooting Range Fire was burning up to the top of a hill and moving down , Whitten said .
“ We now have a number of resources on scene , ” Whitten said . “ We requested one air support unit from Stead , which is en route . ”
No injuries were reported and no structures were threatened as of 6:15 p.m. Wednesday , Whitten said .
Crews from Storey County Fire Protection District , Truckee Meadows Fire Protection District , Sparks Fire Department , Reno Fire Department and north and central Lyon County were on scene . That includes crews from the Nevada Division of Forestry .
Resources include hand crews , brush engines and a dozer , which was en route from Lockwood , Whitten said .
A submitted photo of smoke seen from a brush fire burning Wednesday evening in Storey County . ( Photo : Brett Rose )
6:08 p.m. update :
Storey County firefighters are responding to a report of a 10-acre wildfire near the USA Parkway .
Smoke was reported at about 5:25 p.m. Wednesday along the highway , according to the Storey County Fire Protection District .
TM Crews and TM Vols from Silver Lake en route to assist Storey County with another # BrushFire off of the USA Pkwy . Please yield to responders . — Truckee Meadows Fire ( @ TMFPD ) July 21 , 2016
Crews were responding to the Shooting Range Fire . That includes crews from Truckee Meadows Fire Protection District . Nevada Highway Patrol was also responding for traffic control , according to dispatch .
Details on the fire were not immediately available .
Check with RGJ for more updates as they become available .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.rgj.com/29VYdVJ
Hillary Clinton 's campaign has accused Russia of meddling in the 2016 presidential election , saying its hackers stole Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) emails and released them to foment disunity in the party and aid Donald Trump .
Clinton 's campaign manager , Robby Mook , said on Sunday that “ experts are telling us that Russian state actors broke into the DNC , stole these emails , [ and are ] releasing these emails for the purpose of helping Donald Trump ” .
Leaked DNC emails reveal details of anti-Sanders sentiment Read more
“ I do n't think it 's coincidental that these emails are being released on the eve of our convention here , ” they told CNN 's State of the Union , alluding to the party 's four-day exercise in unification which is set to take place this week in Philadelphia .
“ This is n't my assertion , ” Mook said . “ This is what experts are telling us . ”
In a statement , the Clinton campaign repeated the accusation : “ This is further evidence the Russian government is trying to influence the outcome of the election . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Robby Mook listens with other aides as Hillary Clinton speaks in New Hampshire earlier this month . Photograph : Brian Snyder/Reuters
Emails released by Wikileaks on Friday showed members of the DNC trading ideas for how to undercut the campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders , who proved a resilient adversary to Clinton in the Democratic primary . In one email , a staffersuggested the DNC spread a negative article about Sanders ' supporters ; in another , the DNC 's chief financial officer suggested that questions about Sanders ' faith could undermine their candidacy .
“ I think I read they are an atheist , ” the staffer wrote . “ This could make several points difference with my peeps . My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist . ”
Wikileaks , which did not disclose how it acquired the emails , has promised more releases . Earlier this year , the DNC and an independent cybersecurity firm said the party 's email system had been breached by Russian hackers , though a hacker by the moniker “ Guccifer 2.0 ” has also claimed to have stolen emails .
In June Florida member of congress Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the DNC chair , said the breach was a “ serious incident ” and that the cybersecurity firm had “ moved as quickly as possible to kick out the intruders and secure our network ” .
Late on Saturday , the DNC announced that Wasserman Schultz had been removed from the convention program , according to CNN .
The DNC 's chief financial officer , Brad Marshall , apologized on Saturday for their remarks in the released emails , writing on Facebook : “ I deeply regret that my insensitive , emotional emails would cause embarrassment to the DNC , the chairperson , and all of the staffers who worked hard to make the primary a fair and open process . ”
A day earlier they had told the Intercept : “ I do not recall this . I can say it would not have been Sanders . It would probably be about a surrogate . ”
Also speaking to CNN on Sunday , Sanders said they found the emails “ outrageous ” , but said they were “ not a great shock to me ” .
They said : “ I mean , there 's no question to my mind , no question to any objective observer 's mind , the DNC was supporting Hillary Clinton and I 'm not shocked by this . ”
Sanders also repeated a call they made months ago , in the wake of a brief lawsuit over data access and questions of bias . “ I think they should resign , period , ” they told ABC of Wasserman Schulz .
“ I do n't think they are qualified to be the chair of the DNC , ” they said , “ not just because of these emails , which revealed the prejudice of the DNC , but also because we need a party that reaches out to working people and young people . And I do n't think their leadership style does that . ”
But the senator , who endorsed Clinton last month , declined to focus their anger towards her , saving it for Trump . Sanders said they were proud of the concessions their campaign had won from Clinton on the Democratic platform , and praised their vice-presidential pick , Tim Kaine , as “ an extremely bright guy , an extremely nice guy ” .
“ What is most important is defeating the worst candidate for president that I have seen in my lifetime , ” they said . “ I ca n't speak for 13 million people , but I think most of my supporters understand Trump has got to be defeated ; we need to elect as many progressives as possible . ”
Sanders ' supporters represent a key voting bloc for Clinton , whose support has declined in recent polling . But many of their supporters have expressed distrust of Clinton , and could elect to vote for a third-party candidate , such as the Green party 's Jill Stein .
The senator will speak at the convention on Monday night , and their team released a preview that said they would not only attack Trump but speak about the future of the “ political revolution ” that they promised on the campaign trail . “ Our campaign was about revitalizing American democracy . I want to see that incorporated into the Democratic platform . ”
The Russian president , Vladimir Putin , has claimed Russia does not meddle in other countries ' domestic affairs , despite overwhelming evidence and the Kremlin 's admission that it has helped rebels in eastern Ukraine . Putin has insisted they could work with Clinton or Trump . Russian , Chinese and American intelligence agencies frequently blame each other for hacking attacks as part and parcel of their status as competing countries , though the substance of those hacks are rarely dumped into the public domain .
Trump 's campaign has indirectly fuelled speculation that the Kremlin would prefer the business person to Clinton as the next president . Their campaign stripped hawkish language from the Republican party 's official stance toward Russia , removing a proposal to give weapons to Ukraine in its continuing struggle with pro-Russia separatists . The head of Trump 's campaign , Paul Manafort , was formerly on the payroll of Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych , who was ousted twice for their attempts to draw the country closer to the Kremlin .
Trump has suggested they would like to reconcile with Putin . Last week they said that as president they would not honor treaties and defend Nato allies from Russia unless they had paid the US .
Tim Kaine greets crowd in Spanish as Clinton introduces VP pick in Miami Read more
At rallies , they have repeatedly asked : “ Would n't it be nice if we could get along with Russia ? ”
On Sunday , the Trump campaign rejected Mook 's allegations , Manafort telling ABC 's This Week they were “ absurd ” and “ pure obfuscation on the part of the Clinton campaign ” .
“ What those emails show is that it was a clearly rigged system , and that Bernie Sanders never had a chance , ” they said .
Their son , Donald Trump Jr , appeared on CNN 's State of the Union . “ They should be ashamed of themselves , ” they said of the Clinton campaign . “ If we did that … if my father did that , they 'd have people calling for the electric chair . It just goes to show you their exact moral compass . They 'll say anything to win this . ”
Trump themselves used Twitter to pass comment , saying : “ Sorry folks , but Bernie Sanders is exhausted , just ca n't go on any longer . They are trying to dismiss the new emails and DNC disrespect . Sad ! ”
At least seven joint military events between Korea and China have been cancelled since Seoul agreed to deploy a U.S. antimissile defense system on the peninsula , according to a government insider. “ All official interactions between the Korean and Chinese militaries came to a halt in the latter half of last year , ” said an insider in the Korean government. “ This is despite the two countries signing an agreement in a ministerial meeting in 2011 to step up bilateral military cooperation , as well as an agreement at the end of 2015 to establish a hotline between the defense ministers. ” The decision by the Korean and U.S. governments to install the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( Thaad ) system on the peninsula last July was protested by China , which believes the system could be used by the U.S. to spy on it . It is now levying unofficial sanctions on Korea , including cuts in tours to Korea by Chinese travel agencies and cancellations of Korean entertainment acts ' work in China.Since July , at least seven military events between the two countries have been cancelled. “ A Chinese athletic corps and a group of trainees from a national defense college in China were supposed to visit Korea in July but the visits were cancelled , ” said another government insider . “ And Beijing skipped the Seoul Defense Dialogue in September , too. ” The Seoul Defense Dialogue was attended by senior military officers from 33 countries , including the United States , Russia and Japan. “ Even visits by Korean military representatives to China were barred , ” the insider added . “ In September , a group of trainees from the Korea National Defense University was barred from visiting a unit of the Chinese military. ” A visit by a representative group from a marine and air force academy in China was also cancelled in September.In November , representatives from Korea were barred from participating in the China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition , where trade talks and airshows have been held in Zhuhai , Guangdong Province , since 1996.And last month , a group of Korean trainees from the Republic of Korea Naval Academy was prevented from entering a port in Qingdao , and had to shorten a navigating exercise.A visit by Defense Minister Han Min-koo to China , long expected to take place in 2016 , never came about . Additionally , when North Korea conducted its fifth missile test in September last year , no joint military discussion between Seoul and Beijing took place.Some experts are concerned that such unofficial sanctions by China may interrupt negotiations on a Korea-China FTA.Seoul , Beijing and Tokyo are set to hold their 11th trilateral discussion on a trilateral FTA today in Beijing . The FTA conference in Beijing will last a week , and a Beijing-Seoul joint committee on an FTA is also scheduled to hold its first meeting Friday. “ The discussion over the FTA will be affected by what 's going on politically and diplomatically between the two countries , ” said Shim Sang-ryul , a professor of international trade at Kwangwoon University in Seoul . “ It is hard to expect a sudden change in Beijing 's approach to Thaad. ” “ Instead of looking to make progress in the upcoming FTA discussions , Korea must come up with negotiation strategies for dealing with China. ” “ China 's stance on Thaad is too strong for the Korean and U.S. governments to try to change that through dialogue , ” said Jang Kwang-il , professor of national defense and science at Dongyang University in North Gyeongsang , who was a policy director at the Ministry of National Defense . “ Korea must come up with points to cooperate [ with China ] but also maintain its own stance on Thaad. ” BY JEONG YONG-SOO , LEE SEUNG-HO [ chung.juhee @ joongang.co.kr ]
AUSTIN — The former campaign manager and longtime political adviser to Lt. Gov . David Dewhurst pleaded guilty Tuesday to embezzling nearly $ 1.8 million from Dewhurst 's campaign accounts over five years until their theft was uncovered in late 2012 .
One-time Austin political consultant Kenneth “ Buddy ” Barfield faces a maximum sentence of 28 years in federal prison on three charges , including wire fraud , falsified tax returns and theft of campaign funds from a candidate for federal office .
Barfield , now living in Alabama , entered the plea before U.S. Magistrate Judge Mark Lane in Austin . They declined to comment after leaving the courtroom .
“ While working on behalf of the David Dewhurst campaign and Dewhurst for Texas , Barfield knowingly and intentionally engaged in a scheme to defraud the entities of campaign dollars for their own benefit , ” they acknowledged in a plea agreement that they signed . “ Barfield used the stolen funds to pay for expenses such as their home mortgage , school tuition for their children , personal investments and other living expenses . ”
A spokesperson for the Dewhurst for Texas campaign contends in a letter Tuesday to the federal prosecutor that Barfield actually stole more than $ 5 million from the lieutenant governor 's various campaign accounts dating back to 2005 .
“ While the federal committee is pleased to see that Mr. Barfield is being prosecuted for their actions , the criminal complaint contains significant inaccuracies we feel compelled to point out , ” wrote Gene Dewhurst , a campaign official who is the lieutenant governor 's brother .
They said that should be considered in determining Barfield 's sentence .
“ In particular , the amounts Mr. Barfield is alleged to have stolen are much smaller than the amounts they actually took , ” Gene Dewhurst wrote . They noted that a judgment reached in a lawsuit held Barfield liable for $ 3.75 million going back to 2008 .
David Dewhurst was out of state and had no comment on the guilty plea .
Campaign officials said Barfield concealed their theft from the campaign accounts by falsifying bank deposit slips , vendor invoices and finance reports to make it appear that the accounts had far more cash on hand than they actually contained .
In the meantime , Barfield and their side businesses , such as Alexander Group Consulting , were paid hundreds of thousands of dollars for services that were never performed . Those included consulting fees , polling and political mailings .
Barfield earlier agreed to turn over their lavish west Austin home and various business assets to Dewhurst to settle the civil suit , which Dewhurst filed last year . A final judgment executing the settlement was signed by a state judge in November .
Sale proceeds from Barfield 's home , which has been listed at $ 2.8 million , will be pooled with the assets of Barfield 's businesses to repay Dewhurst 's campaign accounts for lieutenant governor and their 2012 U.S. Senate race . The home was valued at $ 1.37 million by the Travis Central Appraisal District in 2013 .
Barfield stood with their attorney , Gerry Morris , before Lane during the 45-minute proceeding . They were asked a series of questions about their plea agreement . Barfield then entered their guilty plea and signed several documents acknowledging the extent of their criminal activities .
Barfield , who has waived all appeals in the case , will be sentenced at a later date by U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks . They face up to 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on the wire fraud count ; three years and $ 100,000 on the false tax return count ; and five years and $ 250,000 on embezzlement of federal campaign funds .
Lane said the prison terms could be “ stacked ” for a maximum sentence of 28 years . However , federal prosecutors said they have recommended a sentence at the “ lower end ” of federal guidelines for the offenses .
“ This case should serve as a reminder of the unfortunate truth that some people abuse positions of trust to enrich themselves at the expense of others , including , in this case , the taxpayers , ” said Robert Pitman , U.S. attorney for the Western District of Texas .
The stolen campaign funds were from Dewhurst 's state political account — used to run for lieutenant governor — and from the Republican 's U.S. Senate political account in 2012 . Barfield was accused of embezzling more than $ 1 million from each account from 2008 — when they took over as campaign manager — through 2012 .
After an accountant for Dewhurst found discrepancies in bank statements on Dec. 4 , 2012 , Dewhurst and their aides were alerted and called Barfield in for a meeting on Dec. 5 , 2012 , when they were confronted with the financial irregularities .
Barfield offered to repay $ 600,000 to the campaign committee but never did , people with knowledge of the matter say . Campaign officials contacted the Travis County district attorney , which launched an investigation . Further checks by Dewhurst 's accountants found that money was also missing from the campaign account for the U.S. Senate race , triggering an investigation by the FBI and IRS .
Outside of their political activities , Barfield was involved in a series of investment and real-estate deals in Texas and other states . Often , those deals ended up in lawsuits .
For example , Barfield defaulted in late 2012 on a $ 506,000 settlement with a land developer who was originally owed four times that amount .
The settlement was ordered in 2009 by a state district judge , who said Barfield and their companies owed a $ 2.2 million judgment to S & K Development for not repaying a loan they received for a sizable development project in Colorado that later failed .
Among the three counts Barfield pleaded guilty to Tuesday was filing a false tax return in 2008 that stated they had no taxable income , when in fact their income was $ 582,000 . Barfield also admitted filing fraudulent documents with the Federal Election Commission .
In response to the disappearance of funds from Dewhurst 's U.S. Senate account , campaign officials last year sent out refund checks to contributors who made the maximum $ 2,500 donations for the general election campaign in 2012 . Dewhurst was defeated in the GOP primary runoff by Ted Cruz and never made it to the general election .
In all , about $ 780,000 was returned to donors .
Follow Terrence Stutz on Twitter at @ t stutz .
Enlarge By Saul Loeb , AFP/Getty Images President Obama speaks about a two-year proposal to freeze most government salaries in a move to trim the deficit . CHANGING WORKFORCE How the federal workforce has changed since President Obama took office :
Category October 2010 Percentage change since Dec. 2008 Total employment 2,198,100 7.1 Under age 35 433,403 20 % 35-54 1,142,230 4 % Over 54 538,344 12 % Average base pay $ 74,311 7 % Earning $ 100,000 or more 442,953 35 % Earning $ 150,000 or more 83,560 106 % Earning under $ 50,000 602,279 -8 % Earning under $ 70,000 1,126,913 -1 % Sources : Total employment ( excluding Postal Service and uniformed military ) , Bureau of Labor Statistics . All other numbers from Office of Personnel Management , excluding military , Postal Service , Congress , White House , intelligence agencies Many federal workers would still get pay raises the next two years despite the limited salary freeze President Obama proposed this week for 2.2 million government employees . The president 's proposal , if approved by Congress , would stop across-the-board pay hikes set for January 2011 and January 2012 . But many federal workers will receive other pay hikes — longevity increases ( called steps ) , promotions in grade , bonuses , overtime and other cash payments . Most federal employees are ranked at a General Schedule ( GS ) grade from 1 to 15 , and each grade has 10 steps within it . MONDAY : Obama proposes freeze on federal pay PAYCHECKS : More federal workers ' pay tops $ 150,000-Step raises are largely automatic , based on longevity , but merit can hasten a step pay raise or even move a worker up multiple steps . Not every worker gets a step raise every year , but the raises average about 2 % per year for workers as a group . Ronald Reagan in 1986 was the last president to freeze across-the-board pay hikes . Bill Clinton tried in 1994 , but Congress said no . The federal government would save $ 2 billion in the first year and an estimated $ 28 billion over five years under the limited freeze , Obama says . Democrat Erskine Bowles and former senator Alan Simpson , R-Wyo. , chairpeople of the federal deficit reduction commission appointed by Obama , favor a broader freeze on federal pay — stopping all pay hikes for three years , including step raises and bonuses . The commission says the move would save more than double what Obama is calling for . The proposals anger leaders of federal worker groups who say that the savings represent only a tiny fraction of total federal debt now pegged at $ 13.7 trillion . `` Our people are upset , '' says Jessica Klement of the Federal Managers Association . They say federal pay must keep pace with that of the private sector . James Sherk , a labor analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation , says pay freezes are needed but the better long-term solution is basing the federal pay system on merit , not longevity . `` Symbolically , the freeze is important , '' Sherk says . `` It 's where we should go for savings . But it 's not a permanent fix . '' Federal benefits need to be cut dramatically , more than pay , Sherk says . Full-time federal employees earned an average of $ 81,258 in pay last year and $ 41,791 in benefits , the Bureau of Economic Analysis ( BEA ) reports . By comparison , the private worker earned $ 50,462 in pay and $ 10,589 in benefits , meaning that federal workers earn about half more in pay but four times as much in benefits , the BEA says . Federal workers pay a similar share in health care premiums — 29 % — as corporate workers . Most federal workers do n't get any subsidy for dental or vision insurance . The big advantage for federal workers over private-sector workers comes in time off , pensions and lesser-known benefits . After three years , federal workers get 20 days of vacation , 10 paid holidays and 13 sick days , Sherk says . `` A private worker would be lucky to get that after 20 , '' they say . For older workers , a federal pension is a sweet reward . Lifetime benefits are based on the highest three years of salary , rather than the five years typical of defined pension plans in the private sector . Retirement can start as early as 56 years old with medical benefits . Guidelines : You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . Read more
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The victorious Jajce students received a hero 's welcome when they arrived to continue their campaign against segregated schools in Travnik on Tuesday
Flush with success , students in Bosnia have vowed to continue their struggle against ethnic segregation in schools .
At the weekend , the regional government dropped plans to force students in the town of Jajce into two ethnically based schools after a year-long campaign .
The Jajce students were given a hero 's welcome by pupils from other towns as they arrived in Travnik , the capital of the Central Bosnia Canton , on Tuesday .
They now want to end segregation in the remaining 57 schools in the entity .
`` We saved our school ... now the time has come for every other school in Bosnia and Herzegovina to fight against division and segregation , '' Nikolas Rimac , a Croat student who helped lead the struggle in Jajce , told the BBC .
The practice of separating students in the same building to learn from differentiated Bosnian , Serbian or Croatian curricula was introduced following the Balkan war of the 1990s .
It persists in spite of a ruling by the Federation Constitutional Court that it is discriminatory . The US ambassador and international organisations , such as the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , have also opposed the practice .
Rejecting the politics of the past - Guy De Launey , BBC News , Sarajevo
Image copyright Reuters Image caption `` We can do it together , '' says this placard from Tuesday 's protest
Segregation in schools is a hangover from the nationalist politics which sparked the conflict of the 1990s and continues to blight the lives of Bosnia 's people .
Sometimes this produces absurdities such as the insistence that students of a particular ethnicity should be taught in `` their '' native tongue . The notion that Serbian , Bosnian and Croatian were distinct languages was thoroughly debunked in March , by an alliance of linguists from across the former Yugoslavia .
This infuriated nationalists who profit from perpetuating divisions among Bosnia 's people . But it vindicated those who believe that the country will remain in the mire until its elected officials start serving the common good rather than their patronage networks .
The battle is far from over . Earlier this month the president of the mainly-Serb Republika Srpska ordered schools in the entity to remove references about the genocide at Srebrenica from history textbooks .
It was another example of how nationalists continue to use education as a tool for division . But the victory of the Jajce students shows that younger Bosnians are now rejecting the policies which have hobbled their country for more than two decades .
Under the system known as `` two schools under one roof '' , the children are physically divided and can not socialise .
Defenders of the system say it preserves ethnic identity and prevents one ethnic group from dominating another .
But campaigners say it fosters tensions and suspicions from an early age .
The schools are `` prisons and factories of hatred , '' Mr Rimac said .
They said protests such as that on Tuesday in Travnik showed how such divisions could be broken down .
`` It was brilliant , '' they told the BBC . `` All those wonderful and kind people ... standing together in the name of knowledge , education , unity and justice . ''
CINCINNATI , Ohio—A conservative radio talk show host who helped introduce Senator John McCain before a rally here Tuesday used Senator Barack Obama 's middle name , Hussein , three times , while disparaging him , prompting Mr. McCain to apologize and repudiate the comments afterward .
Bill Cunningham , who hosts “ The Big Show ” with Bill Cunningham , a local program here that is also syndicated nationally , was part of a line of people lauding Mr. McCain and revving up the crowd before their appearance here before several hundred people at a theater here .
They lambasted the national media , drawing cheers from the audience , for being soft in their coverage of Mr. Obama compared to the Republican candidates , declaring they should “ peel the bark off Barack Hussein Obama . ”
They went on to rail , “ at one point , the media will quit taking sides in this thing and start covering Barack Hussein Obama . ”
After Mr. Cunningham spoke , Congressman Rob Portman , an Ohio Republican , took the stage and introduced Mr. McCain , who spoke for about a half hour . Neither commented about Mr. Cunningham 's remarks .
Mr. Portman said : “ Willie , you 're out of control again . So , what else is new ? But we love him . But I 've got to tell you , Bill Cunningham lending their voice to this campaign is extremely important . They did it in 2000 , they did it in 2004 , it was crucial to victory then and it 's even more important this year with their bigger radio audience . So Bill Cunningham thank you for lending your voice . ”
Afterward , however , Mr. McCain held a scheduled news conference and immediately addressed the comments , evidently informed by their aides about what had happened .
“ It 's my understanding that before I came in here a person who was on the program before I spoke made some disparaging remarks about my two colleagues in the Senate , Senator Obama and Senator Clinton , ” they said . “ I have repeatedly stated my respect for Senator Obama and Senator Clinton , that I will treat them with respect . I will call them ‘ Senator . ' We will have a respectful debate , as I have said on hundreds of occasions . I regret any comments that may have been made about these two individuals who are honorable Americans . ”
Responding to questions from reporters , Mr. McCain said they did not hear what Mr. Cunningham said , saying that when they arrived , Mr. Portman was on stage .
“ Whatever suggestion that was made that was any way disparaging to the integrity , character , honesty of either Senator Obama or Senator Clinton was wrong , ” they said , “ I condemn it , and if I have any responsibility , I will take the responsibility , and I apologize for it . ”
They called Mr. Obama a “ man of integrity ” and said they were someone they had come to know “ pretty well and I admire . ”
They also said that it was not appropriate to invoke Mr. Obama 's middle name in the course of the campaign .
“ I absolutely repudiate such comments , ” they said . “ It will never happen again . ”
Mr. Obama 's middle name , which is Muslim in origin , comes from their late father , Barack Hussein Obama , Sr. , a Kenyan .
Mr. Obama 's campaign has been dogged by whispered rumors that they are a Muslim—he is actually a practicing Christian . Periodically , their full name has been bandied about by conservatives critics , drawing indignation from Mr. Obama 's campaign and others .
“ We appreciate Senator McCain 's remarks . It is a sign that if there is a McCain-Obama general election , it can be intensely competitive but the candidates will attempt to keep it respectful and focused on issues , ” said Obama campaign spokesperson Bill Burton .
Updated Mr. Cunningham later posted video on their 700WLW blog of their remarks at the McCain event , as well as their reaction to Senator McCain 's criticism . Sitting at a microphone in an office , Mr. Cunningham said :
Only Democrats , Air America , New York Times , talk-show hosts and newspaper reporters have freedom of speech . I have the right to speak my mind any way that I would like . If I consider Obama to be a hack Chicago politician from the Daley political machine , taking money from this Tony Rezko dude under threat of federal indictment , ca n't I speak truth to power ?
Mr. Cunningham said the media often say “ nasty , negative things ” about President Bush and Vice President Cheney , and that The Times had “ smeared ” John McCain on its front page .
Treat all the politicians the same . We 're not dealing with the messiah here . Obama can not heal the sick and make the blind see . He 's a hack Democratic politician from Chicago , that 's all they are . Let 's treat them like every other hack Democratic or Republican politician .
Then they continued :
I 'm angry at McCain . Why would John McCain repudiate me ? I 've been able to unite McCain and Obama against me . I might become a supporter of Ralph Nader .
Video : John Harwood , of The Times and CNBC , has this report .
Just a short advice note on swapping ukulele tuning pegs for others and some of the work you may need to do to achieve it
right tool for the job
these
In this first picture you will see a 'before and after ' on a Martin Soprano ukulele - previously Grover friction pegs , latterly Gotoh UPT 's . A change I wanted to make just for the fun of it .. And really easy to do .. The UPT 's look like traditional friction pegs ( so suit a ukulele and do n't make it look like it has ears ) , but contain a planetary 1:4 gear system that work like geared pegs . Same sort of weight ( or at least a weight difference that is not noticeable ) , same sort of size . Very clever and very well made . Albeit a little expensive ! Now often a peg swap will allow you drop the new ones into the holes left by the old . You simply unscrew one and fit the others directly - a two minute job . I was asked however about the steps taken if you find new pegs do n't fit in the holes left by the old ones . In fact that was the case with the move from these Grovers to the Gotoh pegs - they needed a wider hole by about 1mm all diameter . All you need to do is to widen them with the . I used a luthier / carpenters reamer pictured below to do the job . Some would suggest using a drill or a rat tail file , but that is a sure fire way to cause the wood outer to split , or make the hole uneven . The reamer is on a long taper allowing you to create a variety of diameters , but in this case I needed to widen the holes to 10mm , which was the maximum on the reamer . It leaves a very slight taper ( very ) in the hole , which is n't really an issue in practice as the headstock is not that thick , but if that bothers you , you simply run the reamer in from the other side and repeat . Make sure you cover the back and front of the headstock in good masking tape to avoid the edges splitting and go very SLOWLY letting the reamer do the work . Take minutes to do.Now this is for a hole that needed widening by a fair amount - you may find that your new tuners nearly fit but not quite - for that sort of widening you may be able to do the job with some sandpaper wrapped around a pencil . In my case though , that would have been both long winded and likely to mis-shape the hole . Horses for coursesOf course , if you decide to go back to smaller pegs that 's a much bigger job to reverse if you want to shrink the holes , but thankfully I knew from the start I wantedUPT pegs , so do n't plan to.One other point I am often asked about is what to do if you move from geared pegs to frictions and leave a screw hole from the geared peg . Personally , I work on the basis that nobody ever sees them anyway ( as they are on the back ) and ignore them myself . If they trouble you , it 's a case of plugging them with thin dowel and matching the colour ... This is n't an issue however in swapping friction pegs as there are no screw holes.There are some other more complex swaps to bear in mind , like collars that require counter sinking and tuners that need a specific taper , but this guide covers the more common straight swaps.And , why would you want to change friction pegs anyway ? Well , because in many cases stock friction pegs can be awful and represent everything that people do n't like about them . Good friction pegs however , are a joy . The friction pegs I replaced on this one were actually good ones already , but I just wanted a set of UPT 's ! This video will tell you how cheap and decent ukulele pegs can differ quite significantly .. And of course , this process left me with a spare set of Grover tuners - Waste not want not and all that , so they were re-deployed on a Concert Ukulele - I personally do n't mind the screw holes , so I filled them with the old geared tuner screws for safe keeping ! Hope that helps ! And here 's a second video talking about the UPT 's in a bit more detail .
Wil Wheaton is beloved for their role on Star Trek : The Next Generation , their guest spots on The Big Bang Theory , and their hit YouTube board game series TableTop .
But what 's often overlooked on their résumé is their Reddit chops .
As one of the first users of the site—his official account , wil , is eight years old—Wheaton has seen the best and worst Reddit has had to offer . He 's not just there for a quick promotional Q & A , either . Wheaton is plugged in . During a 40-minute phone conversation Thursday evening , as their dogs nipped at their heels for treats in their California home , Wheaton dug deep into Reddit 's history and controversies , like the fall of power user and science expert Unidan , who had their account banned from the site in July for vote manipulation .
“ I like that Reddit lets you choose what type of experience you want to have and what type of community you want to interact with . ”
Wheaton noted that the block Unidan received from the Reddit community was “ reflective of society 's increased skepticism surrounding authenticity online . ”
“ I think we 're all very sensitive to that , and we should be , ” they said . “ If we have a community that is worth taking care of , if we have a source of information and entertainment that is worth keeping awesome , then we need to stay on top of it . It 's not black and white . ”
With the new season of TableTop set to premiere Nov. 13 , we spoke to Wheaton about board games , Gamergate , and Reddit 's business acumen .
First screen name :
thedarknight .
Earliest memory of the Internet :
I used NCSA [ National Center for Supercomputing Applications ] Mosaic Web browser in the university 's computer lab , on their high-speed , 56K connection , to look at weather satellite images that were miraculously only five hours old . That was pretty much a miracle back then .
“ Jif ” or “ gif ” :
Jif . It is jif because the guy who invented the format called it a jif .
Favorite bizarre Wikipedia entry ?
I guess it 's the Numbers Station entry . It 's a really great starting-off point for a whole lot of interesting things . My favorite thing with Wikipedia is to start on an article that I 'm interested in and then just follow all the things that are connected to it and eventually land someplace really cool . I also love the page , and I do n't know the exact title of it , but it 's “ Things People Believe Are Correct but Are Actually Really Wrong . ”
If the Internet did n't exist :
I 'm not sure where I would be . I would imagine that I would still be struggling like crazy to make the transition from young actor to adult actor . I 'm sure the world would continue to be even more openly dominated by a very few , very powerful people with access to the ability to communicate . What is amazing about the Internet is the freedom it has given creative people and political dissonance and writers and basically anyone who wants to communicate to people , the ability to do that without that individual needing to get permission from someone in power .
Essential app :
1password .
Must-follow on Twitter :
I do n't have one because it changes from moment to moment . During the Occupy Wall Street moment , there were people on the ground there who were important to follow at that time . During things like sports playoffs , there may be an account that 's funny or interesting . Back before when we found out that the whole world was a lie , @ Horse_ebooks was a must-follow . That was a rough day when we found out that was all bogus . Really caused me to question everything I 'd come to believe in the world .
Do you have a favorite social network ?
No , they all kind of overlap and interact in their own way .
The Web would be better if…
…people were n't dicks .
The Internet in five years :
Hopefully has n't been wrecked by Comcast .
You 've been on Reddit for more than eight years , putting you in the camp of some of the oldest users of the site . What keeps you coming back ?
I like that Reddit lets you choose what type of experience you want to have and what type of community you want to interact with . The default subreddits tend to get overrun , and when that 's the case , do not read the comments . Smaller ones that are specialized can be pretty great .
The homebrewing subreddit , the RPG and board games subreddits , the acting subreddit , the Los Angeles subreddit are all really great communities with really cool people who are overwhelmingly a pleasure to interact with . I say all of this knowing that my experience is going to be skewed by the fact people might see my name and recognize me .
I imagine , before the whole “ jackdaw ” incident [ the argument that led Unidan to be banned ] , people treated Unidan a little differently . No one wanted to be an asshole when Unidan showed up . Nobody wants to be that guy that [ Reddit celebrity ] shitty_watercolour is like , “ Man , you 're being a cock. ” I think that people generally want to behave themselves around people they know or think they know . I 'm really lucky in that , overwhelmingly , people are pretty decent to me online .
What did you make of Unidan 's inglorious exit from Reddit ? Was blown out of proportion ?
I kinda did n't care . I think we 're all very wary of being manipulated by marketers and brands . But when a person is doing something cool and interesting and worth reading , I did n't feel that sense of betrayal that other people may have felt . I think there 's also a tribal popularity contest mentality . I know a lot of people are going to strongly disagree with that .
“ Quite frankly , I 'm ready for this whole thing to be over . I 've defended games my whole life . It 's offensive to me that a small group of people are now using the passionate gamer community to be f * * king dicks . ”
What I think is super-sad is that their stuff was so cool and interesting , it would have been upvoted on its own . They did n't need to do what they did . I miss the contribution that they made .
Is there a particular subreddit you 've been a longtime member of ?
I love the homebrewing subreddit . I do n't post there very often these days , but I lurk it all the time . When I was learning to make my own beer , it was extraordinarily valuable and a nonjudgmental community . One of the things I like about these communities that I 've mentioned is that , in general , the people who post there are helpful and friendly and informative , and I 've never felt like that if I ask a dumb question , people will jump all over me .
The acting subreddit is really great too . I 've been trying to post there and help people out . There are a lot of young actors asking for advice on technique and preparation and things like that . I feel like this is great ; I have an opportunity to share some of the experience I 've build up as an actor and give something to people .
Then there are things that come and go . R/behindthegifs was hilarious and I feel like it 's run its course . I loved r/wedontsurf in the beginning , but now I 'm getting really tired of seeing “ blah blah you f * * * * t ” and “ blah blah you n * * * * r. ” This was really funny until you started doing that .
For Reddit as company , 2014 is shaping up to be very memorable : an influx of money from celebs like Snoop Dogg , the purchase of Alien Blue , an undisclosed investment into Imgur , and the launch of Redditmade this past week . What are your thoughts on Reddit “ growing up ” as a business ?
I remember when Imgur started . I was there the day that it first was posted , and we were all throwing money at that guy so they could pay for their bandwidth and keep it going . I like the way that Imgur has grown into its own separate entity and its own separate thing . And I like how it came together out of Reddit . I 'm a long time Farker . I lurk ; I do n't post anymore . For whatever reason , Farkers are super shitty to me . Back in the old days , Fark was a really fun place to hang out . We had tremendous Fark parties and we had fun Secret Santa exchanges , but nothing on the level of something like Alien Blue or Imgur . It speaks volumes to the emotional investment people have in the Reddit experience—that people have taken it upon themselves to make that experience better for other people . They did it because they thought it would be awesome and not to make any money off it .
I am thrilled that Reddit bought Alien Blue because it is an amazing app . I wish there was something on Android as gorgeous and perfect as Alien Blue .
In terms of Gamergate , you 've stated on Tumblr , “ I have never , in my life , been ashamed to call myself a gamer . Until now . These misogynist little shitbags are a disgrace to our community. ” Building off of that , do you have any advice for people involved in Gamergate ?
Young people have reached out to me , and they tend to be 15- , 16- , 17-year-olds who really believe that the whole Gamergate thing is against bullying and about ensuring that video games are ethical . It 's really hard to help young people who genuinely believe the thing they love is being massively attacked . Which it 's not . [ I want ] to help them understand and believe that they are just people manipulated and used by people with a very , very clear agenda . This misogynist , anti-woman agenda existed long before Adam Baldwin called it “ Gamergate , ” which is kind of ridiculous because putting anything like this on par with Watergate is just stupid and juvenile . Those efforts are going to continue .
If you genuinely care about gaming , make gaming inclusive . This idea that there 's a “ death of the gamer ” completely misses the point , because you do n't identify someone as a “ moviegoer ” ; everyone goes to the movies . And you do n't identify someone as a “ book reader ” ; everybody reads . And I think that it is awesome that games have reached a level of ubiquity in our culture where everyone wants to play them , and everyone wants them to be accessible . And the idea that someone may make a game that is not a derivative of the first-person shooter , [ and it ] will somehow prevent the next derivative of a first-person shooter from coming out , is ludicrous . All you have to do is look through the indie forums on Steam to see how many non-derivative first-person shooters there are . And the idea that gaming is somehow under assault because of that is so fucking childish .
Quite frankly , I 'm ready for this whole thing to be over . I 've defended games my whole life . It 's offensive to me that a small group of people are now using the passionate gamer community to be fucking dicks .
It 's offensive to me that a small group of people are now using the passionate gamer community to be fucking dicks .
TableTop comes back Nov. 13 . Your record of winning on the show is n't the best . Have you ever secretly taken home the TableTop Trophy of Awesome ?
[ Laughs ] The TableTop Trophy of Awesome belongs to the set and lives with the art department in the offseason .
I have a couple of missions with TableTop . No . 1 , I want more people to play games . I want games to be accessible to as wide an audience as possible . I want people to watch TableTop and get excited about the games they are seeing and excited to play them . Whoever wins a game is really not important to me , unless you 're playing in a tournament for something . The winner of a game should never be more important than the joyful experience of playing the game together . I taught my kids that you can compete without being competitive . That 's sort of the way I play on TableTop . I want to play the other players but not at the expense of having fun .
I have so much going on during a game : I 'm hosting , I 'm keeping everyone comfortable , I 'm marking things in my head to tell the editors when we finish rolling , then also trying to play a game . My win-loss ratio is pretty remarkable when you consider all the other things I have to do . With that said , there were two times this season where I could have been in a position to win a game that was important to me , but I was so tired because we toward the middle of second half of production and lost focus and made a stupid move .
A memorable moment occurred in episode 4 , when your wife almost destroyed Ticket to Ride in the end . What 's it like to work with your spouse , and what did you both make of that moment afterward ?
My wife , Anne , is my best friend in the world . I remember being a kid and asking my dad , “ Hey who 's is your best friend ? ” And they said , “ Your mom. ” And I remember thinking you have to say that because mom makes the food happen , but dude , seriously . I just did n't get that your wife could be your best friend . We play games together all the time . We do stupid things together all the time . We try really hard to make each other laugh ; that 's the nature of our relationship .
When that happened I immediately thought , “ Oh shit , we have to reshoot the entire episode , ” because we just lost it . We lost the board . Then I thought , “ Oh my God , everyone is going to be mad at Anne for doing that. ” Then I thought , “ Anne is going to be really upset at themselves because when I asked them to come play on the show , they said , ‘ I 'm afraid I 'm going to mess something up . ' ” I was like , “ No , no , it will be fine. ” It ended up being a fun moment . It 's also kind of cool because it put into the common vocabulary of TableTop [ the phrase ] “ Anne Wheaton–ing it , ” which is completely obliterating a game unintentionally .
What are your feelings on longform show formats when Geek & Sundry seems to be moving toward shorter programs ?
I think that there 's room for everything on the Internet .
There was a time where everyone balked if you said you were making anything five minutes long , because who has time . Over time I think that has changed . The culture has changed and the expectations for content online have changed .
Geek & Sundry is moving toward some longer-format things to go with the shorter format things we already have . I like that we are different types of programming . We are doing programming that is very much on par with what you see on TV , and we 're doing things that can only exist on the Internet .
Is there anything you can share about this upcoming season ?
I 'm just really grateful who participated in the crowdfunding of this season . It allowed us to make exactly what we wanted to make and programming where we did n't have to respond to network executives . We were able to make a show that people already love because the people who loved it supported it . I have crowdfunding fatigue like everyone else does . I 'm not entirely sure it 's a model I 'll go with again because I do n't feel comfortable going out asking people a second time . I 'm incredibly grateful to people who backed us and supported us . We 've learned so much through the years that we 've been able to streamline some things in production and do some things that let us do more show than in the past .
Illustration by J. Longo
Nick Yungkit , also known as NYK in the music world , is a Sony Music singer-songwriter who hails from the humble suburban city of Subang Jaya .
Best known for their single , FWB , the musician is fast leaving musical footprints not just in Malaysia but internationally as well . In fact , at the time of this interview , NYK had just gotten back from a recording session in Sweden .
So there we were on a Saturday morning , tucking into some tapao-ed burgers as we pulled up by the side of the road in a local neighbourhood . Amidst fast food and warm sunlight against our skin , NYK spoke about their music career and more , in their sweet Habenero-coloured Volkswagen Beetle .
1 . Tell us a bit about yourself .
I was born in Penang in 1993 ; lived in Taiping and Ipoh for a bit before my dad got a job in KL , so we moved to Subang Jaya .
There was a big move of people to Subang Jaya at the time .
When I was born , my dad was just selling sweets in a van . We were dirt poor for a while .
They went from that to being a lifeguard , and later a karate teacher . My parents had to worry about the next meal .
From 9-5 they would be doing their sales job , and studied for their degree on the weekends , which was pretty badass . They finally got their degree and slowly rose up the ranks , and now he 's doing really well .
I grew up in a typical Malaysian home , I went through Kebangsaan school all the way .
I spent 3 years in Manchester , UK to study Economics , later did a Masters in Business in Monash University in Melbourne . And here we are .
In between , I really just lightly dabbled in music . I 'd join musicals and singing competitions , but nothing more .
2 . What was your earliest memory of music ?
It 's quite typical to listen to what your dad listened to . And back then , my dad was into the whole AC/DC , Velvet Revolvers and Guns N ' Roses thing . I just fell hard for that .
Plus , a lot of people in high school picked up the acoustic guitar and the electric guitar . And rock bands were a thing back then .
In terms of music that I wanted to make , I was really inspired by FutureSex/LoveSounds by Justin Timberlake .
I remember just being outside of SMK Seafield ; it was my birthday , mum passed me the album and said “ Hey , I got you this and I wanted you to take a listen . ”
When Sexyback and What Goes Around… Comes Around came on , I thought to myself , “ Making music like this would be really cool . ”
And that was the point where my mind switched from being a listener to a maker .
3 . Musically and lyrically , FWB is a bold move to make in Malaysia . What made you do it ?
I personally think that it 's time to break out of the mould . You could look at our cousins in Singapore , with The Sam Willows , Gentle Bones and Tabitha Nauser coming up . And in Indonesia , there are a lot of big acts as well .
A lot of people around me have been doing it locally too .
For example , Alextbh is a very good R & B producer , and he 's huge on Spotify . There 's Airliftz , he 's a rapper . In fact , he 'll be rapping on my second single . And these people are up and coming . I wanted to be a part of this wave .
It 's a personal passion , I want to be able to show that you can start at home-ground making English music and you can make it out there .
4 . What 's the process of songwriting like for you ?
I write all the time . I 'd sit down with my friend Isaac , and we 'd make demos together . And a lot of these demos do n't turn out to be songs at all .
What happens is that Sony arranges sessions with a studio house called The Kennel which is in Sweden . They 'd send me over and show them my demos . And if we all vibe with the demos , we 'd turn them into songs .
I would also start from scratch with the studio house . We 'd wake up in the morning , go to the studio and just say .. “ What have we got ? ”
We 've managed to come up with 4 songs in 2 days .
5 . What helps you come up with song lyrics ?
Definitely my reading . I was such a bookworm , I still am . I 've read since I was young .
From Enid Blyton to Harry Potter and LOTR , to weird stuff like crime thrillers only your parents read . That gave me a lot of words to play with .
I used to have a blog where I wrote short stories . So it was just a matter of turning it into lyrics .
Having a good command of English is so important . It 's a struggle here in Malaysia . Even in my own marketing campaigns , I would see typos… Come on guys .
6 . What was it like starting your music career in Malaysia ?
When I first got into the music scene , I was introduced by a few people who were in the indie scene for quite a long while , to playing in open mics .
I did quite a few gigs and a few open mics , and I eventually got to know everyone in that scene , as it was a pretty small one .
There was always this itch at the back of my head thinking , “ Is this going anywhere ? ”
We were getting 20-30 people watching each show . I barely saw any new followers after them .
Initially , I thought it was just that my originals were n't great . But the more I was in it , the more disillusioned I got .
The funniest part was that at open mics , you 'd get the same people watching and clapping for the same people at every show , just different locations-Merdekarya , The Bee , and Laundry Bar at the Curve .
I personally think that it was n't doing anything for the music scene , in fact it may be damaging the scene .
So I left it . And then Sony approached me about FWB .
They were scouting around for a local artist with an international sound in the SEA region , until they found a video of me singing FWB . That 's when I got signed on .
7 . What 's your advice for people who want to make it in the music scene ?
To me , the best way to to do music is to do 2 very simple things :
Write good music , produce it . Market that music well .
You can take Talitha Tan and Alextbh as perfect examples . They wrote good stuff , they got it produced , and they got it marketed . Alextbh has a huge LGBT following , Airliftz has Jin Hackman who has a large network as their producer , and Talitha positioned themselves as an influencer .
All of them have their own style , but they all made good music and had good marketing .
If most musicians continue to stay in the open mic scene , the only people who are going to grow are the select few who actually produce music .
The Malaysian music scene would then continue to be stagnant . Which would be really disappointing .
8 . What did the people around you think about your music career when you started out ?
“ Keep it as a hobby . You 're still gon na be a doctor right ? ”
It was really annoying . Once I got more stable , signed a record deal and appeared on magazines , people were more accepting .
Asian relatives love that .
They 'd go “ oh , yi si bing xing liao ” ( he 's a star now ) and only now they 're okay with it .
My parents on the other hand were quite supportive , along the way they got more comfortable with the idea of it . It was very reassuring when they said “ It 's not the best route in our opinion , but we 're not gon na stop you . ”
It helped that I did n't intend to purely go into music . I 'm planning to start work soon and I have a business that is in the works .
So I 'm not just a musician . I guess the boring business person in me just wants to diversify my risk .
Music is still an irregular job . Unless you are really famous . I would n't want to wait for that few gigs .
9 . What 's the reality of chasing your passion ?
It might not pay as much as you think it would in the beginning .
The only reason I 've got less risk to deal with is because of my parents . If I had parents who were n't as well-to-do , I think I have to really care about music before jumping into it .
You owe a responsibility to take care of your parents at some point once they are less capable . The fact that they have been splurging all this money on you with no return , it 's not an investment . They just gave because they want you to do well .
With that kind of backing , you have the responsibility to take care of them when they need your help .
I 'm lucky that I 've got a comfortable home to live in , and I 'm not paying rent .
I have even more respect for people who are n't well-to-do , but still choose to do it . That is assuming that they 'd have plans for their parents in the future .
If they go into it recklessly , and their parents are n't doing well , I do question that .
Make sure you 're there for your parents when they need you , both monetarily and physically .
10 . Where do you see yourself moving forward ?
Definitely being a big presence in music and to work with the likes of 88rising , Joji , Rich Chigga , and Keith Ape .
I 'm a pessimistic guy , so I wo n't put my hopes up there , but I 'm definitely gon na work towards it . I wo n't be discouraged by the fact that it 's not gon na happen . I 'm still gon na try .
I want to be that guy who people will say , ‘ Oh that 's the guy who carried the Malaysian music scene on their back , along with Alex , Talitha , Airliftz and these other people ' . To grow and nurture it and build it into a healthy music scene where people would pay for local music .
Ultimately I want arts in Malaysia to be a thing . It 's getting there , slowly , but surely . More and more people are appreciating the arts .
There will be a time where people will push for arts to go up there , and I want to contribute to that . Even if it means that I will be the guinea pig or case study for future artists in Malaysia .
HOUSTON , TX -- ( Marketwired - May 7 , 2014 ) - Minerco Resources , Inc. ( OTCQB : MINE ) ( the `` Company '' ) , the parent company of Level 5 Beverage Company ( `` Level 5 '' ) , a specialty beverage company which develops , produces , markets and distributes a diversified portfolio of all-natural and highly functional brands , secures $ 2,000,000 financing in form of a traditional Line of Credit from Post Oak , LLC .
This traditional $ 2,000,000 Credit Line with Post Oak , LLC will allow us to fund our operations for the foreseeable future . This credit facility allows us to draw down on the Credit Line on demand and leaves us in control of our financial future . Additionally , the Credit Line does not require an interest or principal payment for 12 months to allow us to establish significant sales and revenues before the first interest payment is due .
The upcoming bi-coastal launch of VitaminFIZZ® and expansion of COFFEE BOOST™ will be the first use of proceeds . The Herbal Collection will also be further funded with the initial drawdown from the credit facility . The flexibility Minerco and Level 5 gain from this credit facility will further help us to responsibly manage our upcoming growth and expansion . This flexibility will allow the Company to grow / expand multiple brands , streamline operations and realize revenues , simultaneously .
V. Scott Vanis , the Chairman and Managing Director of the Company said , `` We have been diligently working towards this type of traditional credit facility for a long time . Our work has finally paid off . This $ 2,000,000 Credit Line will allow the Company to make business decisions without the distractions caused by less traditional financing vehicles . The fact that we do not have any payments due while we launch VitaminFIZZ® and expand COFFEE BOOST™ is only trumped by the fact that we do not have any conversions to worry about . I would like to thank Post Oak and their team for their confidence in our companies ! We have earned this by operating our business in a responsible manner , and we will continue to do so . Only now we have added increased 'flexibility ' and 'freedom ' to our business operations . We look forward to a long relationship with Post Oak as we continue to set and attain our lofty goals . ''
Investor Update Conference Call held on April 29 , 2014
The Company / Level 5 held an Investor Update Call on April 29 , 2014 . We enjoyed interacting , directly , with our shareholders and thank you for all the interest in our Company . We released the Official Transcript of the Investor Update Call through a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and the Official Transcript will be available on our website at www.minercoresources.com on the News page .
`` The feedback received following the Update Call has been overwhelming , but overwhelmingly positive . The Call and Webcast was listened to by more than 2,000 unique participants or individuals . We are very humbled and appreciative of all the interest in our company . We discussed many topics in the Investor Update Call , and we are in the process of following through on each piece in our usual , systematic approach . I would like to direct all shareholders to my closing statements of the Investor Update Call for my feelings on their support . As always , we will keep you informed of developments and opportunities at the soonest opportunity , '' stated V. Scott Vanis , Chairman and Managing Director of the Company .
Public Disclosure
Details of the Company 's business , finances and agreements can be found as part of the Company 's continuous public disclosure as a fully reporting issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 's ( `` SEC '' ) EDGAR database . For more information , please visit : www.minercoresources.com .
The above statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) . These products are not intended to diagnose , treat , cure or prevent any disease .
Safe Harbor Statement
This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934 that are based upon current expectations or beliefs , as well as a number of assumptions about future events . Although we believe that the expectations and assumptions upon which they are based are reasonable , we can give no assurance that such expectations and assumptions will prove to have been correct . Some of these uncertainties include , without limitation , the company 's ability to perform under existing contracts or to procure future contracts . The reader is cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements , as these statements are subject to numerous factors and uncertainties , including without limitation , successful implementation of our business strategy and competition , any of which may cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the statements . We undertake no obligation and do not intend to update , revise or otherwise publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of any unanticipated events . Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions , we can give no assurance that our expectations will materialize . Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements .
Empath Sorcerous Origin
You have always had a knack for connecting with others in an intimate way . You know how to read their emotions and play upon them , manipulating them in subtle ways . This connection is often extremely potent , allowing you to sense others pain , pleasure , and indignance , as well as sharing your own emotions back with them .
Empath Origin Spells
Sorcerer Level Spells 1st Animal Friendship 3rd Calm Emotions 5th Speak with Plants 7th Phantasmal Killer 9th Geas 11th Modify Memory
Innate Sense
You have a magical sixth sense to read people 's moods that gives you additional sway when interacting with them . You have proficiency in Insight and Persuasion checks if you did not have them before . You also know the Viscious Mockery cantrip . It does not count against your known cantrips .
Sympathetic Presence
Starting at 1st level , you can broadcast your emotions through your spellcasting . When you cast a damaging cantrip , you can choose to change the damage type to psychic . After gaining Font of Magic , you can spend sorcery points equal to the level of the spell you 're casting to use this ability on higher level spells .
Additionally , you can the spell sanctuary once per day without expending a spell slot .
Intimate Link
Starting at 6th level , as an action , you create an intimate psychic bond with one creature you can see for one minute . If that target is hostile , or resists the connection , they must make a Charisma saving throw against your spell save DC . On a failed save , that creature is psychically tethered to you for the duration . Both creatures are considered bonded . Whenever one bonded creature takes damage or healing , both creatures split that amount between them evenly . This amount is calculated after considering the recipient 's resistences and immunities . The creature on the other end of the bond takes any damage regardless of their inherent immunities . This ability can only be used once per short or long rest .
Mental Fortitude
At 11th level , you gain minor resistance to forces trying to invade your mind . You have resistance to psychic damage . Any time a creature tries to sense your presence by magical means or deal psychic damage to you , you are aware of their exact location and identity .
Shift Motive
Beginning at 14th level , as an action , you are able to telepathically express your current plight or conviction with remarkable clarity . A creature that you can see must make a Charisma saving throw or be flooded with imagery and personal knowledge of your choosing . On a failed save , the creature sympathizes with you and , if hostile is no longer hostile and refuses to attack you or allies sharing your cause . A non-hostile creature who fails this save will become an ally to your cause . You may use this feature a number of times equal to your Charisma modifier per day , but never on the same creature twice in a day .
Mind Vault
From 18th level , your mind is impervious to external influence and you have a heightened level of focus . You gain immunity to psychic damage and the charmed condition . You also have advantage saves to maintain concentration for Enchantment spells and enemies have disadvantage on saves against your Enchantment spells .
Image Credit : Jonathon Earl Bowser
I 'm using Bootstrap X-Editable along with bootstrap-wysihtml5 .
I have a comment list on every post page with an edit link under each comment .
But I can only edit the first comment on the last ( the newest submitted comment ) and the rest simply do n't load the X-Editable field .
$ ( ' # note ' ) .editable ( { validate : function ( value ) { if ( $ .trim ( value ) == `` ) return 'Value is required . ' ; } , type : 'wysihtml5 ' , title : 'Edit Comment ' , placement : 'top ' , send : 'always ' , ajaxOptions : { dataType : 'json ' , type : 'post ' } } ) ; $ ( ' # pencil ' ) .click ( function ( e ) { e.stopPropagation ( ) ; e.preventDefault ( ) ; $ ( ' # note ' ) .editable ( 'toggle ' ) ; } ) ;
And the HTML
< div id= '' note '' class= '' note '' data-type= '' wysihtml5 '' data-toggle= '' manual '' data-pk= '' { { $ each_comment- > id } } '' data-placement= '' top '' data-url= '' { { url ( $ each_comment- > post_id . '/comment/update ' ) } } '' > { ! ! $ each_comment- > comment ! ! } < /div > < a href= '' # '' id= '' pencil '' class= '' pencil '' data-type= '' wysihtml5 '' data-toggle= '' manual '' data-pk= '' { { $ each_comment- > id } } '' data-placement= '' top '' data-url= '' { { url ( $ each_comment- > post_id . '/comment/update ' ) } } '' > < i class= '' icon-pencil '' style= '' padding-right : 5px '' > < /i > [ edit ] < /a >
UPDATE
I made some changes , I added a pen class to the edit link
< a href= '' # '' id= '' pencil '' class= '' pen '' data-pk= '' { { $ each_comment- > id } } '' > [ edit ] < /a >
And I call it with a.pen
( ' a.pen ' ) .click ( function ( e ) { e.stopPropagation ( ) ; e.preventDefault ( ) ; console.log ( $ ( ' # note ' ) .attr ( `` data-pk '' ) ) ; $ ( ' # note ' ) .editable ( 'toggle ' ) ; } ) ;
Now all edit links are loading the X-Editable field but they 're all showing the same comment with id 142 which is the latest submitted comment .
One of the nation 's most restrictive abortion laws went into effect Wednesday in North Carolina after a federal judge temporarily halted the law 's most controversial requirement — that a woman getting an abortion must first view a narrated ultrasound image of the fetus . U.S. District Court Judge Catherine Eagles ordered a preliminary injunction late Tuesday , ruling that the ultrasound requirement likely violates patients ' First Amendment rights .
You know we are on the losing end of the War on Women when this is touted as a victory :
The feminist blogosphere and advocacy organizations pronounced this ruling a victory because women in North Carolina wo n't be forced to look at an ultrasound image of their fetus at least four hours before terminating a pregnancy . For now .
But it 's a pretty small victory when you consider the other components of the ridiculously named `` A Woman 's Right to Know Act '' that were upheld . Women will still be forced to have an ultrasound ; they just wo n't be required to look at it . And doctors will still have to tell their patients about `` any medical risks or 'adverse psychological effects ' of abortions . '' You know , like how abortion causes cancer ( it does n't ) and will probably turn the woman into a suicidal and/or homicidal maniac ( it wo n't ) .
And the state will still have to list crisis pregnancy centers ( CPCs ) on its website for women seeking abortions . Just in time , NARAL Pro-Choice North Carolina released the results of its 10-month undercover investigation of North Carolina 's CPCs :
Investigators were told medical inaccuracies including , `` The AIDS virus is smaller than the holes in condoms , '' and `` 30 percent of women attempt suicide after an abortion . ''
In total , 61 out of 66 facilities did not report any medically trained or medically supervised personnel on staff .
Even in the rare cases of centers that are overseen by medical professionals , there are no regulations in place to ensure that confidentiality is protected and that women will receive medically accurate information and services that meet an appropriate standard of care with respect to all reproductive health options .
Think about that . You 're pregnant in North Carolina . You are seeking information about obtaining a legal medical procedure . You turn to the state , and you 're directed to a religion-based center that does n't even have any medical professionals on staff . Just what kind of medical information are you going to get ? According to NARAL 's investigation :
[ O ] ne investigator who posed as a pregnant Jewish woman was given a Bible and told by volunteers at five different CPCs that they would not go to heaven unless they became a Christian .
Which year of medical school do you think they teach converting the heathens ?
Some additional findings from the investigation :
26 % ( 17 of 66 CPCs ) incorrectly stated as fact that abortion leads to breast cancer .
48 % ( 32 CPCs ) advised women seeking family planning services that none of the common methods of birth control are effective at preventing pregnancy .
24 % ( 16 CPCs ) suggested the high possibility of miscarriage as a reason to avoid an abortion .
And no , that last point does not make any kind of sense . But then , that 's the kind of `` medical advice '' you get from pregnancy centers that do n't actually employ medical professionals . Not that they will actually inform their patients customers that they do n't provide actual medical care :
Only 24 % ( 16 CPCs ) disclosed that they are not medical facilities .
A woman 's right to know apparently does not include their right to know that there are no medical professionals at the `` medical facility '' they are directed to by the state .
The other , not-so-victorious provisions of the law that were upheld include a 24-hour waiting period , during which time women are required to review printed materials that show :
[ P ] ictures or drawings representing the development of the unborn child at two-week gestational increments . The pictures shall contain the dimensions of the unborn child , information about brain and heart functions , the presence of external members and internal organs , and be realistic and appropriate for the stage of pregnancy depicted . [ ... ] The printed materials shall prominently display the following statement : `` The life of each human being begins at conception . Abortion will terminate the life of a separate , unique living human being . ''
The law describes that required information as `` objective , nonjudgmental , and designed to convey only accurate scientific information about the unborn child at the various gestational ages . '' Because telling a woman that life begins at conception and the grape-sized clump of cells inside their uterus is a `` separate , unique living human being '' is considered science in North Carolina .
These are the hoops through which women in North Carolina must still jump in order to obtain a medical procedure . But at least looking at the ultrasound image of the fetus is no longer one of them .
And this is what passes for a victory in the war on women 's reproductive rights . Which shows just how badly we 're losing the war .
____________
This week 's good , bad and ugly below the fold .
President Obama is suggesting that House Republicans on the issue of gun control appear neither willing to work with them nor inclined to listen to the American public on the issue .
“ The House Republican majority is made up mostly of members who are in sharply gerrymandered districts that are very safely Republican and may not feel compelled to pay attention to broad-based public opinion , because what they 're really concerned about is the opinions of their specific Republican constituencies , ” the president said in an interview with The New Republic .
Obama also said they can get 50 percent of public support for many of their upcoming initiatives , but “ I ca n't get enough votes out of the House of Representatives to actually get something passed . … I think there is still shock on the part of some in the party that I won re-election . ”
The president said they have a profound respect for the traditions of hunting that date back for generations .
They said that moving forward on the topic means understanding that the realities of guns in urban areas are very different from the realities of guns in rural areas .
More On This ...
They said it 's understandable that people are protective of their family traditions when it comes to hunting so “ gun-control advocates also need to do “ a little more listening than they do sometimes ” in the debate .
The interview appears in the Feb. 11 issue of The New Republic .
Obama also said one of the biggest factors in the gun-control debate will be how it is shaped by the media .
“ If a Republican member of Congress is not punished on Fox News or by Rush Limbaugh for working with a Democrat on a bill of common interest , then you 'll see more of them doing it , ” they said . “ I think John Boehner genuinely wanted to get a deal done , but it was hard to do in part because their caucus is more conservative probably than most Republican leaders are , and partly because they are vulnerable to attack for compromising Republican principles and working with Obama . ”
The president argued that “ the more left-leaning media outlets recognize that compromise is not a dirty word ” and that party leaders , including Senate Majority Harry Reid and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , are “ willing to buck the more absolutist-wing elements in our party to try to get stuff done . ”
Has Obama themselves ever fired a gun ? Yes , they say , they and others shoot skeet frequently at the president 's Maryland retreat , Camp David .
The president also said much of the challenge in Washington is to make Americans feel that national politics is indeed connected to their day-to-day realities .
“ And that 's not an unjustifiable view , ” they said . So everything we do combines both a legislative strategy with a broad-based communications and outreach strategy to get people engaged and involved , so that it 's not Washington over here and the rest of America over there . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Pokémon Go is a fun new game , where you can catch Pokémon in real life . You know what would be even better ?
HARRY POTTER IN REAL LIFE . Nitwit . Blubber . Oddment . Tweak .
The possibilities are endless . In a Harry Potter augmented reality game , you could cast spells in real life . Accio Firebolt ! And have a wizard duel with your friends , expelliarmus could disable their app for a few seconds ! Who is your second ?
In honor of the new movie , Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them , you could search for magical creatures , like hippogriffs , and dragons , and goblins , and acromantulas . Follow the spiders Ron . The app could be a fantastic ( pun intended ) promotion for the movie .
With Harry Potter Go , you could search for the seven Horcruxes , and then for swords , and basilisk fangs to destroy them . Someone get a Time-Turner and make this game yesterday !
Stargaze Media made this incredible Harry Potter Go Trailer . It 's like a cheering charm . Sign this petition to tell Warner Brothers that you would play Harry Potter Go !
This game is a win for all . Harry Potter fans can return to the magical universe of witchcraft and wizardry , and Warner Brothers could cash in tons of muggle money . According to my brief study of economics , if there is enough demand , it will be supplied . Sign this petition to demand a Harry Potter augmented reality game with me !
# WeNeedHarryPotterGO
What are the most dangerous cities in Kansas ? To get the lowdown on the cities in Kansas that are the most dangerous with the highest crime rates , we consulted the most recent FBI Uniform Crime Report . Our rankings are based solely on the data publicly released each year by the FBI . A crime is a crime , so we took both violent and property crimes into account when compiling our list of Kansas ' most dangerous cities . Our list of dangerous cities , however , are ranked according to violent crime rate . *
We realize that this topic is inherently controversial in nature and hits close to home . We are aware that there are many different ways to present this data , but when compiling this list we chose to consider not just murder rate , but both violent and property crimes . Our list is ranked by violent crime rate , but check each city listing to get a general idea of the city 's ranking in terms of overall criminal offenses . Only cities with populations over 5,000 were considered . Cities with overall crime rates below 45 were also excluded .
1 . Coffeyville , KS : Kansas ' Most Dangerous City Population : 10,189
Annual Crimes Per 1,000 Residents
Violent Crimes : 10.70 per 1,000 residents
Property Crimes : 52.21 per 1,000 residents
Total Reported Crimes : 62.91 per 1,000 residents Coffeyville has a crime rate of about 63 per one thousand residents . Your chance of becoming a victim of a crime in Coffeyville ? One in 16 . Coffeyville 's ranking when considering both violent and property crimes ? # 2 These statistics make Coffeyville the most dangerous city in Kansas .
2 . Wichita , KS Population : 386,409
Annual Crimes Per 1,000 Residents
Violent Crimes : 7.42 per 1,000 residents
Property Crimes : 54.53 per 1,000 residents
Total Reported Crimes : 61.95 per 1,000 residents Wichita has a crime rate of about 62 per one thousand residents . Your chance of becoming a victim of a crime in Wichita ? One in 16 . Wichita 's ranking when considering both violent and property crimes ? # 3
3 . Fort Scott , KS Population : 8,031
Annual Crimes Per 1,000 Residents
Violent Crimes : 6.35 per 1,000 residents
Property Crimes : 42.83 per 1,000 residents
Total Reported Crimes : 49.18 per 1,000 residents Fort Scott has a crime rate of about 49 per one thousand residents . Your chance of becoming a victim of a crime in Fort Scott ? One in 20 . Fort Scott 's ranking when considering both violent and property crimes ? # 8
4 . Hutchinson , KS Population : 42,357
Annual Crimes Per 1,000 Residents
Violent Crimes : 6.19 per 1,000 residents
Property Crimes : 59.47 per 1,000 residents
Total Reported Crimes : 65.66 per 1,000 residents Hutchinson has a crime rate of about 67 per one thousand residents . Your chance of becoming a victim of a crime in Hutchinson ? One in 15 . Hutchinson 's ranking when considering both violent and property crimes ? # 1
5 . Topeka , KS Population : 128,843
Annual Crimes Per 1,000 Residents
Violent Crimes : 5.99 per 1,000 residents
Property Crimes : 53.10 per 1,000 residents
Total Reported Crimes : 59.09 per 1,000 residents Topeka has a crime rate of about 59 per one thousand residents . Your chance of becoming a victim of a crime in Topeka ? One in 17 . Topeka 's ranking when considering both violent and property crimes ? # 4
1 2
The Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 edge both passed through the FCC a few days back . The regulatory body certified models of both handsets for Verizon , AT & T , T-Mobile and Sprint , confirming that they will be available from all four major carriers in the United States . The specifications of these handsets have already been leaked multiple times and it was expected that the Galaxy S7 edge will feature a 3600mAh battery . A screenshot taken from the FCC filing of this handset reveals that it does indeed feature a 3600mAh battery .
There 's no luck for the Galaxy S7 though as the FCC ID and label position document in its filing do n't include the screenshot but it 's expected that this handset has a 3000mAh battery . Both flagships are going to feature larger batteries as opposed to the Galaxy S6 and the Galaxy S6 edge , Samsung took a lot of flak for not offering a removable battery with those flagships . Perhaps the increased capacity is going to eliminate some of those concerns this time around . Samsung has scheduled an event for February 21 where it 's going to formally unveil the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 edge .
Source
Before Ronda Rousey was ever the UFC Women 's Bantamweight champion or even the Strikeforce women 's Bantamweight champion they were one of the very best American judokas . In 2008 in Beijing , Rousey became the first American woman ever to medal in judo at the Olympic Games .
There have been scant few elite judokas to enter into Mixed Martial Arts , and because of that , Rousey makes use of some positions and techniques that are present in other grappling arts , but not frequently applied in MMA . One such position is the Kesa Gatame side control position , a pinning position used in Judo , Wrestling , and Sambo .
Pictured above is Rousey using the Kesa Gatame pin against Liz Carmouche in their UFC debut . The position is an extremely strong one when done correctly . While there a many variations , this is the most basic Kesa Gatame , which translates as `` Scarf Hold '' .
Rather being in the chest-to-chest position typical of most side controls , Rousey must sit through and rest their right leg next to Carmouche 's head to achieve the Kes Gatame . From here , Rousey 's core is resting against the side of Carmouche 's ribs , and Rousey is pushing off their left leg , putting their weight down on Carmouche 's ribs .
Rousey 's right arm has dived under Carmouche 's head , lifting it off the cage floor . This , combined with Rousey 's right leg being straight out by the top of Carmouche 's head , almost completely takes away Carmouche 's ability to bridge . The only option left to Carmouche is to try to turn into Rousey , but Ronda is using their arm to pull up on Carmouche 's right arm . Rousey is using the arm as a lever that prevents Carmouche from turning ; keeping their flat on their back .
For a more detailed look at the position here is 2008 Olympic judoka Matt D'Aquino :
Kesa gatame - in depth instruction ( via BeyondGrappling )
Now keep in mind that the picture of Rousey is a snapshot and that when you watch the action live you can see them making the small adjustments to help control Carmouche .
But what to do with that control ? Unlike Sambo , Judo , or Wrestling , MMA does not reward pinning . So what does Rousey seek to accomplish with this technique ?
Ronda will use it as a finish to passing guard to secure their position or finish in the position after a throw . They did this against Meisha Tate in their first fight . Ronda will also use it to control so they can strike to the face or make a move to the mounted position
The Kesa Gatame can also be used to submit opponents . Against Carmouche , Rousey was attempting to set up an armlock from this position . While that may not come as a huge surprise , it was not the traditional armbar that they favor ; rather they were attempting to set up a bent arm lock . Rousey struck much more in the Carmouche fight than they had in the past . You can see them trying to bait Carmouche into bringing their right arm away from their body , so they could set up the Ude Garami , translated as bent armlock and known to most MMA fans as the Americana , with the legs .
Image copyright Alamy
A new discovery has revealed that the Vikings may have travelled hundreds of miles further into North America than previously thought . It 's well known that they reached the tip of the continent more than 1,000 years ago , but the full extent of their exploration has remained a mystery , writes historian Dan Snow .
After a long hike across boggy ground and through thick pine forests , clutching pepper spray to protect against bear attacks , Sarah Parcak and their small team of archaeologists stood on an exposed , wind-blasted headland in North America .
Exhausted but happy , they had been led to Point Rosee in Newfoundland by the most high-tech weaponry in the modern archaeological arsenal - satellite data captured 383 miles ( 600km ) above the Earth . But once here they were back to using trowels and brushes . I joined them to see how this powerful combination of new and old allowed them to make what could be a seismic discovery .
We were here on the trail of one of the greatest maritime cultures of all time . We were here inspired by ancient chronicles which many have written off as fairy stories . We were here looking for Vikings .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sarah Parcak and Douglas Bolender show Dan Snow what they 've found
In about 800AD Britain felt the fury of these men from the north . Portmahomack was one of Scotland 's most prosperous and important communities . On a protected bay in Easter Ross , on the edge of the Highlands , it was well placed as a waypoint for merchants , travellers and pilgrims moving along the east coast .
Recent excavations have given us a picture of a wealthy monastery at its heart . Scriptures were copied on to carefully prepared animal skin parchment by monks , skilled craftsmen created beautiful , jewel-encrusted religious ornaments , sculptors carved intricate Celtic crosses . Trade was the source of these riches , the sea brought wealth , but the sea also brought destruction .
Archaeologists have revealed that Portmahomack was suddenly and utterly destroyed . They found smashed fragments of sculptures mingled with the ashes of torched buildings . The settlement was wiped out . It is impossible to be certain but historians now think the most likely explanation is that it was attacked and looted . When I visited , a couple of months before the trip to Point Rosee , I held a piece of skull in my hand , presumably from a monk .
Image copyright Dan Snow
It had been shattered by a mighty blow , the sword 's blade left a deep gouge that makes the cause of death clear . Who were these men who slaughtered God 's servants and annihilated one of the oldest Christian sites in Britain ? Almost certainly they were men who cared nothing for the Christian God , men who came in ships from the north and west , men who sought gold : Vikings .
The attack on Portmahomack is the only Viking raid in Britain for which we have archaeological evidence . Others , such as the attack on Lindisfarne at about the same time , echo only through the reports recorded in chronicles . Together these two violent raids mark the start of an era of attacks from across the North Sea . The Vikings or Norse exploded out of Sweden , Denmark and Norway , using hugely sophisticated navigational skills and shipbuilding technology as they pushed ever further into the wider world .
Vikings conquered Normandy in France - the land of the Northmen - even parts of Italy and the Levant . They also founded Dublin , made deep inroads into England and island-hopped across the North Atlantic . Orkney , Shetland , Fair Isle and Iceland .
Image copyright BBC/Freddie Clare
They even crossed to Greenland , where I visited stunning Viking sites on the coast , dodging icebergs to get ashore . But perhaps their greatest achievement is the one shrouded in the most mystery . Did they get to North America ? If so , was it a fleeting visit or did they colonise that distant coast too , centuries before Christopher Columbus ?
The descendants of the Vikings left sagas - beautiful works of literature in which fact and fiction are often poetically intermixed . They clearly state that the intrepid Leif Erikson led an expedition to the east coast of North America . They describe good harbours , and an abundance of natural resources . One of the most fascinating mysteries in history is whether these can be believed .
Find out more
Image copyright BBC/Freddie Clare
In The Vikings Uncovered Dan Snow tracks their expansion west , first as raiders and then as settlers and traders . They travel through Britain , to Iceland , Greenland and Canada to see what could be the most westerly Viking settlement ever discovered . The programme will be on BBC One on Monday 4 April at 20:30 .
In 1960 , a site on the very northernmost tip of Newfoundland in Canada , L'Anse aux Meadows , was investigated and archaeologists were convinced that it was a Viking settlement . The world woke up to the fact that the Vikings had reached North America before any other Europeans . But no other site has been identified , the search for Viking America stalled . Until now .
Sarah Parcak uses satellite imagery to look for irregularities in the soil , potentially caused by human-made structures which lie beneath . They have used this technique to find ancient sites in Egypt and a few years ago they scoured the Roman Empire where they identified the site of the great lighthouse at Portus near Rome and several other buildings , from a fort in Tunisia to ramparts in Romania . Last year , they decided to search for the Vikings .
It was n't easy . They travelled light and left nothing behind . No massive stone theatres for them . They voyaged in longships with a strong oak keel , and thin overlapping planks fanning out to form the iconic , graceful hull - the gaps between the planks stuffed with animal hair and tar . The rudder was fixed on with a twisted birch sapling . Sails spun from wool . Food was pickled herring , lamb smoked using reindeer droppings , fermented salmon . Almost everything on a Viking ship would get recycled or rot away . But they did leave a trace , and Parcak 's team were determined to pick it up , however faint .
Image copyright Image © 2016 DigitalGlobe Inc
They scanned satellite pictures from across the east coast of America . Several sites appeared worth following up , but they had to decide on one for a dig . In the end they opted for a headland , almost the very western tip of Newfoundland , 400 miles further south and west than the only known Viking site in North America .
It overlooked two bays , offering protection for ships from any wind direction . Parcak saw oddities in the soil that stood out - patterns and discolourations that suggested artificial , human-made structures , possibly even Viking longhouses , once stood there .
Image copyright Image © 2016 DigitalGlobe Inc
It was time to leave the lab , and head out into the field . For a couple of weeks Parcak led the team as they carefully probed the ground that they had first spotted thanks to a satellite hundreds of miles away in space .
Newfoundland 's climate is as brutal as ours in the British Isles with hail , gales , sweltering sun and driving rain . Exploratory trenches were flooded , equipment blew away , but they toughed it out and found something tantalising .
Months before , in their lab , Sarah had shown me an image that they thought might be the site of burning or metalwork . Sure enough , when they started to dig on the exact spot , they found something . Something that might prove to be a breakthrough . Carefully peeling back the layers of earth , they found what seemed to be a hearth .
Image copyright Dan Snow
A blackened rock testified to intense temperatures . Beneath it were piles of charcoal mixed with cooked bog iron - an iron deposit that needs to be baked to drive off impurities and allow the iron to be extracted for smelting . Surrounding the hearth appeared to be a turf wall of the kind built by Viking settlers across the North Atlantic .
Image copyright Greg Mumford
`` I am absolutely thrilled , '' says Parcak . `` Typically in archaeology , you only ever get to write a footnote in the history books , but what we seem to have at Point Rosee may be the beginning of an entirely new chapter .
`` This new site could unravel more secrets about the Vikings , whether they were the first Europeans to 'occupy ' briefly in North America , and reveal that the Vikings dared to explore much further into the New World than we ever thought . ''
They immediately checked that there could be no other explanation for these deposits . Newfoundland historian Olaf Janzen was certain , no other groups of settlers roasted bog iron in Newfoundland . Nothing has been proven yet , but it looks like Parcak might have found evidence for Viking exploration in North America that goes much further than just that one site discovered in the 60s .
This find `` has the potential to change history '' says Douglas Bolender , an expert on Viking settlement who has spent 15 years tracking the Vikings across the north Atlantic . `` Right now the simplest answer is that it looks like a small activity area , maybe connected to a larger farm that is Norse . '' They are excited and ca n't wait to see what further excavation reveals . He 's hoping that seeds or other organic matter that can be carbon dated will be unearthed .
If Parcak has found evidence of another Viking site , it will ignite a new search for Viking settlements across eastern Canada and New England , perhaps as far south as New York and even beyond . Technology has unlocked long forgotten stories from our past , and that technology is getting ever more sophisticated . For those of us who are fascinated by the travels of the intrepid Norsemen , the next few years will provide ever more inspiration .
The Vikings Uncovered is on BBC One on Monday 4 April at 20:30
Go berserk with iWonder
Image copyright Getty Images
Vikings warriors were a fierce bunch , trained in archery , spear-throwing and swordplay from the age of 10 . The most fanatical warriors were called `` berserkers '' .
Could you be a Viking Warrior ?
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine 's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox .
Exclusive : An external report into IT at the city authority suggests the trailblazing council could move away from using open-source software .
Image : Björn Kindler
As an open-source software pioneer , Munich spent years moving away from Windows , but now politicians are debating a report that suggests the city could eventually abandon Linux .
If the authority ruling Germany 's third largest city backs proposals to make Windows 10 and Microsoft Office available across the council , it would be a significant step away from open-source software for an organization once seen as its champion .
Over a nine year period starting in 2004 , the council moved about 15,000 staff from using Windows and Office to LiMux—a custom version of the Ubuntu desktop OS—and other open-source software . At the time , Munich was one of the largest organizations to reject Windows , and Microsoft took the city 's leaving so seriously that then CEO Steve Ballmer flew to Munich to meet the mayor .
Now a report commissioned by current mayor Dieter Reiter to help determine the future of IT at the council has outlined a project to make Windows 10 and Microsoft Office available to all departments , and give staff the choice about whether to use Windows or LiMux .
If Windows subsequently became a popular choice , the report says `` it could be investigated whether it makes economic sense to continue using Linux as a client operating system '' .
This work , part of a wider €18.9m 'architecture and client ' project , would see Munich city council take on two new `` Windows experts '' , who would help develop a `` powerful '' new Windows client for use by staff .
This renewed focus on Windows would be a dramatic departure from the council 's current policy , which has reduced the number of Windows machines to a minimum , keeping only those needed to run software incompatible with LiMux .
Backing Windows
The council has previously said that the bulk of users had not taken issue with the move to LiMux and free software . However , in correspondence with the council , there is support from various departments for replacing LiMux and LibreOffice with Windows and Office .
The city 's human resources department ( POR ) is particularly critical of LiMux , saying that since 2006 when the POR started using LiMux and OpenOffice , later switching to LibreOffice , that `` the efficiency and productivity of the POR-supported workplaces has decreased noticeably '' - referencing crashes , display and printing errors .
`` Even 10 years after the start of the LiMuX migration , the users and users of the POR are dissatisfied , '' says the letter , claiming that , even after updates , LiMux and LibreOffice are `` far behind the current technical possibilities of established standard solutions '' .
Contrary to Munich 's stated goal of freedom from proprietary software , the POR representative says the city of Munich `` is still dependent on Microsoft , Oracle , SAP , etc. , since many requirements can only be met by the products of these manufacturers '' . Aspects of these proprietary systems are incompatible with LiMux , according to POR , citing the council 's SAP security system , and errors in how PDFs are displayed by the open-source viewing software . Another department describes the use of Windows as being `` mandatory in many areas of the city of Munich , whereas Limux clients are not '' .
`` The POR strongly supports a swift and structured transition to Windows , Microsoft Office products and standard applications , '' the letter states .
Even if the council were to accept the report 's suggestion that Windows be made available across the council and LiMux eventually dropped , no change would be made immediately . Under architecture and client project , the consultants report recommends that LiMux continues to be improved , as both LiMux and Windows continue to be used side-by-side at Munich for at least the next couple of years .
Fighting lock-in
Matthias Kirschner , president of the Free Software Foundation Europe ( FSFE ) , said it would `` sad '' if the council were to implement the Windows-focused changes on the basis of the information set out in the report .
They point out that the report only mentions abandoning LiMux in the future , not Windows , wording that they say `` makes clear '' the report is written with a view to `` get rid of the LiMux client , and that other options might not even be considered '' .
Kirschner also questioned why Accenture was chosen to co-author a report assessing the use of Microsoft software , when the consultancy runs a joint venture with Microsoft called Avanade , which helps businesses implement Microsoft technologies .
`` Such relationships are problematic and people should interpret the results considering that , '' they said .
For its part , Accenture said it has an `` independent view of the technology landscape '' .
Under the four year , €18.9m architecture and client program , the council would undertake various work including `` modernization of the applications '' , more timely updates to the LiMux client , implementing a new administrative network , a new directory service , a new `` workplace '' and unified identity and access management .
`` The goal of the client and architecture implementation project is to eliminate legacy in the infrastructure , as well as to introduce a powerful Windows client and related basic services , '' the report states .
Kirschner said there needs to be more details released on the cost of buying , running and supporting Windows 10 PCs compared to LiMux machines , as well as new infrastructure spend the project would require . In particular , they called for more information on whether Windows 10 machines would cost more , given that LiMux can run on lower-specced computers .
Across the council there are about 20,000 Linux-based PCs used by staff alongside about 4,163 Windows-based PCs , with Windows generally used where line of business software can not run on anything else .
The high cost and complexity of maintaining a Windows- and Linux-based client side-by-side is classed as a `` high severity '' weak point in the report .
In Kirschner 's view , if Munich were to return to Windows , it would illustrate how difficult it is for public administrations to free themselves from being locked into using Microsoft software , rather than any fundamental weakness of open-source alternatives .
`` Of course it will be portrayed by opponents as a failure of Free Software , instead of a failure of decision in procurement over many years , '' they said .
`` A lot of the software used specifically by public administrations locks the users to Microsoft Windows , often a certain version of it . This makes switching to any other system cost intensive and difficult .
`` Not just a migration to a Free Software desktop , but also to newer version of proprietary operating systems like Microsoft Windows or for example to Mac OS X or Chrome OS . ''
One area where the FSFE and the consultants ' report are in agreement is on the need for platform-independent software . Part of the work undertaken under the wider architecture and client project , would be to replace more platform-dependent software with browser-based alternatives , with the report describing the decoupling of operating systems and applications as `` critical '' .
Obsolete software
The wider architecture and client project is itself only one of a series of IT transformation projects outlined in the report , which says change is needed to address user complaints about outdated and unreliable software at Munich .
The report does n't make it clear whether problems are primarily related to LiMux or the remaining Windows PCs , but where users are dissatisfied , they complain of problems with printing , viewing and editing documents , unstable programs , poor usability and difficulty exchanging documents with outside parties .
These intermittent problems stem from the variety of PC clients being used , and the use of old versions of operating systems , office software , browsers and infrastructure , according to the report .
`` The LHM [ city of Munich ] works with obsolete , partially unsafe , usually extremely cumbersome IT , leading to lots of wasted time and productivity , '' the report states .
The lifecycle of the operating systems on client PCs is very long , with the rollout of new clients taking up to two-and-a-half years .
The staggered nature of updates to client PCs is reflected in the spread of operating system versions used by the council . At the time the report gathered its information , the most up to date clients ran LiMux 5.x , based on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS , which was run on about 45 percent of machines , 32 percent were running version 4.1 and 23 percent were running version 4.0 .
Of the Windows machines , about 77 percent ran Windows 7 , nine percent ran Windows XP / Vista and 14 percent ran Windows 2000 . The report gives the impression that managing Windows clients is more difficult because of the extent to which the configuration of each machine and installed software varies between departments , as well as processes for managing Windows machines being less well-established .
What 's next ?
To help address these wider organizational problems , the report recommends that the three tiers of IT management within the city are merged into one central IT department .
Elected officials in the administrative and personnel committee are due to discuss the consultants ' report today , Wednesday November 9 , followed by a full council debate at a later date .
At present , officials are not considering the Windows-focused architecture and client project , and the resolution before the administrative and personnel committee asks members to approve proposals set out in the report to merge the city 's IT departments .
Philippe Louis , spokesperson for education , sports , finance , IT and municipal employment with Munich Green Party said their colleagues will continue to support the use of open-source within the authority .
`` The Green Party are always for using open source . At the end of the day , there are always things that are not working very well but this would be the same for Microsoft , '' they said .
`` The persons in the administration , sometimes they are yelling out that the office products are not as good as Microsoft and so on . But I think this is more about ' I was used to it for 20 years and then you changed something ' . ''
However , Louis does n't believe the council will make a decision related to the Accenture 's report in the near future , describing the 450-page document as being 'too complex ' to consider in a matter of days and saying that councillors will ask for a further one or two months to consider its findings .
Open Source Weekly Newsletter You do n't want to miss our tips , tutorials , and commentary on the Linux OS and open source applications . Delivered Tuesdays Sign up today
Read more on Windows and Munich ...
March 23 ( UPI ) -- Researchers in Scotland have figured out what happens to laser energy when a beam is fired into plasma .
Plasma is the most abundant form of matter in the universe . When it is fully ionized , and the positive and negative charged particles separate , plasma can host powerful electronic and magnetic fields .
Researchers can create plasma particle separation by hitting it with a laser pulse . The pulse displaces electrons , leaving ions isolated , which then exert an attractive force on the displaced electrons . The pulse then creates a wake of oscillating electrons .
The electric phenomenon creates a particle accelerator . Because the wake moves close to the speed of light , it allows charged particles to be accelerated across short distances at high energies .
Until now , scientists had n't investigated what happens to the entirety of the energy supplied by the laser pulse .
`` An interesting conundrum that has not been considered before is the question of where laser energy goes after being deposited in plasma , '' Dino Jaroszynski , a professor of physics at the University of Strathclyde , said in a news release . `` We know where some of this energy goes because of the presence of high-energy electrons emitted in a narrow , forward directed beam . ''
Analysis by Jaroszynski and their colleagues revealed the presence of two other beams , one of which moves in a backwards direction .
`` My research group has shown that the wakefield accelerator produces three beams , two of which are low energy and high charge , and the third , high energy and low charge , '' Jaroszynski said .
Researchers hope their findings -- detailed in the journal Scientific Reports -- will help scientists improve the efficiency and application potential of wakefield accelerators .
`` These beams can provide a useful high flux of electrons or bremsstrahlung photons over a large area , which can be used for imaging applications , or for investigating radiation damage in materials , '' said Enrico Brunetti , a physicist and research fellow at Strathclyde . `` If not properly dumped , they can , however , have undesirable side-effects , such as causing damage to equipment placed close to the accelerator . ''
RELATED Scientists recreate stellar combustion conditions using compact lasers
Since I spend a good deal of my life advocating for the adoption of shelter and rescue animals , I was especially disappointed with Erin Auerbach 's recently-published column ( `` Why I 'd Never Adopt a Shelter Dog Again '' ) in several national news outlets .
Many of their assumptions , and their opinions stated as facts , are troubling . They run contrary to real data and the experiences of legions of animal welfare professionals . On behalf of the tens of thousands of animals for whom I am responsible , or will be responsible , I 'm compelled to address these assumptions head on .
I have a great deal of sympathy for Ms. Auerbach 's described experience of having had three dogs as companions and then ( inevitably ) losing them . I commend them for providing them with a standard of care that allowed them to live for months , if not years , with medical conditions . Having had many similar experiences , I understand the associated challenges and lingering grief .
They offer that before these experiences they were biased in favor of rescue animals . In other columns , they mention that they grew up in a family who rescued and adopted , and those animals lived `` extraordinarily long lives . '' Them painful personal experiences have caused them to re-examine and change their previously held beliefs .
Every person has the right to come to conclusions based upon their or their own life experiences . On the other hand the lives of shelter animals , and the public policy that is formed to support them , should n't be shaped by the recent , emotional experience of any one of us .
The three most recent dogs in Ms. Auerbach 's life were all rescued from unnamed sources . One was `` reliably healthy '' for over a decade before their final decline . A second was diagnosed with cancer six months after adoption , which is incredibly unfortunate for the beings on both ends of the leash . They lived an additional three years . The last of the three rescue dogs had a seizure disorder ; they had them for at least five years before having them euthanized .
From these experiences they conclude that shelter animals are more likely to become sick . They state that `` rescue and shelter dogs are a crap shoot . ''
Reality , as reflected in research and hard data , simply does n't support their conclusions . When animals develop a medical condition the chances are good that singular genetic or environmental factors -- or a combination of the two -- are at play . This is true for dogs who are purebred , and those who are mutts . It is true for those who come from professional breeders , casual breeders , and shelters . There are no guarantees of long-term health for any animal . It 's a crap shoot all the way around .
Having seen the surrender of untold thousands of animals in my career , I can pull back the curtain on a little known fact : many of the dogs who come through my shelter , and shelters across America , originally came from a breeder . Some of them are with us because of a health condition the owner no longer wished to deal with .
In the past year , the Washington Humane Society saved the lives of 85 % of the animals in our care . Of those who came through our doors , 3.6 % represented a returned adoption -- for any of a number of reasons on the part of the people ( allergy , change of lifestyle , and others ) or because of a health or behavior issue in the animal .
We do our best to stay in touch with people after they take an animal home to ensure the adoption is working well for everyone . There have been some cases where an unknown ailment has cropped up -- and when this happens , it is difficult -- but these situations are few and far between . Our own statistics dispel the notion that any significant number of animals sicken and become a burden in their new homes .
Interestingly , we 've noticed that a medical condition for a purebred dog is more likely to be forgivable ( `` Oh , they are a shepherd , they often have that problem '' ) than when a mixed breed has that same condition ( `` Well , that 's what you get with a rescue animal '' ) .
Because we understand that potential adopters are trying to make a good match , and to minimize the risk of a misfit for any reason , many humane societies employ teams of professionals to understand the needs and limitations of each individual animal .
Ms. Auerbach states that `` behavior issues or illnesses or high maintenance costs usually rear their heads after adoption . '' Again , the facts just do n't bear this out . Far more commonly , the surrendering owner identifies the problem for us but can not afford the veterinary care -- one of the most heartbreaking reasons for surrender .
In other cases our own professional staff members identify issues . At WHS , we have a medical director and two staff veterinarians ; four behavior experts ; more than a half dozen veterinary technicians ; and dozens of shelter directors and managers , field officers , and animal caregivers with significant training and life experience in animal medical and behavior conditions . When we identify existing or emerging medical or behavior issues we define the appropriate path forward for that individual animal . This allows us to be honest and transparent with potential adopters and go to the edges of our capabilities to save lives .
Fortunately for those animals who are less than perfect , there are droves of open-hearted families who either purposefully seek them out or are willing to take on their challenges .
This issue also provides us as a society with a broader opportunity for self-reflection and discovery about the reasons why dogs from certain places , or who look a certain way , are more or less desirable to us . Many of humanity 's troubles seem to come from biases and prejudices about one another -- that people of a certain body shape , or skin tone , or ancestry , or socioeconomic status are more or lesser in some way . I 'm not exactly breaking new ground here , but I am suggesting that our attitudes about what makes a dog more or less desirable may offer a useful and relevant insight , as individuals and as a society .
When an adopter returns an animal , we find that the cause often lies in the original motive for acquisition . Too many times , we 've seen an animal pay a price when their adopter was trying to meet an emotional need beyond the simple exchange of love and companionship . Ms. Auerbach stated that when they lost their dogs they `` wanted another one , with similarly clownish looks who attracted lots of attention when I walked him . '' If a prospective adopter came to us with this open assertion , this motive would cause us to give pause prior to an adoption .
While I am disappointed that the author 's personal experience has caused them to shift their values around animal rescue , I can not begrudge or judge their decision . In the end , no one has to justify their choice about where to acquire a pet to anyone other than themselves . And I truly wish them well in their emotional recovery from losing their companions .
I can not and will not , however , tolerate their reckless leap into what is essentially a life or death policy discussion . It is all too easy to write a personal essay and have it get picked up by news outlets across the nation looking for content -- but it is vital to think about consequences . In any effort to use personal experience to affect or influence the behavior of others , deliberation and disciplined thinking should be a baseline for participation .
I wonder if this particular author considered that they might , perhaps unintentionally , be sentencing animals to death with their piece , and I wonder if they can abide by that choice . Likewise , I challenge the publishers and headline writers to consider their roles as well .
My colleagues and I work carefully and diligently to overcome long-held stereotypes that something is wrong with shelter animals . Through our writings , our conversations in our communities , and the countless daily choices we make in how we describe and present our animals and our services , we strive to demonstrate that the vast majority of these animals are not less desirable . They are not lesser in any way -- they are simply unlucky .
For anyone who thought Indian banks ' appetite to finance big ticket infrastructure projects had dried up , the that the State Bank of India has extended a $ 1 billion lifeline to finance Gautam Adani 's beleaguered venture in might have come as a big surprise .
SBI 's decision , albeit subject to a 'detailed assessment of the company 's mine ' has raised several eyebrows , and not merely because of the array of problems the project poses with regards to environmental concerns , legality and fundamental viability .
Questions have been raised on social media also on whether Adani was able to clinch this loan merely as a result of their proximity to Prime Minister Narendra Modi , given serious doubts raised from several quarters about the prospects of this project .
Here are 5 reasons that make one question whether financing the development of Adani 's Carmichael mine is in SBI 's best interests -
1 . Project Viability - A slump in prices to five-year lows of $ 70 a tonne has put the commercial viability of the project into question . The US-based Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis estimated last year that the cost of production is likely to be above the global thermal price for the foreseeable future . Others , like the author of this column in the Sydney Morning Herald reckon that cash cost of production roughly equals revenue currently .
Project viability risks were also reflected in Australian firm Linc Energy 's decision to sell its rights to future royalties from Adani at a mere $ 155 mn when the net present value of the royalty stream has been estimated at A $ 600 million . `` This implied , Adani and Linc had put a 25 percent to 30 percent probability on the Carmichael project going ahead '' two analysts told Reuters .
2 . Stretched timelines , legal tussles & environmental battles have also put a question mark on whether Adani can stick to its revised 2017 timeline , despite receiving both federal and state approvals for its mine . IEEFA estimates full production will happen only by 2022 and has warned that the company could end up losing $ 1 billion annually if the port expansion does not proceed in accordance to the timelines the company has set out . `` I think Adani will move slower with Carmichael than they say ... There are many risks , '' an analyst with a broker in Mumbai was quoted by Reuters as saying .
One of which is legal . Despite Australia 's Queensland state granting all environmental clearances to the project , the company is still battling it out with green campaigners in courts , who are arguing that dredging activities by the company pose threats to the Great Barrier Reef . This makes ruling out future litigation risks difficult .
3 . Other banks are staying away from the project precisely because of such risks . Greenpeace had said in July that the Royal Bank of Scotland , Deutsche Bank and HSBC had distanced themselves from Adani 's venture citing potential environmental damages . ABC reports that Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and JP Morgan Chase , in a pre-emptive action taken last month , have joined the bandwagon , saying they rule out funding involvement in the project located in Central Queensland 's Galilee Basin . Ironically Morgan Stanley , which Adani had hired to sell a stake in Abbot Point Coal Port too has expressed concerns on the environmental impact of the project according to the Wall Street Journal .
All of this is making it difficult for Adani to secure much needed debt funding it will need for capital expenditure . The company is still negotiating with South Korean giant POSCO to secure funding , while the state government of Queensland , in what is a small spark of good news , has decided to commit short-term minority stakes in the rail and port infrastructure .
While the analysts are skeptical , the company is upbeat on raising funds in time . “ People have been very sceptical about the financing of this project . As we always said , we 'll keep getting this , one by one . The pieces are falling in place , ” Jeyakumar Janakaraj , chief executive officer of Adani Mining , told Reuters .
4 . Unenviable Finances and high debt could be other reasons why Adani is finding it tough to close the project financially . Despite a rally in its share price post the elections , Adani Enterprises , the recipient of the loan is suffering from high leverage and a poor interest coverage ratio as this Business Standard article pointed out earlier this year . At the end of the September 2014 quarter , had total debt of around Rs 72000 crore on a consolidated basis , translating into a debt to equity ratio of around 2.94:1 . Adani Mining , the Australian subsidiary of which is undertaking this project is itself a company 'with $ 1 billion in debt , negative shareholders funds , zero revenue and high cash burn ' the Sydney Morning Herald noted .
5 . Coal Self-Sufficiency - Last but not the least , & Coal Minister Piyush Goyal 's comments that India may be able to stop import of thermal coal in the next 3 years , though hyperbolic , seriously threaten to knock this project off balance . Adani is expected to export two thirds of the coal output from Carmichael to India and these assertions by the Union Minister along with bearish forecasts for a revival in coal prices which Tim Buckley of IEEFA described as a commodity in 'structural rather than cyclical decline ' do n't paint a pretty picture for what the future heralds for Adani 's adventure down under .
Iraq 's former army chief of staff Babakir Zebari . Photo : Rudaw video
ERBIL , Kurdistan Region—Iraq 's former army chief of staff Babakir Zebari says that a special American team tried to save thousands of Yezidi civilians from abduction and imminent massacre at a village near Shingal in the summer of 2014 but that they were stopped by members of the Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) present in the area at the time .
“ When Daesh ( ISIS ) invaded the Shingal area I went to the Americans and told them to do something about Kocho village because there were four thousand people there , ” Iraq 's then army chief of staff told Rudaw TV in an exclusive interview .
Zebari recalls the Americans telling them that they could force the ISIS militants to withdraw by bombing their positions which they failed to do because of PKK objection to their presence on Mount Shingal from where they planned to target ISIS .
“ The Americans said if they bombed ISIS positions they will be forced to withdraw and for that they went to the top of Mount Shingal , ” Zebari said .
“ But as the Americans got there and were heading to Kocho village the PKK came , planted their flag and threw rocks at them , ” Zebari , the veteran Kurdish army man in the Iraqi military said of the days the Americans responded to the ISIS invasion of Kurdish areas in August 2014 .
“ Later on the Americans came back to us and said , ‘ Why did n't you tell us there were terrorists and who threw rocks at us ? ' ” Zebari said .
Zebari added that the American team then left the spot and could n't save Kocho village .
The village had a population of 3,000 of mostly Yezidis and some Muslims of the Mantik tribe when ISIS attacked .
The radical group carried out one of its most brutal massacres here where at least 300 people are believed to have been killed and buried in mass graves .
A five-year-old patent brawl between Netflix and Rovi ( now TiVo ) has reached a turning point , with the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upholding a major lower-court victory by Netflix .
The litigation between the two companies began in 2011 , when Netflix sued to invalidate a batch of patents on Rovi 's digital entertainment guides , for which Rovi had demanded Netflix pay licensing fees .
The patents described ways of navigating TV and other video content online . Even after Netflix lawyers bested Rovi at the International Trade Commission and then pounded all five patents out of existence at district court last year , Rovi said it would push forward with an appeal .
Now it 's clear that Rovi 's strategy to patent digital TV guides has hit a wall . Just a few days after Rovi 's lawyers made their oral argument , a panel of judges at the Federal Circuit upheld ( PDF ) the lower court 's decision in its entirety without comment .
Rovi 's patents covered very basic ways of organizing video content , including one on using `` combination categories '' like `` sports dramas '' or `` romantic comedies . '' Another was on bookmarking shows across devices , which Rovi argued was a new idea when it filed its patent . `` A novel abstract idea is still an abstract idea , '' US District Judge Phyllis Hamilton informed the company in their opinion , which has now been upheld .
Rovi sued and settled with other companies over its patents , including Amazon , Hulu , Toshiba , Sharp , and China-based Haier .
In April , Rovi acquired TiVo , another company that has turned its patents into a revenue stream . It soon took on TiVo 's name . Executives of the merged company told investors they were going to focus more on licensing IP than building hardware . But even with TiVo 's big litigation wins , the company could n't ultimately stop itself from becoming an afterthought . The big bets that companies like TiVo and Rovi made on software patents are n't panning out , especially since the Supreme Court 's Alice decision has made it substantially easier to invalidate patents that describe basic business processes .
Neither TiVo nor Netflix immediately responded to requests for comment on the decision .
Medical Examiner Dr. Qin ( Photo : Weibo )
Because of the large fanbase of medical examiner shows in China , after almost 20 years since “ Untraceable Evidence ” debuted on Chinese TV in 1997 , the Asian giant now has its own homegrown medical examiner show .
It is “ Medical Examiner Dr. Qin ” which premiered over video streaming platform Sohu TV on Thursday , Oct. 20 . The series was adapted from “ The 11th Finger , ” written by Qin Ming , a real medical examiner who shifted to writing . They named the main character after himself .
Advertisement
Besides Dr. Qin , the two other major characters in the online drama are Da Bao , their assistant , and Lin Tao , a police officer , who as a team solve various bizarre cases , China Entertainment News reported .
According to Sunshowerfields , the story starts with Qin 's male assistant resigning from their job because they could not stand the eccentric tendencies of their boss . To fill in the vacancy , Li Da Bao is temporarily transferred to help the doctor and the police officer . Qin initially distrusted their new female assistant but changes their mind when they demonstrated their strong reasoning and observation skills , plus keen sense of smell .
Sohu TV representatives said two new episodes would be released every Thursday . It would try to be realistic , but the production team is also avoiding unnecessary gory scenes amid concerns by fans that the show could eventually be removed from Sohu because of the display of dead body parts and other graphic images such as corpses with peeled skins .
Chinese viewers were introduced to the medical examiner genre by Hong Kong TVB 's “ Untraceable Evidence ” in 1997 and 1999 . It was followed by the “ CSI ” series and “ Hannibal ” which helped establish a large audience for those kinds of shows .
Softpedia has been informed today , September 8 , 2016 , by Željko Popivoda from the Linux AIO team about the availability of an updated Linux AIO Ubuntu Live ISO image , based on Canonical 's recently released Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTS ( Xenial Xerus ) OS .
Yes , you 're reading it right , Linux AIO Ubuntu 16.04.1 Live ISO images are now available for download in 64-bit and 32-bit variants , based on the Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTS Live ISO images , which were officially released on July 21 , 2016 , and they include all the essential Ubuntu Linux flavors .
These include Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTS , Kubuntu 16.04.1 LTS , Ubuntu MATE 16.04.1 LTS , Xubuntu 16.04.1 LTS , Lubuntu 16.04.1 LTS , and Ubuntu GNOME 16.04.1 LTS . Linux AIO Ubuntu 16.04.1 Live ISOs also contain a memory test tool to verify the integrity of your computer 's RAM , as well as the handy Hardware Detection Tool ( HDT ) .
What can you do with Linux AIO Ubuntu 16.04.1 Live ?
We , here at Softpedia , believe that the Linux AIO project is unique and creates the perfect Live and bootable ISO images for people who want to have a single installation medium ( e.g . USB flash drive or CD/DVD disc ) that contains multiple if not all editions of a popular GNU/Linux operating system . The ISO contains only untouched versions of these OSes .
Therefore , the Linux AIO Ubuntu 16.04.1 Live ISO images are the perfect tool for those who want to have a single USB stick with the Ubuntu 16.04.1 LTS ( Xenial Xerus ) flavors mentioned above , which they can use to showcase the respective GNU/Linux distributions to their friends or family , as well as to more easily install one or more of them on new computers .
Linux AIO Ubuntu 16.04.1 is available for download right now via our website , but due to limitations of the SourceForge servers , which only support files of maximum 5GB in size , the ISO images are split into two 7z archives , so you 'll need to download both files and extract the first one to obtain a usable ISO .
I 've been playing at German longsword for nearly as long as I 've been playing at rapier . But only last night did I come to the realization that I , and everyone who taught me or trained with me , has been doing vom Tag wrong .
Look at Danzing , then look at everybody else .
Peter Von Danzig
Hans Talhoffer
Jakob Sutor
Joachim Meyer
Paulus Hector Mair
Solothurner
Conan the Barbarian
Ok , so there is one person besides Danzig uses vom Tag on the right .
Danzig and I Got It All Wrong
Until now I have n't properly considered using the center vom Tag . I even thought that is been an inferior position , used by people who did n't know what they were doing or were forced into it by circumstances .
Now I 'm pretty sure I 've got it all backwards . Experience tells me that I can defeat von Tag on the right in numerous ways with hardly any effort . It is just begging for a short edge to the left forearm ( not long edge , you want your right hand tucked safely under the handle ) or a Zwerch across the shoulder/throat . If I 'm fully awake I can easily deceive it by feinting said cuts .
Meanwhile my pell work has thus far led to stronger and more elegant cuts . I have no yet confirmed those cuts from center vom Tag will actually be effective in free sparing , but I 'm hopeful .
Or Maybe We Did n't
I was just about to post this piece when I was reintroduced to a few more images of vom Tag including one with matching text .
Paulus Kal
Pseudo-Danzig
Sigmund Schining ein Ringeck
The fourth guard . From the Roof .
Hold it like this : stand with the left foot forwards , and hold your sword at your right shoulder . Or hold it with outstretched arms above your head . And how you shall fence from these guards , you will find described in this book .
Conclusion
If you consult nine experts and seven of them say “ Do A ” and two say “ Do Y ” , logic dictates that you focus on A first . So while I wo n't gainsay anyone who uses the Ringeck/Danzing version , I 've only got so much room in my toolbox . So for now going to go replace vom Tag on the right with vom Tag in the center .
Advertisements
Modi government completes its third year in office +
India 's recent decision to skip the much-hyped ‘ Belt & Road Forum ' +
CPEC +
NEW DELHI : By doing foreign policy differently — as the— India has challenged conventional thinking even though the effects of these actions in the longer term still need to be assessed.Working backwards chronologically , ( BRF ) in Beijing , was contrary to India 's traditional reluctance to publicly confront China 's hegemonic ambitions.India clearly articulated objections to OBOR and ( China-Pakistan economic corridor ) on the basis of sovereignty . India laid out why it believed OBOR to be exploitative , colonial in its lack of transparency and the way it created unsustainable debt in “ partner ” countries and caused environmental damage.While some nations were gearing up to praise China 's massive utilisation of excess capacities , India 's reaction proved to be a dampener for the Chinese.For some in India , signing up for OBOR would have been less painful , and apparently pragmatic . The Modi government concluded its unusual reaction was in keeping with India 's traditional opposition to China-Pakistan activities in POK . And that going by Sri Lanka 's experience and perhaps even Pakistan 's , the openly mercantilist policies of China need to be publicly opposed.As it turned out , the EU too backed away from a trade statement using similar arguments . Political ties with China have gone steadily downhill in the past couple of years , though interestingly FDI from China has risen significantly in the Modi years.China has emerged as one of the fastest-growing sources of FDI into India — it was 17th largest in 2016 , up from the 28th in 2014 and 35th in 2011.Matters have not been helped by China stymying India 's bid for NSG membership and protecting Pakistan-based Jaish terrorist Masood Azhar from sanctions . Early this year , foreign secretary S Jaishankar promised China would get a lot more attention from India , in order to put the relationship back on the rails.The two countries continue working together on some areas , but the promise held out when Chinese President Xi Jinping and Modi swung gently on a Gujarati swing in 2014 , has dissipated.India has paid much greater attention to its near neighbourhood , sans Pakistan . Bangladesh has been the template for a new kind of engagement . While neighbours traditionally get a large chunk of Indian assistance , it was largely unstructured.India has now decided to focus on around 20 visible projects for Bangladesh , which will utilise the $ 4.5 billion in LOC assistance . India will follow a similar approach in Sri Lanka , which recently saw a second Modi visit . India has also worked hard to create a Saarc minus Pakistan , in order to beat its clasp on India 's neighborhood outreach.In 2016 , the BRICS summit saw the revival of BIMSTEC , while a sub-regional cooperation initiative , BBIN , is slowly coming together , creating transport and power networks in the east.Earlier this month , India launched the south Asia satellite that signalled cooperation without a direct quid pro quo . One of Modi 's signature initiatives has been westwards , in their new ‘ Link West ' policy , to mirror the ‘ Act East'.As Modi prepares to travel to Israel , their visit comes as virtually the last stop after unexpectedly intense engagement with the UAE , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Iran , in addition to Oman.Strong economic imperatives , infrastructure investment and India 's desire to play a greater security role over shared concerns over threats like the terror group IS drive India 's outreach . This is also intended to wean these nations away from Pakistan as India peddles a “ better narrative ” .The India-Pakistan relationship is in deep freeze , with little daylight visible . Again , Modi used surprise as a tactical weapon . After a series of terror attacks against Indian defence installations from across the border , India retaliated with surgical strikes on terror launch-pads in POK.The upfront announcement of the strikes highlighted a “ proactive ” stance on terror . To Pakistan , India signalled that the calculus of terror under a nuclear umbrella would not work . India made its response unpredictable and raised Pakistan 's costs.On August 15 , from the Red Fort ramparts , Modi uttered the forbidden “ B ” -word , speaking of the “ oppression ” of the people of Balochistan.Pakistan choked in anger and later arrested Kulbhushan Jadhav , a former Navy man , as an alleged spy . After a military court announced a death sentence on Jadhav , India adopted a creative and bold approach — upending decades of conventional wisdom yet again by going to the International Court of Justice and pulling off a vital win .
Contents show ]
Publisher 's Description Edit
Designed by Corellian Engineering Corporation to resemble a bird in flight , the “ hawk ” series excels in its role as personal transport . The HWK-290 Expansion Pack comes with one detailed miniature at 1/270 scale , a maneuver dial , all necessary tokens , six upgrades , and four pilots , including the renowned Kyle Katarn . Each HWK-290 provides a wide range of support options for your squad and can be outfitted with both a turret weapon and crew member .
This is not a complete game experience . A copy of the X-Wing Miniatures Game Core Set is required to play .
Included Components Edit
Ships Edit
HWK-290
Pilots Edit
Upgrades Edit
Tokens Edit
Critical Hit Token
Focus Tokens ( x6 )
ID Token # 29 ( 3 of each )
Ion Token
Shield Token
Stress Tokens ( x2 )
Target Lock Y/Z ( 2 of each )
Modifications and Titles
Ion Token
I 've been lax about posting lately . The two conferences in September and October have really knocked me off track . It 's not from lack of topics : here 's an article I 've been sitting on for two months . Back in September , Chandoo presented a difficult problem : Visualization Challenge – How to show market share changes ? Specifically , how to show the change in market share among five competitors , for two products .
Chandoo came up with a pair of stacked charts , with the stacked columns staggered laterally .
Perhaps the staggering and the connecting lines make it a bit easier to discern the edges of the different colored bars than in an unstaggered stacked column chart . But in general the charts have some deficiencies ( these are my versions of Chandoo 's charts , by the way ) . First , the stacking of bars make it more difficult to judge the magnitude of the segments between top and bottom , and having two charts forces the eye to move too much to see all the data . The legends take up a large amount of space , though of course duplicate legends are overkill .
Here is Chandoo 's sample data , if anyone wants to play along .
I approached this challenge by first investigating some different chart types . The stacked column chart is less cluttered looking than the staggered charts above , but they do n't really improve on the spatial difference between the two brands , and the large space needed by the legends ( we could delete one of the legends , of course ) .
How about a Clustered-Stacked Column Chart ? Below is the data arrangement and resulting chart . I 've colored the data range using the scheme that Excel uses to highlight data when a chart series is selected : the blue range contains Y values , the purple contains category labels , and green denotes series names . The two columns of category label data produces the two-layer labels ( see Chart with a Dual Category Axis ) . To preserve the lateral spacing , the purple cells with the hatching pattern contain spaces . The rest of the cells in this table are blank .
The separation of brands and the excess real estate required for the legend ( s ) are both improved , and it sure shows off a clever data arrangement . But the values and trends are no easier to compare than in the other chart types above .
Since we 're interested in trends , a line chart may help with comparisons . Labeling the series directly is less obtrusive than the legends , and more effective at identifying the data . The charts still look somewhat cluttered , and the slopes are all rather too shallow , flattening out the trends .
Perhaps clustering the data instead of stacking it can provide a better perspective ( see Stacked vs. Clustered ) . The trends are visible even though the charts have bars instead of lines . The legends are less obtrusive ; that 's not an intrinsic property of clustered charts , but rather a consequence of having fewer series . The separation of the two brands still makes comparisons difficult .
Maybe we can combine the good features of the line and clustered column charts . Enter the panel chart . The two charts below show the values and trends clearly , without a lot of clutter .
We still have the separation of the brands in the two panel charts above , but the openness of the panel chart allows us to display both brands in the same chart . This is pretty effective , perhaps the best of all the types I 've reviewed .
Does anyone have any better ideas ? Are there better approaches that I 've neglected ?
In the next few days , I plan to write a set of instructions for building this chart . In addition , I thought this data would be a good vehicle to show a little exercise in data exploration , using pivot tables and pivot charts . I 'll comment on this post when I 've added each of these pages , so if you subscribe below ( comments are always welcome , but not needed to subscribe ) you 'll receive a notification when I 've updated .
Update 16 November 2008
I 've written a couple of follow-up posts . In Explore Your Data With Pivot Tables I used this data to show how pivot tables can be used to investigate the data quickly and easily . Then in a second follow-up I showed How to Build a Simple Panel Chart .
Good intentions
Good intentions
WESTERN Isles was the last council to count its Euro ballots last week for religious reasons , but Unspun hears that 's not the only quirky aspect of democracy in the Outer Hebrides .
Apparently inspired by TV 's Chewin ' the Fat , one elector wrote `` w * * * , w * * * , good guy , w * * * '' next to the list of parties and candidates .
Although unconventional , the ballot paper was reportedly declared valid as the voter had `` expressed a clear preference '' .
The good guy , incidentally , was the SNP .
Gone with the wind
TORY environment spokesperson Sir Jamie McGrigor hid their wrath well at Holyrood , after Argyll & Bute Council refused planning permission for a huge windfarm on their Ardchonnel estate which could have bagged them £8m .
The morning after , upon spotting the journalist who had lovingly chronicled their misfortunes in the lobby coffee queue , Sir Jamie would have been entitled to a good grouse . Instead they pointed at the nervous scribbler and said : `` Oh , it 's you ! Can you lend me a fiver ? ''
It 's that Old Etonian charm , you know .
Spin op feels strain
IS the strain starting show in the Scottish Government 's normally slick spin operation ?
Thursday 's post-FMQs media briefing turned into a torture session for Alex Salmond 's official spokesperson , Stuart Nicolson , as the press demanded answers about the costs of setting up an independent Scotland .
Nicolson maintained the figure was unknowable pre-negotiations , but the £2.7bn Treasury estimate was 100 per cent `` bulls * * * '' . Imagine the language by September 18 .
General Petraeus to Submit Iraq Pullout Plan
Even as Barack Obama and other Democrats continue to campaign on President Bush and John McCain 's willingness to spend $ 10 billion a month in Iraq endlessly , plans are underway to bring the troops home . This total lack of respect for the current state in Iraq , this ignoring of what is currently going on even as you say the opposite during campaign stops is astoundingly arrogant and irresponsible .
First the United States and Iraq agreed on a “ time horizon ” for withdrawal and now General David Petraeus is finalizing their proposal which should include withdrawing troops from Iraq .
Democrats continue to ignore the facts on the ground as they continue to tow the party line on an issue they believe they can win politically before the United States wins militarily .
But it is n't surprising . Democrats have a long , long history of being on the wrong side of military conflicts and of ignoring the facts on the ground during wartime . The year was 1864 and the Republican president was up for re-election during a time of war . Two victories near the end of Summer by the North began a turning point in the war , the end looked to be in sight . The Republican party adopted President Lincoln 's emancipation proclamation and complete victory with no secession of the south as a plank in their party platform .
Democrats adopted a plank in the party platform that called for a “ cessation of hostilities , ” a surrender . They claimed the war was a failure . They ran as their candidate the first man who commanded the Army of the Potomac , George McClellan , ( who opposed this plank ) . Lincoln won in a landslide . They ignored facts on the ground that showed victory could be imminent and in fact the Civil War was over a few months later .
I am not comparing the Iraq war to the Civil war , I am comparing the mindset of the Democrat party then and now . I am talking about the ignoring of the facts that are right in front of them , if only they wanted to see them . This ignoring of the facts can be dangerous , what would the implications have been in 1864 if the Democrats had their way ?
Even as conditions on the ground in Iraq have improved to the point where withdrawal talks have been ongoing , the Democrat party remains blissfully silent . They continue to say that McCain and Bush want to carry on the war indefinitely even as plans are being made to slowly end the war . Democrats are holding onto this position to appease the far left in the party , facts be damned . The far left is n't interested in facts .
This is just plain irresponsible .
Advertisements
New government figures for the global climate show that 2010 was the wettest year in the historical record , and it tied 2005 as the hottest year since record-keeping began in 1880 .
The new figures confirm that 2010 will go down as one of the more remarkable years in the annals of climatology . It featured prodigious snowstorms that broke seasonal records in the United States and Europe ; a record-shattering summer heat wave that scorched Russia ; strong floods that drove people from their homes in places like Pakistan , Australia , California and Tennessee ; a severe die-off of coral reefs ; and a continuation in the global trend of a warming climate .
Two agencies , NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , reported Wednesday that the global average surface temperature for 2010 had tied the record set in 2005 . The analyses differ slightly ; in the NOAA version , the 2010 temperature was 1.12 degrees Fahrenheit above the average for the 20th century , which is 57 degrees .
It was the 34th year running that global temperatures have been above the 20th-century average ; the last below-average year was 1976 . The new figures show that 9 of the 10 warmest years on record have occurred since the beginning of 2001 .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The earth has been warming in fits and starts for decades , and a large majority of climatologists say that is because humans are releasing heat-trapping gases like carbon dioxide into the atmosphere . The carbon dioxide level has increased about 40 percent since the Industrial Revolution .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ The climate is continuing to show the influence of greenhouse gases , ” said David R. Easterling , a scientist at NOAA 's National Climatic Data Center in Asheville , N.C .
This article is over 3 years old
A year since the bank collapsed , Ricardo Salgado has been questioned by a state prosecutor amid suspicion of forgery , breach of trust and tax evasion
The former head of Portugal 's Banco Espirito Santo , Ricardo Salgado , was put under house arrest on Friday after being questioned by a magistrate over their role in the bank 's collapse , their lawyer said .
Francisco Proenca de Carvalho called the measure “ disproportionate ” in remarks to the press after the 12-hour questioning .
On Monday the former banker was questioned by the state prosecutor , who decided to send them for further questioning in front of an investigating magistrate .
The prosecutor referred in particular to suspicion of forgery , breach of trust , tax evasion and money laundering , in a statement released on Friday .
Portugal uses EU bailout cash to shore up troubled Banco Espírito Santo Read more
Once one of Portugal 's largest lenders , BES collapsed after reporting a record loss last year and its three holding companies declared themselves insolvent , facing allegations of accounting fraud .
The bank 's woes threatened to drag down Portugal 's economy , which had only gingerly emerged from a three-year bailout , prompting the government and the European Union to swiftly come to the rescue .
The assets of the ailing bank were transferred into Novo Banco as part of a €4.9 billion ( US $ 5.4 billion ) bailout of BES , including €3.9 billion from the government .
For a year numerous enquiries have been opened by the Portuguese authorities to determine who is responsible for the scandal .
Salgado was forced out as head of BES after 23 years in June 2014 amid allegations of accounting irregularities at one of the bank 's Luxembourg-based holding companies .
Banco Espirito Santo shareholders seek explanation Read more
At a parliamentary session in December , Salgado denied “ having given instructions ” to falsify the BES accounts .
But the Bank of Portugal has since started a series of proceedings against most BES executives , including its former chief , suspected of “ malicious acts ” and “ ruinous management ” .
The authorities have also seized property belonging to the Espirito Santo family , Portugal 's last banking dynasty , and its financiers .
The questioning of Salgado comes a year to the day after their arrest in connection with another financial matter , where they were indicted for money laundering before being released on bail of €3 million .
Image credit : Emirates 247
Looking to buy an Xbox One or PlayStation 4 ? Have more than $ 13,000 in your pockets ? If so , you 're in luck , as the `` world 's first gold gaming consoles '' have been announced by the United Arab Emirates retailer Jumbo Electronics . As reported by Emirates 247 , the consoles will be on display as the Games14 convention set to take place this weekend in the Middle East .
Image credit : Emirates 247
The special Xbox One and PS4 consoles feature `` rose gold '' cases that were created by Italian jeweller Gatti . You can buy one for 49,999 AED ( $ 13,700 ) . `` Available to both Xbox and PS4 fans , the high-end materials and exquisite detailing of the gold consoles make it a great collectible item for gamers who love luxury , '' Jumbo Electronics said in a statement .
Standard Xbox One and PS4 systems sell for $ 399 .
This is not the first time a gold-plated gaming console has appeared . Late last year , boutique retailer Harrods revealed a $ 10,000 golden Xbox One . In addition , you can also currently buy gold-plated smartphones .
Eddie Makuch is a news editor at GameSpot , and you can follow them on Twitter @ EddieMakuch
MMORPG : It 's been a while since we chatted , Mark . How 've things been going over at City State Entertainment since Oz launched ?
Mark Jacobs : Things are going great ; thanks for asking . March on Oz was released for the iPad in October and we 're in the middle of a major content and platform push ( iPhone , Kindle , Android and PC ) that we hope to have completed by spring . So , not so bad for a small studio 's first game , eh ?
advertisement advertisement
MMORPG : How have things in the mobile world been different from the bigger projects of MMO development ?
Mark Jacobs : Well , the scope is just a wee bit smaller than the MMORPGs we created at Mythic . MoO is certainly the most bug-free and stable game at launch that I 've ever been a part of in almost 30 years of professional game development . Working with the App Store is so much better than having to deal with all the different retailers and all their demands ; I do n't miss those days at all . It 's not perfect , but I 'd rather pay the fees to Apple and deal directly with them than go through what we had to with our MMOs .
MMORPG : What do you miss most from those days , working on DAoC and at Mythic in general ?
Mark Jacobs : In terms of Dark Age , I miss the Camelot lore and the world that we built around it . As far as Mythic goes , I certainly miss some of my friends from those days as well as interacting with so many of our players whether on the forums plus through my “ folks ” -style announcements , “ State of the Game ” and also the occasional “ mea culpa ” messages .
I 've always been a believer , going back to my MUD days , in talking directly to the players and hearing what they have to say about our games . I do n't miss being the focal point for the hate , but I considered that part of my job rather than ignoring the players or throwing someone else out there to take the heat and only come out to take the bows .
MMORPG : How were the challenges of working on a project of that scope different from what you 've been doing now ? What sorts of lessons have you learned since then ?
Mark Jacobs : I 've certainly learned to be a bit more realistic in terms of the initial vision for a game , and based on what we 've been getting in terms of feedback on MoO , I 've also definitely learned how to reach a wider demographic . Maybe it 's because my writing is so bad , but I 've been told that MoO is doing very well with children as well as adults . OTOH , I really , really want to get a good writer in here sometime soon because grammar is n't my strongest skill .
MMORPG : What would you have done differently with Dark Age of Camelot today , if you were able to go back in time ?
Mark Jacobs : I would have fought harder to increase the scope of Dark Age for one . I would have insisted on listening to the players more often and not going with other people 's instincts - and at times , my own . I would also have insisted on having certain tools built that we did n't have until Warhammer was well into development . They would have helped us avoid some bad balancing decisions .
I should have also focused more on DAoC instead of both Imperator and biz dev . If so , maybe some dumb things we did would n't have happened . But who knows ? I might have added my own dumb things instead . The problem was that once we sold a large piece of the company to the fine folks at Abandon Entertainment and TA Associates , I was being pulled in too many directions at once . I had to delegate more and more day-to-day design decisions while also focusing on maximizing Mythic 's value so all the investors and shareholders ( including the employees ) could get a good ROI .
I did that quite successfully , but it took quite a toll on me . And since I was the only major shareholder who did n't really want to sell Mythic ( and not because it was to EA ) and my co-founder was quite eager to sell the studio , well , that made it even harder on me . But by then , I was simply out-voted and I was n't going to go all scorched earth just because of what I wanted or did n't want . Unfortunately for me , the results were as I feared . However , as I said , I owed a duty to all the employees , shareholders and investors in Mythic to put my personal feelings aside and not storm off in a huff and kill the deal . So I did what I needed to do - as simple as that .
MMORPG : What do you think of the slew of new “ indie ” MMOs making their way towards release ? What kind of words of encouragement would you give them ?
Mark Jacobs : May the force be with you ? Seriously though , I 'm happy to see indie devs get a chance to recreate the success that Mythic had with Dark Age of Camelot . I 'd love to see another small , underfunded studio create a hit MMORPG just as we did with our game .
MMORPG : What about you ? Do you ever have the urge to delve back into MMORPGs ? The teasers CSE put out have us all wondering…
Mark Jacobs : When EA , Mythic and I parted company , I never wanted to work on another MMO . Frankly , it took at least 12 months even to decide I wanted to make games again since the previous four years and my exit/aftermath had been so brutal . However , as time passed , plus as I played various MMORPGs and saw that almost all the predictions I made while at EA turned out to be accurate , I started feeling more and more interested .
Now , after starting the new studio and getting to work with a talented , dedicated and really honest group of guys and gals , I really feel good again . Intrigued too because of what 's happening in the industry , like that whole Kickstarter thing…
Vivendi , which owns a controlling 61 % stake in Activision-Blizzard , is set to discuss forcing a $ 3 billion special dividend on the American video game publisher at its board meeting Monday .
Vivendi 's chairperson , Jean-René Fourtou , hopes to pay down the French company 's €13.19 billion ( $ 17.3 billion ) in debt in a larger bid to transform Vivendi into a slimmer , more attractive media company . Vivendi has several deals in the works in an attempt to trim assets and focus on media holdings such as Universal Music Group .
If Vivendi fails to pay down its debts prior to selling off major assets , the company could risk a credit downgrade .
On July 9th , five years after the merger of Activision and Vivendi 's Blizzard division , Vivendi gained the right to force Activision to pay a special dividend without permission from non-Vivendi directors on the Activision board .
Activision 's conservative management strategy -- -the publisher has largely avoided both free-to-play and mobile , focusing on a handful of strong titles with high growth potential -- -has helped the publisher weather a tumultuous video game industry in recent years .
Still , even with a cash stockpile of over $ 4 billion , the company would likely have to take on debt to pay the dividend .
`` We believe Activision 's management prefers to use cash to buy back stock but it may not have a choice , '' Sterne Agee Arvind Bhatia says . `` Activision had $ 4.3B in cash on its balance sheet , including $ 2.7B held overseas and $ 1.6B in the U.S . Since repatriating cash held overseas would trigger tax obligations , we believe ATVI will likely take on debt in the amount of at least $ 1.5B . ''
Of the $ 3 billion special dividend , $ 2 billion would go to Vivendi .
Though Activision CEO Bobby Kotick may hope to buyout Vivendi rather than see Activision 's cash drained , it seems more likely that Vivendi will use its controlling stake to help pay down its own debts before it even considers selling Activision . This may place the game publisher in a much more precarious position as we near the end of the current generation of video game consoles .
Matters are only made worse by dwindling World of Warcraft subscription numbers .
Still , Kotick has managed to avoid the major layoffs we 've seen from other game publishers like EA , and Activision-Blizzard has plenty of strong properties in its portfolio .
Even if the company does take on additional debt , they remain in a strong position as the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 era approaches .
Nonetheless , there 's something a bit galling about the Vivendi move . Activision 's success will come at a price : bailing out its parent company whose poor global strategy led to the massive debt in the first place .
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook . Read my Forbes blog here .
A verse of poem by the 13th-century Persian poet Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Balkhi , also known as Rumi , on the supermarket 's wall may shed some light on their novel idea which is construed as , “ No matter if you are the only one who wants peace and light in a world where everyone else is lost in the darkness of war . You are responsible to light your own candle . ”
It is not a supermarket you can see everywhere . It is different , of course in a good way . Green Market , as they call it , is quite similar to other supermarkets at first glance and should you not pay attention to the details , you may not tell the difference .
In their interview with Jamejam news website , as translated by IFP , Rahman Ekhtiari , the owner of the supermarket , gave thought-provoking answers as follows :
Q- How long have you been in this job ?
A- About 19 years .
Q- More than a month ago , the Environment and Sustainable Development Centre of Tehran Municipality praised you as an environmentalist on a day that marked the International Plastic Bag Free Day . Why did they pick you ?
A- Because I use cloth bags instead of plastic ones .
Q- How did you come up with that idea ?
A- Plastic bags are profusely used in markets and supermarkets . We all know that plastics can take quite long years to completely biodegrade , and resources are wasted in the process . They say the very same plastic bags that we simply hand over to the customers do not break down into the landfills as long as five generations . It is sad to say that these plastic bottles and bags are everywhere in the nature , inasmuch as you do n't feel like going out to the nature anymore .
Q- There 's no doubt that other people should have seen these ugly scenes in the nature as well or have heard about the harms these plastic items can bring to the nature . But they often say to themselves that it will make no good if only one person refrains from using plastic bags . Does that thing ever cross your mind ?
A- Of course not . I 've always tried to follow a verse from Rumi that says , “ No matter if you are the only one who wants peace and light in a world where everyone else is lost in the darkness of war . You are responsible to light your own candle . ”
Q- How many plastic bags did you use before you started this initiate ?
A- I used to finish 4 twenty-kilo packages , i.e . 80 kilograms of plastic bags every month .
Q- How many plastic bags are there in every kilogram ?
A- 260 .
Q- Correct me if I 'm wrong ; this means that every year you used to give out 249,600 plastic bags to the customers ?
A- Yes , pretty much .
Q- I assume that holds true for other supermarkets as well . Am I right ?
A- That number applies to the entire supermarkets in the city ; however , it may be a little different in less crowded areas of the city .
Q- How much did you pay for 80 kilos of plastic bags ?
A- Around $ 99 to $ 141 .
Q- How much do you spend on cloth bags ?
A- The cloth bags that I use here come in two sizes . The big ones are 50 * 35cm that cost me around $ 0.15 each , and the small ones are 25 * 30cm , for which I pay around $ 0.10 .
Q- Are they free ?
A- They are pretty much like plastic bags , so yes . I give them for free to encourage the customers to use them .
Q- But for a supermarket owner , it does not seem a provident decision ! Is it economical ?
A-You are right ; however I believe it will take no longer than a few months before you feel it is actually cost-effective . If the customers assimilate the culture and bring their cloth bags when they come here to buy groceries , the supermarket owner does not have to spend money on bags anymore .
Q- How have the customers reacted to your novel idea ?
A- Although it came as a surprise to most of them , they actually welcomed the idea since the beginning . Some of my customers thought they had to pay for the bags . The good news is that recently I 've heard they are using the same cloth bags to buy meat , bread , fruits or other stuff . I believe this will bring considerable environmental benefits for my country .
Q- Has anyone ever opposed you ?
A- Fortunately not at all . Some of my customers even give back the cloth bag when they are buying only one item like a bottle of milk .
Q- What are all these pro-environment poems and messages that you have stuck on the supermarket walls ?
A- I thought I 'd better give my reasons for what I 'm trying to do here through these poems and messages .
Active Members of “ No to Plastic Bags ” Campaign
In order to have an interview with the regular customers of Green Supermarket and to hear what they have to say , we hung out for a few minutes to see many men and women coming to Mr. Ekhtiari 's supermarket to buy groceries while holding the same cloth bags they had received on the first day .
Though unknowingly , they have become active members of a spontaneous grassroots campaign ; “ No to Plastic Bags ” .
Mrs. Eyvazi , a housewife : Around a month ago I came to this supermarket for the first time to buy dairy products . I received all my groceries in a cloth bag which I still have and take with me when I go shopping . Therefore , I tell the sellers that I do n't need a plastic bag ; I have my own cloth bag !
Mr. Farahani , a retired teacher : There were no plastic bags when I was a child . My father used to come home with groceries in a paper bag and my mother with a big basket . Unfortunately , these days we buy everything , from groceries to clothes , in plastic bags .
Tablecloth of Kindness !
You must have heard of the “ Wall of Kindness ” ; an initiative encouraging people to help those in need . Here in the Green Supermarket we are introduced to a new version of that ; the “ tablecloth of kindness ” .
“ One of my customers has actually put the idea in my head . They paid for such food items as water , milk , egg , bread , etc . that are routinely consumed by people , and laid the responsibility on me to give them out to the needy people , ” Ekhtiari said .
They stressed that the initiative gradually became widespread and people widely welcomed that . We bought a whiteboard to write the names of the goods that were paid for by people .
To understand meditation in a nutshell , go get a camera and take two pictures of the same thing .
For the first , hold your camera as still as possible , and take a picture .
For the second , shake your camera back and forth as fast as you can while you snap the photo .
The difference between the clarity in the two pictures is the difference in the clarity of a life with and without meditation .
If you 've ever dreamt of becoming superhuman as a child , practicing meditation is probably the closest thing possible to experiencing it as an adult . Developing a regular practice leads to the creation of a virtual bulletproof vest for our physical , mental , emotional , and spiritual health .
Meditation means different things to different people . There are dozens of types , styles , and schools of thought surrounding it ; including Samadhi , Vipassana , and Zazen . My intention for this post is not to compare the pros and cons of the different practices . What I 'd like to do is give you a glimpse into what benefits can arise as a result of any method you choose .
One of the most important functions that has evolved for human survival is the ability to adapt and adjust to our surroundings . The brain and body are dealing with an unbelievable amount of stimuli in every single moment of life , and focusing on all of them at once would be impossible . So , the mind tends to shift as many familiarities as possible to the proverbial unconscious back burner . For example , you probably were n't paying attention to the feel of your shirt on your torso until you read this sentence . Now that I 've mentioned it , I 've brought it back into your conscious thoughts , and you do notice it . Somewhere in the next few paragraphs , your mind will place it on the back burner again to be able to focus on understanding this article . Pretty fascinating , no ?
Our minds do this to us constantly . We forget about the things and patterns that seem to be the most consistent , in order to focus on something new and unknown . Have you ever been extremely excited by the purchase of a brand-new car , only to lose all appreciation for it several days or weeks later ? This is the mind at play . This is also one of the many reasons why I do n't ever plan to buy an expensive car . It 's basic human psychology .
No matter what conditions we are thrown into , they eventually become commonplace with time . Our minds have the tendency to take the good things for granted , and focus solely on what we do n't have . To make things even worse , we eventually get used to all of the things we try to use to fill the void . This causes us to desire an even stronger dose . Left unattended , the mind can become a built-in misery creation device ; or our own worst enemy . The good news : it can be befriended and tamed with the right amount of discipline .
For the purpose of simplification , I will describe a very basic type of meditation .
Sitting in a comfortable position , breathe in until your stomach and lungs are so far out that you do n't think any more air can fit inside your body .
Then breathe in a little more .
Hold this in for a few moments . Exhale slowly .
Enjoy a brief pause before inhaling again .
Close your eyes , and repeat this process again 5-10+ times . Do n't worry about keeping count , the number of breaths is unimportant . This will only serve to distract you from the true purpose of the meditation . Focus only on the breath , as if it were the only thing that existed in the universe .
Go ahead and do it now .
Stop reading and do it ! No Cheating ! : )
How do you feel now ?
Research has shown that deep breathing practices have tremendous benefits for stress reduction , self esteem , and overall health . It increases concentration and memory . If you are a public speaker , you will be more natural and calm in front of crowds . If you play basketball , your shooting percentage will go up . If you write or invent things , meditation is like steroids . It 's almost an unfair advantage .
This is just the beginning .
When meditating for longer periods of time ( say 30-120+ minutes ) , that 's when truly amazing things begin to happen . In the deep silence , time slows to a halt . It can be seen for what it really is : a human-made invention that we all agree to use to simplify things , but something that does n't truly exist in nature . We begin to realize that our constant obedience to the concept of “ time ” has caused us to rush around through life , without ever taking breaks to be introspective . We end up overlooking important insights like these all of the time . Wisdom arises so much more easily ; solutions to recurring problems become so clear that we wonder how we had never seen them before .
Without the constant judgment and influence of those outside , we are able to reconnect with our very own deepest truths . We remember what it should feel like deep down to live the way we were meant to live , to treat others the way they were meant to be treated . We look ourselves directly in the mirror , see where we are lying to ourselves , and rediscover what we know is right . We regain access to the inner compass that we have been too busy to look at , causing us to veer way off course . We reflect on the decisions and actions we 've made . We become happy about the ways we 've grown , and remorseful about the times we 've stooped below the level of human decency and empathy we know we should be living with every day .
We unlock the capacity for healing deep scars , and moving forward with life . We experience compassion for others like we 've never been able to before . A group of loud kids transforms from “ a headache ” into a group of young human beings playing and creating newfound joy together . A barking dog changes from being a nuisance to a great friend who wants someone to pet her , feed her , or take them for a walk . A homeless person on the street is no longer a worthless beggar , but a person who has faced extreme hardship , and needs care and guidance to find their way back to where they belong . A person ceases to work with the intent of extracting money from people , but instead to gain the satisfaction of knowing that the results of their creative process are truly bringing joy to others ' lives and reconnecting us with our lost humanity .
Meditation creates a greater capacity for empathy . It allows one to become a better friend , a better relationship partner , and a better person overall . It gives a person a silent radiance that draws others in ; because we can all sense when someone is connected to something greater than themselves , and know that we could be doing the same .
If you enjoyed this article , imagine what would happen if someone were to extend it to 200+ pages , then make it slightly more awesome . This new book represents over six years ' worth of my life experiences , insights , and ideas on creating a better way of living for all of us :
It 's All My Fault : How I Messed Up the World , and Why I Need Your Help to Fix It
More Articles :
Seven Steps to Figure Out What to Do with Your Life
Treat Others The Way You Want To Be Treated
11 TED Talks That Will Change Your Life
It 's Already Yours
Rise Above External Negativity
[ See All ]
Twitter has been flooded with controversy for the last week about the RadFem2012 conference , currently booked into the Conway Hall , which announced its membership as restricted to `` women born women and living as women '' ( it originally said `` biological women '' , but that got changed after much mockery ) . This disturbed the trans community , which it is meant to exclude , but also those feminists who regard trans-exclusion as something other than radical .
To be clear , I know no trans women , still less trans men , who want to spend time in a space organized by people who slander us . However , one of the main speakers at the conference is Sheila Jeffreys , who has a forthcoming book critiquing trans medical care . In much of their earlier writing ( see , for example , page 71 of this journal ) , they call for `` transsexualism '' to be declared a human rights violation and then surgery banned by international law , so it 's fairly clear that we have an interest in the debate . What Jeffreys proposes has , of course , other implications for all women – the Vatican would love to make similar declarations about reproductive freedom .
There is also , more importantly , the question of whether what Jeffreys and their supporters say about trans people constitutes hate speech . As of two days ago , the Conway Hall expressed their concerns about the legality of trans exclusion , and about hate speech , to the conference organisers .
One of the problems with the Internet is that it is possible for people to lock themselves further and further into a restricted mind set where they hear no other voices . On the other hand , it makes it possible for those with a strong stomach to overturn every stone and find out just what people are saying and thinking . It 's clear that Jeffreys and their supporters are very hurt and disappointed that so many younger women do n't agree with them – Jeffreys blames the corrupting influence of post-modernism and queer theory ; `` trans-critical '' lawyer Cath Brennan - who uses Twitter to deride trans people 's experiences and mock non-trans feminists who are their allies - is also a RadFem2012 attendee .
Of course , the trans issue is only one aspect of the conference . Its mission statement makes it clear that this is a `` female-only , activism-focused conference with a radical feminist agenda '' . Space will not be given to anti-feminist sentiments , which is arguably another way of saying that , on most crucial issues , the party line is predetermined and that any dissent from correct `` radical feminist '' thinking will be stigmatised and driven out . Jeffreys makes it clear in many of their writings that post-modernism and queer theory are the enemy , and that piercing , tattooing , BDSM and role play are all pollutions of a feminism that is nothing to do with choice or preference , everything to do with commitment . Indeed , the Radical Feminist Hub , to which they contribute regularly , links to resources arguing that what it calls `` penis-in-vagina '' sex is a bad idea , from which women should choose to refrain .
There are many debates within feminism , and the women 's movement ought not to be a monolith of orthodoxy . There are , for example , legitimate arguments on both sides of discussion of sex work – whether the stress should be placed on prohibition or harm reduction , say . But such a debate will not be allowed at RadFem2012 . I hate to say this of other feminists , but aspects of their feminism – the anti-intellectualism , emphasis on innate knowledge , fetishisation of tiny ideological differences , heresy hunting , conspiracy theories , rhetorical use of images of disgust , talk of stabs in the back and romantic apocalypticism – smack less of feminism than of a cult .
• Follow Comment is Free on Twitter @ commentisfree
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER -- The 4/20 celebration is Thursday and law enforcement is bracing for the statewide event .
The Colorado State Patrol said marijuana use and people who drive while high are down considerably . But there is still great concern about marijuana users who smoke and get behind the wheel .
In the first three months this year , 155 people were cited for marijuana use-only impairment , compared to 232 for the same period last year , a 33 percent drop .
The number of combined citations also dropped , with 50 tickets handed out for people high and drunk for the first three months of the year compared to 69 in the same period last year .
But the Colorado Department of Transportation said its survey found 55 percent of marijuana users said they believed it was safe to drive while under the influence of pot .
Cow dung may be an essential part of daily village life where it is used as fuel , flooring and also wall insulation against the heat . Now , however , these dung cakes are becoming hot selling products in the digital space as well .
Popular e-market spaces like Amazon , eBay and ShopClues have seen an increase in the sale of packaged sun-dried cow dung cakes , which are made with the addition of hay . `` Cow dung cakes have been listed by multiple sellers on our platform since October and we have received several customer orders , '' said Madhavi Kochar , an Amazon India spokesperson .
Maybe not for home cooling or basic stove use , but many urban folk are picking up packets of this cowplop for use in Hindu rituals .
Radhika Agarwal of ShopClues said demand for cow dung cakes peaked during the Diwali festival season , a time when Hindus conduct prayer ceremonies at their homes , factories and offices . `` Around Diwali , when people do a lot of pujas in their homes and workplaces , there is a lot of demand for cow dung cakes , '' said Agarwal , referring to rituals performed during the festival .
`` Increasingly , in the cold weather , people are keeping themselves warm by lighting fires at outdoor events , '' they said , adding that people who grew up in rural areas find the peaty smell of dung fires pleasant . `` It reminds them of the old days , '' they added .
In some cases buyers have also asked for the cakes to be gift-wrapped — making for unique presents .
The cow dung cakes are sold in packs of two to eight pieces weighing 200 grams ( 7 ounces ) each . Prices range from Rs 100 to 400 ( $ 1.50 , £1.01 to $ 6 , £4.06 ) per package . A number of online sellers explain the traditional use of the product alongside a basic description of colour , weight and quantity . `` Cow dung cakes have been used in traditional Indian households for ceremonies , rituals , etc . It is used to purify air as it is said to release oxygen when burnt with ghee , '' says one product description .
Some dung sellers are promoting the cakes as organic manure and marketing them for use in kitchen gardens .
Aside from dung cakes , sellers also offer a variety of products made from distilled cow urine which is known for its health properties . One can purchase a bottle of cow urine syrup and powder capsules along with a range of beauty products like soaps and shampoos .
Gov . Sam Brownback on Thursday signed into law the state 's new school funding formula , which increases aid to schools by $ 284 million within two years .
In signing Senate Bill 19 into law , Brownback said it directs “ more dollars into the classroom by limiting bond and interest aid , encouraging responsible financial flight attendantship at the local level . ”
The fate of the new K-12 formula is now in the hands of the Kansas Supreme Court . The justices found the state 's current funding system unconstitutional in the ongoing Gannon v. Kansas school finance lawsuit , in which dozens of school districts are suing the state over funding levels .
John Robb , an attorney for the districts , said they expect the court will move quickly to hear oral arguments . They predicted the court could handle the matter in a matter of weeks .
Concealed carry exemptions
Brownback 's other actions Thursday on bills from the Legislature were a mixed bag for the mental health community , as they allowed public health facilities to continue to ban guns but denied some programs additional funds from the state lottery .
The governor allowed the concealed carry bill to become law without their signature . House Bill 2278 exempts publicly owned mental health centers , medical clinics and hospitals — including the University of Kansas Health System — from the state 's concealed carry law .
Existing law would have required publicly owned buildings to add metal detectors and armed guards or allow employees and visitors to bring in guns starting July 1 . State officials estimated it would have cost $ 12 million annually to add metal detectors and guards at the four state hospitals , and KU Health System estimated it would spend more than $ 1 million each year to comply .
Brownback said they are n't pleased with the bill but would allow it to become law because it exempted state psychiatric hospitals , a provision that they said has bipartisan support .
“ This bill as passed allows for a restriction on the Second Amendment rights of Kansans without ensuring adequate safety measures are taken to protect those who visit or work in our public hospitals , ” Brownback said in a written message to the Legislature . “ Kansans should not be forced to subject themselves to greater risk while giving up their right to protect themselves . ”
Some Republicans , including Senate Majority Leader Jim Denning , said they thought it was n't plausible to install security in medical facilities , and that KU Health System would be at a competitive disadvantage compared to privately owned hospitals .
Dave Elsbury is the CEO of Kanza Mental Health and Guidance Center in Hiawatha . They said the concealed carry law would n't have affected the center 's operations , because most of its facilities are in privately owned buildings , but they are relieved the state psychiatric hospitals wo n't have to allow guns .
Allowing guns in psychiatric hospitals would be dangerous , Elsbury said , and the hospitals ca n't afford to spend millions on security . They already face difficulties with paying enough to retain capable staff , they said .
“ My concern was if that money was spent , it would take away from direct patient care , ” they said .
No lottery vending machines
Brownback vetoed another mental health-related bill , House Bill 2313 , that would have allowed lottery ticket vending machines , with the proceeds split between mental health crisis centers and clubhouses .
Kansas has three crisis centers , in Kansas City , Wichita and Topeka . They treat patients with mental health or substance abuse disorders for up to three days , with the goal of stabilizing them and connecting them to longer-term treatment . Clubhouses assist people with mental illnesses in developing work and relationship skills .
In a statement announcing their veto , Brownback did n't address the mental health provisions of the bill but focused on the disproportionate impact of the lottery on low-income people .
“ Rather than investing limited resources in games of chance , our goal is to help low-income Kansans find a path to self-reliance and independence through education , work and savings , ” their veto message said . “ The state should not encourage behavior that undermines our efforts to encourage upward economic mobility and long-term financial security and thrift . ”
Last year , the lottery contributed $ 42.4 million to state economic development programs and $ 28.2 million to the state general fund .
The bill passed with veto-proof majorities in both houses , but it is n't clear if legislative leadership will attempt an override when lawmakers return for sine die on June 26 .
Other bills
On Thursday the governor also signed into law :
House Bill 2079 , which increases the privilege fee that health insurance companies pay on certain types of plans . The fee funds will help replace the 4 percent cuts to Medicaid providers that Brownback made in 2016 , with extra funds going to community mental health centers and the newborn screening program .
House Bill 2230 , which tweaks penalties for selling cigarettes without paying required taxes . State officials said failure to pass the bill could have jeopardized Kansas ' share of the tobacco master settlement , which pays for children 's programs .
Meg Wingerter and Celia Llopis-Jepsen are reporters for the Kansas News Service , a collaboration of KCUR , Kansas Public Radio and KMUW covering health , education and politics . Kansas News Service stories and photos may be republished at no cost with proper attribution and a link back to kcur.org .
Researchers have discovered that infants respond to the rhythm and tempo of music and find it more engaging than speech .
The findings , based on the study of infants aged between five months and two years old , suggest that babies may be born with a predisposition to move rhythmically in response to music .
The research was conducted by Dr Marcel Zentner , from the University of York 's Department of Psychology , and Dr Tuomas Eerola , from the Finnish Centre of Excellence in Interdisciplinary Music Research at the University of Jyvaskyla .
Dr Zentner said : `` Our research suggests that it is the beat rather than other features of the music , such as the melody , that produces the response in infants .
`` We also found that the better the children were able to synchronize their movements with the music the more they smiled .
`` It remains to be understood why humans have developed this particular predisposition . One possibility is that it was a target of natural selection for music or that it has evolved for some other function that just happens to be relevant for music processing . ''
Infants listened to a variety of audio stimuli including classical music , rhythmic beats and speech . Their spontaneous movements were recorded by video and 3D motion-capture technology and compared across the different stimuli .
Professional ballet dancers were also used to analyse the extent to which the babies matched their movement to the music .
The findings are published March 15 in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Online Early Edition .
The research was part-funded by a grant from the Swiss National Science Foundation .
Image caption There have been 11 nuclear reactors shut down , including at Fukushima
Japan 's Prime Minister Naoto Kan has warned that the shutdown of several nuclear reactors is likely to lead to a shortfall in electricity supply .
About a third of Japan 's energy is from nuclear power , and with a big proportion of capacity hit by Friday 's quake it will make outages necessary .
The east of the country is likely to face substantial shortages , Industry Minister Banri Kaieda also said .
There are fears of further explosions at the Fukushima nuclear power station .
'Stoppages '
Mr Kan said electricity supplies were limited to people in the north-east areas worst hit by Friday 's earthquake and tsunami .
They asked industry to cut down on its energy usage and for people to be patient as it could take days for supplies to be restored .
`` We are trying to secure some support electricity from other facilities and we have asked industry to cut down on their electricity usage , '' Mr Kan said .
`` However we do not have any prospect of restoring the electricity supply within the next few days .
`` Therefore there is a good possibility that we will remain with a lack of electricity and there is also a possibility of large scale electricity stoppage and this kind of large scale stoppages will affect people 's lives and also industrial activities . ''
On Saturday a huge explosion rocked one of its six reactor units , reactor number 1 , and seawater was used to cool it down , meaning the reactor is unlikely to be used again .
Technicians are now battling to cool reactor 3 .
In total , 11 of the 50 nuclear reactors in Japan , those located in the worst affected areas , were shut down following the earthquake .
Estimates put the reduction in output at Japan 's nuclear power generators at anything from 25 % to 50 % .
'Challenging situation '
Seven boiling water reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant and the neighbouring Fukushima Daini plant , both operated by Tokyo Electric Power ( Tepco ) , shut down on Friday .
We are taking all measures to restore power , however , we expect [ an ] extremely challenging situation in power supply for a while Tepco energy utility
Hokuriku Electric said on Friday all three reactors at its Onagawa nuclear plant on the north-east coast shut down automatically after the quake .
Meanwhile , Japan Atomic Power shut down the 1,100-megawatt Tokai Daini nuclear plant on the north-east coast , the closest to Tokyo .
The north-eastern region of the country is covered by Tepco , Asia 's biggest utility firm , and Tohoku Electric Power .
`` We are taking all measures to restore power , however , we expect [ an ] extremely challenging situation in power supply for a while , '' a Tepco statement said .
`` We kindly ask our customers to co-operate with us in reducing usage of power . ''
Tepco 's service region will be divided into five areas and each will have rolling blackouts for three hours a day by rotation , the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy said .
These blackouts are expected to continue for several weeks , agency boss Tetsuhiro Hosono said .
Meanwhile , Tohoku Electric Power covers the northern region of Japan and it said its power shortage would depend on how quickly the region and its industries can be rebuilt .
Ageing reactors
The Japanese nuclear industry accounts for slightly less than a third of Japan 's power needs .
However Japan had planned large increases in nuclear capacity in the coming decade , and those plans may now need to be reconsidered .
The majority of the reactors at Fukushima date back to the 1970s .
`` Everything has now become a lot more serious following the explosion at Fukushima , '' said Tony Regan , analyst at Tri-Zen Capital in Singapore .
`` I expect far more to be shut down , particularly those of similar age and specification .
`` It will then be very difficult to bring them back online even after repairs-upgrading . ''
Replacement power sources
It is not the first time Japanese nuclear stations have been hit by earthquake damage , and questions are being asked whether it is wise to build nuclear stations along the east coast , with a seismically-active zone just offshore .
Tepco will now be forced to buy power from other utilities .
It will also need to obtain a liquefied natural gas and fuel oil to power energy plants , as it did in 2007 when the 8,000 MW Kashiwazaki-Kariwa nuclear plant was shut for two years in the wake of an earthquake .
`` Given its flexibility , an oil fired power plant is the most suitable in replacing the shortfall of electricity generation , which means heavy crude will see an increase in use in the near term , '' said Tomomichi Akuta , senior economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Research and Consulting in Tokyo .
Eric Justen , an Emmy-nominated re-recording mixer whose credits include Elementary , Numbers and all five seasons of Breaking Bad , has died . They were in their early 40s . A colleague told Deadline that Justen died last week of a heart attack .
Born in Woodstock , IL , in 1974 , they moved to Los Angeles and started their career mixing indie features in the late 1990s . Justen worked mostly in films into the late-2000s , with credits including The Fast and the Furious and The Wackness , before segueing to TV . Starting in 2008 , they worked on such series as Psych , Numbers , The Good Wife , Human Target , Unforgettable , The Mysteries of Laura and Pretty Little Liars .
Justen worked on the 2008 pilot for AMC 's Emmy-laden drama Breaking Bad and stayed with the show through its entire run . Along with frequent collaborator Jeffrey Perkins and Darryl L. Frank , they shared three consecutive Emmy nominations for Outstanding Sound Mixing for the show 's final three seasons . They and others also earned Cinema Audio Society Award noms for those same seasons of the show , and Justen was part of the Breaking Bad team that won the 2014 Motion Picture Sound Editors Award for Best Sound Editing – Short Form Sound Effects and Foley in Television .
Justen recently had been working on Queen Sugar , the upcoming OWN drama from Ava DuVernay and Oprah Winfrey . DuVernay tweeted this about him :
Celebrating the life of Eric Justen . QUEEN SUGAR Emmy nominated sound mixer . A sweet man . May God bless their journey . pic.twitter.com/O0XfEHZwJX — Ava DuVernay ( @ AVAETC ) August 13 , 2016
Here is a video tribute to Justen posted by Actors of Sound :
Deep Silver and Piranha Bytes have announced Risen 3 : Titan Lords today , and released a very short teaser trailer for the game . Risen 3 : Titan Lords will be a sequel to Risen 2 : Dark Waters , and sees a world that “ is abandoned by all gods and suffers from the Titan Wars when a new threat rises from the soil. ” Players will take the role of a young warrior who is attacked from the shadows , and deprived of their soul . You will set out on your quest to retrieve your soul , and will work with various guilds and groups to retrieve it .
Bjoern Pankratz , Project Lead at Piranha Bytes , wrote the following about the game on it 's information page “ Like a carpenter with a hand-crafted piece of furniture , we put together the story , the characters and the landscape until it all fits and the player has the possibility to discover things all around the place . You can try out and find things that others might not . Exploration is the key to our game . ”
Surprisingly , Risen 3 will not be coming to next-gen for it 's August release . It is only releasing on Xbox 360 , PS3 , and PC . I 'm sure we 'll be learning plenty about this game as the days go on , especially with E3 just two months away . If you want to get in on the Risen franchise now the first game and it 's pirate sequel are $ 9.99 and $ 19.99 on Steam respectively .
by , Bobby Marquardt
Advertisements
Parents of young children — or even just Disney-loving adults — are likely no stranger to the blockbuster movie `` Frozen , '' which documents a young princess ' quest to find their sister and features the hit song `` Let it Go . ''
South Jersey Frozen fans will now get the chance to see Olaf and Elsa on the big screen once again , as the movie will kick off Washington Lake Park 's annual summer movie series .
Starting at dusk/dark on Saturday June 7 , `` Frozen '' will play at the park 's amphitheater , located at 626 Hurffville-Cross Keys Road . Entrance is free of charge .
Officials recommend bringing your own blanket , chair and bug spray . Refreshments will be available to purchase .
The first concert at the park will be held on Sunday , June 8 at 7 p.m. , also at the amphitheater .
The events are part of Washington Township and Gloucester County 's Board of Chosen Freeholders summer event series . For a full list of the movies and concerts or more information , visit townshipnj.com or call Lisa Collins at 856-256-7903 .
Contact the South Jersey Times at 856-845-3300 or at news @ southjerseymedia.com . Find us on Facebook at Facebook.com/SouthJerseyTimes or follow us on Twitter @ theSJTimes
5.3k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
In the early morning hours of March 14 , 2011 a teenaged girl named Derrinesha Clay decided , for reasons we may never know , to wander through a window into Lansing Bank of America in Lansing , Michigan . When local police arrived to investigate the scene , they found them hiding in a janitor 's closet . And then , for reasons we may also never fully understand , Officer Brian Rendon shot their twice , killing them
Recently U.S. District Court Judge Robert Holmes Bell delivered a written opinion allowing a case brought by the girl 's family to go to trial . The original complaint listed both Officer Rendon and the Lansing Police as defendents , but Judge Bell 's ruling is that only the officer who fired the shots will go to trial . That trial was initially set to begin March 9 , but an appeal from Rendon 's attorneys has stayed the proceedings .
When officers found Derrinesha hiding in the closet they were clutching a pair of scissors they had picked up in the bank 's offices and shakily repeating that they were sorry . Although officers were able to peacefully get the scissors from her , they claim that they then pulled a knife from their coat . Still on their knees , the officers claim they began slashing out wildly with the knife , which prompted Rendon to fire a shot into their abdomen .
While it still seems entirely unnecessary for a grown man with training and experience to have resolved this conflict with a gunshot , things got worse . According to Rendon , the girl then lunged at them with the knife , at which time they fired a second fatal shot into their head . However , the testimony of the other officers does not bear this out . Of the other two officers , one 's testimony claimed that after the first shot they ‘ tensed up ' and ‘ fell backwards ' ; while the other stated in their report that they then ‘ slouched over ' .
It is because of these discrepancies and the quite obvious observation that , after a shot to the abdomen , a teenaged girl on their knees was unlikely a great enough threat , at that point , to require the second shot , that Judge Bell has ruled that the lawsuit can go to trial . They stated that the evidence could “ allow a reasonable jury to conclude that… Rendon 's shot to Ms. Clay 's head was unreasonable because they were on their knees , they had already been shot in the stomach , and they were no longer resisting . ”
Derrinesha Clay is being called a ‘ troubled teen ' who may have displayed early indications of a bipolar disorder . Although they tested positive for marijuana , there was no evidence of other drug usage found during an autopsy . Whether or not this young lady was troubled will undoubtedly be used by defense attorneys to paint a dangerous picture of them as a way of justifying this homocide . Regardless of their character , community members have rallied together with their family in defense . A group of black pastors teamed up with NAACP officials to publicly question the police narrative and stared grassroots campaigns to bring those questions out into the community .
“ There 's been little , if any , justice at all for these folk who are getting killed. ” says Detroit-based attorney , Herbert Sanders , who is representing Clay 's mother on their behalf . “ I 'd like the community to know there 's hope . ”
Meanwhile , Lansing Police Chief says “ This incident was an unfortunate tragedy for everyone involved. ” They then goes on to disagree with the judges ruling , claiming that Officer Brendon 's justification in the shooting has already been determined justified by an external MSP investigation and also by Ingham County Prosecutor Stuart Dunnings III .
Ron Bretz , a retired Cooley Law School professor thinks Judge Bell 's opinion may carry another underlying message . “ What judges often will do is write fairly strong worded opinions , hoping to prod a settlement. ” says Bretz .
Given all of the police abuse which has begun coming to national attention , it is likely that the system will begin using this method far more often . Not only are settlements usually much faster , but in doing so they often prevent the crimes of the system from coming to public notice . Derrinesha 's story was unfamiliar to me until recent court proceedings cast light onto the incident . While settlements can often help families and communities to begin healing more quickly , they can also prevent these incidences from gaining enough publicity to inform the public .
Whether or not the young lady had a knife seems completely irrelevant . If you can not subdue a teenaged girl with a kitchen knife who is on their knees , you have no business behind a badge . That statement is about ten times more true after Officer Rendon had already fired the first shot into their abdomen , a point at which , they may still have lived . To cops like Rendon , Derrinesha was just another young black suspect , but to their friends and family they were a beloved human being , and to the rest of us they are a startling reminder of how little our lives mean to cops like Rendon who are becoming all too common .
Share their story to bring awareness , in order that it may help Derrinesha 's family seek justice for their unconscionable murder at the hands of a badge wielding thug , and to help prevent more of this insane police violence and abuse .
5.3k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
3600 Grams Natural Emerald Cluster Specimen @ Swat , Pakistan
$ 9999.0
Hanna Barbera Swat Kats Production Background Mega Kat Skyline
$ 3550.0
Hanna Barbera Swat Kats Production Background Mega Kat Harbor
$ 3350.0
141-cts-emerald-aaa-grade-beautiful-natural-jemmy-quality-crystals-lot-from-swat
$ 2500.0
173 Ct. Full D/t Transparent Top Green Emerald Crystals Cluster , matrix @ Swat Pk
$ 1999.99
Sergio Agüero may be the expert finisher and David Silva the artist supreme but who can doubt which Manchester City forward is proving to be the club 's real value-for-money signing . Step forward Mario Balotelli , the dart-throwing , grass-hating , cash-hoarding maverick who has become the face of fireworks safeties days after 'friends ' let some off in their house , setting it ablaze . You could not make it up .
The player has been in the headlines since joining City in August last year and was described as `` crazy '' by their manager , Roberto Mancini , after revealing a 'Why Always Me ? ' T-shirt having scored the opening goal of City 's 6-1 thrashing of Manchester United on Sunday . Balotelli 's latest move , however , may be their finest .
`` It is important children should not mess with fireworks . They can be very dangerous if they are not used in the right way . People should follow the firework code , '' warns a man who had to escape from their burninghome early on Saturday after fireworks were set off through a bathroom window . Two fire crews were called and Balotelli escaped unharmed . The 21-year-old Italian claimed the incident was the fault of one of the four friends who were staying with them at the property in Mottram St Andrew , Cheshire .
`` The newspapers got the story wrong about me , '' they said . `` I did n't set any fireworks off , it was a friend of mine . I did n't know anything about it until I heard shouting coming from the bathroom . My friend apologised to me for the damage to my house . It was a really stupid thing to do . ''
Indeed it was and , with Bonfire Night coming up , Balotelli is , according to City , keen to give their full support to the Manchester-based Treacle campaign , which provides information on how to enjoy fireworks safely . Rule No1 ? Do not set any off in your bathroom , perhaps .
Balotelli believes City 's stunning win at Old Trafford , which has put them five points clear at the top of the Premier League , proves they `` can be the best '' and they have thanked the City fans for their backing of the players and , in particular , himself . `` Even when I have had bad moments they have supported me , '' they said . `` But I do n't care what people say about me . I am focused on my football , my manager , girlfriends and my family . ''
Starting from the night of May 27 , dozens of volunteers resumed their patrols around Taksim Gezi Park - one of the few remaining green spots in downtown Istanbul .
Following the police intervention and attacks , a group of activists sets up tents and launched a campaign against the planned construction of a shopping mall in the area . The group started a petition and planted trees in the park where a handful of trees is uprooted yesterday .
Roughly 40 tents were set to provide accommodation for activists last night . Nearby cafes sent out canteens for snacks at night , while everyone pitched in to buy breakfast in the morning .
Throughout the night , over 40,000 watched the demonstration online at lifestream.com/revoltistanbul , a channel that is expected to continue broadcasting tonight as well .
Mücella Yapıcı , an activist from Taksim Dayanışması , read a statement that reiterated their position against the construction in Taksim Gezi Park and urged officials to take up their duties .
Cem Tüzün , another activist from Taksim Dayanışması , told bianet that they had a meeting with the officials from Istanbul 2nd Culture Heritage Preservation Council . They claimed that the council requested municipalities of Istanbul and Beyoğlu to investigate the legal grounds of the ongoing construction .
“ Struggle against hydroelectric plants , 3rd bridge , corruption ”
The group 's statement said along with the park project they were also against the ongoing projects on Emek Movie Theatre , 3rd bosphorus bridge , new airport , hydroelectric power plants , transformation of Kuşdili area and relocation of schools , hospitals .
“ Preservation Council requested legal grounds ”
Tüzün , on the other hand , added the following : “ In order to stop the ungrounded interventions to the park and alleviate its consequences , Ayaspaşa Assocation , Taksim Gezi Park Preservation and Embellishment Association , and Chamber of Architects Istanbul Chapter respectively made applications .
Tüzün explained their meeting with council officials as follows :
“ Preservation Council verbally told us that they have requested information from municipalities of Istanbul and Beyoğlu to investigate the legal grounds of the ongoing construction .
They also added that they have demanded the copies of the documents but officials refused to provide them saying that they were between two official institutions .
The statement also acknowledged press representatives who were subjected to the police violence during demonstrations . Bülent Ünal , a cameraman from Ulusal Kanal who were hit in the head during the protests , told bianet that even though activists showed no intentions to use violence during their protest , police acted as if “ they were facing an enemy ” .
“ Activists were also struggling so that their children could see the green . Why this hostility ? ” they said .
`` Who will resist , if we do n't ? ''
bianet spoke with activist who volunteered to patrol around the park area . Çağdaş , an activist who spent the night at the park and experienced the police violence , said the public support increased dramatically over the course of the protests and everybody preferred to see public properties remained to the public and not individuals .
“ I have no doubt about our solidarity here , but everybody is worried about violence and fascism that the government is inflicting .
Residing nearby to the park , Saltuk said : “ Yesterday I was here to walk my dog . How can you ever leave this place ? ”
Deniz , on the other hand , said the following :
“ They have started to invade where we would breathe . We are here until the destruction is over . This belongs to all of us . If we do n't , who will resist ? And while we are trying to protect here , they are taking over Beşiktaş , there is vandalism everywhere . Everybody should hold on to at least one location . Everybody is immunized against tear gas anyways. ” ( BK/HK/BM )
* Follow bianet news in English on facebook and Twitter
I 'd like to share with you my biggest project so far – Darth 's Angels . I had the idea to create custom motorcycles for the Star Wars buildable figures ever since my son got their first set . After a few weeks of building , refining and constructing the photo scene finally I managed to create the perfect shot I imagined .
3 custom motorcycles were built for the figures , each of them uses only pieces from specific Lego sets .
The Lava scene uses ~6000 Lego pieces for the ground , has multiple coloured light sources and a DIY smoke machine made of an old foot pump ( see the video at the end about the setup ) .
More info : racingbrick.com
The main lava scene
Darth 's bike
First Stormtrooper bike
Second Stormtrooper bike
Darth Vader & the guards
The gang
Stormtroopers
Darth Vader ready for the battle
Darth Vader and a special guest
Jyn on Vader 's bike
Jyn on Vader 's bike
Jyn posing on one of the Stormtrooper bikes
Jyn posing on one of the Stormtrooper bikes
AP The Wall Street Journal editorial board tore into Mitt Romney this morning , hammering their campaign for muddling its message on whether or not the Affordable Care Act 's individual mandate is a tax .
The scathing op-ed painted Romney as the 2012 version of John Kerry , who failed in their 2004 presidential run from the Democratic ticket . And it questioned whether the `` tax confusion '' will be a `` turning point '' in Romney 's campaign . Here 's the opening paragraph :
If Mitt Romney loses their run for the White House , a turning point will have been their decision Monday to absolve President Obama of raising taxes on the middle class . They are managing to turn the only possible silver lining in Chief Justice John Roberts 's ObamaCare salvage operation—that the mandate to buy insurance or pay a penalty is really a tax—into a second political defeat .
On Monday , top Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom told MSNBC that the mandate was not a tax . Then on Wednesday , Romney changed positions themselves and aligned more with the Republican Party stance , telling CBS that the mandate is , in fact , a tax .
Much of the Romney campaign 's muddling of its message comes from walking a fine line over the health care reform that Romney passed as the governor of Massachusetts . That bill included the individual mandate , and it imposed an even higher `` tax '' or `` penalty '' than the one in Obama 's healthcare law .
But the conservative op-ed section of the Wall Street Journal wrote that Romney is only adding to the confusion and wasting a potentially `` historic opportunity . ''
The Romney campaign thinks it can play it safe and coast to the White House by saying the economy stinks and it 's Mr. Obama 's fault . We 're on its email list and the main daily message from the campaign is that `` Obama is n't working . '' Thanks , guys , but Americans already know that . What they want to hear from the challenger is some understanding of why the President 's policies are n't working and how Mr. Romney 's policies will do better .
The editorial closes with a jab at the Romney campaign 's overall message , comparing it to that of Kerry 's losing effort in 2004 .
Candidates who live by biography typically lose by it . See President John Kerry.The biography that voters care about is their own , and they want to know how a candidate is going to improve their future .
The Wall Street Journal is owned by Rupert Murdoch , who has been increasingly critical of Romney of late on Twitter .
A town council has stunned taxpayers by voting to spend an `` obscene '' £4,000 of public money on gold chains of office for its chairperson and their partner .
The decision by Elloughton-cum-Brough town council in East Yorkshire has been greeted with fury by residents and campaigners .
The chains will feature the council 's coat of arms - a helmeted Roman Centurion - to hark back to the community 's Roman past .
They will be worn by Chairman Martin Credland , a freelance cameraman , and their partner and fellow town councillor Yvonne Kerwin at civic functions .
Councillor Chris Duckles , who has forced a public consultation on the issue , said : `` We are in a time of austerity . We are having to cut back here , there , and everywhere .
`` All the town councils in the East Riding have them . It is sign of status for the settlement . In the battle for investment and attracting jobs , prestige matters . '' Councillor Tony Galbraith
`` Four a thousand pounds is an obscene amount of money and I do n't think it will benefit anyone in the village , which is what the place still is really .
`` We did not become a town to start parading around like peacocks . If we have a bad winter how it can turn around and say we have not got the money to clear the streets when we have spent it on this .
`` It is more of an embarrassment to the town than anything .
`` My personal feeling is people do not want to see all this public money wasted on a bangle - and a bangle for the Chairman 's girlfriend to wear .
`` But it is not so much the chairperson who is pushing it but those who fancy the pomp and circumstance of office . ''
Their wife and fellow Councillor Sue Duckles , who also voted no , said : `` I was quite annoyed . I think it is a horrendous amount of money for a civic chain of office .
`` I fail to see how it can raise the profile of the town . I got the impression as well they were trying to rail road it through .
`` As far as I am concerned , civic functions tend to be council chairpeople getting together . I ca n't see British Aerospace of Siemens being invited .
`` If it comes out of council coffers , it comes out the council tax that every householder in the country and this area pays .
`` It is fine if you were buying new seats or litter bins or clear the snow . We had to dip into the coffers last winter to clear snow and ice where the roads were not gritted .
`` Four a thousand pounds would pay for an awful lot of salt - rather than spend it on a civic chain of office which the public will probably never see .
`` The residents I have spoken to so far think it 's ridiculous . We think it is crazy to even consider it .
`` How can it be an investment ? It is not as if any member of the public would ever want to buy it to wear . It would just have to be melted down for scrap . ''
Resident Coleen Gill , 61 , of Spindlewood , Elloughton , presented a joke chain made from shoe laces and tin foil at the meeting on Tuesday .
They said : `` The idea of spending that much taxpayers ' money on some silly gold chains is ridiculous .
`` They could spend it on a defibrillator , waste collecting or more benches and bins .
`` There are so many people who volunteer to keep these two villages clean and pretty - like the Brownies and Scouts - and the council is going and spending thousands of pounds on themselves . ''
Councillor Alan Luckraft said : `` The people who are in favour say it because Brough is now a town rather than just a parish .
`` When the chairperson and their consort go to council functions they tend to meet representatives of towns who have some kind of chain of office
`` So they were feeling a bit left out and felt it detracted from the standing of the town .
`` The view of those against it is we do not think people will be impressed by Brough because the chairperson has a chain around their neck .
`` It is not really the sort of thing in the present austere times that we should be spending public money on .
`` Whether it comes out of reserves or we pass the hat round someone has to pay for it and they ruled out local business sponsorship in case it created a conflict of interests .
`` But some people are going to say it is absolutely disgraceful and should not even be considered . ''
`` We are in a time of austerity . We are having to cut back here , there , and everywhere . '' Councillor Fred Duckles
Councillor Tony Galbraith , who voted yes , said : `` We only became a town council three of four years ago but did not have chain of office .
`` We can do it from reserves without putting up council tax . We are obtaining an asset and it is the norm to have a chain for the consort .
`` All the town councils in the East Riding have them . It is sign of status for the settlement . In the battle for investment and attracting jobs , prestige matters . ''
The costs would be £3,250 for one pendant and chain , or £4,000 for two , the second pendant having a ribbon rather than a chain .
• Council paints yellow line over dead cat
Councillor Galbraith added : `` I think it 's an investment for the future . ''
But Jonathan Isaby , Chief Executive of the TaxPayers ' Alliance , said : `` Local taxpayers will be astonished at the amount of their money the Town Council wants to spend on expensive regalia .
`` When budgets are so tight at every level of government , this shows a curious sense of priorities , to say the least .
`` It is important that local residents now have the opportunity to make their feelings known about the proposal to spend thousands on chains before a final decision is made as to whether this is the right thing to do . ''
Councillors Credland and Kerwin were unavailable for comment .
Andrew from Leeston
Six turkeys for sale , two gobblers and four gobblerettes . Mum , Dad and four kids .
Our neighbour had thought it would be a good idea to let a pair of turkeys go in their woodlot next door . The turkeys , however , thought it would be an even better idea to come over to our place and eat free food , from the chooks , and fight with Roger the rooster .
Turns out they share a mutually xenophobic hatred for each other and take great delight in trying to annihilate each other 's children , with a passion bordering on biblical . So , to avoid further mayhem , I 've had to lock them up in one of the chicken runs .
Not only that , it turns out chooks can carry a disease called blackhead ( from eating earthworms ! ) that if transferred to turkeys kills about half the offspring ; carnage . Mama turkey started out with 13 chicks they hatched out here ... These surviving turkeys should be immune to blackhead .
Bottom line is : I do n't want them here anymore so if you 're interested in brightening up your christmas , or your backyard , or back paddock , these could be just the thing . Used to humans so reasonable easy to handle , yet I now realise to have been called a turkey by someone is really quite the insult .
$ 150 the lot
I 'm a night owl , afternoon/evening contact is better . Thank you ☺️
Price : $ 150
UPDATE ( Matt ) : Via Justin , CBS News has released photos of the shooter , along with reporting that the suspect had rushed into the FBI 's office in Anchorage , Alaska , saying that they were being forced to fight for ISIS .
NEW : In Nov. 2016 , FLL suspect walked into FBI office in Anchorage , claiming they were being forced to fight for ISIS , sources tell CBS News . — CBS News ( @ CBSNews ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 3:31 EST ) : The shooter was a passenger on a flight that had recently landed at FLL .
NBC saying Santiago got their gun from a checked bag , went into the bathroom to load it , came out and started shooting . Security fail . — Ethan Ralph ( @ TheRalphRetort ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 2:58 EST ) : Reports of a second shooter are still unconfirmed .
Active search : Unconfirmed reports of addt ' l shots fired on airport property . — Broward Sheriff ( @ browardsheriff ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 2:49 EST ) : A man was seen being led away in handcuffs from the parking garage .
NOW : someone in handcuffs at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International . Still lots of activity in parking garage . @ wsvn pic.twitter.com/kjHA1QNI3Z — Brian Entin ( @ BrianEntin ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 2:47 EST ) : The TSA 's official Twitter account is tweeting about an active shooter at FLL ; however , it is not known if this is in reference to the original shooting or a second shooting .
Update : Active shooter at # FLL . Shelter in place . Airport closed . — TSA ( @ TSA ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 2:46 EST ) : Also per Sen. Nelson , the suspect emptied three magazines before sitting down .
Senator Bill Nelson : shooter is Esteban Santiago . They were carrying a military ID . Motive is unknown . When finished 3 magazines , they sat down — Will Carr ( @ WillCarrFNC ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 2:30 EST ) : Possible reports of a second shooter have emerged . The casualty total has been updated to five dead , eight wounded .
5 dead , 8 injured at FLL airport . Now reports of second active shooter in Terminal 3 , BSO says . People still being evacuated on tarmac . — Phillip Valys ( @ PhilValys ) January 6 , 2017
Witnesses reporting more shots fired at Fort Lauderdale International Airport . Not confirmed by authorities # FoxNews — Will Carr ( @ WillCarrFNC ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 2:28 EST ) : According to Sen. Bill Nelson ( D-FL ) , the shooter has been identified as `` Esteban Santiago '' by their military ID .
Senator Bill Nelson on MSNBC right now . Says shooter has been identified as Esteban Santiago - carrying a military ID # FortLauderdale — Stewart Moore ( @ Stewartmoore ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 1:59 EST ) : The death toll has been revised to five .
UPDATE ( 1:46 EST ) : The shooting took place at the baggage claim .
UPDATE : Shooting took place at Terminal 2 baggage claim , @ NBCNews ' @ prodjay reports — WCSH 6 ( @ WCSH6 ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 1:37 EST ) : Per NBC , three people are now reported dead .
NBC 's Pete Williams , citing federal officials , says 3 dead in shooting at Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood Int ' l Airport — Jesse Rodriguez ( @ JesseRodriguez ) January 6 , 2017
UPDATE ( 1:33 EST ) : The person in custody is the shooter , according to federal officials .
UPDATE ( 1:27 EST ) : `` At least '' nine people have been wounded , with one person in custody . One person is reported dead .
-- -Original Post -- -
There are reports of shots fired at Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport . Details are scarce at the moment , but former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer is on the scene and tweeting updates . Passengers have been evacuated .
I 'm at the Ft. Lauderdale Airport . Shots have been fired . Everyone is running . — Ari Fleischer ( @ AriFleischer ) January 6 , 2017
The police said there is one shooter and five victims . — Ari Fleischer ( @ AriFleischer ) January 6 , 2017
All seems calm now but the police are n't letting anyone out of the airport - at least not the area where I am . — Ari Fleischer ( @ AriFleischer ) January 6 , 2017
Other travelers were tweeting that they were told to get back on their planes .
Holy crap . Shooter at airport in ft Lauderdale . We were just about to get off plane and they made everyone get back on plane . — PuzzlePen ( @ PuzzlePen ) January 6 , 2017
This story has been updated .
Michael Land from the University of Sussex discovered much of this in the 1960s , by carefully eyeballing the eyes under a microscope , and tracing the path that light must take within them . They identified the mirror , they showed that it consists of layered crystals , and they suggested that the crystals are made of guanine—one of the building blocks of DNA . “ It 's very impressive how Land was right about pretty much everything from some pretty simple approaches , ” says Daniel Speiser from the University of South Carolina , who also studies scallop eyes . “ But no one has gotten a good look at an intact mirror before . ”
The problem is that powerful microscopes tend to dehydrate samples in the process of analyzing them , and that would ruin the placement of the mirror 's crystals . Now , Lia Addadi from the Weizmann Institute of Science has found a way around this problem . Them team , including Benjamin Palmer and Gavin Taylor , used a microscope that rapidly freezes samples , so everything within stays in the right place . They 've finally reconstructed the structure of the mirror in glorious detail , confirming many of Land 's ideas , and fleshing others out .
The mirror consists of flat , square guanine crystals , each a millionth of a meter wide . They tessellate together into a chessboard-like grid . Between 20 and 30 of these grids then stack on top of each other , with a liquid-filled gap between them . And the layers are arranged so that the squares in each one lie directly beneath the squares in the one above . The crystals and the gaps between them are respectively 74 and 86 billionths of a meter thick , and these exacting distances mean that the mirror as a whole is great at reflecting blue-green light—the color that dominates the scallop 's underwater habitat .
Guanine crystals in a scallop 's eye . Credit : Lia Addadi
The whole structure is a master class in precision engineering . “ When there is an elegant physical solution , the evolutionary process is very good at finding it , ” says Alison Sweeney , a physicist at the University of Pennsylvania who studies animal vision .
This precision is all the more remarkable because guanine crystals do n't naturally form into thin squares . If you grow them in the lab , you get a chunky prism . Clearly , the scallop actively controls the growth of these crystals , shaping them as they form . Guanine crystals grow in layers , and Addadi thinks that the scallop somehow shifts the orientation of each layer by 90 degrees relative to the ones above and below it . As the layers grow outward , they do so in only four directions , creating a square . How it does that is a mystery , as is everything else about the way the mirrors form .
Also , the mirror is not an inanimate structure within the eye . It 's a living thing . The square crystals grow inside the cells of the scallop 's eye , filling them up . It 's the cells that then tessellate together to form the layers . “ The cells ca n't be dead , ” Addadi says , “ or the whole thing would break apart. ” So not only must the cells control the growth of the crystals inside them , but they also have to communicate with each other to arrange themselves just so . “ How do they do that ? I really do n't know , ” they add .
BethPH
Hackney MP Diane Abbott Calls For Rent Controls
MP for Hackney and future Mayoral candidate Diane Abbott has called for rent controls in a joint campaign with Generation Rent .
Pretty much everyone has been demanding reform to the private rental market , which has so distorted the cost of living in the capital that some people face rents of more than half of their monthly salary . But the government has been slow to act . Unlike the London Rental Standard ( LRS ) , Abbott 's proposals would n't be voluntary , and would force landlords to comply with the GLA 's rent controls or face an extra charge of 50 % .
Monthly rents would be no more than 50 % of the local annual council tax bill , so a family living in a two-bed flat in Camberwell would have a council tax banding of B ( £942 ) and a rent of £1,200 per month , so their rent cap would be £471 . The extra charge to a landlord if they chose not to apply a cap would be £364 . The extra charge would go to the Mayor of London to pay for new social housing .
Diane Abbott said :
“ A major international city without measures to stabilise rent runs the risk of rents spiralling out of people 's reach . It is no coincidence that New York , Paris and Berlin all have some version of rent control . For too long politicians have rejected any form of rent controls but it is time to look at the issue again . ”
We looked at how rent controls work in other countries in January . London Mayor Boris Johnson has previously rejected rent controls . The most common argument against rent control is that it would force landlords to sell up , reducing supply but increasing demand . The Telegraph said it risked rents becoming a political football — we think it 's probably become that already .
Alex Hilton of Generation Rent called on Britain 's baby-boomers in CityMetric to support the organisation 's campaign for rent controls :
“ This rent slavery , where people are ground down working to build their landlords ' buy-to-let empires , is untenable . ”
Abbott has written to prime minister David Cameron and Labour leader Ed Miliband to demand powers for the London Mayor and local authorities to introduce rent controls , saying rejection of the proposal must end .
Photo by Andy Worthington in the Londonist Flickr pool .
Often less experienced players misunderstand the role of an entry fragger , thinking their job is to get the opening kills in a round or execute rather than to make space for their team . When the entry fragger is consistently hitting their shots and scoring kills for their team , they should be comfortably winning games as they will be getting both control and frags . However , this relies on the entry fragger hitting their shots perfectly , which is highly difficult to keep up consistently . By using these three tips , you can be an entry fragger who will be able to maintain their high impact , even when your aim is n't as good as it usually is .
1 . Discuss how you 're being supported
To begin with , one of the most important things to discuss with your team when learning a new strategy is how your team are going to flash for you , as discussed by Ryan `` fREAKAZOiD '' Abadir below . You should aim to just come out of the chokepoint as the flash pops , keeping the flash behind your back . As fREAKAZOiD says , this means you need to know when the flash is being thrown , where it is being thrown from and where it is being thrown to . Also , you need to know where your team are smoking off and clearing with Molotovs , as this will greatly affect the route that you will run .
Finally , you yourself need to be using up your utility at some point early in the round , as you are likely to be dying during to execute and if you still have all of your utility , then you are essentially throwing money away . As such , your utility should be used in the default to get map control . For example , on your Cache default , you should use your utility to smoke off B Main , Molotov Checkers and flash Counter-Terrorists away from B Main .
2 . Perfect crosshair placement
When entry fragging , it is n't possible to carefully check every angle . Instead your aim should be to get as far away from the chokepoint as possible and pre-aim the most common angles that the Counter-Terrorists hold . Towards the beginning of the half , you should be pre-aiming common close range angles and every time you die , try to remember where the Counter-Terrorists were positioned . Over the course of the half , you should learn the common positions that the Counter-Terrorists like to hold and consequently adjust which angles you pre-aim as you push out . A good way to practice this is to play pre-fire maps , such as those on the Workshop or if you have a premium boomeo subscription use their pre-fire mod .
Instead of trying to get the fastest time possible on the competitive setting , just grind the stage most relevant to your execute and practice running your route while clearing all of the angles you need to , ignoring the bots in positions that would normally be smoked or Molotoved off . In the end of the day , your job is n't to take long aim duels , but rather make room for your secondary entry fraggers and let them trade frag you , so just aim to keep moving even if this puts you at a disadvantage in an aim duel .
3 . Running an optimised route
When entry fragging on to sites , you should not be rushing on to the site in whichever way you wish . Instead , you should be utilising a pre-planned route that has been previously discussed with your team . The aim of this route should be to draw the Counter-Terrorist fire away from your team , while closing the distance between your team and the opponent . Another thing to consider is how to use the design of the bombsite to isolate angles by limiting which Counter-Terrorist positions can peek you . For example , when entering the B Bombsite on Overpass out of Monster , if you stay to the left of the large pillar on the bombsite , the pillar will cover you from Heaven .
When practicing maps as a team , you should be aiming to generate a different route for every set execute or strategy that your team use and learn it by heart , being able to execute it intuitively . If you are unsure exactly what route to run on a particular strategy , it may be worth watching the demos of professional entry fraggers and seeing which route they use . Finally , discuss the route with your teammates , especially your team 's AWPer and secondary entry fraggers , so that they know which angles to hold for you , so they can cover your back .
As a last resource , I would recommend that you watch the following video by VooCSGO who is generally a good source of videos for players learning to play in teams , but their entry fragging video is especially good .
Like our content ? Support us by getting our merchandise in our shop
Hillary Clinton stood on a stage for two hours Tuesday night , being yelled at by six men . Now this is what they mean by pressure . The most important job in the world is at stake and every single one of the other candidates walked into the presidential debate gunning for them They began piling on from the first question . They took it all and came out the other end in one piece . She 's one tough woman . Kudos .
Them fighting spirit was all the more impressive because so many of the positions they were defending were virtually indefensible . It 's not easy to try to make a matter of principle out of a refusal to say anything specific about Social Security . And you really need a spine of steel to stand up on national television and explain why it was a good idea to vote for a bellicose Senate resolution on Iran that has given George W. Bush a chance to start making ominous remarks about weapons of mass destruction again .
“ Well , first of all , I am against a rush to war , ” they said . That would have been disturbing even if they had not attacked the idea of “ rushing to war ” twice more in the next 60 seconds . Being against a rush to another war in the Middle East seems to be setting the bar a tad low . How do they feel about a measured march to war ? A leisurely stroll ?
And how could they have voted for an Iran resolution that was sponsored by Joseph Lieberman , who was basically drummed out of their party in Connecticut because of their hyperhawk stance on Iraq ? Lieberman , who was once a somewhat boring but apparently good-hearted centrist , has turned into a disaster area for Democrats , a one-man quagmire .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
If it had n't been for their unhelpful performance in Florida after the 2000 election , perhaps Al Gore would be president now and there would be peace and global cooling throughout the planet . Honestly , there 's a book in this somewhere : Joe Lieberman Ruined Everything .
Photo
We digress .
Hillary Clinton is relying on their Democratic audience to understand that all their peculiar positions and triple-waffles have to do with a fear of being demagogued by the Republicans in the general election . But you would have to be a very , very committed Hillaryite to be comfortable listening to two solid hours of dodging and weaving on everything from their vote on the Iran resolution to their husband 's attempt to keep records of their White House communications secret until after 2012 . ( “ ... Certainly we 'll move as quickly as our circumstances and the processes of the National Archives permits . ” )
Note : If you came here from Twitter , I use “ kittens ” as my code for climate science to thwart Twitter 's shadowban on my tweets .
—
You probably know that actor Leonardo DiCaprio is a climate activist , and they are trying to persuade the world that climate change is both real and serious . Someone asked me on Twitter what it would take for DiCaprio ( for example ) to persuade a person like me .
I 'll take a swing at that .
For starters , you must separate the questions of real and serious . The real part refers to the climate models . The serious part refers to economic models . Those are different topics .
If you want to convince me that climate change is real , the best approach is to abandon the current method that packages climate models in a fashion that is identical to well-known scams . ( Or hoaxes , if you prefer . )
Let me say this doubly-clear . When I say climate models are packaged in a fashion that is identical to known scams , I am not saying they are scams . I 'm saying they are packaged to look exactly like scams . There is no hope for credibility with that communication plan .
To make my point visual , imagine walking into your kitchen and finding an intruder wearing a ski mask and holding a gun . You assume this person is not your friendly neighbor because they are packaged exactly like an armed burglar . If you shoot that intruder , and it turns out to be your neighbor playing a prank , you probably wo n't go to jail because it is n't your fault . The problem was that your neighbor packaged themselves to look exactly like an armed burglar .
Climate scientists tell us that there are hundreds of climate models , all somewhat different . I assume that most of them do a good job predicting the past ( hindcasting ) because otherwise they would not be models at all . Hindcasting is one minimum requirement for being a model in this field , I would assume .
Then science ignores the models that are too far off from observed temperatures as we proceed into the future and check the predictions against reality . Sometimes scientists also “ tune ” the models to hindcast better , meaning tweaking assumptions . As a non-scientists , I ca n't judge whether or not the tuning and tweaking are valid from a scientific perspective . But I can judge that this pattern is identical to known scams . I described the known scams in this post .
And to my skeptical mind , it sounds fishy that there are dozens or more different climate models that are getting tuned to match observations . That does n't sound credible , even if it is logically and scientifically sound . I am not qualified to judge the logic or science . But I am left wondering why it has to sound exactly like a hoax if it is n't one . Was there not a credible-sounding way to make the case ?
Personally , I would find it compelling if science settled on one climate model ( not dozens ) and reported that it was accurate ( enough ) , based on temperature observations , for the next five years . If they pull that off , they have my attention . But they will never convince me with multiple models . That just is n't possible .
If climate scientists want their climate predictions to be believed , they need to vote on the best model , and stick with it for a few years . If they ca n't do that , all I will see is lots of blind squirrels in a field of nuts . Some squirrels will accidentally find some nuts . But it wo n't look like science to me because of the way it is packaged .
I do realize that picking one model as the “ best ” is not something science can do with comfort . It would feel dishonest , I assume , since they do n't know which one will perform best . But if science wants to be persuasive , they need to pick one model . And it needs to be accurate ( ish ) for the next five years . Nothing else would be persuasive to me .
On the second point , about how serious the alleged problem of climate change is , we have to rely not on scientists but on economists . And economists have zero credibility for long-term forecasts of that type . So the serious part is beyond the reach of persuasion . You ca n't get there from here because economic models are no more credible than astrology .
By the way , my educational background is in economics and business . And for years , my corporate jobs involved making complex financial projections about budgets . In other words , I was perpetuating financial fraud within the company , by order of my boss . They told me to pretend my financial projections were real , and I did . But they were not real . My predictions were in line with whatever my boss told me they would be . I “ tuned ” my assumptions until I got my boss 's answer .
When I tell you it would be hard to convince me that a stranger 's economic model is credible , keep my experience in mind . I 've seen lots of economic models . I 've built economic models . In my experience , they are nothing but guesses , bias , and outright fraud .
The only way to convince me that climate change is bad for the economy is to wait until it starts breaking things . If I see it , and scientists agree I am seeing it , I might believe it . But long-term economic predictions ca n't get me there .
I remind you that my topic is about persuasion , not the underlying truth of climate change . I do n't have access to the underlying truth because I am not a scientist working in the field . My information comes from strangers that tell me their interpretation of what the scientists are saying . I am as far from science as you can get .
The people who are hallucinating the hardest on this topic are the non-scientists who believe they have done a deep dive into the scientific papers and the climate models and arrived at a rational conclusion . The illusion here is that getting information from other humans is the same as “ science . ”
Another group of hallucinators believes that they can determine the scientific truth of climate change by counting the number of scientists on each side . But that ignores the fact that science often has the majority on the wrong side . That happens every time a new idea is starting to replace an old one . Darwin did not agree with the consensus when they introduced evolution . Einstein 's ideas were slow to catch on , etc .
When the majority of scientists are on one side , what matters most is the flow rate from one side to the other , not the raw numbers . I need to know which direction the scientists are moving . Are more climate scientists moving toward climate skepticism or away from it ? Give me that data and I 'll have something useful . But counting the number on each side during one slice of time is meaningless for persuasion .
My point is that Leonardo DiCaprio would have a tough time persuading me that climate science is both real and serious . But it is n't their fault , because science has packaged climate science to look like a hoax , and sent them out to sell it . I respect and admire DiCaprio for their heart on this matter , and their effort on behalf of the planet . But science has failed them by giving them hoax-looking sales collateral .
—
You might love my book because of reasons and other good things .
As a trooper in the Special Air Service 's counter-terrorist team - the black-clad force that came to the world 's attention during the Iranian Embassy siege in 1980 - Ben Griffin was at the pinnacle of their military career .
They had already served in Northern Ireland , Macedonia and Afghanistan as a member of the Parachute Regiment , and their sharp mind , natural fitness and ability to cope with the stress of military operations had singled them out as ideal special forces material .
Born in London but brought up in Wales , Mr Griffin left school at 18 with two A-levels and six GCSEs and , although they could have become an officer , they preferred life in the ranks .
Within a year of joining the elite force in early 2004 and serving as a trooper in the SAS 's G-Squadron , they learnt that their unit was being posted to Baghdad , where it would be working alongside its American equivalent , Delta Force , targeting al-Qaeda cells and insurgent units .
Unknown to any of their SAS colleagues at their Hereford-based unit , however , Mr Griffin , then 25 , had been harbouring doubts over the `` legality '' of the war . Despite recognising that Saddam Hussein was a brutal dictator and posed a threat , albeit a small one , to the West , they did not believe that the case for war had been made . The events they witnessed during their three-month tour in Baghdad , and especially the conduct of the American troops , would force them into making the most difficult decision of their life .
During a week 's leave in March 2005 they told their commanding officer in a formal interview that they had no intention of returning to Iraq because they believed that the war was morally wrong . Moreover , they said they believed that Tony Blair and the Government had lied to the country and had deceived every British serviceman and woman serving in Iraq .
Mr Griffin expected to be placed under arrest , labelled a coward , court-martialed and imprisoned for daring to air such views .
Instead , however , they were allowed to leave the Army with their exemplary military record intact and with a glowing testimonial from their commanding officer , who described them as a `` balanced and honest soldier who possesses the strength and character to genuinely have the courage of their convictions '' .
In their first interview since being discharged from the SAS in June last year , Mr Griffin explained why they have decided to speak out about the war .
They said : `` I saw a lot of things in Baghdad that were illegal or just wrong . I knew , so others must have known , that this was not the way to conduct operations if you wanted to win the hearts and minds of the local population . And if you do n't win the hearts and minds of the people , you ca n't win the war .
`` If we were on a joint counter-terrorist operation , for example , we would radio back to our headquarters that we were not going to detain certain people because , as far as we were concerned , they were not a threat because they were old men or obviously farmers , but the Americans would say 'no , bring them back ' .
`` The Americans had this catch-all approach to lifting suspects . The tactics were draconian and completely ineffective . The Americans were doing things like chucking farmers into Abu Ghraib [ the notorious prison in Baghdad where US troops abused and tortured Iraqi detainees ] or handing them over to the Iraqi authorities , knowing full well they were going to be tortured .
`` The Americans had a well-deserved reputation for being trigger happy . In the three months that I was in Iraq , the soldiers I served with never shot anybody . When you asked the Americans why they killed people , they would say 'we were up against the tough foreign fighters ' . I did n't see any foreign fighters in the time I was over there .
`` I can remember coming in off one operation which took place outside Baghdad , where we had detained some civilians who were clearly not insurgents , they were innocent people . I could n't understand why we had done this , so I said to my troop commander 'would we have behaved in the same way in the Balkans or Northern Ireland ? ' They shrugged their shoulders and said 'this is Iraq ' , and I thought 'and that makes it all right ? '
`` As far as I was concerned that meant that because these people were a different colour or a different religion , they did n't count as much . You can not invade a country pretending to promote democracy and behave like that . ''
On another operation , Mr Griffin recalls their and other soldiers ' frustration at being ordered to detain a group of men living on a farm .
They said : `` After you have been on a few operations , experience tells you when you are dealing with insurgents or just civilians and we knew the people we had detained were not a threat .
`` One of them was a disabled man who had a leg missing but the Americans still ordered us to load them on the helicopters and bring them back to their base . A few hours later we were told to return half of them and fly back to the farm in daylight . It was a ridiculous order and we ran the risk of being shot down or ambushed , but we still had to do it . The Americans were risking our lives because they refused to listen to our advice the night before . It was typical of their behaviour . ''
Mr Griffin said they believed that the Americans soldiers viewed the Iraqis in the same way as the Nazis viewed Russians , Jews and eastern Europeans in the Second World War , when they labelled them `` untermenschen '' .
`` As far as the Americans were concerned , the Iraqi people were sub-human , untermenschen . You could almost split the Americans into two groups : ones who were complete crusaders , intent on killing Iraqis , and the others who were in Iraq because the Army was going to pay their college fees . They had no understanding or interest in the Arab culture . The Americans would talk to the Iraqis as if they were stupid and these were n't isolated cases , this was from the top down . There might be one or two enlightened officers who understood the situation a bit better but on the whole that was their general attitude . Their attitude fuelled the insurgency . I think the Iraqis detested them . ''
Although Mr Griffin has the utmost respect for their former colleagues and remains fiercely loyal to the regiment , they believe that the reputation of the Army has been damaged by its association with the American forces .
`` I had reservations about going out to Iraq before I went , but as a soldier you just get on with what you are ordered to do . But I found that when I was out in Iraq that I could n't keep my views separate from my work without compromising my role as a soldier .
`` It was at that stage that I knew I could n't carry on . I was very angry , and still am , at the way the politicians in this country and America have lied to the British public about the war . But most importantly , I did n't join the British Army to conduct American foreign policy . ''
Mr Griffin said that although they were angered by many of the events they witnessed in Iraq , they waited until they returned to Britain on leave before making their views clear to their commanders .
`` I did n't want to say anything when I was in Baghdad because I still have great respect and loyalty for the soldiers I served with . I did n't want to cause any unnecessary pressure or discomfort by voicing my opinions .
`` When I returned to the UK for a week 's leave I asked for an interview with my commanding officer and told them that what I thought was going on in Iraq was wrong , not just legally but operationally as well .
`` Initially , they suspected that I had been offered a job by a private military company in Iraq but when it became clear that was not the case they were very understanding . It was a big decision for me . I put a lot of effort getting into the SAS , so this was n't a decision I made on a whim .
`` He understood my point of view and their attitude was brilliant , in fact everyone was brilliant about it . I did n't know what was going to happen . I thought I might be charged or end up in Colchester [ the military prison ] for refusing to soldier . ''
Mr Griffin , who lives in London , denies being a peace activist or a member of any political party , or having an agenda designed to bring down the Government .
But they said : `` I do believe passionately in democracy and I will speak out about things which I think are morally wrong . I think the war in Iraq is a war of aggression and is morally wrong and , more importantly , we are making the situation in the Middle East more unstable . It 's not just wrong , it 's a major military disaster . There was no plan for what was to happen after Saddam went , no end-game . ''
• Mr Griffin did not ask for or receive any payment for this interview .
( Photo by MLive.com file photo )
2012 Traffic Crash Numbers
• Total crashes in Michigan decreased 4 percent : from 284,049 in 2011 to 273,891 in 2012 .
• Injuries caused by traffic crashes decreased 2 percent : from 71,796 in 2011 to 70,519 in 2012 ,
• Fatalities caused by crashes increased 5 percent : from 889 in 2011 to 936 in 2012 .
• Commercial motor vehicle-involved fatalities increased 10 percent : from 73 in 2011 to 80 in 2012 .
• Cell phone-involved crashes decreased 9 percent : 821 in 2011 to 748 in 2012 .
• Cell phone-involved fatal crashes increased from six in 2011 to eight in 2012 .
• Motorcyclist fatalities increased 18 percent : from 109 in 2011 to 129 in 2012 .
• Bicyclist fatalities decreased 17 percent : from 24 in 2011 to 20 in 2012 .
• Pedestrian fatalities decreased 5 percent : from 140 in 2011 to 133 in 2012 .
• Crashes involving deer declined 9 percent : from 53,592 in 2011 to 48,918 in 2012 .
Motorcycle fatalities in Michigan increased by 18 percent in 2012 while the total number of vehicle crashes decreased 4 percent , according to new traffic crash data released Monday by the Michigan Office of Highway Safety Planning ( OHSP ) .
The 129 motorcycle deaths are part of the overall increase in fatalities caused by crashes . The total number of fatalities increased 5 percent over 2011 , from 889 to 936 .
`` Michigan 's increase in traffic fatalities mirrors what has taken place across the country , '' Col. Kriste Kibbey Etue , director of the Michigan State Police said in a press release from the OHSP .
It is unclear if the increase in motorcycle fatalities has to do with a lifting of Michigan 's helmet mandate .
`` With this information just being finalized , there has not been any analysis conducted at this juncture , '' Anne Readett , spokesperson for the OHSP .
The total number of traffic crashes decreased 4 percent , from 284,049 in 2011 to 273,891 in 2012 . Injuries were also down 2 percent to 70,519 , from 71,796 in 2011 .
Cell-phone related crashes decreased 9 percent , while fatalities involving cell phones increased from six deaths to eight .
Additional data on the 2012 numbers will be released in the coming months , according to the press release .
`` Despite an increase in traffic deaths last year , the long-term picture indicates this is the fifth year in a row Michigan had fewer than 1,000 traffic deaths , '' Etue said in a press release . `` Ten years ago there were nearly 1,300 people who died as a result of traffic crashes in our state . ''
Related :
Fritz Klug is a news buzz reporter for MLive . Contact them at fklug @ mlive.com or 269-370-0584 . Follow them on Twitter , Facebook , Google+ or App.net .
An international team of biologists has successfully identified some of the brain chemicals that may help clarify some unanswered questions about how humans sleep .
The research - conducted by the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) and the University of Toronto - focused on seals and the chemicals found in their brain , as they are able to sleep with half their brain at a time .
Professor John Peever of the University of Toronto said : `` Seals do something biologically amazing - they sleep with half their brain at a time . The left side of their brain can sleep while the right side stays awake . Seals sleep this way while they 're in water , but they sleep like humans while on land . Our research may explain how this unique biological phenomenon happens . ''
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
The study 's first author , PhD student Jennifer Lapierre , measured how the brain chemicals change while the seals are asleep and awake . They found that acetylcholine - an important brain chemical - was at low levels on the sleeping side of the brain , but high levels on the waking side . This discovery suggests that acetylcholine may be responsible for brain alertness .
They also discovered - to their surprise - that the chemical serotonin was present in both sides of the brain whether the seal was awake or asleep . It was previously thought that serotonin caused brain arousal .
Researchers hope that the discovery of the chemicals may make a breakthrough in understanding and curing sleeping disorders . The study 's senior author , Jerome Siegel from UCLA 's Brain Research Institute added : `` Understanding which brain chemicals function to keep us awake or asleep is a major scientific advance . It could help solve the mystery of how and why we sleep . ''
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
The Trump campaign never really ended , and never will .
President Trump plans to be right in the thick of next year 's midterm elections , according to a new report in the Washington Post . The crowd-loving Trump , who seemed to enjoy campaigning for president much more than they enjoy being president , intends to spend much of the year traveling the country and holding rallies in support of Republican Senate , House , and gubernatorial candidates . They may also involve themselves in some GOP primary races , and Trump aides have already met with 116 GOP candidates , with more to come .
Trump and White House political director Bill Stepien are planning to meet weekly over the coming months to go over candidates , endorsement criteria , poll numbers , and Trump 's forever-campaign plans , per the Post . Regularly scheduled meetings between Trump and candidates are also in the works .
How beneficial Trump and their busted brand can be to most GOP candidates next year — or ever again — is very much up for debate . A new AP-NORC poll indicates that Trump is the least popular first-year president on record , and the president 's endorsements have panned out terribly so far . In a stunning election result in Alabama on Tuesday , Democrat Doug Jones won Jeff Sessions 's vacated Senate seat , beating Trump-endorsed candidate Roy Moore , who allegedly harassed and molested teenage girls . Trump , who won Alabama by 28 points last year , originally endorsed Luther Strange , the candidate Moore defeated in the state 's GOP primary . And in Virginia , the Republican gubernatorial candidate who Trump backed , Ed Gillespie , was soundly defeated by Democrat Ralph Northam last month . In a recent interview , Gillespie admitted that Trump may have been a “ big factor ” in their loss , though it 's true that plenty of other elements beyond the president played into the recent Republican losses .
If next year 's fight for Congress becomes a referendum on Trump , it would be a dream scenario for most Democrats . Trump 's approval rating has been in the toilet for most of the year , and the Trump-and-Republican-run government is only now on the cusp of its first major legislative achievement — a massively unpopular tax cut for corporations and the wealthy , which may also gut the increasingly popular Affordable Care Act .
Doubtless , the next ten months will bring plenty more chaos from the White House . That does n't even include what Trump will end up saying at all those rallies , or how they may attack GOP candidates who refuse their help , creating even more problems for the party .
Trump 's attention will still come with some benefits for Republican candidates , of course . The Post reports that some GOP fundraising efforts have suffered during the Trump presidency , so the president 's ability to raise money from the donor class could be essential . And in truly safe districts and states for the GOP , Trump 's value as a fundraiser , media magnet , and someone still beloved by much of the Republican voter base will be in demand .
But Trump is undoubtedly the person and idea that Democrats most want to run against next year , regardless of the actual GOP candidates they face .
Despite the enormous risk involved — and Trump 's well-known love for talking about themselves in front of big rooms filled with adoring fans — Stepien told the Post that the president 's motives are entirely pragmatic , and that public poll numbers do n't reflect their real popularity .
“ For the president , this is n't about adulation and cheering crowds — this is about electing and reelecting Republicans , ” Stepien claimed .
But it might be that the best thing Trump can do to help elect and reelect Republicans is disappeared .
There 's not a lot of new info on the vehicle yet , but the Karma says it 's `` the first model sold in the US with a solar roof that will power the vehicle . '' We think that means that it will contribute some extra power and autonomy to the car 's main power pack , rather than just charging the lead-acid accessory battery like the original . It could n't chip in much juice , though -- a panel that small ca n't even power the air conditioning by itself .
The Karma Revero 's infotainment system ( Karma Automotive )
The Karma will likely use vehicle control and charging systems from BMW , according to an earlier report from the WSJ . `` There are huge , serious , major upgrades throughout the electronics systems , wiring , charging , battery , '' Karma Marketing Director Jim Taylor said in April . If accurate , that should address the Fisker Karma 's dependability issues . It will also have a new , simple-to-use infotainment system , as Karma said `` if you like a 200 page supplement to the owner 's manual ... look elsewhere . ''
Like the original Fisker Karma , the Revero is expected to cost around $ 100,000 . According to a countdown on the company 's website , you 'll just have to wait another 28 days for a full reveal .
Image copyright PA
Former Deputy Prime Minister Lord Prescott has said they are backing Andy Burnham to be the next leader of the Labour Party .
Writing in the Sunday Mirror Lord Prescott said Mr Burnham had `` one thing all leaders crave - the common touch '' .
They also criticised former leader Ed Miliband for resigning `` prematurely '' and `` before the successor could be elected '' .
They likened Mr Burnham to that of former Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair .
'Living example '
Referring to Mr Blair , Lord Prescott writes : `` He spent 11 years as an MP . In that time they learned their brief , gained the ­experience , handled the media and won the public 's trust with an overwhelming landslide .
`` I have seen a lot of those skills and ­qualities in Andy Burnham during their 13 years as an MP .
`` Many people talk about aspiration but Andy is a living example - a working-class lad from Liverpool who went to a ­comprehensive and got a place at Cambridge University .
`` Andy also has that one thing all leaders crave - the common touch .
`` I 've seen them in small groups and big meetings . People instantly warm to the guy . He 's a family man who loves their football . ''
Ed Miliband resigned as Labour leader after the Conservatives were elected as a majority government with 331 seats in the general election .
Harriet Harman has been leading Labour temporarily until a new leader is appointed but has ruled themselves out of the contest .
The other contenders for the Labour leadership include Mary Creagh , Liz Kendall and Yvette Cooper .
In their column Lord Prescott added : `` Not New Labour or Old Labour .
`` We need someone to lead Now Labour . That 's why I 'm backing Andy to be our leader . To unify our party , to lead our country and put our traditional values in a modern setting . ''
The guillotine choke experienced something of a renaissance in MMA over the last two years . Fightmetric 's numbers demonstrate that while guillotine attempts have declined , the number of guillotines being finished and the success rate of fighters attempting guillotines are at an all-time high .
Part I explored the invitations of grips and understanding of how to apply choking pressure that have taken place in the last ten years in both sport grappling and MMA , the 'no arm ' guillotine . It also explored how that knowledge has become more widespread through out the sport . A by-product of this is that new ways to guillotine are being developed . One new grip that deserves special attention is the 'arm-in ' guillotine .
Just ten years ago , the common wisdom in both MMA and Brazilian Jiu-Jistu circles was the could not finish an arm-in guillotine . However the Renzo Gracie Academy developed a reliable and repeatable method to finish the choke against high level opponents several years ago and use of the submission has been growing ever since .
In 2015 eight arm-in guillotines were finished , six from the guard and two from top position , making it the most successful single guillotine grip in the year of the guillotine . The ability to finish comes from understanding how to apply that proper finishing pressure discussed above , despite the opponent 's arm also being in the choke .
To help explain that here is a video by Renzo Gracie Black Belt and guillotine wiz Anthony Buckwitz demonstrating the basics of finishing an arm-in guillotine :
It is important to note how this choke is finished with a crunch like monition , not a large back arch , and that Buckwitz favors a side and is not flat on their back . The rotation of bringing the elbow towards the knee brings the head down into the choke , as opposed to just trying to power squeeze the finish which often just tries to pull the arm up into the neck . Notice that while Buckwitz takes the head down towards their hips , their shoulders and hands high and tight , not letting their hands slip down towards their waist and a abdominal crunching motion that brings the elbow and hips together . This is a key detail that takes a lot of the effort out of the choke .
While it is normally taught the that angle is achieved by bring the opponent 's head to the mat , the angle can also be achieved by putting the head in the air .
Here are two quick examples of Warlley Alves ( 1 ) and John Lineker ( 2 ) of finishing the arm-in guillotine with the head in the air . In both instances notice how broken the posture of the opponent is and how their head is being forced down into the hip of the choker .
One of the defenses is to put the choker flat on their back and deny them this angle , and begin to stack them to try to take pressure off the head and neck . As the arm-in guillotine has seen more use in the last five years in both sport grappling and MMA , athletes and coaches are finding ways to apply the desired pressure without finding the angle .
Here is Paragon BJJ black belt belt Jeff Glover showing details on a straight-on finish to the choke , notice again the use of the shoulder to apply pressure to the head and the hip monition to get power out of an arching back .
The straight on finish of the arm-in choke became increasing common in 2015 , accounting for half of the six arm-in guillotines finished from the back . The highest profile example being from Fabricio Werdum 's submission of Cain Velasquez at UFC 188 .
Cain stacked Werdum , drove their hips up and forward and put Werdum on their shoulders in an attempt to loosen up the choke . Notice that the base of Cain 's neck is visible as Werdum 's arm and shoulder are pushing down on the crown of Cain 's head , forcing it down towards Werdum 's hips . Werdum 's hips are up off the mat , and their legs driving Cain away , and their hands are high and tight under Cain 's neck . Cain 's base collapses , their posture breaks as their head is forced down and they beings to tap .
Another benefit of the arm-in guillotine is that it can transition easily into larger front head lock chains attacks as the opponent attempts to defend or move their head out of danger . While the head can often slip out the fighter can maintain the strong overhook position which leads into the D'Arce and Anaconda Chokes very well . For an example here is Renzo Gracie black belt , ADCC medalist and former UFC fighter Ricardo Almeida teaching one attack off of an arm-in guillotine .
The rise in the arm-in 's popularity is likely also due to the ever evolving MMA metagame , which is currently heavily focused on cage grappling . The cage is used as a base to defend takedowns , a place to pin opponents , or an anchor to use to get back to the feet , and in those situations a strong overhook is often a valuable tool to be employed . The underhook is actually a strong position to start with when looking for the arm-in guillotine because when the head gets encircled the grip can be secured and the choking can begin . So it follows that as fighters are making more and more use of strong overhooks from the clinch that the arm-in guillotine , a natural submission from those positions , would become more common .
Part III of the series will delve more deeply into how the increased use of the guillotine is a response to openings in the current MMA metagame . To close with Matheus Nicolau Pereira finished the first Japanese Necktie in UFC history this past year in their match with Bruno `` Korea '' Rodrigues , which is another submission that can come off of a strong overhook . As a result it can be attacked from top position and pairs very nicely with an arm-in guillotine , D'Arce , and anaconda front head lock chain . They could become a more common sight in higher level MMA , so here is the BJJ Scout 's excellent breakdown of the submission .
A special thank you to Rami Genauer of Fightmetric for their help finding submission totals and answering my most inane questions
By Ayman al-Zawahiri , Al-Qaeda Leader
I 've been looking through PreOccupied Territory , but I find that it lacks one important feature : a “ feedback ” or “ contact us ” link that would enable my organization or its affiliates to threaten violent death to the site personnel , since the site publishes material that can be construed as portraying our stream of political Islam in a negative light .
There is certainly a “ submit ” link at the top right for those who wish to suggest a tag line or article of their own , but that is not quite what is called for . What we seek is a dedicated path to contacting the site administrators or editors directly to warn them of impending vengeful death , and not having to dress up our message as content . Submitting content would imply an endorsement of PreOccupied Territory 's accursed methods and structure , an implication that would compromise the holy principles by which we live and wish to bring to all humankind at the point of the sword .
Other media outlets grasped this point long ago . The New York Times , for example , has multiple channels for receiving death threats ; they even accept packages containing mysterious white powder – not that we would do such a thing to an organization that uncritically parrots the anti-Israel rhetoric of “ occupation. ” I am not suggesting anything of the sort . I do not suggest . I issue directives . And I direct you , the site administrators , whoever you are , to facilitate this essential act of communication . It would be most unbecoming , bordering on the unjust , for us simply to bomb your offices . One warning at least should be sufficient .
You hide behind your cloak of anonymity , but the tidal wave of Islamic justice will sweep that away like so many withered gharqad leaves . Did we not infiltrate airline security on that fateful September day thirteen years ago ? Did we not prove that mighty towers can not protect the infidel from the flaming sword of retribution ? So you think we will be dissuaded because we can not click on a mailto to apprise you of your imminent arrival in Hell ? We , who hid in the mountains of Tora-Bora , are patient . We know you will come around .
And when you do , our fingers will be waiting .
× Atheists sue Lehigh County over “ offensive ” Latin Cross seal
A national foundation dedicated to separation of state and church filed a federal lawsuit against Lehigh County this week . They claim the Latin cross found on the county seal and flag is offensive .
Four local residents , and The Freedom From Religion Foundation , first complained about the seal in November 2014 . Then again , atheists opposed its message , in January of last year , creating “ a minor firestorm , ” according to the foundation . Lehigh County first adopted the county seal in 1944 .
Lehigh County Board of Commissioners responded to the group in March 2015 . Board members noted , “ The cross , one of more than a dozen elements , was included to honor the original settlers of Lehigh County , who were Christian . ”
According to the foundation , a supporter of the Latin cross said , “ It 's do-or-die time . Stand up and live our national motto , ‘ In God We Trust . ' And Jesus ' words ‘ fear not ' should give you strength to win one for the cross . The people of the state 's prayers are with you . Go with God in your effort to prevail over this clear and present evil . ”
The back and forth led to the group 's filing of the federal lawsuit . Representatives of the foundation said they “ find the presence of the cross on the seal representing the entire county to be exclusionary and offensive , as the cross endorses Christianity and does not reflect the diversity of the population . ”
Stephen Meholic , David Simpson , John Berry and Candace Winkler , who joined the lawsuit , endorsed the claim that Lehigh County is violating the First and 14th Amendments of the U.S. Constitution . The foundation wrote in a statement , the purpose of the Latin cross is religious , not secular , and it “ has the primary effect of both advancing religion and expressing defendant 's preference for Christianity above all other religions and nonreligion . ”
The plaintiffs said the “ exclusionary ” seal is displayed on governmental property and documents , such as on letterhead , numerous official county forms and reports , the county 's website , a display in the Board of Commissioners meeting room , and even on flags prominently displayed at the entrance of county buildings .
“ Lehigh County is not a Christian county , it should be equally welcoming to all its citizens regardless of their religion or their reject of religion . A redesign to comply with the Constitution is imperative , ” said foundation co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor .
The federal lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania .
Guest post by David Middleton
Whether dismissing global warming as a hoax , questioning humanity 's role in it , exaggerating the unknowns , playing down the urgency of action , or playing up the costs , President Donald Trump and their team have served up every flavor of climate denial . Although the arguments varied—as if they were different shades or stages of denial—they all served the same purpose : to create an exaggerated sense of dispute in order to bolster a case against decisive climate action . The latest gambit is to avoid the subject entirely . In their announcement last week that they would pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate agreement , Trump did n't bother addressing… [ blah , blah , blah ] … [ … ] In Trump 's retelling , the negotiators of the Paris deal were not grappling with a planetary crisis… [ they were n't ] … [ … ] To help understand the arguments , we have developed a guide to what the science says about the five types of climate denial we 've heard from Trump , their team , and their supporters , and how each served as a stepping stone on the path of a retreat from Paris . ‘ It 's Not Real ' The deepest shade of denial—outright rejection of global warming—is embodied by Trump 's infamous 2012 tweet that called global warming a Chinese plot to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive . [ … ] To the hard-core unbelievers , climate scientists are conspirators in it for the grant money . They are not to be trusted , deputy national security adviser K.T . McFarland suggested last month by giving Trump a print-out of a purported 1970s TIME magazine cover predicting a coming ice age . ( The cover is an internet fake that has been circulating for years . It was cited last year by White House strategist Stephen Bannon in a radio interview they did while running the conservative media outlet Breitbart . ) [ … ] Inside Climate News
[ Bracketed , bold , red = my comments ]
Debunking Shade # 1
Technically , as a “ luke warmer , ” I wo n't address the totality of Shade # 1 . I will just debunk Ms. Lavelle 's smarmy psuedo-intellectual handling of the 1970 's global cooling scare .
Well , I suppose that Ms. Lavelle is correct that a 1970 's TIME magazine cover did not predict “ another ice age. ” The prediction ( sort of prediction ) was from a 1974 TIME magazine article…
The full text of the article can be accessed through Steve Goddard 's Real Science .
TIME , like most of the mainstream-ish media , has acted like a climate weathervane over the years…
Dan Gainor compiled a great timeline of media alarmism ( both warming and cooling ) in their Fire and Ice essay .
Then there was Newsweek…
And who could ever forget Leonard Nimoy 's 1977 narration of In Search of The Coming Ice Age ?
While the 1977 TIME cover was a fake , this 1975 magazine cover and article were very real :
Energy and Climate : Studies in Geophysics was a 1977 National Academies publication . It featured what appears to be the same temperature graph , clearly demonstrating a mid-20th century cooling trend…
The mid-20th Century cooling trend is clearly present in the instrumental record , at least in the northern hemisphere…
Why are people like Ms. Lavelle so obsessed with denying this ? Is the mid-20th century cooling period so “ inconvenient ” that it has to be erased from history like the Medieval Warm Period ?
So , in accusing K. T. McFarland of Shade # 1 of Climate Denial , Ms. Lavelle engaged in climate denial… Irony is so ironic !
The Other Shades of Climate Denial
Debunking Shade # 2 “ It 's Not Our Fault ”
It 's not all our fault . The mythical 97 % consensus only asserts that it 's at least half our fault . We certainly could be responsible for some of the warming that has occurred over the past 150 years . The point is that the warming observed in the instrumental temperature record does n't significantly deviate from the pre-existing Holocene pattern of climate change…
Over the past 2,000 years , the average temperature of the northern hemisphere has exceeded natural variability ( +/-2 std dev ) 3 times : The Medieval Warm Period , the Little Ice Age and the modern warming . Humans did n't cause at least two of the three and the current one only exceeds natural variability by about 0.2 C. And this is a maximum , because the instrumental data have much higher resolution than the proxy data .
Debunking Shade # 3 “ It 's Too Uncertain ”
Uhmmmm… It * is * too uncertain .
Debunking Shade # 4 “ It 's Not Urgent ”
Melting icebergs are NOT beheading Christians in the Middle East . For that matter , all icebergs eventually melt… While no Christians ever get beheaded without someone else doing the beheading , except in very rare and bizarre accidents .
Not only is it not urgent . It is steadily becoming less urgent :
“ It 's About Jobs ”
It 's not just about jobs . This is what Vice President Pence actually said in context :
The White House Office of the Vice President For Immediate Release June 01 , 2017 Remarks by the Vice President Introducing President Trump 's Statement on the Paris Accord The Rose Garden 3:29 P.M. EDT THE VICE PRESIDENT : Good afternoon . Secretary Mnuchin , Secretary Ross , EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt , members of Congress , distinguished guests , on behalf of the First Family , welcome to the White House . ( Applause . ) It 's the greatest privilege of my life to serve as Vice President to a President who is fighting every day to make America great again . Since the first day of this administration , President Donald Trump has been working tirelessly to keep the promises that they made to the American people . President Trump has been reforming healthcare , enforcing our laws , ending illegal immigration , rebuilding our military . And this President has been rolling back excessive regulations and unfair trade practices that were stifling American jobs . Thanks to President Trump 's leadership , American businesses are growing again ; investing in America again ; and they 're creating jobs in this country instead of shipping jobs overseas . Thanks to President Donald Trump , America is back . ( Applause . ) And just last week we all witnessed the bold leadership of an American President on the world stage , putting America first . From the Middle East , to Europe , as leader of the free world , President Trump reaffirmed historic alliances , forged new relationships , and called on the wider world to confront the threat of terrorism in new and renewed ways . And by the action , the President will announce today , the American people and the wider world will see once again our President is choosing to put American jobs and American consumers first . Our President is choosing to put American energy and American industry first . And by their action today , President Donald Trump is choosing to put the forgotten men and women of America first . So with gratitude for their leadership — ( applause ) — and admiration for their unwavering commitment to the American people , it is now my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce to all of you , the President of the United States of America , President Donald Trump . ( Applause . ) END 3:31 P.M. EDT
President Donald Trump is the President of these United States of America . They took the following oath of office :
“ I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . ”
Since the Paris climate agreement was effectively a treaty and the prior occupant of the Office of President of the United States failed to submit it to the Senate for ratification , the only way President Trump could uphold their oath of office was to either withdraw from the agreement or submit it to the Senate where is would not be ratified .
That said , President Trump campaigned on the promise to put America , including American industry and energy , first .
Advertisements
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
What Happened When The New York Times Tried To Profile Marissa Mayer
Stewart Ugelow Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 22 , 2014
Sunday 's New York Times Magazine has a long profile of Marissa Mayer 's turnaround efforts at Yahoo called “ What Happened When Marissa Mayer Tried to Be Steve Jobs . ”
And I 'm furious . Because this is tech journalism at its sexist worst .
Mayer is criticized for personally approving every hire . But it never mentions that Larry Page does exactly the same thing at Google . She 's blasted for hiring COO Henrique de Castro who they forced out 15 months later . But when Tim Cook hired John Browett to run Apple 's retail operations and then fired them after only 6 months , they were praised for owning their mistake . The article describes the tenure of AOL CEO Tim Armstrong , their counterpart in a potential merger , this way : “ After a rough start , Armstrong has managed to get AOL 's stock going again , not by inventing some new consumer product but by optimizing its ad and media assets. ” Maybe the author never heard about Armstrong 's network of local sites called Patch , a “ new consumer product ” that lost as much as $ 300 million before AOL sold it in January ? And then there 's the unforgivable sin : Marissa Mayer has managed to increase mobile advertising revenues from $ 125 million when they started to a projected $ 1.2 * billion * this year . In fact , Yahoo is widely expected to overtake Twitter in mobile ad share in 2015 .
Sadly , you wo n't read about it here . As a former journalist , I find it incredibly embarrassing that even with all the awareness of how skewed the workplace is for women in tech , articles like these still make it into print . It 's unacceptable and has to change .
P.S . The article actually has nothing to do with Steve Jobs .
Ride on “ Nowhere ” Mark Gardener and Andy Bell on 1990 's Shoegaze Classic
Issue # 47 - September/October 2013 - MGMT
Arguably second only to My Bloody Valentine 's Loveless , Ride 's Nowhere is now revered as one of the shoegaze era 's best albums .
Ride formed in Oxford in the summer of 1988 . Guitarists/vocalists Mark Gardener and Andy Bell and drummer Laurence Colbert met as students at art school . They recruited their bass player Steve Queralt through their local record shop . It was through their job there they discovered many of the band 's contemporary influences .
`` Early on in Ride , it was Spacemen 3 , House of Love , My Bloody Valentine , Loop , Sonic Youth , Dinosaur Jr. , The Fall , Pixies , and Stone Roses , '' says Bell . `` As well as older stuff like The Beatles , Stones , the Velvets , and the Stooges . ''
`` Steve was finding records straight away from people like Loop and the early My Bloody Valentine albums , '' says Gardener . `` Ultra Vivid Scene , even . People like that , when we heard those records , they started to influence us . It was current music that we thought was really breaking new ground . ''
An early demo tape caught the ear of The Jesus and Mary Chain 's Jim Reid , who recommended them to Creation Records founder Alan McGee . They released three EPs for the label over nine months in 1990 and became the label 's first major chart successes .
`` Every time we came back to a town , we were playing a bigger venue , '' remembers Bell . `` We got signed after six shows and there were a few major labels after us , it was a bit of a whirlwind . ''
`` At the time it felt normal , because that 's all we knew , '' says Gardener .
In the autumn of the same year , Ride put out their debut LP , Nowhere . With its layers of bright distortion and indomitable hooks , the album was a hit , charting high in the U.K. and landing on top of many critics ' best-of-the-year lists . Over time , it would be considered a classic .
`` I love Nowhere and I 'm really proud of it , '' says Bell . `` I do find it hard to listen to , though , because my vocals are n't that strong . Sometimes I think I 'd like to go back in time and spend more time getting the vocals in tune and sounding better . But I 'm sure that would spoil it for the people who love the record as it is . ''
`` I 'd probably want to re-sing a few things , or make the album a little less treble-y at times , but at the end of day , if someone said , 'Here it is , go and do your thing , ' I would n't touch it , '' says Gardener .
Much of the record 's lasting appeal can be attributed to the catchy pop songwriting that gives the layered instrumentals a solid foundation .
`` Probably more so than the Valentines or some of the influences we had around that time , we did sort of fuse that more [ pop ] into the noise , and I think that really worked for us in a big way , '' Gardener agrees .
`` I think that underneath the shoegazing sound , there is a classic rock band structure holding everything together , '' says Bell . `` If anything gives the music longevity , it 's probably that . ''
They followed Nowhere up in early 1992 with Going Blank Again , a classic in its own right . Ride started to shift away from the shoegaze sound from this point , starting with 1994 's Carnival of Light , and a combination of exhaustion and growing tension between principal songwriters Gardener and Bell led to the band 's deteriorating .
`` We never really had a proper break , and not enough proper fights , '' says Gardener . `` A lot of stuff brewed under the surface in that sort of great English stupid thing of stiff upper lips . Nonsense where we could have probably just had a couple good fights and sorted things out . ''
`` We were young , that 's the main reason , '' says Bell , discussing the band 's split shortly before the release of their final record , Tarantula , in 1996 . `` Looking back now , the reasons for the problems we had seem obvious , and they could have been sorted easily . But it 's very hard to look at a situation objectively from the inside . I had some issues towards the end , which I think made me a bit defensive and difficult with the rest of the band . I 'm definitely older and wiser these days , maybe because of all that . ''
These days , Gardener is a successful producer with their own studio ; he 's currently working on a collaborative record with The Cocteau Twins ' Robin Guthrie . Bell was part of Oasis ' final lineup , and now plays guitar in Beady Eye . Though both artists are busy with their new projects , they look back on their Ride years with fondness .
`` In the end , time is a great test for anything , '' says Gardener . `` I can now hear Ride records fresh , and I 'm a fan now . They sound really good . I get it . I hear and appreciate that music . It 's sacred to me , you know ? And I think it is to all the guys . I think we did something really special together . ''
He 's also humble about their legacy .
`` Ride sold something like 20,000 albums last year , and that 's crazy ! '' they say . `` Who 's buying that ? We have n't been operating as a band for maybe 20 years . I never quite get it , but it 's good . ''
[ This article first appeared in Under the Radar 's September/October 2013 issue . ]
Christians left homeless due to devastating flooding in Pakistan have been offered an unacceptable choice by Muslim charities providing for victims : convert to Islam or become bonded servants , essentially a form of modern-day slavery .
The choice come with the Pakistani government 's alleged decision to ignore the suffering of the country 's Christian communities .
`` When it comes to responding to the flooding of Christian communities , the government seems to back off . Whereas with Muslim communities they respond immediately as do the Muslim charities , '' said Wilson Chowdhry , the president of the British Pakistani Christian Association speaking to The Christian Post .
Chowdhry added that `` is not unusual for the government to overlook helping the Christian communities . '' In addition , the government has not built the proper infrastructure to prevent this type of damage , even though the region is known for severe flooding , they said .
Floods that hit the Kasur region in Pakistan this summer washed away thousands of homes , including those of more than 60 Christian families . While the Muslims left homeless were provided with temporary shelter , clean water and food by the government and Muslim charities , the Christians were not .
Chowdhry said the Christians were told to renounce their religion and convert to Islam if they wanted to receive aid , a choice they rejected . They were offered the option of receiving aid if they became bonded servants to the Muslims .
`` We arrived very late . We first went to Layyah and Gilgit where flooding was most severe , but if we had arrived in Kasur seven days earlier , there could have been more lives that we potentially could have saved from this modern-day slavery , '' Chowdhry said . `` Several families have already now signed contracts , which have now made them slaves for their Muslim landlords . ''
Although Chowdhry 's organization is stepping in to help the families , the organization has limited resources as do the churches in Pakistan .
For more on persecution of Christians and other minorities here 's a sneak peek of our upcoming movie Faithkeepers .
Late August 2013 , my music was stolen , rebranded , and sold across every major music store and streaming service online . Over 150 instances were found on sites like iTunes and Spotify , and countless more appeared on illegal networks . I felt trapped , suffocated by the enormity of things . Still , with a lot of effort , I managed to take back most of what was mine , and thanks to the kindness of others , even come out ahead .
If you 're a creator , I pray you never find yourself here , but if you do , here 's my story and how you can fight back .
The Music Stolen
I 've spent a lot of time deliberating over music . I lost a decade to tinkering because I lacked confidence .
Over the years , I 've started hundreds of projects and canned just as many . There 's always been a disconnect between what I imagined and what I made . Nothing made the cut .
Come 2012 , I had enough . I was determined to make my start in music , but I knew I had a skill deficit to overcome .
To close the gap , I began fiftytwocreatives , a project where I would start and finish a unique creative concept every week – often musical in nature – and release it publicly each Sunday .
The project proved fruitful . After much studying and grinding , I learned the skills I needed to actualize my ideas . Once slow and uncertain , I became fluid and sure . One concept in particular , “ Into Ether ” , was very dear to me . A floaty , piano-driven piece with a dubstep-inspired crescendo , spurred on an collection of songs which ultimately became my inaugural release , “ Into Ether EP ” .
It was simple , and it was flawed , but it was something I could be proud of .
And then it was taken from me .
The Notice
On August 24th , after spending two months in Asia , I was greeted with several copyright notices from YouTube .
“ Curious , ” I whispered to myself .
I checked the warnings . Marked by Kontor New Media , I was told my uploads infringed on tracks by someone named “ Joseph Ti ” .
“ Probably a false flag , ” I thought .
A nervous search for Joseph Ti brought me to Beatport . Familiar-sounding titles filled the charts .
I gritted my teeth , “ Into The Deep ? No … ”
With a deep breath , I reached for the play button . Those familiar chords played out . It was Into Ether .
My eyes widened . My stomach churned . The world span beneath me .
This was n't someone borrowing a melody or a progression . This was my music verbatim , stripped from somewhere , renamed , and sold .
“ Uncharted ” became “ Tomorrow ” .
“ Aeolus ” became “ Voice of the Wind ” .
“ Into Ether ” became “ Into the Deep ” .
“ Halcyon ” became “ Impassive ” .
“ Aeolus ” already means wind . “ Into the Deep ” – really ? And Joseph Ti ? They did n't even try to cover this .
I was livid . Seething . Even now , I feel my lunch moving up my throat .
I went on a hunt for Joseph Ti , but to no avail . They had my music everywhere , but they were only a name . They are n't real , a ghost alias used to rip me off .
I had to fight back , but I had no target . I searched for him , starting from the bottom : the stores .
Fighting Back : The Approach and Preparation
Before I dive in , know that kindness is king . While you need to be firm with what you want , understand that the stores , labels , distributors , and any others in between are not at fault . It 's in their best interest to avoid litigation and they will likely help where they can .
Documentation will save you time and heartache . Should this ever befall you , you have to prove your claim . If you 're not keeping records and securing your work in permanent , public , time-stamped mediums , please start now .
My proof lay with YouTube . Thankfully , I used each song in a series of pre-release videos . Each upload had an unmoveable date of publication preceding all plagiarized instances by several months . Whether or not these would hold in court , I can not say , but they helped establish that I was the rightful owner with the intermediaries .
Come infringement , scour Google and log every instance of plagiarism you find . Search for the artist and song title in quotation marks ( e.g . “ Joseph Ti ” “ Into The Deep ” ) for exact results . Collect as much information as you can about the infringement ( including , but not exclusive to ) song titles , artist names , album titles , and associated labels ; companies will also require the URLs of the infringing content for takedowns to happen .
Before you contact anyone , take screenshots of all offending content as these listings will change once takedowns are processed . Screen Capture for Google Chrome and FireShot for Firefox are both simple , free tools that will get the job done .
Fighting Back : YouTube
YouTube was my biggest worry as its support processes are automated . Disputes are siloed down specific paths , whether or not they fit that course . I feared my case would get stuck in limbo without resolution .
I filed my counter notification ( which is delivered to the claiming party ) , but to be doubly sure , I approached Kontor New Media myself .
Three emails were answered with silence . Moving to a public forum , a Facebook post was met quickly with assurances that all would be solved , but it was n't until my fourth letter that my notice was acknowledged and resolved . Thankfully , one of their junior staff reached out and helped me remove the material from YouTube 's Content ID system , albeit a painful 19 days after my first notice .
If you end up in dispute with Kontor or another large distributor , be persistent and try them on public channels . Sometimes , when inboxes get full , social media is the better way to get attention .
Fighting Back : The Stores and Streamers
It often gets a bad rap , but the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( better known as the DMCA ) is amazing . Although it 's a US standard , this template was accepted internationally . For most sites , the offending material was removed within days of sending the notice . For others , I 'm still waiting , but having the tool sped things along greatly .
Once you 've filled in the template , you 'll need to find the right department . For American sites , there 's a comprehensive list of copyright departments . iTunes has its own proprietary form . For international sites , you 'll often find them at [ email protected ] [ domain ] .com or [ email protected ] [ domain ] .com . If not there , general channels can often pass you along to the right person .
When sending takedown requests , ask who distributed the music and about any royalties accrued . Stores and streaming services seldom deal directly with artists , but instead use intermediaries called distributors to streamline the process . Stores and streamers can help you determine financial damages , but it 'll be the distributors who can help you find your thief .
* You guys should know that iTunes and Deezer are awesome . I ca n't name specifics about iTunes , but Deezer 's Justin Erdman made a point to make sure everything was taken care of while they were on vacation . So grateful for them !
Fighting Back : The Distributors
As with the stores , each distributor was sent a DMCA notice , tailored to the releases they handled . Each was kind and quick to act , sending another wave of takedowns from their side . The number of plagiarized instances finally began to dwindle .
While each distributor was helpful , Proton SoundSystem , or more specifically , its CEO , Jason Wohlstadter , went above and beyond . Jason took the time to walk me through the situation , introduce me to the offending parties , and set up an account to assign me any misaligned royalties . Even now , they continue to help me with takedowns .
Your mileage may vary , but if you can find a Jason to back you up , your work will be much easier . Be sure to ask questions at this junction ; the distributors are likely what separates you from the offending parties and will know them and the situation best . Should you pursue litigation , you should find out as much as you can .
Fighting Back : The Pirates
With stores and distributors closing the gap on both ends , I was eager to end this debacle , but then came the pirate sites .
Unlike the legitimate services , few ( if any ) piracy sites acknowledge takedown notices . Even if they had , there were too many to deal with . Thankfully , there are automated processes .
Topple Track – a system that does the heavy lifting for crushing pirated material – managed all of the underground links distributing the infringements . At the time of writing , they have removed 131 pirated copies . Instances of Joseph Ti still appear in search , but the numbers have decreased appreciably .
Thankfully , all was n't dark on the file sharing front ; I managed to find a handful of new fans on YouTube .
During my search , I found a small group who uploaded videos under Joseph Ti . I gently explained my situation to them and everyone responded with love . Most removed their videos , but a few opted to rename their clips instead , pointing to my channels and sending folks my way . Very cool of them .
The Aftermath
The hard truth is that Joseph Ti is still out there – and likely will be forever . Spotify ( removed ! ) , Shazam ( in process ) , 7 Digital ( removed ! ) , and Musicload ( removed ! ) still list plagiarized content . Last.fm continues to track scrobbles . Pirates perpetuate the spread of mislabeled material .
Folks have suggested that I could have registered my copyright to avoid this situation . In Canada , copyright is automatic as soon as someone hits save . Sadly , that registration did n't offer anything for prevention , but it could have helped in litigation , should I have chosen to pursue it .
While it 's frustrating that so much is left , my fight is over . Most instances on legitimate sites have been shuttered . My music , now properly named , has taken Joseph Ti 's place in stores , streamers , and YouTube 's systems .
While it 's not the happiest ending , at least there 's a semblance of closure . Thank you again to all of the brilliant , kind-hearted people who helped me through this . I 'm so lucky to have you guys !
The Post-Reddit Update ( 2013/11/22 )
I 've never seen my server seize up the way it did last night . You guys hit it hard ! Thank you all for your kindness and support ! I spent many hours optimizing things , so we should have smooth ( er ) sailing from here .
There 've been a lot of great comments coming out of social channels , and there are a few recurring themes I want to tackle :
That 's horrible and this is why I do n't post my work ! Someone will steal it !
It 's scary , but even after being on the receiving end , I can still say with full confidence that you should still share your work . I 'm a photographer , too ; misappropriation happens a lot .
The truth is that we 're going to get hurt , if not by theft , than by rejection or any number of other things . You know what though ? We have missions to fulfill . They can rob us of our work , but if we never put things out there , then they 've robbed us of our purpose , and that 's so much worse . We need to move forward .
It 's just one blip . I moved beyond it and so can you !
I bet you 're not the only one this has happened to .
No , I 'm not . Some folks have reached out sharing similar stories ; most never got closure . Then there are all of the compilations Joseph Ti appeared on :
Astrolabe Chill 02
Bora Bora Chill
Bora Bora Beach Chill
Chillout Session 04
Chillout Session 05
Chillout Shock 11
Everest Relax 02
Moonlight Chill
Moonlight Chill 03
Moonlight Chill 04
Moonlight Chill Vol 02
Slow Time 05
The Best of Chillstep 2013
Top 20 Chillstep
Top 30 Fresh Chillout
TOP25 Chill Emotion
Tracks For Your Listening Pleasure 015
Tracks For Your Listening Pleasure 016
… published by these labels :
Astrolabe Recordings
Aventuel
Cartoon Fresh
Easy Summer
Litova Records
Magnetic United
Slowmore
Somnambulist Records
Sunboom
“ Tracks For Your Listening Pleasure 015 ” – really ? That just screams cash grab . I ca n't say if it 's all fraudulent material , but I can verify I 'm not the only one in there under someone else 's name .
How much money did Joseph Ti make off your music ?
I 'm afraid I only have a partial picture of that . Some storefronts provided royalty statements , but not all . Same for the distributors . It was n't $ 5 as some might have guessed , but it 's also not a figure I 'm losing sleep over . The real loss here comes from brand damage . Even if I never recover a single penny , I 'm okay – but I 'm going to shut down as much of this as I can !
You should have registered your copyright before posting it online !
In Canada , creative works are automatically registered for copyright as soon as one affixes their creation to a physical or digital medium . Registering helps in proving ownership , but it does n't protect me from brazen cash grabs like this . It 's more reactionary than defensive . That said , if I was to litigate , that registration would help !
What I should have done from the start – and did as soon as I could – was distributed my material to the larger stores ( although the album was always on Bandcamp ) , streaming services , and Content ID . I think visibility and reach would have been the best defense .
Did you ever find Joseph Ti ? What are you going to do with him ?
I did ! – or at least , the person collecting the royalties . I was told revenues for “ Joseph Ti ” were assigned to this individual instead of a label manager , which is a very unusual practice . Still , I do n't know for certain , and I 'm reluctant to name parties without unshakable evidence . I do n't want to ruin someone just because I 'm 99.5 % sure they screwed me over .
As far as lawsuits go , I wo n't be pursuing litigation . This comment summarizes my thoughts well .
You should keep your project files as proof of ownership .
Very true ! I actually made a point to the stores , streamers , and distributors that I was the sole holder of the project files in each takedown request . These files were also in email backups long before the material went live . I did n't have to use them , but had this case gone further , they could have helped to prove ownership .
We want to hear your music on our favourite sites ! Maybe even for free ?
And I 'd gladly oblige ! Here 's a list of major sites you can find my work on , most of which offer full , unlimited streams :
The Post-Media Update ( 2014/01/17 )
The ball keeps rolling ! Since this post went up , I 've had a chance to talk on television via Steele on Your Side with Lynda Steele on CTV News British Columbia and on radio via The Shift with Mike Mike Eckford on CKNW . A giant thank you to Marc Smith for making the connections !
For the readers who prefer French , The Pink Beaver from France was kind enough to translate an interview as well .
It Happened Again ( 2016/02/11 )
I ca n't believe I 'm saying this , but it happened again . Same songs stolen . Same aliases used . Same party sending it out to distributors . Thankfully iTunes and Spotify are on their game and resolution 's come swiftly , but the gall of this person . I need to find a way to send a strong message , but I need to do it tactfully and kindly . It 's hard .
There 's a hulking heap of nostalgia rumbling along Toronto 's waterfront this summer . The TTC is reviving its vintage maroon-and-cream streetcars on Queen 's Quay W. every Sunday from Victoria Day to Labour Day , and the rides are free .
The TTC 's vintage streetcar takes its first journey of the season along Queen 's Quay . It will run every Sunday until Labour Day . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) Les Crockett took their first TTC ride in the 1930s . Here they take a ride on vintage streetcar . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star ) TTC streetcar expert Mark Krajewski . The TTC 's vintage streetcar number 4500 takes its first journey of the season along Queen 's Quay . ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star )
For nearly six decades , these Presidents ' Conference Committee streetcars carried countless Torontonians around the city . “ We grew up on these kinds of cars , ” said Les Crockett , who started riding the TTC in the 1930s . A true public transit buff , Crockett can remember a time when streetcars would lose their connection to the overhead cables , each time they turned around at a service loop .
Article Continued Below
They can even recall the days before evening rush hour meant jam-packed streetcars “ I would hop on with the driver , ” Crocket said . “ After 5 p.m. there 'd be nobody ( else ) . He 'd say ‘ Come on for a couple of rides . It 's kind of lonely . ' ” The Presidents ' Conference Committee Cars , more commonly called PCCs , stuck around for so long that even TTC riders several generations younger than Crocket can remember the model from their youth . Mark Krajewski rode the PCC as a boy , growing up in the1980s . Today they work at the Halton County Radial Railway museum of streetcars in Milton , Ont . On Sunday Krajewski was on the PCC regaling riders with facts from the car 's history .
“ These were the backbone of Toronto from 1938 to 1995 , ” they said . “ The citizens of Toronto got their first look at the PCC at the 1938 Canadian National Exhibition , where there were two cars on display . ”
Article Continued Below
The ride is a little bumpier than the modern-day commute . “ When you 're driving around , it bounces up and down , it jerks a lot more , it does n't have that nice smooth glide , ” said TTC driver Witto Dela Riva , as they piloted the PCC through traffic . “ But it 's a nice car . Everybody looks for this car . Cars will stop and ( drivers ) will take pictures. ” The TTC put its first PCC cars on the St. Clair line in 1938 . By 1957 , there were 745 of the cars , running on the majority of the TTC 's streetcar routes . After a rebuild of nearly 200 PCCs in the 1970s , the TTC kept the Depression-era streetcars on the road until 1995 , when the last 19 vehicles were retired . The transit commission has only two PCC streetcars left today . Since 2012 , the TTC has brought them back into service on Sundays in the summer . They can also be chartered for special events at over $ 1,800 for the minimum three hour rental , plus over $ 440 for every additional hour . The vintage streetcars will run along the 509 Harbourfront route , from Union Station to the Exhibition Place loop , between approximately noon and 5 p.m. every Sunday .
This week is the war of the manifestos . Labour has laid out its vision for Britain under Jeremy Corbyn while Theresa May has unveiled their first real policy pronouncements since their sudden coronation last summer .
Housing features prominently in both , with clear differences in promises , scope and detail , showing the ideological contrasts between May 's Conservatives and Labour under Corbyn .
Homelessness in England is soaring . It 's a scandal – but we can fix it | Dawn Foster Read more
When Labour MPs were battling to replace Ed Miliband as party leader , Corbyn laid out comprehensive plans for solving the housing crisis . Focusing not just on first-time buyers but the homeless and households struggling to pay rent , these ideas have been expanded in Labour 's manifesto . Labour promises to end rough sleeping within the next parliament , building 4,000 homes ring-fenced for people with a history of rough sleeping , and safeguarding homeless hostels and services . In addition , Labour notes that getting people off the streets is pointless without recognising and working to end the causes of homelessness : poor mental health , a lack of social security , low pay and insecure tenancies for the poorest and most vulnerable .
On homelessness , the Tories promise to halve rough sleeping in the next parliament , a commitment that essentially does nothing more than undo the harm already caused . Doing so would still leave more people on the streets than there were before they came into power . Under the Conservatives , rough sleeping has more than doubled . Scant on detail , May says the Tories will follow the Housing First model that has worked so well in Scandinavia , and implement the Homelessness Reduction Act . To do so , local authorities will need plenty of funding , both to build homes for those in need , and to keep services for rough sleepers open .
In the past five years , cuts to council funding have bitten hard , and housing and homelessness services are threatened across the country . With no funding commitments and a track record of boosting rather than ending rough sleeping , a near-certain Conservative victory is bad news for Britain 's homelessness crisis .
A near-certain Conservative victory is bad news for Britain 's homelessness crisis
Labour attacks the Conservatives ' record on council housing . At a time when private rents are rising faster than wages , right to buy and the looming forced sale of council housing has deepened the housing crisis . Focusing on first-time buyers ignores the fact that , for many people , buying is out of the question and even clinging to private rented accommodation is difficult .
Corbyn promises to end the bedroom tax and suspend right to buy unless councils can prove homes sold will be rebuilt on a one-for-one basis . Labour will also abolish the Tory policy denying housing benefit to 18- to 21-year-olds . Labour also promises to build a million homes in the next parliament if elected , with 100,000 council and housing association homes at a genuinely affordable rent set at local wage levels . This is a lower number than initially floated , but far higher than Conservative promises .
Forget the property ladder . We need housing rights for all | Dawn Foster Read more
From May , instead we have a promise of right to buy on steroids : a number of council homes built ( with no spending commitments ) that will be sold five years later . The Conservatives have already ended tenancies for life for council tenants , and now for the small number of people who will benefit from one of the new council homes , if they ca n't afford to buy their rented home at the end of the five-year period it will be sold off into the private sector .
It 's difficult to see this as anything other than a bung for private landlords , offering them more stock paid for by the government , at a time when some councils are being forced to pay way over the odds to rent back properties sold under right to buy .
May 's manifesto shows them complacency : for all the quiet mumblings about housing , there is no desire from the Conservatives to properly end the housing crisis . Too many of the Conservatives ' friends and fellow travellers benefit from high house prices and rents , and underlying everything is the staunch belief that if you ca n't afford to rent your home it is not because the market is rigged , but because of a personal failing that does not deserve to go unpunished . A Conservative victory looks like a near certainty : and so too , it follows , does the lingering of the housing crisis .
Sign up for your free Guardian Housing network newsletter with comment and sector views sent direct to you on the last Friday of the month . Follow us : @ GuardianHousing
Irish blood , English heart : second generation Irish musicians in England
Published in 20th-century / Contemporary History
In the recent excellent Why pamper life 's complexities ? Essays on the Smiths , co-edited by Seán Campbell and sociologist Colin Coulter , a recurring theme was the Irish heritage at the heart of the upbringing of members of the band . Those familiar with the politics and ideology of the band 's much-worshipped frontman , Morrissey , were undoubtedly not surprised by a letter from the singer which appeared in Hot Press magazine just prior to the recent royal visit to Ireland . ‘ The queen also has the power to give back the six counties to the Irish people , allowing Ireland to be a nation once again ' , they wrote , in a letter that lambasted the institution of monarchy . They are one of many English-born musicians of Irish lineage to do so . Who could forget the reaction to Paul McCartney and John Lennon 's respective singles on ‘ the Irish question ' ?
It is fitting that Seán Campbell 's most recent work , Irish blood , English heart , should take its title from a song of Morrissey 's . When they opened that song with the words ‘ Irish blood , English heart , this I 'm made of ' , they perfectly captured the dual identity of many in Britain . As Campbell notes in their prologue to the work , the book 's title serves to ‘ invoke the dilemma faced by second-generation Irish people , many of whom locate themselves as “ half-and-half ” ' . One finds a generation who felt neither British nor Irish , unsurprising in the political and social context of the period under examination , which is 1980s Britain . Johnny Marr of the Smiths is quoted as saying , ‘ I feel absolutely nothing when I see the Union Jack , except repulsion . . . and I do n't feel Irish either . I 'm Mancunian-Irish . '
The work focuses on three musical acts , analysing three very distinct styles , personas and backgrounds : the Smiths of Manchester ; Kevin Rowland 's Dexy 's Midnight Runners from the Midlands ; and the infamous London-Irish punks , the Pogues . Other high-profile figures of Irish lineage are mentioned , such as John Lydon of the Sex Pistols , a.k.a . Johnny Rotten .
As an examination of British society in the period , the work provides excellent sociological insight into how the children of Irish migrants saw themselves fitting into , or not fitting into , British life . Shane MacGowan of the Pogues was of the belief that the second-generation Irish of late 1970s London had been ‘ split down the middle , really heavily ' , with one set of youngsters unashamedly Irish in outlook and culture , while others merely wanted to fit in to the native youth culture . Questions are raised around issues of assimilation or lack thereof , and it is clear that an overwhelming sense of ‘ in-betweenness ' existed . As Campbell notes , terms and labels like ‘ plastic Paddy ' became derisive allusions to the ‘ perceived inauthenticity ' of the second-generation Irish . The second generation knew that they were very different from their parents and the native Irish . One of the strong points of Campbell 's work is their multidisciplinary approach and sources , and in a 1987 social geography essay on the Irish in London they find a quote which perhaps best sums up the mentality of this second generation , alien to both the English and Irish : ‘ Of course we know and enjoy Ireland , but London is our home , our city . We ca n't recreate a lost Ireland in the middle of 1980s London . '
The book brings political events of the period into context wonderfully , showing the emergence of strong anti-Irish feeling among sections of British society in response to the rise of paramilitary activity in Britain and Northern Ireland . As Philip Chevron of the Pogues would note , ‘ the only politics that counted in the London-Irish scene were the politics of being Irish in a place that was innately racist towards the Irish ' . Following campaigns from red-top tabloids , and the implementation of the Prevention of Terrorism Act in the wake of the Birmingham bombing , for a period it appeared that the Irish community as a whole was seen as suspect . As one critic noted of Kevin Rowland 's attempts to ‘ reconcile themselves with their Irish roots ' on the band 's classic ‘ Do n't Stand Me Down ' record , such out-and-out assertions of Irish pride or patriotism were ‘ perceived in England as tantamount to wearing a balaclava and carrying a machine gun ' .
Campbell has made great use of the archives of many influential music magazines , like Uncut , NME , Hot Press , Q , Melody Maker and other publications to the fore of youth and musical subculture in the UK and Ireland . It is within the pages of a much less mainstream publication , Sinn Féin 's An Phoblacht , that Campbell unearths a gem in the form of that publication 's praise for the Smiths : ‘ With names like that who could doubt their antecedents ? ' For a band often considered quintessentially British by many musical critics , Johnny Marr 's claim that ‘ The IRA wanted to get up and make some speeches before we went on ' during a tour of the North is a surreal insight into how their anti-establishment ethos was viewed by some republicans at home .
Migrant experience and feelings of alienation come to the fore in this work , a highly valuable study of the Irish diaspora and the often forgotten ‘ second generation ' in England . The book makes a strong and welcome contribution to cultural history and popular musical history , of course , but it triumphs within the field of Irish studies . It is perhaps a quote from Q magazine 's ‘ 100 Greatest British Albums ' special in 2000 that best captured the unusual nature of the Irish community . Including the Pogues among those featured , Q noted that ‘ being white of skin and Western European of culture , Britain 's Irish are the invisible immigrants ' .
When confronted by Melody Maker in 1985 on their Irish ethnicity , in response to the interviewer 's noting that ‘ you were born in England ' , Kevin Rowland retorted that ‘ just because you were born in a stable does n't make you a horse ' . Irish blood , English heart is a study of just some of the talented young musicians who emerged out of Britain 's largest migrant community yet lacked a clear sense of identity themselves . This sense of alienation and ‘ in-betweenness ' was to prove central to the work , and appeal , of these great musicians . HI
Donal Fallon is editor of ‘ Come Here To Me ' , a blog of Dublin life and culture , http : //comeheretome.com/ .
The Legionaries of Christ , an influential Roman Catholic religious order , have been shaken by new revelations that their founder , who died a year ago , had an affair with a woman and fathered a daughter just as they and their thriving conservative order were winning the acclaim of Pope John Paul II .
Before their death , the founder , the Rev . Marcial Maciel Degollado , had been forced to leave public ministry by Pope Benedict XVI because of accusations from more than a dozen men who said they had sexually abused them when they were students .
But most members of the Legion continued to defend Father Maciel , asserting that the accusations had not been proved . Father Maciel died in January 2008 at the age of 87 , and was buried in Mexico , where they were born .
Now the order 's general director , the Rev . Álvaro Corcuera , is quietly visiting its religious communities and seminaries in the United States and informing members that their founder led a double life , current and former Legionaries said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The order is not publicly confirming the details of the scandal .
Jim Fair , a spokesperson for the Legionaries , said only : “ We have learned some things about our founder 's life that are surprising and difficult for us to understand . We can confirm that there are some aspects of their life that were not appropriate for a Catholic priest . ”
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is planning a Thursday morning meeting with Latino and African-American activists at their Manhattan headquarters in Trump Tower . The activists are fellows from the Queens , N.Y. , office of the Republican Leadership Initiative , a program designed to train young , diverse recruits to be campaign field operatives .
Multiple GOP sources confirmed plans for the meeting and characterized it as part of Trump 's outreach efforts in the African-American and Latino communities . While the initiative is not solely focused on training minority activists , a source said the Queens office of the program is in a predominantly African-American and Latino area and has attracted its participants from the community .
An email circulated earlier in the day Tuesday indicated that former U.S. Rep. Bob Turner , current chairperson of the Queens County Republican Party , was helping to organize the event , which was initially set to take place in Queens . Turner told Yahoo News the event had subsequently shifted to Trump Tower and described it as part of Trump 's efforts to court Latino voters .
“ This is part of their Hispanic outreach , and I think they wanted to explain where they are and why they are a benefit to the Hispanic community , ” Turner said .
Trump 's speeches have recently included direct appeals to African-American and Latino voters , two Democratic-leaning groups in which Trump is deeply unpopular , according to polls . The brash real estate developer has sparked several controversies with their provocative comments and policy proposals on race-related topics .
Trump initially planned to give a speech in Denver this week on immigration policy , but it was reportedly canceled . Last weekend , Trump met with members of a Hispanic advisory council at Trump Tower . People who attended the event told BuzzFeed and Univision that Trump had softened one of their hard-line immigration positions , but the Trump campaign dismissed the reports and said Trump had n't altered their stance .
The Trump campaign declined to comment about their plans for the meeting on Thursday . One source said the roundtable would include Pierry Benjamin , the New York state director for the Republican Leadership Initiative .
Alessandro Bianchi / Reuters Pope Francis waves as they arrive to deliver the `` Urbi et Orbi '' message from the balcony overlooking St. Peter 's Square at the Vatican on Dec. 25 .
VATICAN CITY , Dec 25 ( Reuters ) - Pope Francis on Sunday offered a Christmas hope for peace in a world lacerated by war and terrorism , urging people to remember migrants , refugees and those hit by economic instability caused by “ idolatry of money . ”
Francis , marking the fourth Christmas season since their election in 2013 , also urged Palestinians and Israelis , facing renewed tension after a U.N. resolution condemning Israeli settlements on occupied land , to have the courage to put aside hate and revenge and “ write a new page of history . ”
Their traditional “ Urbi et Orbi ” ( to the city and the world ) message was linked by a common thread of war , violence and suffering at a time that should be defined by harmony and peace symbolized by the infant Jesus .
“ Peace to those who have lost a person dear to them as a result of brutal acts of terrorism , which have sown fear and death into the hearts of so many countries and cities , ” they told some 40,000 people gathered in St. Peter 's Square .
Security was heightened for the Christmas weekend in Italy and at the Vatican after Italian police killed the man believed to be responsible for the Berlin market truck attack while other European cities kept forces on high alert .
“ Today this message ( of peace ) goes out to the ends of the earth to reach all peoples , especially those scarred by war and harsh conflicts that seem stronger than the yearning for peace , ” they said , speaking in Italian from the central balcony of St. Peter 's Basilica .
They called for peace in Syria , urging immediate assistance to the exhausted population of the city of Aleppo , which Syrian government forces recaptured last week after four years of devastating fighting with rebels .
“ It is time for weapons to be still forever ( in Syria ) , and the international community to actively seek a negotiated solution , so that civil co-existence can be restored in the country , ” they said .
Francis , the first Latin American pope , also said Christmas should inspire everyone to help the less fortunate , including migrants , refugees and those swept up by social and economic upheavals .
“ Peace to the peoples who suffer because of the economic ambitions of the few , because of the sheer greed and the idolatry of money , which leads to slavery , ” they said .
At their Christmas eve Mass on Saturday , Francis said the feast had been “ taken hostage ” by dazzling materialism that puts God in the shadows . On Sunday , they also called for an end to “ fundamentalist terrorism ” in Nigeria , a reference to Boko Haram , which has killed 15,000 people and displaced more than two million during a seven-year insurgency to create an Islamic state . .
Francis further appealed for an end to tensions between the government and opposition in Venezuela , for harmony in Colombia , which recently ended a civil war with FARC guerrillas , and an end to strife on the Korean peninsula and in Myanmar .
In northern Minnesota right now , the temperature has dipped to a staggering -42 F. The chill is running so deep in the North Star State that it 's not only colder than in the lands above the Arctic Circle , it 's actually colder than some of the daily temperatures on Mars—you know , the planet 78 million miles further from the Sun on average .
The source of these freezing temperatures , which are heading to the eastern states over the next couple weeks , is a bubble of cold Arctic air that is pushing south , says Climate Central . “ The coldest days in the East this week look to be Thursday through Saturday , with temperatures in northern New England struggling to rise to near zero , and highs in the teens or single digits from Boston to Albany and New York City on Friday . ”
For Yahoo ! 's Geekquinox , Scott Sutherland gives this chill some extraterrestrial perspective :
[ R ] oughly 200 million kilometres away , NASA 's one-ton , nuclear powered robotic rover Curiosity has been exploring Mars ' Gale Crater . Measurements from its REMS instrument ( Rover Environmental Monitoring Station ) have been arriving back here on Earth since shortly after the rover landed in August of 2012 . The data only goes up to December 20/21 right now ( Sol 489 or Curiosity 's 489th Martian day ) , but over the past month , REMS has been reporting daily high temperatures ranging from -25 to -31 degrees Celsius , and according to the data , -31 degrees Celsius is the coldest daily high the rover has seen since it landed .
In Fahrenheit , -25 and -31 Celsius translates to -13 and -24 degrees .
To be fair , though , Mars is still way colder : the Curiosity rover is driving around in a crater at , roughly , the equivalent latitude of Venezuela .
More from Smithsonian.com :
You Think It 's Cold Out ? NASA Just Found the New Coldest Place on Earth
THEIR last chart-topping collaboration resulted in one of the most notorious pop feuds of the century .
But 16 years on , former rivals PINK and CHRISTINA AGUILERA are burying the hatchet for good — by launching a fresh assault on the charts .
Getty Images - Getty 13 Former rivals Pink and Christina Aguilera , left , have made up following a 16-year feud
Rex Features 13 Pink branded Christina 'incredible ' in an exclusive interview
The ex-arch enemies , who clashed recording 2001 's smash hit Lady Marmalade , have worked on a secret duet which could hit the charts next year .
In an exclusive interview , Pink said : “ We did a duet for their album and I do n't know when it 's coming out but it 's amazing .
“ We did it two years ago so I do n't remember the title , but she 's incredible . ”
And their new-found friendship with Xtina is so strong that the Grammy-winner lashed out at fans who tried to reignite their feud by claiming they gave shady looks during their pal 's WHITNEY HOUSTON tribute at the recent American Music Awards .
These are the seven biggest pop star feuds ever
AFP - Getty 13 The pair , left and middle , fell out while recording Moulin Rouge 's Lady Marmalade in 2001
AFP - Getty 13 But 16-years on from their last performance together , Pink , second right , and Christina , left , are to make music together again
They added : “ Yes , it is really frustrating , but I fight back .
`` I do it less than I used to but I do when I think the narrative needs to be changed .
`` It 's bulls * * t , I 'm not gon na stand for it . But I 'm used to it , to be honest .
`` And this never happens to men , it 's very specific to females . ”
AP : Associated Press 13 The former arch enemies have reportedly recording a secret duet together , which may drop next year
The super-talented singer 's new single , Beautiful Trauma , has an incredible video starring Hollywood hunk CHANNING TATUM in drag — which they admit took no persuading .
Pink confessed : “ He 's nuts and a good sport and they laugh a lot .
“ We had a really fun time . They love getting in dresses . They were like , sure — straight away , and did everything we asked . ”
Pink has just released the music video for their single Beautiful Trauma
However , things did n't run as smoothly with the video for their EMINEM collaboration Revenge , which was shockingly scrapped at the last minute .
Pink , who rocked The X Factor stage this weekend , admitted : “ We shot it and it was terrible . It 's never coming out .
“ It just did n't work and it was the wrong timing for it .
RCA RECORDS // VEVO 13 Pink roped Channing Tatum ( quite literally ) into starring in the video
“ I looked like hell , it was awful . Thank god Eminem was n't in it . If they were in it I would have been mortified .
“ We had Eminem lookalikes , Beautiful Trauma is better . ”
Well , I hope the video for the duet with Christina is more of a success .
Those two iconic voices deserve an equally stunning visual to match .
Pink performs Beautiful Trauma on The X Factor 2017 final
16 years of playing dirrty 2001 : Pink and Christina butt heads over whose voice would get featured most on their cover of Lady Marmalade . 2004 : Pink performs Lady Marmalade with blow-up dolls that look like Christina . November 2010 : The pair are forced to speak on US TV . Christina congratulates a pregnant Pink and suggests play dates , which Pink shuts down . March 2011 : After Christina and boyfriend Matthew Rutler are arrested for public boozing , Pink points out that out of her , BRITNEY SPEARS and Christina , they are the only one of the trio who has not been arrested . August 2013 : Pink says they “ sounded like Christina Aguilera for a second ” after singing a bum note during a gig in Oz . May 2016 : Christina wears “ bite me ” top as they reunite with Pink on The Voice US .
READ ON FOR THE REST OF DAN WOOTTON 'S BIZARRE COLUMN
Taylor goes tartan barmy
TAYLOR SWIFT was a couple of days late for Thursday 's St Andrew 's Day but they donned their best tartan at the weekend anyway .
The pop star got stuck into a dance routine which included some squatting during their gig at Poptopia in California on Saturday .
Getty - Contributor 13 Taylor Swift was tartan-clad during their gig at Poptopia in California on Saturday
They also got close with ED SHEERAN for a flirty rendition of their song End Game , from their new album Reputation , which spent a week at No1 after being released last month .
Afterwards , Taylor took to Instagram to share a black and white snap of them and Ed on stage .
Getty - Contributor 13 The singer performed a flirty rendition of End Game with Ed Sheeran
They wrote : “ I feel that the lighting in this picture truly captures how angelic @ teddysphotos is for coming out and singing End Game with me . ”
After attacking nearly everyone else in the industry on their new album , they did n't have much choice left for a singing partner .
Excited fans in tears of joy at New York pop-up event for Taylor Swift album Reputation
Geordie mix up CNCO may have had a hit with LITTLE MIX but the groups struggled to hit it off due to JADE THIRLWALL 's strong Geordie twang . The CNCO lads CHRISTOPHER VELEZ , RICHARD CAMACHO , ZAB– DIEL DE JESUS , JOEL PIMENTEL and ERICK COLON , teamed up with the girls on Reggaeton Lento . Joel said : “ We were all talking on the shoot then Erick and Zabdiel were left alone talking to Jade . `` They speak the least English and had a lot of trouble . They were like , ‘ Come back'. ” The bands were reunited last night on The X Factor final in front of boss SIMON COWELL at the ExCel in London . See CNCO perform Little Mix songs in Spanish on my Facebook page , and head to my Instagram for last night 's takeover backstage .
Keane to help , Elt
TOM CHAPLIN has credited SIR ELTON JOHN for coming to their rescue during one of their darkest moments .
The former KEANE frontman has revealed the music legend tried to save them from the depths of their cocaine addiction .
AP : Associated Press 13 Former Keane frontman Tom Chaplin has praised Elton John for trying to save them from their cocaine addiction
Elton was straight on the phone after Tom was admitted to rehab in 2006 , offering them their own AA-type service with various numbers for Tom to reach them on at any time of day .
Tom , whose amazing album Twelve Tales of Christmas is out now , said in an exclusive interview : “ Elton 's been through a lot .
`` One of the results of them getting well is that they want to help other people they suspects are in the same position .
AP : Associated Press 13 Elton was straight on the phone after Tom was admitted to rehab in 2006
“ When I first had my problems 11 years ago , they were straight on the phone .
“ Service is one of those things that 's important for your own health and sobriety .
`` I think that 's part of what motivates Elton , knowing that it will help them to help others . ”
As well as tapping up pal Elton , Tom revealed they have taken up yoga to keep them on the straight and narrow .
Simon Jones - The Sun 13 Tom says they have now taken up yoga to keep them on the straight and narrow
The singer , who is performing a special festive session on facebook.com/danwootton this week , added : “ A bit of yoga 's good .
`` I 've been trying to work on my leg flexibility but I ca n't get anywhere near touching my toes . ”
Not yet . . .
Keane singer Tom Chaplin is surrounded by adorable puppies for festive tune Midnight Mass
MOST READ IN BIZARRE Exclusive SHAYK 'S ANGER Bradley Cooper 's lover Irina Shayk in feud with Lady Gaga after steamy duet Exclusive GRIM FOR KYM Kym Marsh 's Michelle will split from boyfriend & lose baby before Corrie exit jess too much to bear Jessie J breaks down while filming The Voice Kids after pal 's death MADGE 'S BUST NEW PAL Madonna 's new music partner Anitta shares their love of risky outfits Exclusive OOH THE KEYHOLE Through The Keyhole viewers spot Fatima Whitbread 's VIBRATOR in wardrobe END OF AN ERA Tony Pike , Ibiza 's Hugh Hefner who bedded George Michael , dies at 85
Biz meter : Dan 's Diary Monday : THE annual Fashion Awards are back with a starry guest list , musical performances and an extra-long red carpet .
JACK WHITEHALL and KARLIE KLOSS will host at London 's Royal Albert Hall . WINNIE HARLOW and POPPY DELEVINGNE are expected .
THE annual Fashion Awards are back with a starry guest list , musical performances and an extra-long red carpet . and will host at London 's Royal Albert Hall . and are expected . Wednesday : MEGAHIT musical Hamilton finally makes its UK debut for previews at London 's Victoria Palace Theatre .
It has already notched up 11 Tony Awards in the US and is set to sweep the board at The Olivier 's next year .
Beg , borrow or steal a ticket – no one will want to miss this .
MEGAHIT musical Hamilton finally makes its UK debut for previews at London 's Victoria Palace Theatre . It has already notched up 11 Tony Awards in the US and is set to sweep the board at The Olivier 's next year . Beg , borrow or steal a ticket – no one will want to miss this . Thursday : DWAYNE JOHNSON , KEVIN HART JACK BLACK and KAREN GILLAN will be at the UK premiere of Jumanji : Welcome to The Jungle in London 's Leicester Square .
They star in the Nineties fantasy remake as four teens who discover an old games console and get drawn in .
and will be at the UK premiere of Jumanji : Welcome to The Jungle in London 's Leicester Square . They star in the Nineties fantasy remake as four teens who discover an old games console and get drawn in . Saturday : SAM SMITH , NIALL HORAN and RITA ORA all perform on the first day of Capital FM 's annual Jingle Bell Ball at The O2 .
It 's the event 's tenth year and it 's set to be bigger than ever , with TAYLOR SWIFT , ED SHEERAN and LIAM PAYNE all there for Sunday 's show .
Brit Awards ' first winner
THE Brit Awards 2018 are still a couple of months away but JORJA SMITH has already scooped the first gong of music 's biggest awards do .
DRAKE 's former flame beat acts including MABEL and STEFFLON DON to win the Critics ' Choice Award .
AP : Associated Press 13 Drake 's former flame Jorja Smith has already scooped the first gong of music 's biggest awards do
She 'll pick up their striking red statue designed by ANISH KAPOOR on January 13 at the nominations launch , where they will also perform .
Jorja follows in the footsteps of previous winners RAG ‘ N ' BONE MAN , ADELE and SAM SMITH .
It bodes well for them future .
WASHINGTON : India 's goals in Afghanistan are to deny Pakistan strategic depth and the ability to block India from trade and other connections to Central Asia and beyond , says US congressional report .
The report by the Congressional Research Service also notes that US-Pakistan relations , which deteriorated after the 2011 Abbottabad raid , had since “ improved somewhat . ”
The report on Afghanistan , which is prepared as research and reference material for US lawmakers , includes a brief description of India 's Afghan policies .
It notes that India also wants to prevent militants in Afghanistan from attacking Indian targets in Afghanistan .
While India wants to prevent Pakistan from regaining “ preponderant ” influence in present day Afghanistan , “ it does not want to be saddled with the burden of helping secure Afghanistan ” after the US departure , the report adds .
The report points out that India saw the Afghan Taliban 's hosting of Al Qaeda during 1996-2001 as a major threat because of Al Qaeda 's association with Pakistani groups fighting in Kashmir .
The report claims that some of these groups had committed major acts of terrorism in India , including the terrorist attacks in Mumbai in November 2008 and in July 2011 .
It notes that Afghanistan also seeks close ties with India because it wants access to India 's large and rapidly growing economy – “ but without alarming Pakistan . ”
The report shows how US and India have shared interests in Afghanistan . In May 2011 , India and Afghanistan announced a Strategic Partnership agreement that “ demonstrated India 's support for US efforts to better integrate Afghanistan into regional political , economic , and security structures , ” the report adds .
But the report also points out that when on Oct 5 , 2011 , former Afghan President Hamid Karzai signed the pact in New Delhi , “ it affirmed Pakistani fears by giving India , for the first time , a formal role in Afghan security. ” Under this agreement , India will train 600 Afghan military personnel every year .
After the May 2013 border clashes with Pakistan , President Karzai visited India twice to buy Indian artillery , aircraft , and other systems to better defend its border with Pakistan .
India reportedly “ resisted the request in order not to become ever more directly involved in the conflict in Afghanistan or alarm Pakistan , ” the report adds .
President Ashraf Ghani , however , has cancelled that request , “ apparently to avoid complicating their outreach to Pakistan . ”
In April 2015 , President Ghani visited India to engage directly with the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Also read : New Delhi rendezvous : Ghani reassures India over relationship
Twenty U.S. states and the District of Columbia now allow for medical marijuana to be used as a treatment for a variety of medical conditions , from chronic pain to anxiety .
While the use of marijuana is becoming more widely accepted for medical purposes , it still has drawbacks , including learning and short-term memory problems . These side effects have been one of the major hurdles preventing medical marijuana 's wider adoption , and they 're one reason the American Medical Association ( AMA ) rejected a proposal earlier this week to take a more neutral stance on the full legalization of the drug .
But a new study published in the journal Cell shows there are ways to avoid the memory `` haze '' associated with using marijuana . Researchers say the solution may be as simple as looking into your medicine cabinet .
Snack on This : 7 Superfoods for Good Health »
One Pill to Fix the Haze
The main active ingredient in marijuana is Δ 9-tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) has already approved drugs based on THC to treat nausea and vomiting in chemotherapy patients . The drugs are n't approved for other uses , mainly due to additional side effects .
Chu Chen , professor of otorhinolaryngology and neuroscience at Louisiana State University 's School of Medicine , says that scientists now know how THC affects the body on the molecular level , so unwanted side effects can be reduced .
What 's the secret ? Ibuprofen .
“ Our studies have solved the longtime mystery of how marijuana causes neuronal and memory impairments , ” Chen said in a press release . “ The results suggest that the use of medical marijuana could be broadened if patients concurrently take a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug such as ibuprofen . ”
Learn More About the Symptoms of Alzheimer 's »
How THC Interacts with the Brain
Chen and their team discovered that THC treatments increase the levels of an enzyme called cyclooxygenase-2 ( COX-2 ) in the in a mouse 's hippocampus . The hippocampus is the part of the brain where memories are formed .
Coincidentally—or perhaps not—they also found that drugs that reduced the levels of COX-2 in the mice prevented the memory problems typically caused by repeated use to THC .
This makes Chen believe that an easy strategy to combat the short- and long-term memory effects of marijuana could be as easy as taking a few doses of ibuprofen .
Marijuana and Ibuprofen : a Possible Treatment for Alzheimer 's ?
There are currently no effective strategies to combat the destructive effects of Alzheimer 's disease in brain tissue . Studies have shown that even the best anti-dementia drugs can do nothing to halt the progressive nature of the disease .
But during the study , Chen says , the combination of THC and COX-2 was able to reduce the neuronal damage in mice genetically engineered to mimic Alzheimer 's disease .
“ Our results suggest that the unwanted side effects of cannabis could be eliminated or reduced , while retaining its beneficial effects , by administering a COX-2 inhibitor along with Δ9-THC for the treatment of intractable medical conditions such as Alzheimer 's disease , ” Chen said .
On Wednesday morning a Philadelphia police officer finds themselves facing child pornography charges . NBC10 's Matt DeLucia has more on the charges Officer Emmanuel Folly faces .
A Philadelphia Police officer has been charged with possession of child porn and sexual abuse of children .
Officer Emmanuel Folly , 25 , surrendered to the Philadelphia Police Department 's Internal Affairs Unit Tuesday .
In March of 2016 , members of the Special Victims Unit used a program to search for people viewing , downloading and sharing child pornography . They discovered an IP address that downloaded child porn that was registered to a home on the 3300 block of North 15th Street in Philadelphia , officials said .
On November 17 , 2016 members of the Special Victims Unit executed a search and seizure warrant at the home and seized a laptop computer , desktop computer and computer tablet . Investigators also determined Officer Folly lived at the home with their parents , officials said .
Philadelphia Police Officer Charged With Child Porn
A Philadelphia Police officer faces child porn charges . NBC10 's Brandon Hudson has the details . ( Published Wednesday , April 26 , 2017 )
After further investigation , police determined Officer Folly owned the laptop computer that contained child pornography .
Officer Folly , who is a three-year veteran of the Department assigned to the 18th District , was arrested and charged with sexual abuse of children , possession of child pornography , and dissemination of child pornography .
Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross suspended Officer Folly for 30 days with the intent to dismiss . Police continue to investigate .
Oct. 28 , 2017 , 8:36 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 28 , 2017 , 8:36 PM GMT By Suzanne Gamboa
The aftermath of Hurricane Maria is hitting Puerto Ricans in their pocketbooks .
Surviving for what is now more than five weeks without electricity and depending on bottled water is adding up for residents .
“ Everyone 's life became more expensive , ” said Lizette Rodriguez , who lives in Caguas , but has been staying in their mother-in-law 's apartment in San Juan for the past two weeks .
“ We are paying more on a daily basis , because by not having electricity – in my case I found a generator – it could be an additional more than $ 15 a day of ( fuel ) , '' Rodriguez said .
Puerto Ricans are having to hunt for certain grocery products , spending gasoline as they go from store to store and have to shop for goods more often because they have no electricity to power refrigerators .
Costs for survival are on top of what they have to pay for items or homes damaged or lost in Maria 's destructive sweep up the middle of the island .
Even before Hurricane Maria blasted Puerto Rico , residents paid higher prices for goods . As an island , many supplies must be shipped in and can only be delivered by ships from the U.S. with U.S. crews .
Related : Puerto Rico 's Frantic Search for Someone to Turn on the Lights
Economist José J. Villamil , president of the board of Technical Studies , told El Nuevo Día , Puerto Rico 's largest newspaper , that it is too early to calculate the impact Hurricane Maria has made on the cost of living . But in the U.S. there has been an increase in prices for goods in demand since hurricanes Harvey , Irma and Maria , they told the newspaper .
`` Without a doubt , there will be an increase in the cost of living at least for the coming months , until the market normalizes . Any price increase that directly affects people 's well being , at that time their earnings have been reduced , '' they said .
Rodriguez said that before Maria , they would normally spend $ 15 a week on gasoline for their car . But that 's how much they were spending per day for their generator , which they ca n't run continuously .
Jose Rodriguez walks while carrying food they bought in a supermarket in Humacao , in the east of Puerto Rico , on September 27 , 2017 . HECTOR RETAMAL / AFP - Getty Images
Priscilla Rivera Ayala , a member of the Puerto Rico National Guard , said gasoline prices have risen from 64 cents a liter to about 72 cents to 76 cents a liter – the equivalent of about $ 2.34 a gallon rising to $ 2.72 to $ 2.88 per gallon .
Add to that , water is scarce . They ca n't cook at home and the business where they have a civilian job had been closed until recently . It has reopened but operates only part-time to conserve diesel fuel for the generator . Them husband is working , but business is slow , Rivera said .
The only reason they have water is because their condominium has a cistern .
“ My biggest expense right now is food , ” Rivera said . “ Since we ca n't cook at home or store food in a refrigerator , we have to eat out three meals a day . No matter how inexpensive the meal is , it is a burden to have to buy every single meal outside ( the home ) .
Rivera , who is part of the recovery effort and is delivering food and emergency supplies to families , said they eat military MRE 's ( meals ready to eat ) , but has to pay $ 5.50 for those .
“ I 'm going through a very difficult financial situation right now , ” said Rivera , who lives in San Juan . “ I had to take out an emergency loan to survive . ”
Puerto Rico remains a mostly cash society after Hurricane Maria . Some businesses have begun taking credit cards but that 's still rare .
Jeanette Quinones Valentín , who lives in Hatillo , Puerto Rico , said money is tight because of the cash only life she 's now living . They said with few stores open , she 's only buying bare necessities .
“ The malls are operating on low air conditioning so even shopping for a few things is exhausting , ” they texted through What 's App , because phone service still is unavailable . “ Long lines , the smell of stale , damp air , plus employees working in these conditions are very depressing . ”
They said she 's seen about a 30 cent to 40 cent rises in items . Soda that was once $ 1 is now $ 1.50 .
“ If you get through long lines for any type of water ( drinkable or otherwise ) bottled water is becoming questionable as to its integrity because people are selling tap water for bottled , ” they said .
Related : In Florida , Puerto Ricans Set Up Homes , Enroll In Schools , Ponder Post-Maria Future
Mercedes Guadalupe , who lives in Carolina , Puerto Rico , said they shop at Costco and Sam 's , because costs at the local supermarket are too high .
At the supermarket , shelves are quickly cleaned out even when prices are higher .
Them children have sent them dried food , a device to heat up water with solar power , solar phone chargers and money . They survive without a generator because they ca n't stand the noise .
“ Everything is high , ” Guadalupe said . “ Everything , everything . ”
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
After doing some intensive journalistic work , I discovered the dairy industry is indeed serious about cracking down on milk crate theft , and , was prompted by a Modern Farmer editor to address , in print , my own illegal milk crate situation in light of what I 'd uncovered . [ Ed note : This was mainly done out of self-interest — we did not want to see one of our freelancers serve jail time , as we need them writing for us . ]
So I publicly vowed to return my crates , and , a few days later , made a similar assurance in private to the International Dairy Foods Association , which inquired about the status of my crates by email after my article was published . I was compelled to follow through .
First things first : I had to get some replacement crates . After a little Googling , it appeared that my best option was going to be FarmPlast LLC , a New Jersey company that sells sets of three milk crates for $ 17.25 and lets you pick out your colors . ( At the very end of checkout , they sprung an additional $ 15 shipping fee on me , bringing total cost up to $ 32.25 . )
Next , I called up the dairies whose crates I 'd been using without authorization . Two of the crates were marked “ Shenandoah 's Pride ” – a label owned by Dallas-based Dean Foods until it was phased out earlier this year . Shenandoah 's Pride still has an active phone number , though , and I left a rambling message with them about my desire to return two milk crates that were in my possession . I expected ( and hoped , to be honest ) not to hear back , but within five minutes , my phone rang .
I explained my situation again – clearly , this was not the kind of call Shenandoah 's Pride was used to getting – to the woman who called me back .
“ I really appreciate that , ” they said in a very friendly , sincere way . “ Not many people are as honest as you are. ” 
I pointedly neglected to fill them in on the backstory and let them continue thanking me several times for being such a paragon of personal integrity . They asked where I live , and told me to leave the milk crates on the back loading dock of Red Front , a grocery store a few blocks from my house . The delivery driver would pick them them up , they said .
My third milk crate was marked “ Dean ” and was the one emblazoned with the truly extreme warnings about violating of Pennsylvania Act No . 37 of 1987 . Back to Google I went , and turned up a Dean Dairy ( also owned by Dean Foods ) up in Sharpsville , Pa. , just over the line from Youngstown , Ohio .
“ It 's just one crate ? ” asked the woman who took my call , in a tone that led me to believe they might let the whole thing slide . “ Hold on , OK ? ” 
They returned to the line a minute or so later , and after we 'd established that I would n't be able to drop the crate off in Sharpsville , they pulled up a list of sister companies in Virginia that , conveniently , included Shenandoah 's Pride . Corporate agglomeration of regional brands to the rescue ! I told them about the other Shenandoah 's Pride crates I had already arranged to return , and they said to just throw the Dean crate in with those .
They also thanked me for my incredible honesty . I again pretended that my incredible honesty was my sole motivation for returning the crates , and hung up the phone feeling downright proud of my own goodness and decency – all mine for just over $ 10 a crate , shipping included .
A few days later , my FarmPlast crates arrived and proved themselves perfectly adequate replacements . While some commenters in the first Modern Farmer article suggested that these legally procured crates simply are n't as strong and durable as stolen ones , FarmPlast seems to be the real deal .
Suppose I was feeling particularly peppy for some reason , and decided not to just place my empty yogurt container in the crate reserved for # 3-and-up plastics , but to slam-dunk it home into the middle crate ( the yellow one ) ? FarmPlast is more than up to the challenge , as determined by personal field testing . Or suppose the Dairy Powers That Be do n't read this article and send a goon squad to recover their crates ? These FarmPlast crates would serve well as either projectiles or bludgeons to defend my hearth and home ( this assertion is a good educated guess and has not been field tested ) .
Last but not least , I headed out to Red Front with my three illegal milk crates , and left them piled in a lonely little pyramid on a back loading dock , as instructed by Shenandoah 's Pride . I went inside to pick up a few things , and swung by the manager 's station to announce my good deed . The manager seemed a little confused – returning milk crates is certainly not an everyday occurrence – and they made sure that I had n't left them such that they 'd obstruct the trucks or people unloading them . I promised them they were out of the way , and they just shrugged : “ Someone 'll find 'em. ” 
My crates were still there when I left the grocery store , and they were still there later in the evening when I took a stroll past the store to check back in . But by mid-morning the following day , they were gone – returned , I suppose ( and hope ) , to the milk delivery cycle by a truly upstanding and concerned member of the community .
IN DOVER , Pennsylvania , five years ago , a group of parents is nearing the end of an epic legal battle : they were taking their school board to court to stop them teaching “ intelligent design ” to their children .
The plaintiffs eventually won their case , and on 16 October many of them came together for a private reunion . Yet intelligent design and the creationism for which it is a front are far from dead in the US , and the threat to the teaching of evolution remains .
Cyndi Sneath was one of the Dover plaintiffs who had a school-age son at the time of the trial . They have since become an active member of the American Civil Liberties Union and a member of the Dover Area School Board . “ My interest in public education and civil liberties was certainly sparked by the trial , ” they say . “ And that interest permeates our family discussions . ”
Chemistry teacher Robert Eschbach , who was also a plaintiff , says the trial has made teachers less afraid to step on people 's toes when it comes to evolution . It “ forced me to be a better educator ” , they say . “ I went back and read more of the history around Darwin and how they came to their conclusions . ”
Advertisement
None of this means that the Discovery Institute , the Seattle-based think tank that promotes intelligent design , has been idle . The institute helped the conservative Louisiana Family Forum ( LFF ) , headed by Christian minister Gene Mills , to pass a state education act in 2008 that allows local boards to teach intelligent design alongside evolution under the guise of “ academic freedom ” .
Philosopher Barbara Forrest of Southeastern Louisiana University , another key witness for the Dover plaintiffs in 2005 , testified against the Louisiana education act . “ Louisiana is the only state to pass a state education bill based on the Discovery Institute 's template , ” they say . Similar measures considered in 10 other states were all defeated .
Forrest heads the Louisiana Coalition for Science , and has been monitoring developments since the bill passed . In January 2009 , the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education ( BESE ) approved a policy that prevents Louisiana school boards from stopping schools using supplementary creationist texts hostile to evolution , such as books published by the Discovery Institute .
Mills has now made public their desire to change the process for selecting biology textbooks statewide . In one Louisiana township , Livingston Parish , creationist board members have proclaimed their desire to have creationism taught alongside evolution in the next academic year . “ This is happening with no outcry from the media or from the scientific community in Louisiana , ” Forrest says .
Since Dover , states wanting to teach alternatives to established science have used deliberately vague language . In 2008 , Louisiana passed a law requiring “ open and objective discussion ” of climate change , evolution and human cloning . Five years after the landmark case , the battle for science education continues . But for the plaintiffs and their representatives this does not detract from the achievement . Their lead attorney , Eric Rothschild , sums it up : “ If we 'd lost , intelligent design would be all over the place now ” .
`` FOPA '' redirects here . For First-order Peano arithmetic , see First-order logic
The Firearm Owners Protection Act of 1986 ( FOPA ) is a United States federal law that revised many provisions of the Gun Control Act of 1968 .
Federal firearms law reform [ edit ]
Under the Gun Control Act of 1968 , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms ( ATF ) was given wide latitude on the enforcement of regulations pertaining to holders of Federal Firearms Licenses ( FFL ) ( which enable an individual or a company to engage in a business pertaining to the manufacture or importation of firearms and ammunition , or the interstate and intrastate sale of firearms ) . [ citation needed ] Allegations of abuse by ATF inspectors soon [ when ? ] arose from the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) and some FFL licensees . [ citation needed ] In particular , advocates claimed that ATF was repeatedly inspecting FFL holders for the apparent purpose of harassment intended to drive the FFL holders out of business ( as the FFL holders would constantly be having to tend to ATF inspections instead of to customers ) .
A February 1982 report by a Senate subcommittee that studied the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution concluded :
The conclusion is thus inescapable that the history , concept , and wording of the second amendment to the Constitution of the United States , as well as its interpretation by every major commentator and court in the first half-century after its ratification , indicates that what is protected is an individual right of a private citizen to own and carry firearms in a peaceful manner . [ 1 ] :12
The report also said that 75 percent of ATF prosecutions `` were aimed at ordinary citizens who had neither criminal intent nor knowledge , but were enticed by agents into unknowing technical violations . '' It suggested that reform of federal firearms law such as proposed in S. 1030 `` would be largely self-enforcing '' and `` would enhance vital protection of constitutional and civil liberties of those Americans who choose to exercise their Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms . `` [ 1 ]
The Firearm Owners Protection Act of 1986 ( FOPA ) addressed the abuses noted in the 1982 Senate Judiciary Subcommittee report . Among the reforms intended to loosen restrictions on gun sales were the reopening of interstate sales of long guns on a limited basis , legalization of ammunition shipments through the U.S . Postal Service , removal of the requirement for record keeping on sales of non-armor-piercing ammunition , and federal protection of transportation of firearms through states where possession of those firearms would otherwise be illegal . [ 2 ]
The Act also contained a provision that banned the sale of machine guns manufactured after the date of enactment to civilians , restricting sales of these weapons to the military and law enforcement . Thus , in the ensuing years , the limited supply of these arms available to civilians has caused an enormous increase in their price , with most costing in excess of $ 10,000 . Regarding these fully-automatic firearms owned by private citizens in the U.S. , political scientist Earl Kruschke said `` approximately 175,000 automatic firearms have been licensed by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms ( the federal agency responsible for administration of the law ) and evidence suggests that none of these weapons has ever been used to commit a violent crime . `` [ 3 ] :85
The Act mandated that ATF compliance inspections can be done only once per year . An exception to the `` once per year '' rule exists if multiple record-keeping violations are recorded in an inspection , in which case the ATF may do a follow-up inspection . The main reason for a follow-up inspection would be if guns could not be accounted for .
Ban on new automatic firearms [ edit ]
As debate for FOPA was in its final stages in the House before moving on to the Senate , Rep. William J. Hughes ( D-N.J. ) proposed several amendments including House Amendment 777 to H.R . 4332 , which modified the act to ban the civilian ownership of new machine guns , specifically to amend 18 U.S.C . § 922 to add subsection ( o ) :
( o ) ( 1 ) Except as provided in paragraph ( 2 ) , it shall be unlawful for any person to transfer or possess a machinegun . ( 2 ) This subsection does not apply with respect to— ( A ) a transfer to or by , or possession by or under the authority of , the United States or any department or agency thereof or a State , or a department , agency , or political subdivision thereof ; or ( B ) any lawful transfer or lawful possession of a machinegun that was lawfully possessed before the date this subsection takes effect .
The ATF , as a representative of the U.S. and with authority from the National Firearms Act , can authorize the transfer of a machine gun to an unlicensed civilian . An unlicensed individual may acquire machine guns , with ATF approval . [ 4 ] The transferor must file an ATF application , which must be completed by both parties to the transfer : [ 4 ]
executed under penalties of perjury [ 5 ]
both parties must reside in the same state as the individual
pay a $ 200 transfer tax to ATF [ 6 ]
the application must include detailed information on the firearm and the parties to the transfer [ 5 ] [ 7 ]
the transferee must certify on the application that they or they are not disqualified from possessing firearms on grounds specified in law
the transferee must submit with the application ( 1 ) two photographs taken within the past year ; and ( 2 ) fingerprints [ 7 ]
the transferee must submit with the application ( 3 ) a copy of any state or local permit or license required to buy , possess , or acquire machine guns
an appropriate ( local ) law enforcement official must certify whether they or they have any information indicating that the firearm will be used for other than lawful purposes or that possession would violate state or federal law [ 7 ]
the transferee must , as part of the registration process , pass an extensive Federal Bureau of Investigation criminal background investigation . [ 8 ]
If ATF denies an application , it must refund the tax . [ 4 ] Gun owners must keep approved applications as evidence of registration of the firearms and make them available for inspection by ATF officers . [ 4 ]
In the morning hours of April 10 , 1986 , H.Amdt.777 Amendment passed the House by voice vote , and the House held recorded votes on three amendments to FOPA in Record Vote No 's 72 , 73 , and 74 . Recorded Vote 72 was on H.AMDT . 776 , an amendment to H.AMDT 770 involving the interstate sale of handguns ; while Recorded Vote 74 was on H.AMDT 770 , involving primarily the easing of interstate sales and the safe passage provision . Recorded Vote 74 was the Hughes Amendment that called for the banning of machine guns . Rep. Charles Rangel ( D-N.Y. ) , at the time presiding as Chairman over the proceedings , claimed that the `` amendment in the nature of a substitute , as amended , was agreed to . '' However , after the voice vote on the Hughes Amendment , Rangel ignored a plea to take a recorded vote and moved on to Recorded Vote 74 . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] The bill , H.R . 4332 , as a whole passed in Record Vote No : 75 on a motion to recommit . Despite the controversial amendment , the Senate , in S.B . 49 , adopted H.R . 4332 as an amendment to the final bill . The bill was subsequently passed and signed on May 19 , 1986 by President Ronald Reagan to become Public Law 99-308 , the Firearms Owners ' Protection Act .
`` Safe passage '' provision [ edit ]
One of the law 's provisions ( codified in section 926A of title 18 of the U.S. Code ) was that persons traveling from one place to another have a defense for any state firearms offense in a state that has strict gun control laws if the traveler is just passing through ( short stops for food and gasoline ) , provided that the individual is not otherwise prohibited from possession of a firearm , the firearms and ammunition are not readily accessible , that the firearms are unloaded and , in the case of a vehicle without a compartment separate from the driver 's compartment , the firearms are located in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console . [ 12 ] [ 13 ]
This section has also been interpreted to protect air travel . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Definitions of certain terms in the law include :
Transporting . Not staying for any determined length of time . Passing through on the way to some place .
. Not staying for any determined length of time . Passing through on the way to some place . Unloaded . No ammunition in the firearm . In the case of McDaniel v. Arnold , the courts upheld a conviction based on the interpretation that the accused had a loaded firearm despite not having a round in the chambered position . [ 16 ]
. No ammunition in the firearm . In the case of , the courts upheld a conviction based on the interpretation that the accused had a loaded firearm despite not having a round in the chambered position . Not readily accessible . There are no clear court decisions or interpretations available but this term is widely regarded as meaning Not capable of being reached quickly for operation .
. There are no clear court decisions or interpretations available but this term is widely regarded as meaning Not capable of being reached quickly for operation . Locked container . A hard-sided container that is locked such as to prevent unauthorized users from gaining access .
Registry prohibition [ edit ]
The Act also forbade the U.S. Government agency from keeping a registry directly linking non-National Firearms Act firearms to their owners , the specific language of this law ( Federal Law 18 U.S.C . 926 ( https : //www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/926 ) ) being :
No such rule or regulation prescribed [ by the Attorney General ] after the date of the enactment of the Firearms Owners Protection Act may require that records required to be maintained under this chapter or any portion of the contents of such records , be recorded at or transferred to a facility owned , managed , or controlled by the United States or any State or any political subdivision thereof , nor that any system of registration of firearms , firearms owners , or firearms transactions or disposition be established . Nothing in this section expands or restricts the Secretary 's authority to inquire into the disposition of any firearm in the course of a criminal investigation .
Nevertheless , the ATF 's National Tracing Center ( NTC ) contains hundreds of millions of firearm tracing and registration records , and consists of several databases :
1 . Multiple Sale Reports . Over 460,000 ( 2003 ) Multiple Sales reports ( ATF F 3310.4 - a registration record with specific firearms and owner name and address - increasing by about 140,000 per year ) . Reported as 4.2 million records in 2010 . [ 17 ]
2 . Suspect Guns . All guns suspected of being used for criminal purposes but not recovered by law enforcement . This database includes ( ATF 's own examples [ citation needed ] ) , individuals purchasing large quantities of firearms , and dealers with improper record keeping . May include guns observed by law enforcement in an estate , or at a gun show , or elsewhere . [ citation needed ] Reported as 34,807 in 2010 . [ 17 ]
3 . Traced Guns . Over 4 million detail records from all traces since inception . [ 17 ] This is a registration record which includes the personal information of the first retail purchaser , along with the identity of the selling dealer .
4 . Out of Business Records . Data is manually collected from paper out of business records ( or input from computer records ) and entered into the trace system by ATF . These are registration records which include name and address , make , model , serial and caliber of the firearm ( s ) , as well as data from the 4473 form - in digital or image format . In March , 2010 , ATF reported receiving several hundred million records since 1968 . [ 18 ]
5 . Theft Guns . Firearms reported as stolen to ATF . Contained 330,000 records in 2010 . [ 17 ] Contains only thefts from licensed dealers and interstate carriers ( optional ) . [ 17 ] Does not have an interface to the FBI 's National Crime Information Center ( NCIC ) theft data base , where the majority of stolen , lost and missing firearms are reported . [ citation needed ]
Clarification of prohibited persons [ edit ]
The older Gun Control Act of 1968 prohibits firearms ownership in the U.S. by certain categories of individuals thought to pose a threat to public safety . However , this list differed between the House and the Senate versions of the bill , and led to confusion . The list was later augmented , modified , and clarified in the Firearm Owners Protection Act of 1986 . The 1986 list is :
Anyone who has been convicted in any court of a felony punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year , excluding those crimes punishable by imprisonment related to the regulation of business practices , whose full civil rights have not been restored by the State in which the firearms disability was first imposed . [ 19 ] [ 20 ]
Anyone who is a fugitive from justice .
Anyone who is an unlawful user of or addicted to any controlled substances .
Anyone who has been adjudicated as a mental defective or has been involuntarily committed to a mental institution .
Any alien illegally or unlawfully in the United States or an alien admitted to the United States under a nonimmigrant visa . The exception is if the nonimmigrant is in possession of a valid hunting license issued by a US state and/or has been granted a waiver from the Attorney General .
Anyone who has been discharged from the Armed Forces under dishonorable conditions .
Anyone who , having been a citizen of the United States , has renounced their or their citizenship .
Anyone that is subject to a court order that restrains the person from harassing , stalking , or threatening an intimate partner or child of such intimate partner . ( Added in 1996 , with the Lautenberg Amendment . )
Anyone who has been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence . ( Added in 1996 , with the Lautenberg Amendment ) [ 21 ]
A person who is under indictment or information for a crime ( misdemeanor ) punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding two years can not lawfully receive a firearm . Such person may continue to lawfully possess firearms obtained prior to the indictment or information , and if cleared or acquitted can receive firearms without restriction .
These provisions are stated in the form of questions on Federal Form 4473 .
In 2001 , the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit ( consisting of Texas , Louisiana and Mississippi ) ruled that the Lautenberg Amendment , 18 U.S.C . § 922 ( g ) ( 8 ) ( C ) ( ii ) ( which extended the original FOPA restrictions on firearm ownership to persons under a court order in connection with domestic violence ) did not violate the Second Amendment , and did not violate the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment as applied to the defendant , in United States v . Emerson . [ 22 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Early in the morning of March 22nd , Brussels became the latest city to be rocked by an attack from the terrorist organization ISIS . Early reports say that dozens have been killed , and more injured .
The GoFundMe giving community of more than 20 million people has always been quick to leap into action when tragedy strikes in America , or around the world . We 're already receiving inquiries from our community about what they can do to help the victims of the horrendous terrorist attacks that took place in Brussels this morning .
To support the people of Brussels during this incredibly frightening and difficult time , GoFundMe has created this campaign to raise funds for the victims and their families .
We will be donating all of our fees , and we also made a contribution of $ 25,000 . All funds raised from this campaign will go toward the victims and families affected by these attacks .
Once an official charity for the victims has been established , we will transfer all funds there .
Our hearts go out to everyone affected by these senseless acts of violence , and we are standing with you in solidarity . # PrayForBrussels
Help spread the word ! Share Tweet 4.4k shares on Facebook shares on Facebook
Turkey Teetering on the Razor ` s Edge of Terror : The Istanbul Ataturk Airport Attacks
Ozer Khalid
Since 2015 , Turkey , a strategic NATO partner for the U.S. and the West in the war against terror , and a key ally to the EU in terms of intelligence , has been teetering on the razor ` s edge of terror .
Turkey is under a Damoclean sword of gruesome suicide bombings , some attributed to ISIS and others claimed by Kurdish terrorists . Turkey finds themselves torn between the devil and the deep blue sea , fending and fighting off both Kurdish terrorists and ISIS .
After Istanbul ` s Ataturk airport attack it is likelier that Turkey will now strategically prioritize the ISIS security threat , giving it equal weight to both Kurdish terrorism and the dangers posed by the neighboring dictator Bashar al Assad .
Istanbul ` s tragic attack bears broader geo-strategic implications . As Europe undergoes seismic political shifts , witnessed most recently by Britain ` s departure from the EU , the Istanbul attack may scupper Turkey ` s bid for future EU accession , already undermined by Boris Johnson and the fear-mongering Brexit ` leave ` campaigners , as nationalists throughout Europe will further feed the fear frenzy and use this tragic terror incident to highlight Turkey ` s EU entry as a carte blanche for terror spill-over into mainland Europe , a continent already beset by unhealthy nationalism , insularity and intolerance .
During Ramadan this year ISIS spawned lethal attacks in Afghanistan , Kenya , Lebanon and took credit for Orlando as well , though there Omar Mateen ` s Freudian self-hate and closeted sexual repression may have also come into play . What motivates ISIS to carry out such callous carnage in this Holy month of Ramadan , a month where Muslims are meant to stir peaceful introspection , is to commemorate the third anniversary of Al-Baghdadi ` s “ faux-Caliphate ” . Sadistic grandeur is their hallmark so ISIS needed to mark their anniversary with blood-letting . ISIS , contrary to original scripture , brain-wash their adherents into a Pavlovian conditioning to believe that sacrifice in this month is more Sacred .
The timing of the attack is strategically crucial . In a Ramadan message urging misguided “ jihad ” , Abu-Mohammed al-Adnani , ISIS ` chief spokesperson , instructed zealots to “ aspire to battle in Ramadan not seeking anyone 's permission ” saying this is “ the month of conquest and jihad especially for Caliphate fighters in Europe and America . ”
Turkey is ill-fatedly infested with an ISIS network , active since May 2015 . ISIS cells in Turkey operate from underground informal networks , and are well organized just as in Iraq and Syria . No one as yet has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul airport attack , but just like previous attacks in Suruc and Ankara , the style deployed , techniques used , and targets honed in on , the Istanbul attack bears typical ISIS characteristics , namely to strike simultaneously on multiple fronts , at high visibility sites stretching emergency services to the limit .
What distinguishes ISIS from other terror groups within Turkey such as the Kurdish PKK and the Kurdistan Freedom Hawks ( TAK ) is that the latter strike more at `` local '' targets , often using vehicle based improvised explosive devices , where perpetrators tend to be females as they are less likely to arouse suspicion . ISIS , on the other hand , usually uses men , aim at international sites and transport hubs , as in Brussels , seeking to cause global shock and awe .
Many ask why ISIS targeted Turkey . Some believe that Ankara ` s rapprochement with Tel Aviv , witnessed recently , irked ISIS into terror . Others state that Turkey ` s mounting operation against ISIS forces , especially in areas like Manbij where Kurdish forces are gaining territory and traction , compels ISIS to reassert retaliation . As ISIS loses the territorial war they need to keep winning the propaganda war .
Istanbul Ataturk airport ` s attack already brings far-reaching foreign policy changes . Today President Putin spoke to President Erdoğan and bilaterally agreed to normalize trade ties , thawing the ice , ending the stalemate ever since the Turkish shoot-down of a Russian jet fighter . As Russia and Turkey patch up relations it is likelier that Turkey will rejoin coalition air strikes .
ISIS thirsts for recognition to keep fuelling their toxic global recruitment drive , both online and offline , as they face unprecedented territorial losses in the Northern Euphrates , in Fallujah , Qayyarah , Kirkuk , Tikrit , Mosul and Northern Syria . Nobody wants to join “ losers ” especially given the liberation of Hit , the meaningful traction by Kurdish forces , and the intensified Western and Russian aerial campaigns .
So to preserve their recruitment and relevance , ISIS has to deviate attention from such territorial setbacks by inflicting gruesome attacks abroad , especially on “ soft civilian targets ” such as the Istanbul Ataturk airport as it provides instant sensationalist international publicity . Such atrocities keep ISIS in the media spotlight , intensifies their recruitment drive , propagates their divisive anti-western propaganda , and continues their image of initiative , of shocking , of reshaping the world – something they have done with alarming alacrity .
We 've been covering the blockchain gaming phenomenon for two years , now , starting with a review of Moonga by Everdreamsoft . Since then , many new developments in the blockchain gaming space have emerged , inspiring the creation of a dedicated website and community ( follow us on Twitter , as well ) .
This year , things heated up even more , firmly establishing blockchain gaming as a new and rapidly-growing industry . Due to a confluence of circumstances—some intentional , some not—April is proving to be a crucial turning point . Here are just some of the reasons you 'll wish you 'd invested your cryptocurrency in video games sooner .
CoinFest
Alongside NewsBTC , CoinFest is another partner project to blockchaingaming.com . So it 's no surprise that blockchain gaming played a major role this year in the first and still only decentralized autonomous convention for alternative currency .
CoinFest UK featured a demo booth for Beyond the Void , whose team additionally presented at the conference . CoinFest UK also hosted a server for Battlecoin , a multiplayer game where players compete for Bitcoin . Elsewhere , Christian Moss from MandelDuck released an awesome VR block explorer on Steam in time for the events , and—together with myself and Anari from Gamerholic—participated in a panel hosted by Blocktalk .
A major and unprecedented event also occurred in the Huntercoin community . Its original founder had previously announced a new project called Chimaera , which hopes to become a decentralized platform for games . A snapshot was taken of the HUC blockchain on April 5th with the intention of noting and rewarding coin holders , who await news of when Chimaera will release so they can claim free CHI tokens .
Although some prominent community members remain skeptical of the plan , it caused the price of HUC to spike to over 11,600 satoshis on Poloniex , an all-time high market cap and increase of over 400 % from April 1st . However , coins were not burned in the process , so the price quickly crashed back down to around 3,250 . It has since climbed past 4,500 satoshis—a nice 50 % increase—but the future of the protocol ( and its coin ) remains uncertain .
True Ownership
CoinFest UK was n't the only event the Beyond the Void team attended . That was actually just a small part of their European tour , which began on April 6th at the Blockshow in Germany . They spent the next two days in Manchester before heading to Évry , France , followed by the Insomnia ( where they 're still promoting ) and Geek Touch gaming festivals later in the month . This has translated to an increase of around 70 % in Nexium prices since April began .
That 's because you 'll need Nexium to buy in-game assets , which will be stored and freely traded on the Ethereum blockchain . This is in stark contrast to traditional MMOs , which restrict your ability to exchange assets in order to appease financial regulators who could confiscate their central server . This also means that nobody can take your stuff , a cornerstone of blockchain gaming .
This concept was pioneered with Spells of Genesis , another trading card game by Everdreamsoft . On April 20th , it will be the first blockchain-based video game to be commercially released thanks to the help of major publisher Channel 4 . With over 200 levels supposed to be ready at launch , prices have already risen almost 50 % in anticipation , and could more than double if they reach their all-time high ( and the coin supply has decreased since then ) .
Augmentors—yet another game inspired by Spells of Genesis—is also seeing some major activity . Much-awaited for its Pokémon GO-like features , its Databit tokens listed on Bittrex and spiked when the month began . After falling to a new support line at around 15,000 satoshis and hovering for over a week , DTB prices eventually climbed to more than double that . Despite not being listed on Poloniex or having been properly updated by coinmarketcap.com , this gives it an effective market cap of around $ 7.5 million .
GameCredits & MobileGo
GameCredits is a universal payment medium for the gaming industry , bringing all of the advantages of cryptocurrency to traditional game developers . Rather than skip ahead to on-chain assets and worlds , they 've chosen to focus on basics such as quality APIs , which has allowed them to reach hundreds of mobile game developers . All of them will be listed on the Mobile Store , which is analogous to ( but less centralized than ) Steam .
To fund this , they 've created the MobileGo token and crowdsale , which debuts April 25th . It will be the first to utilize two blockchains simultaneously , in this case Waves and Ethereum , allowing for redundancy in case of failure as well as a wider variety of features . This will include the use of smart contracts for decentralized tournaments and a marketplace for game assets , as well .
Participants in the MobileGo ICO will get a discount for paying with GameCredits , which will also then be supplemented by Ethereum and Waves technology . As a result , GAME skyrocketed around 70 % in April to an all-time high , completing its once-tenuous upward triangle . Its market cap now dominates the blockchain gaming industry ( and most cryptocurrencies ) at almost $ 35 million .
Any readers who were skeptical before should definitely be interested , now . It would have been impossible to pick a losing blockchain gaming token this month . Keep following the website , community and Twitter if you do n't want to miss out on the next major push for the Moon .
We 've seen it a million times : Somebody tweets a quote and the Internet proceeds to lose its collective mind .
We often mock writers who whine about players not wanting to speak to the media , but it 's hard to deny that people eat those quotes up . For example , I see Phil Kessel called a writer an idiot and now every time Kessel speaks I listen a little bit more closely .
Part of what made that now-famous Kessel encounter great was that there 's video of it . You get to see the lead-up . You see Kessel 's reaction to the initial question . You see their reaction to getting interrupted mid-sentence . You see them get more and more flustered until… boom – idiot quote .
It 's a great video and a simple tweet of the idiot quote by itself does n't really do it justice .
Which brings us to this past weekend…
The Edmonton Oilers go to a shootout with the Florida Panthers , Nail Yakupov scores the shootout-winner and the Oilers grab an extremely rare win on the road . Good times all around , right ? What sort of conflict could possibly come from that .
Well…
So , they were n't letting Yakupov do shootouts , because… . — Rob Tychkowski ( @ Sun_Tychkowski ) January 18 , 2015
Hey ! That 's a fair tweet , my reporter friend ! Why was Saturday night Nail Yakupov 's first ever shootout attempt ? I mean the guy 's a skilled player , first overall pick , he 's played in 157 NHL games already . What 's the holdup ?
Todd Nelson reveals that Oilers analytics guy had been the one advising against using Yakupov in shootouts . — Rob Tychkowski ( @ Sun_Tychkowski ) January 18 , 2015
Wait , what ? ! ?
Since Yakupov had zero career attempts , their scoring percentage was 0 . Thus , everyone else was ranked higher , analytically . Total insanity — Rob Tychkowski ( @ Sun_Tychkowski ) January 18 , 2015
Darn straight it 's insanity ! Based on this I have no choice but to think analytics are stupid ! Rabble rabble rabble !
“ There were zero analytics that supported Yak in the shootout , ” said Nelson . “ It was a hunch. ” — Rob Tychkowski ( @ Sun_Tychkowski ) January 18 , 2015
Wow ! There you have it , folks . A quote straight from the horse 's mouth after the two tweets before it ? Wow , does that ever look bad on Edmonton Oilers analytics consultant Tyler Dellow . It 's kind of amazing that Oilers head coach Todd Nelson would just throw Dellow under the bus though , is n't it ?
Well yeah . That 's because the quote was spun and taken totally out of context .
This is the video of Todd Nelson 's post game presser . I encourage you to actually watch the thing :
This is the transcript if you want to re-visit what you just watched or if you 're somewhere you ca n't play the video right now ( a.k.a . totally screwing around at work , but I wo n't tell ) :
Reporter : A couple of guys delivered for you again . Yak had n't been getting a lot of goals or a lot of shootouts and they score the big one and then Fasth delivers when you needed them most , too .
Nelson : You know what , Viktor had a great game . It was nice to see them with… both their starts ( he ) played extremely well . They did a great job in the shootout . Yak… he 's been working on shootouts quite a bit in practice and it was a hunch and they made a great play in the shootout . It was a good win for our hockey team . For us to come from behind in the third period is just a great win .
Reporter : Did you know that Nail had not attempted one before in their career ?
Nelson : Yeah I did actually and so I had nothing to lose . It was one of those things where , like I said , they were feeling it . He 's worked on a couple of different things in practice so it was a situation where I said , ‘ Why not ? '
Reporter : ‘ Cause you took some heat your first game when you went eight deep in the shootout and you did n't pick them and you said ‘ Well they had n't played in the third period , ' they were cold , and you did n't want to use him .
Nelson : Well there were zero analytics that supported Yak in the shootout so we 're going-
Reporter : So he 's gone ? That analytics guy 's gone ?
Nelson : No .
Reporter : Oh , Ok .
Nelson : It was one of those things where we were looking at the analytics for certain guys in the shootouts but Yak just never went , so right now he 's looking pretty good .
Now , does that exchange right there , the one that you just watched and/or read , reflect the tweets from Rob Tychkowski above ? Does this not seem like it was taken totally a bit out of context ?
And this is where quotes on Twitter can be so problematic . You can directly quote somebody with complete accuracy and still mislead people with regard to what the person you 're quoting actually meant .
Todd Nelson says , with a smirk , “ there were zero analytics that supported Yak in the shootout . ”
Yeah . That 's because Yakupov had never taken an NHL shootout attempt before . The analytics literally are n't there . That was the whole point of Nelson 's joke . Somehow that gets twisted into “ Todd Nelson reveals that Oilers analytics guy has been the one advising against using Yakupov in shootouts , ” which simply is n't true .
Unless there was some conversation with Nelson that just was n't mentioned , he 's bending Nelson 's words a bit here .
I 'll give Tychkowski the benefit of the doubt that they just misunderstood what Nelson said . That happens . I do n't know the guy so I 'm not going to say he 's some moustache-twisting 1920 's cartoon villain about to tie a damsel in distress to the train tracks .
It does n't have to be sinister .
Some people tweeted me with the suggestion that Tyler Dellow 's notoriously prickly style on Twitter before they were hired by the Oilers , particularly with the media , is what attracted such negative attention . Fair enough . I can certainly see why some people would n't be their biggest fan . That should n't result in something like this where it sounds an awful lot like he 's being blamed for something they had no part in .
If you read a quote on Twitter you should always take it with a grain of salt . It 's 2015 and audio or video of the quote you just read is almost always available . If there is – watch it ! Listen to it ! You might have read something that got you all mad for nothing and who does that benefit ?
Somebody , but it is n't you .
Defaults on buy-to-lets are widely expected , but economist Morgan Kelly , best known for their trenchant analysis of Ireland 's financial crisis , says there 's another middle-class nightmare on the horizon
Professor Morgan Kelly delivering their lecture in Kilkenny
An Irish academic best known for correctly calling the property crash four years ago has raised fresh concerns over a potential tsunami of debt default from `` high rolling '' professional classes .
Professor Morgan Kelly said there is about €11bn ( £9.6bn ) tied up in domestic loans that were handed out to lawyers , doctors and estate agents for homes they can no longer afford – loans the banks are not counting as problematic .
Their numbers refer to high-end properties in salubrious parts of Dublin and elsewhere which were snapped up at the peak by the well-heeled ; they do not refer to the 165,000 buy-to-let mortgages , many of which are in danger of default .
Kelly claimed that 10,000 loans of an average of €1.1m each were handed out during the boom to the `` high-rolling '' middle-class professionals , many of whom `` could barely afford to buy you a cup of coffee now '' .
Speaking at a public lecture at Kilkenny Arts Festival , the University College Dublin academic also predicted that Ireland 's banking debt would rise to €100bn – far higher than the €70bn currently set aside in five bank bailouts .
And they predicted the government 's debt pile would peak at €250bn in 2015 because of uncounted mortgage defaults .
Kelly has become known as Dr Doom for their infrequent but prophetic articles .
Paramilitary groups could prosper on defaults
In a bleak but devastatingly simple analysis , Kelly warned that paramilitary groups may flourish in parts of Ireland if they can strike a position as the `` Robin Hoods '' of the community . They said they already had three emails from people wishing to organise don't-pay-back-your-mortgage groups and if these were `` energised '' they would pose major problems for the banks .
What worries me increasingly are mortgages and in particular , interest-only mortgages , given out to professionals , lawyers , solicitors , estate agents at the peak of the boom . About 10,000 of these were given out . This seems trivial ; there were three-quarter of a million mortgages given out , why should we care about 10,000 ? However , it turns out these mortgages were for properties of between €1m and €2m each . These guys put up about 20 % of the price . So these 10,000 were about €1.1m each . This means there is about €11bn in loans to these high rollers in the boom , most of whom could barely buy you a cup of coffee now .
Based on the US experience , they said , banks will only get half of the €11bn from the middle-class high rollers back .
Kelly 's analysis of middle-class debt chimes with tales during the boom years of professionals piling into property syndicates , some led by the likes of former tax inspector Derek Quinlan , to buy office blocks , apartment blocks and retail parks .
Most of these cases remain out of the public domain , but some have made headlines through court hearings , including the doctor and lawyer couple who racked up debts of €800m on the back of cheap credit buying trophy buildings including a tower block in Canary Wharf .
The eye-catching scale of Brian and Mary Pat O'Donnell 's debts has been laid bare in a court case brought by Bank of Ireland in relation to some €70m ( £58m ) in debts it is trying to recover .
Kelly 's hour-long lecture , which can be heard here , is essential listening as a review of how Ireland squandered the 1990s boom which had occurred without bank lending and had huge benefits for the country .
The Nyberg report was 'sickening '
Kelly is adamant that the banks are the main , if not the sole , cause of the crisis now engulfing Ireland .
They argued that even if regulation was non-existent , managers still have `` a duty '' to ensure that the companies they run survive .
They also renewed their attack on the governor of the Central Bank of Ireland , Patrick Honohan , for putting the taxpayer on the hook for the losses instead of letting the banks go bust .
They described the Nyberg Report , which diagnosed the collapse of Ireland 's economy as caused by greed and a complicit public , as `` sickening '' .
Nyberg 's view on this – this was a social mania in Irish society , it was grouped think ; that everyone got carried away – that 's not true . It was the senior management in Irish banks , most of whom are still in their jobs .
Led by Anglo-Irish and followed `` foolishly '' by Allied Irish Banks and Bank of Ireland , banks had recklessly sucked billions out of the cheap wholesale markets but had nobody to lend to – because the population was already fully housed . So they created the artificial property development bubble , said Morgan .
You usually you get about 5 % of your national income from building houses ; by the mid-2000s this had risen to 15 % . During 2006 and 2007 we were building as many houses as Britain which is 15 times our size .
Property market has n't bottomed out
Kelly 's speech comes just months after they warned that Ireland was facing bankruptcy and should default on the bank debt . Months earlier , they warned that banks were not admitting a new wave of mortgage default could see their bad debts default .
And they have n't changed their view . Anyone who thinks the country 's property – in some parts down as much as 60 % from the peak – has bottomed out , think again .
Outdoor Shooting Range Concerns Mo . Conservation Department
COLUMBIA - The Missouri Conservation Department has been increasing enforcement in the Rocky Fork Shooting Range from the beginning of this year . Being so popular the range raises worrying issues , mainly littering and gun safety . The range is based just couple of miles north of Columbia .
`` I 've never seen it like this . In five years , I 've never seen this much trash on the ground , '' said leisure shooter Bryan King .
From more than 100 outdoor shooting ranges in Missouri , only five are staffed with full-time employers . Those ranges are based around bigger urban areas - St. Louis , Kansas City and Springfield . The other ranges , including the Rocky Fork Shooting Range , are unstaffed and free for everyone .
`` It 's always having been kind of honor system , where everyone picks up their own trash when they 're done and throws it in the dumpster they 've provided for us , '' said King .
The main littering problems include not picking up shotgun hulls and paper targets .
Tony Legg , State Hunter Education and Range Coordinator for the Missouri Department of Conservation , said officers come more often , sometimes monitor ranges for an entire day and write tickets if they are needed .
`` Sometimes it helps just being in the shooting range and observing , '' said Scott Rice , Conservation Agent responsible for the Rocky Fork Shooting Range . They said that agents from other counties and officers from other law enforcement agencies , such as highway patrol troopers , come to help monitor the range . Rice said maintenance staff on regular basis comes to clear the range , however , high cost is a big issue .
Popularity of the range causes safety problems as well . `` It can get pretty crowded out here . I had an experience out here when some individuals basically stepped out of the vehicle , walked down here with the rifle and started shooting without paying attention that I was down range a little bit . That was one of the big reasons why I do n't come here anymore , '' said Matt Parker , avid shooter from Boonville .
`` What can be done ? I do n't know . Maybe having someone out here more often , '' said Parker . They said newcomers maybe should come with or find somebody in the range that could explain all the rules and safety issues .
Rice said the most important rules that conservation agents have to remind to people include : safe firearms handling , keeping the muzzle pointed in the safe direction , making sure that nobody is down the range before start shooting from the stations , communicating will all the shooters .
`` The Wildlife Code is the backbone from which we write our tickets . There is a section in it that addresses shooting ranges , '' said conservation agent Rice .
According to the conservation department , around 350,000 people come to unstaffed Missouri shooting ranges every year .
In the United States , Missouri is significantly ahead with a number of shooting ranges . Missouri runs third of around 300 ranges that use Pittman-Robertson Act Funds nationwide .
September 12 , 2016
Thousands of students at Long Island University-Brooklyn walked out of classes at noon today in solidarity with their professors who have been locked out of teaching .
Students are not getting the education they deserve and professors are not being fully compensated . Meanwhile , students are paying for classes that are being taught by substitutes , including unqualified administrators . If LIU 's administration is successful , this will set a dangerous precedent for higher education institutions in America . That 's wrong .
Our campaign has said that instead of entering the workforce to be creative risk takers , today 's students have been shackled by crushing debt .
Ajamu Baraka and Jill Stein have advocated a plan to cancel student debt and make college tuition-free since before their Green Party nomination .
Call to action : Support the LIU-Brooklyn teachers now !
Please join the demonstration at the campus to show your support : Long Island University-Brooklyn , 1 University Plaza , Brooklyn , NY 11201
It 's in our hands !
The Stein/Baraka Campaign Team
P.S . Respond to the call for students , teachers and supporters to show up at the campus to stand in solidarity with locked out teachers . Join them at Long Island University-Brooklyn , 1 University Plaza , Brooklyn , NY 11201
A recent study on the small business sectors in different countries has knocked down the notion that the U.S. economic policy welcomes and fosters entrepreneurs . Rather , the Center for Economic and Policy Research , which conducted the study , found that the United States has one the smallest small business sectors—as a portion of total national employment—in the world .
The study looked at 22 wealthy industrialized nations and found that the United States had the second lowest share of self-employed workers , ahead of only Luxembourg . The United States also ranked close to the bottom in terms of the portion of the work force employed in small business manufacturing : the U.S. share of 11.1 % compares with 14.4 % in Sweden and 18.1 % in the United Kingdom
In other words , despite a long tradition of celebrating self-starters and business owners who create jobs and collectively serve as a powerful economic engine , the United States has a comparatively weak and small business sector .
While the study 's authors theorize that high health costs are to blame for the lack of a more robust small business sector , what 's even more striking is how many would-be entrepreneurs agreed . A New York Times blog earlier this month about the study generated a flurry of responses , which were overwhelmingly in agreement that unfriendly health care policies were choking the small business sector .
“ For most entrepreneurs , the biggest cause of hesitation before starting a business is the lack of health insurance , ” wrote one former small business owner . “ You can plan for the loss of income while you start a business , but you ca n't plan for a health problem . This becomes truly frightening when you 're out there by yourself . Entrepreneurs are famous for their ability to imagine they can overcome any obstacle , but it 's hard for any responsible adult— especially one with a family—to justify taking a chance like that. ” The commenter stressed that for most small business owners , high health care costs represented a much larger impediment than corporate tax rates .
“ It 's absolutely true that health care costs are stifling small business formations , ” said another commenter . “ I 'm a 50-something male with routine health issues . The pre-existing screening of health providers makes me uninsurable , as a practical matter , for anything I 'm likely to need coverage . The private pay fees are a multiple of the insurance reimbursement making the whole thing untenable . ”
Both the study and the comments it generated support some recent EPI research that health care reform would be good for small business . EPI 's recent Briefing Paper , Health Care Reform : Big Benefits for Small Businesses , noted that only 35 % of businesses employing fewer than 10 workers currently offer health insurance , and those that do usually pass on a higher share of the cost to workers than do larger businesses . A key problem , the research paper finds , is that small businesses typically pay more for health insurance because of the way policies are sold . Reform that would create more competition among insurers and reduce their administrative costs would significantly reduce the cost small businesses incur providing health insurance , it finds .
Other research from EPI 's director of health policy research , Elise Gould , challenges the popular argument made by opponents of health care reform , that reform would impose a heavy cost on small businesses . In Small Business and Health Reform , Gould notes that the proposed surcharge on high incomes contained in the House health reform bill would not affect the overwhelming majority of small business owners .
Although the level of self-employment and small business employment in the United States is already low by comparison to peer countries , it appears that even more of these self starters could be forced to abandon their work if health care remains so expensive . “ After nearly a decade of self-employment I took a full-time job two years ago , ” wrote yet another individual commenting on the study 's findings . “ The primary reason was health insurance . ”
Legal cannabis could be just a click away for Quebecers once Canada 's new marijuana law comes into effect , Radio-Canada has learned .
The Quebec government plans to table its own legislation to manage legal marijuana sales Thursday , Radio-Canada has confirmed , and it intends to manage online marijuana sales through the SAQ , Quebec 's publicly owned liquor agency .
Neighbouring New Brunswick has yet to work out details , but provincial leaders there have told CBC News that customers might pay for the product online and then pick it up at an official retail store .
That province is also considering having trained staff deliver the product to people 's homes .
Postal workers to deliver cannabis
The Quebec model would entail Canada Post delivery of the product ordered from the SAQ website , sources say .
Quebec is expected to become the third province in Canada to propose legislation to manage legal marijuana sales this week , when Public Health Minister Lucie Charlebois tables the bill . ( CBC )
Before handing over the package , a postal employee would check identification to ensure the customer is of legal age and ask to see proof of the online purchase .
Canada Post already delivers alcohol ordered online through the SAQ , and it has been handling the delivery of medical marijuana since 2013 .
Online sales to ensure access
The online service would ensure a legal source for customers who will not have access to a physical store .
Initially , at least , the province only intends to set up 20 SAQ stores across Quebec to sell marijuana on site , Radio-Canada has learned .
In Ontario , a subsidiary of the LCBO , that province 's liquor board , will only have 40 retail stores set up to sell the drug when it becomes legal next summer . That number is expected to grow to 150 by 2020 .
In a September 2017 news conference , the Ontario government said it is capping the number of stores for now because it 's not clear whether federally licensed wholesalers will be able to supply enough product for a large network .
However , Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the web-based delivery system will help fill in the gaps in rural areas .
`` Online is available to everyone , '' Sousa said .
Even in provinces where the retail regime for selling legal pot is n't set by the time the law changes , consumers will likely be able to make use of online sales .
`` In those provinces or territories that have yet to authorize retailers , adults would be able to purchase cannabis directly from a federally licenced producer by ordering online with secure delivery at home by mail , '' a government page last updated in April 2017 says .
OSIRIS-REx to Hunt for Earth ‘ Trojans '
The so-called ‘ trojan ' asteroids that cluster at 60° ahead and behind the planet Jupiter makes up a surprisingly populous category . Consider that thus far we have found only one trojan at Earth 's Lagrangian points , while over 6000 have been discovered in Jupiter 's orbit . The total number of trojans larger than 1 km in diameter associated with Jupiter has been estimated to be about 1 million , which matches up well with objects of equivalent size in the main asteroid belt . These days ‘ trojans ' can also refer to similar bodies associated with other planets . We know , for example , of about 20 trojans involved with Neptune .
That solitary Earth trojan , 2010 TK 7 , was discovered oscillating around Earth 's L 4 Lagrangian point in 2010 by the NEOWISE team using NASA 's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer spacecraft . The object has a diameter of about 300 meters ; its oscillations take it back and forth on a nearly 400-year cycle that at times puts it close to opposite the Sun with respect to the Earth . On the other side of its elongated loop of the L 4 point , it can close to within about 20 million kilometers of Earth .
What catches the eye here is that 2010 TK 7 's orbit may have , within the past 2000 years , oscillated about the L 5 Lagrangian point instead of L 4 . This seems to be an unstable libration , a fact that makes predicting its future course problematic . That 's why I 'm interested in what scientists at the University of Arizona are doing with the OSIRIS-REx mission . Between February 9 and 20 , the spacecraft 's onboard camera suite will be activated to search for other Earth trojans .
Image : In February 2017 , the OSIRIS-REx spacecraft will undertake a search for Earth-Trojan asteroids while on its outbound journey to the asteroid Bennu . Earth trojans are asteroids that share an orbit with Earth while remaining near a stable point 60 degrees in front of or behind the planet . ( Illustration : OSIRIS-REx/UA ) .
The problem with Earth 's trojans , assuming there is more than one , is that they are hard to find because from the Earth 's vantage point , they appear close to the Sun . OSIRIS-REx will deploy its MapCam imager to scan the regions where we might expect trojans to exist . The observations have a tactical purpose as well — consider them a warm-up for the encounter with the asteroid Bennu ( 1999 RQ 36 ) , the target of OSIRIS-REx . Checking for rocky material near Bennu will be critical as the spacecraft closes in for surface mapping in 2018 . The mission will also attempt to return a sample of the asteroid to the Earth .
From a University of Arizona news release :
“ The Earth-Trojan asteroid search provides a substantial advantage to the OSIRIS-REx mission , ” said Dante Lauretta , OSIRIS-REx principal investigator and professor of planetary science at the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory . “ Not only do we have the opportunity to discover new members of an asteroid class , but more importantly , we are practicing critical mission operations in advance of our arrival at Bennu , which ultimately reduces mission risk . ”
So we may learn soon whether more Earth trojans exist , perhaps choosing one day to mine them for rare elements , although 2010 TK 7 is not itself a good candidate for such operations ( at least early on ) because of its highly inclined orbit . Other near-Earth asteroids present better options .
Image : The inner Solar System , from the Sun to Jupiter . Also includes the asteroid belt ( the white donut-shaped cloud ) , the Hildas ( the orange “ triangle ” just inside the orbit of Jupiter ) , the Jupiter trojans ( green ) , and the near-Earth asteroids . The group that leads Jupiter are called the “ Greeks ” and the trailing group are called the “ Trojans ” ( Murray and Dermott , Solar System Dynamics , pg . 107 ) . Credit : Wikimedia Commons .
A man set themselves on fire Sunday near a gas station in Yehud in central Israel .
Akiva Mapay , a 50-year-old resident of Bareket , is in critical condition , suffering from severe burns over 80 percent of their body . Paramedics arrived on the scene and began treatment . They were later transferred to Sheba Medical Center .
The man is reportedly a disabled veteran and was using a wheelchair . According to Walla News , they were known to the state welfare services and was treated by a social worker .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
An eyewitness told Army Radio that passersby tried to extinguish the flames using water . “ I saw a man with a wheelchair . Their clothes were burning ; they were writhing on the ground and screaming with pain . ”
The man 's brother told Ynet News that they had long been frustrated by state bureaucracy and had tried to commit suicide in the past . They also said their brother had threatened to imitate Moshe Silman who set publicly themselves on fire last Saturday .
Earlier this month a social activist , 57-year-old Moshe Silman , set themselves on fire during a social justice protest in Tel Aviv . They suffered third-degree burns over 94 percent of their body and subsequently died on Friday . Their funeral was set to take place on Sunday evening .
Since then at least three people have threatened to light themselves on fire , but were stopped by passersby .
Chairman of the IDF Disabled Veterans Organization Haim Bar said that the Defense Ministry rejected the man 's claim for additional funds in 1997 after determining that a stroke they suffered was unrelated to their army injury .
These days , Mr. Johnson , 35 , is n't quite sure which end he 'd rather be on . Their success has meant a significant uptick in professional obligations , creating painful disruptions that are hard to talk about . Mr. Johnson barely moves when they speak , and they dole out words stingily , suggesting steady discomfort , as if holding their breath and waiting for the moment to pass .
“ There was a time in my life I was n't too far away from a good friend , ” they said , “ and for the past three years , it 's been just me and my road family. ” Their schedule has taken a toll on their relationship with Kylee , their young daughter by their ex-wife , Amy . “ Her friends are coming home and showing their dads what they did in school today . They do n't have that option . ”
Like so many other people in Mr. Johnson 's life , they get a song , “ Baby Do n't Cry ” : “ You 're never alone/When you need your daddy/Just pick up the phone . ”
Only a few songs on this album feel specific to Mr. Johnson 's moment , but they 're easily the most affecting , the ones that slowly , surely strangle any romantic idea of what it 's like to be on top . “ I guess I 'm going to have to learn to be happy with it , ” they said , “ because I 'm running out of people to bitch at. ” The long hair , the scraggly beard , the cheeks just this side of ruddy , the ease in talking about life 's murky corners : Mr. Johnson is often labeled an outlaw in the spirit of Waylon Jennings and Merle Haggard .
Photo
But it 's a lazy designation that appears to be less meaningful on this album than the last , which at least engaged directly with substance abuse . The struggles are softer here . “ I thought Jack Daniel 's was the working man 's tea/It was the window to the life I used to lead , ” they sing on “ Good Times Ai n't What They Used to Be , ” the peppiest song on the second disc , which is meant to be the more optimistic of the two , though only barely . One song , “ Ca n't Cash My Checks , ” refers to the growing of marijuana , and “ My Way to You , ” with its talk of white lines and high times , only obliquely refers to cocaine .
Long before Mr. Johnson was an outlaw of any sort , or even a sometimes surly resident of the country-music charts , they were a careful student of country songwriting . They learned guitar at their father 's knee as a child growing up poor in Alabama . They earned a music scholarship to Jacksonville State University — “ I whizzed through music theory , ” they said — but left school after finding it too restrictive .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After moving to Nashville in 2000 , they owned a construction company while singing demos for local songwriters . When their own career was n't taking off , they made a name for themselves as a songwriter and had a hand in Trace Adkins 's hit tribute to the female anatomy , “ Honky Tonk Badonkadonk. ” They also won song of the year awards from the Country Music Association and the Academy of Country Music for “ Give It Away , ” a wry breakup song that was a No . 1 Billboard country hit for George Strait . Mr. Johnson may be dark , but he 's funny .
Their first major-label album , “ The Dollar ” ( BNA ) , from 2006 , was a mildly tougher variation on Nashville norms ; the title track was their first and only hit before they were dropped . In the downtime that followed , they made brief , cryptic appearances on “ Nashville , ” an ill-fated 2007 Fox reality show about country music . Asked about it in an interview last year , they were succinct : “ Never ask me about that show again. ” It was the inspiration for “ Playing the Part ” on the new album , in which Mr. Johnson skewers themselves for their skewed ambition : “ It 's so complicated , I really hate it/Why 'd I ever wan na go so far/Taking depression pills in the Hollywood Hills . ”
In recent years , the idea of outlaw country has become a stand-in for a ragged , pugnacious sound that flies in the face of mainstream Nashville 's polish . But while Mr. Johnson is a clear student of the outlaw movement of the 1960s and '70s , he 's not interested in replicating it .
Photo
“ That Lonesome Song ” was a deeply distilled take on outlaw country , stripping bare its hyperactivity and posturing , leaving only bubbling resentment behind that played well with Mr. Johnson 's stoicism . But Mr. Johnson is also a naturally smooth singer — there 's barely a rasp to be heard in their voice , which sounds stern but is deceptively supple — and for all its melancholy , “ The Guitar Song ” is a mellow album . It does n't repudiate its predecessor so much as cast it in a different light .
They took a catholic approach to assembling it , mixing their own material with covers of tunes by Mel Tillis and Vern Gosdin among others , blurring and rewriting the tradition he 's meant to be upholding . Mr. Johnson has earned the right to their idiosyncrasies , even if they 're not musical . “ I 'm nobody 's slave , ” they said indignantly . “ I 'm nobody 's property at all , of any kind. ” But like many rebels , he 's not a loose cannon ; he 's just adhering to a different set of values than the ones expected of him . Their cover of Mr. Gosdin 's “ Set 'Em Up Joe , ” recorded the morning after Mr. Gosdin died last year , is lighthearted and faithful , and their take on Kris Kristofferson 's “ For the Good Times ” is downright tender . ( His toughest number , the savage “ Mental Revenge , ” is a Tillis cover . )
Much of the album is given over to gentle , elegantly written heartbreak numbers like “ That 's How I Do n't Love You ” and “ Thankful for the Rain ” ( “ I guess I should be thankful for/All the nights of straight downpours/And soaking up every drop I get. ” ) . “ Even the Skies Are Blue , ” one of the finest moments , is a beautiful , plangent piece of modern country-soul :
These are hard days
Heavy old heart days
Dead string guitar days
The Devil is picking their tune
That Mr. Johnson would like to be left alone to tend to their craft is most clear on “ That 's Why I Write Songs , ” recorded after hours at the Ryman Auditorium , the onetime home of the Grand Ole Opry and one of Nashville 's most hallowed spaces . As they alternate between plainspoken talk and soft crooning — “ I remember how it blew my mind/When I played a song and watched a grown man cry ” — the space in the room is palpable , as if you 're listening to them from high up in an empty mezzanine . They sound alone , and happy about it .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Needless to say , an artist so invested in mood is bound to have an agonized relationship with country radio , generally the primary engine of industry success . On this subject , too , Mr. Johnson is firm : “ There 's no answer I want to give on that . ”
But when left to their own devices , they can be expansive , speaking at length about producing a coming album for the Blind Boys of Alabama . A week of recording sessions in Nashville included appearances by George Jones , Hank Williams Jr. , Vince Gill , Bobby Bare , the Oak Ridge Boys and more . Mr. Johnson also flew in their father , who sang on one song . “ There was n't one person who did n't bawl like a baby or bust their heart open at least once , ” they said . Mr. Johnson spent a handful of days in New York this month , feeling the tug of obligation . They played at Joe 's Pub as part of the Country Music Association 's Songwriters Series , where they briefly nodded off onstage .
The next night , at the Highline Ballroom , their show began sluggishly . Mr. Johnson looked fatigued , maybe bored . For more than an hour , they gave a lonely , desolate performance , which seemed to crawl to a stop with a version of the George Jones chestnut “ He Stopped Loving Them Today ” and a dark version of “ In Color , ” a final nail of dolor .
But then something shook loose in Mr. Johnson . They told the audience to put their cameras away , lest they capture them at something short of their best and most sober . “ You enjoy your night off , ” they said dryly , “ Let me enjoy mine. ” Then the band burst into a familiar cover to match the mood , one that Mr. Johnson appeared all too happy to sing : “ Take This Job and Shove It . ”
The reason for the link is unclear Adults who suffer chronic sleep problems may be more likely to try to commit suicide , US research suggests . Doctors are being warned to be vigilant if a patient reports disturbed sleep - even if they have no history of mental health problems . The more types of sleep disturbances people had , the more likely they were to have thoughts of killing themselves , or actually try to do so . The study will be presented at a World Psychiatric Association meeting . This study reinforces the fact that good sleep is vital for good physical , mental and emotional health
Dr Neil Stanley
Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital The World Health Organization estimates that about 877,000 people worldwide die by suicide every year . For every death up to 40 suicide attempts are made . Scientists have consistently linked sleep disturbances to an increased risk of suicidal behaviour in people with psychiatric disorders and in adolescents . But it has been unclear whether the association also exists in the general adult population . Sleep disturbance A University of Michigan team examined the relationship over one year between sleep problems , and suicidal behaviour in 5,692 Americans . During the course of the year 2.6 % of the sample had suicidal thoughts , and 0.5 % were recorded as making a suicide attempt . INSOMNIA On any given night one in three people will be struggling with insomnia Women twice as likely to be affected 10 % of people have clinical insomnia Can be treated with techniques such as cognitive behaviour therapy They looked at three types of sleep problems - difficulty falling asleep , difficulty staying asleep and waking at least two hours earlier than desired . The researchers took account of factors such as substance abuse , depression , anxiety disorder , and physical illness , as well as social factors such as marriage and financial status . People with two or more symptoms of insomnia were 2.6 times more likely to report a suicide attempt than those whose sleep was not disturbed . Early morning waking was the single trait most strongly linked to suicidal behaviour . Lead researcher Dr Marcin Wojnar said : `` The presence of sleep problems should alert doctors to assess such patients for a heightened risk of suicide even if they do n't have a psychiatric condition . `` Our findings also raise the possibility that addressing sleep problems could reduce the risk of suicidal behaviours . '' Underlying link Dr Wojnar said it was possible that sleep disorders and suicidal thoughts were both the manifestation of a troubled psyche , or that poor sleep drove people to thoughts of suicide . Most people with insomnia manage the effects very well
Dr Daniel Freeman
Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London But they also suggested there could be an underlying physiological link between the two which was not clear . Experts have suggested that a lack of sleep might affect the way the brain works , leading to poor judgement and less ability to control impulses . It is also suspected that both sleep disorders and suicidal thoughts might be linked to an imbalance in the chemical serotonin , which plays a key role in regulating mood . Dr Daniel Freeman , of the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London , said the study showed that insomnia was very common , and could have a significant effect on psychological well-being . They said : `` It is very plausible that suicidal thoughts , which happen when we are depressed and find it hard to think our way out of our problems , have been linked to insomnia . `` However it needs to be remembered that insomnia is very common and suicidal thoughts less so . Most people with insomnia manage the effects very well . `` Insomnia only triggers severe problems for people with a pre-existing vulnerability . '' Sleep important Dr Neil Stanley , a sleep expert at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , said : `` This study reinforces the fact that good sleep is vital for good physical , mental and emotional health . `` Poor sleep has long been linked with an increased risk of depression , but this study suggests that the increased risk of suicidal behaviour is not necessarily linked to depression and thus can affect those that doctors might not feel are at risk . `` It is another demonstration of the importance , both as an individual and as a society , of getting good sleep . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why does the EPA need a $ 715 million police force , a $ 170 million PR Machine , a nearly $ 1 billion employment agency for seniors , and a $ 1.2 billion in-house law firm ?
During last week 's Democratic presidential primary debate , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said the most important adversary of the United States was “ climate change. ” The EPA is ready for the fight in ways taxpayers have n't imagined .
Recently , our organization , American Transparency , published our OpenTheBooks Oversight Report – U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . We captured and analyzed $ 110 billion worth of EPA contracts ( FY2000-2014 ) , grants ( FY2000-2014 ) , salaries ( FY2007-2014 ) and bonuses ( FY2007-2014 ) .
We were n't surprised to discover a large , powerful and aggressive governmental organization . From its birth by the Executive Order of President Richard Nixon , the EPA has staked out an adversarial position vs. American business to protect the environment .
What we did n't expect to learn is that if the EPA knocks on your door , its enforcers may come equipped with the latest in weaponry and technology .
Since 2006 , the EPA Criminal Enforcement Program spent approximately $ 715 million fighting ‘ enviro-crime . ' With 200 Special Agents , the EPA also spent millions of dollars on military-style weaponry .
For example : $ 2.1 million purchased guns and ammo up to 300MM - the majority of these expenditures were on weapons “ up to 30MM ” ( $ 1.73 million ) .
Other checkbook entries included body armor , camouflage and deceptive equipment , unmanned aircraft , night vision , radar equipment , tactical sets , kits , and outfits , transport vehicles passenger and troop , and $ 6.6 million in joint “ policing ” projects with Homeland Security . EPA also purchased shotgun ammunition , Bushmaster rifles , mobile GPS units , puncture-protective gloves , amphibious assault ships , and much more .
In addition to the EPA police force , a division of nearly 200 “ Public Affairs Officers ” were paid salaries of $ 145 million since 2007 . Seven out of 10 PR staffers also received performance bonuses . But even that was n't enough . The EPA also spent $ 26 million with outside PR consulting firms since 2000 .
Yet , the EPA 's PR spending was dwarfed by the lawyers . The EPA loves lawyers . Nearly $ 1.2 billion in salary flowed to more than 1,000 lawyers since 2007 . In fact , more money was spent on “ General Attorneys ” than on chemists , general health scientists , ecologists , chemists , microbiologists , geologists , hydrologists , toxicologists , biologists , physical scientists , and health physicists combined .
When the EPA is sued , the Department of Justice defends the EPA in court . So , why does the EPA need 1,020 lawyers ? One reason is to advance the EPA 's anti-capitalist Environmental Justice movement and it 's $ 32 million in grants . Environmental Justice essentially declares that corporations are bad because the pollution from capitalism , through the effects of climate change , disproportionally harms minorities and the poor .
While the EPA self-righteously promotes Environmental Justice , the agency is n't treating its senior workforce with economic justice . Nearly $ 1 billion was spent on the Senior Environmental Employment Program ( SEE ) to hire retired or unemployed seniors to use their life experience to better the environment . Under EPA directives , a senior civil engineer in Iowa is paid $ 12.87 per hour and many seniors make as little as $ 7.87 per hour .
This ‘ senior pay ' program stands in stark contrast to the highly compensated EPA regular workforce . Seven out of every 10 EPA employees make over $ 100,000 per year and $ 144 million in performance bonuses were awarded since 2007 . A few bonuses reached $ 60,000 a year .
The EPA also makes sure its enviro-warriors enjoy stylish accommodations . Last month at Forbes , we showcased the EPA purchase of over $ 92 million in luxury , high-end furniture leases , purchases , moving , and expenses .
Here 's a snapshot of further findings :
If the EPA was one of the fifty states , last year they would rank 42 nd based on total annual spending .
If the EPA was one of the fifty states , last year they would rank 42 based on total annual spending . Ranked against the largest American law firms , with 1,020 in-house lawyers , EPA would rank 14 th the largest private law firm in the country .
Ranked against the largest American law firms , with 1,020 in-house lawyers , EPA would rank 14 largest private law firm in the country . With $ 72 billion in grants since 2000 , EPA would rank as the largest private foundation in the country . This is 20 times the giving by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
Did we mention the EPA also possesses your meta-data footprint ? That includes personal credit histories , business data , private property details , utility records , and state police “ Leeds ” arrest/criminal files . So much for civil liberties .
Last week during the debate , Sanders issued a “ climate change ” clarion call . Little did taxpayers know the EPA already was amassing weapons . Now it 's time for taxpayers to arm themselves with facts and expose the EPA 's spending habits before we lose even more freedom to this overzealous and bloated federal agency .
Adam Andrzejewski is the Chairman of American Transparency ( website : OpenTheBooks.com ) and the author of the OpenTheBooks Oversight Report - EPA , click here for a PDF copy .
Hello again ( again ) . So something interesting came up in this thread : http : //boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/story-art/HALQfHsu-marvelous-portrait-of-taric-on-surfer-singeds-updated-textures Namely , a discussion around hair . Yes . Hair . https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=w_zaSKZks1A Bur seriously , there 's a thought swimming in my head about slanting Taric a little more `` modern '' . Even the term `` metrosexual '' came up , mainly referring to a well-kempt , good looking gentleman that 's fashionable and , for lack of a better term , `` modern '' . Some of my explorations lean this way . I 'll emphasize * * explorations * * as this is super early concept stuff . In part II of this discussion .. http : //boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/story-art/a7ulBkBM-so-what-do-you-guys-wanna-do-with-taric-part-ii-pics-or-it-didnt-happen .. we talked about visual reference , asking what people were looking for in our favorite gem knight . A lot of fancy paladin art came up , sort of standard fantasy fair . The traditional suit of armor that 's nicely ornamented and beautiful . But , it begs a question . What can separate Taric out from a standard paladin ? One idea that 's been floated in giving them that `` modern '' twist I mentioned . What does this mean ? Well , it can mean a lot of things . One thing is their hair . Hair often can define modernity and current fashion trends . The way I perceive it is that the poof that Taric sorta has now dates them quite a bit . The suggestion was made to give them more of a modern cut , and therefore , give them more relatable , and current , style . I 'm wondering that maybe we do n't stop there . Maybe we push them to feel `` modern '' and fashionable all over . I 'm not talking about futuristic , or runway high-fashion , but I 'm wondering if it 'd be a valuable exercise to ask for ideas about what people think a `` Modern Paladin '' could look like . Maybe supply some images that stress Taric 's beauty and charm , but also set them apart from sword-and-sorcery fantasy . Not that that sort of fantasy is bad , but I 'm looking to see what sort of spin we might be able to put on Taric that is n't just an armor set . I think exploring fashion , modern trends , and more contemporary looks might yield some results . What do you think ?
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Samsung has mostly kept quiet about its KitKat update plans since the software came out in late October , but today the company 's American arm announced a list of devices that will be getting an update . Android 4.4 updates will be provided to `` select carrier variants '' of the Galaxy Note 3 , Galaxy Note II , Galaxy S 4 , Galaxy S 4 Mini , Galaxy S 4 Active , Galaxy S 4 Zoom , Galaxy S III , Galaxy S III mini , Galaxy Mega , Galaxy Light , Galaxy Note 8.0 , Galaxy Tab 3 , Galaxy Note 10.1 , and the Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition .
The list of devices receiving the update says two things about Samsung : first , it 's not too bad about providing continued support compared to other Android OEMs , at least for its most popular handsets . A two-year support window seems to be a reasonable expectation , if you buy new devices around the time they 're released . Second , it offers a truly dizzying array of phones and tablets that would confuse even the most informed consumer ( I had to Google the Galaxy Light before I even knew what it was ) . Other handset makers , like HTC , whom we 'll pick on only because it provided us a recent and prominent example , seem to have trouble keeping even their flagship phones updated for that long . Even though we do n't have a release window for any of Samsung 's updates yet , this is good news for most of its customers .
Aside from the under-the-hood upgrades included with KitKat , updated devices will receive a handful of Samsung-specific features , including a new Location Menu , an `` Enhanced Messaging '' function that will allow you to choose between Samsung 's Messages app or Google Hangouts for texting and will support a wider number of emojis , and upgraded Google ( GMS ) apps . Samsung 's Android 4.3 update , which has already rolled out to a fair number of the listed devices , included a handful of other features , including support for the Galaxy Gear smartwatch .
Moving is a drag for ten-year-old Chihiro , until they discover she 's meant to work in a bathhouse for the spirit world .
Director : Hayao Miyazaki
Best quote : “ There must be some mistake : None of these pigs are my parents ! ”
Defining moment : Tea and cakes with the monstrous Yubaba and No-Face—a moment in the same surreal league as Lewis Carroll .
The apex of Japanese animation—to fans worldwide , all animation—is one of cinema 's finest tales of untrammeled imagination . It 's a movie that emboldens children to embrace weirdness and wonder , and adults to remember how they once did . The plot is a stew of essential anxieties : dislocation , separation from one 's parents , fear of disappearing forever . Even more thoroughly , Spirited Away is a compendium of ancient folklores—the secret lives of radishes and other gods , the sins we commit against nature , their punishments . But as brilliantly woven together by Hayao Miyazaki ( at the peak of their creative gifts ) , the movie is basically a story about growing up . The world is strange ; let 's not fool ourselves . But maybe we , as human beings , are stranger . Chihiro is constantly ( and riotously ) told that they reek ; they fumble around and incites fury . The lesson here is humility in the face of immortal forces . Critics were wowed , sensing parallels with Japan 's busted economic bubble and polluted streams . Yet the content was—and is—strong enough to stand on its own , a palimpsest of psychology , dreams and fear brought to life by exquisite craft . No film on our list speaks more to the inner animal and anima ; is it any wonder those words are so close to animation ? —Joshua Rothkopf
Buy , rent or watch Spirited Away
Cook Political Report , a top election analysis group , has changed its rating for the Ohio seat held by the chairperson of the National Republican Congressional Committee ( NRCC ) , suggesting that the prospect of a Democratic win in the district is now more likely .
Ohio 's 15th District , which is currently held by NRCC chairperson Steve Stivers Steven ( Steve ) Ernst StiversNew push to open banks to marijuana industry Steve King asks for Congressional Record correction over white supremacist quote Rep. Steve King pushes GOP to reinstate their committee assignments MORE ( R ) , has been changed from “ Solid Republican ” to “ Likely Republican '' by Cook .
As the head of the NRCC , House Republicans ' campaign arm , Stivers is tasked with ensuring that Republicans are elected to the House .
Dave Wasserman , the House editor at Cook Political Report , tweeted Friday that one poll showed a “ surprisingly close ” race against Stivers .
Hearing of a poll in # OH15 showing Dem in a surprisingly close race against NRCC Chair Rep. Steve Stivers ( R ) . Makes sense : @ CookPolitical PVI is only R+7 & district includes Athens & Columbus burbs . — Dave Wasserman ( @ Redistrict ) December 14 , 2017
Cook announced the change in its rankings on Friday . The handicapper also shifted its rating for Pennsylvania 's 18th District , formerly held by Rep. Tim Murphy Tim MurphyFemale Dems see double standard in Klobuchar accusations Pennsylvania New Members 2019 Poll : Lamb has double-digit lead in Pennsylvania House race MORE ( R ) , from “ Likely Republican ” to “ Lean Republican . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Murphy resigned last month after it was reported that they urged a woman with whom they were having an affair to have an abortion .
The two changes follow Tuesday 's Alabama special election and Sen.-elect Doug Jones 's ( D ) stunning victory over opponent Roy Moore Roy Stewart MooreDoug Jones gets challenger in Alabama Senate race Republican state official faces pushback for comments on Sinema 's attire Hillicon Valley : Dem blasts groups behind Senate campaign disinformation effort | FCC chief declines to give briefing on location-data sales | Ocasio-Cortez tops lawmakers on social media | Trump officials to ease drone rules MORE ( R ) .
The race to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they have n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE 's former Senate seat was vaulted into the national spotlight after Moore was accused of sexual misconduct by multiple women , including one woman who said they initiated a sexual encounter with them when they were a teenager and they were in their 30s .
Jones became the first Democrat to win a Senate seat in Alabama since 1992 , and their victory tightens Senate Republicans ' margin in the Senate , giving them just a 51-49 edge .
ATTN : This is an independently sourced story EXCLUSIVE to Tamaratattles.com theft of this article will result in bad karma , Ebola virus , and syphilis . Would n't it just be smarter to use a small portion with a clear link to this page as the source ?
I managed to get in touch with Source who is in Puerto Rico at the moment . All of the RHOA flew in yesterday for their girls trip for season seven . The weather may be hot but the fighting is even hotter . Already . On day one .
The premise of the trip is that new housewife , Demetria McKinney has a “ concert ” this week in San Juan , Puerto Rico . Demetria is an actor and singer and has recently released a single , 100 , to coincide with their stint on RHOA . That said , I ca n't find any publicity online for where exactly Demetria is singing . I admit I did n't try that hard because it really does n't matter . Once again I find this piece super hard to write because Source gives me bits and pieces of information that I have to sort of pile up and put together like a puzzle later . And by then things may have changed once again .
Demetria made it through their test shoots to full-time housewives despite things being very iffy during the test shooting process . It seems they decided that Demetria did n't need to “ fit in ” because this is expected to be Nene 's last year 's at RHOA . She 's had numerous meltdowns during filming and on Twitter . They “ ca n't wait to be done with these women. ” So the fact that Demetria is smart , pretty and abrasive is coming in pretty handy . But it is not winning them any friends with the other ladies . It looks like Kenya and Demetria will be battling it out this season to be HBIC .
The other new housewife is Claudia Jordan . They will not be holding a peach ( at least at this point , but to be quite honest the peaches are being passed around like a game of hot potato ) . For now at least , Claudia will be brought in as Kenya 's friend . Claudia is beautiful and smart and can read someone with the best of them . Source admits that Claudia went in on Nene already on the Puerto Rico trip . It seems a sure thing to make the show . Now Queen in their own mind , Nene is acting up again . It 's only the second day of filming and the fights are glorious . Nene expects new housewives to bow down and kiss the ring and neither Claudia nor Demetria are doing that . In fact , it 's just the opposite .
It seems that Cynthia , Kandi , Phaedra and Porsha are background actors this trip . None of their names was even mentioned now that I think about it . Cynthia and Kandi are both homesick already according to their tweets .
Eight crazy housewives on one trip may be a record . It sounds like Scary Island Part II so far… . I 'll keep you updated .
Share this :
Tweet
