Two men are being charged for the harassment of an alligator after photos were posted online showing the men pouring beer into the reptile 's mouth , the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources said .
The South Carolina Department of Natural Resources began investigating the case after receiving multiple emails and messages from concerned citizens .
Joseph Andrew Floyd Jr. , 20 , and Zachary Lloyd Brown , 21 , admitted to officers that they picked up the alligator after they saw it crossing the road , according to SCDNR . The men then admitted to pouring beer into the animal 's mouth , taking photos and posting them on social media . Floyd Jr. told authorities they released the alligator and watched it swim away in a nearby pond .
`` Wildlife conservation is a big part of what SCDNR officers do each day , '' SCDNR 1st Sgt . Earl Pope said . `` This case is a good example of why we strive to educate people about wildlife in hopes that they will respect it . ''
S. Carolina Pediatrician Stops Taking Unvaccinated Patients
A South Carolina pediatrics office is turning away unvaccinated patients , citing the health and safety of other immunocompromised children who are in danger of catching contagious diseases in the waiting room . Parents say their choices for their unvaccinated children are shrinking . ( Published Tuesday , Feb. 26 , 2019 )
SCDNR is filing the misdemeanor charge of harassing wildlife through the state 's alligator management legislation . The charge comes with a maximum fine of $ 300 . The judge who oversees the case in court will determine the men 's final punishment .
There is federal protection in place to ensure alligators are legally harvested for international trade , but in this case , no federal protection applies .
`` Alligators are protected under state law and even federal law where they are still listed as threatened solely due to their similarity of appearance to other endangered crocodilians worldwide , '' SCDNR Alligator Program Coordinator Jay Butfiloski added .
2009 : Second Warmest Year on Record ; End of The Warmest Decade
Adam Voiland
NASA 's Earth Science News Team
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY , Va .. -- A man has been arrested and three people were treated for injuries after a fight broke out at Golden Corral in Henrico 's West End Monday .
Multiple police and fire units were called to the restaurant at Gaskins Road and West Broad Street at about 12:21 p.m. for an incident described as `` an assault with multiple patients . ''
The fight broke out among cooks in the kitchen , then spilled out into the dining room , according to witnesses and law enforcement sources .
They say former Golden Corral employee , Bahaa Gemin Fayez , was working inside washing dishes when they said other people started bullying them and calling them `` el diablo , '' which is Spanish for `` the devil . ''
He 's accused of then grabbing a two-and-a-half-foot-long skewer used to roast chicken and assaulting two co-workers and a customer .
That customer , we are told , tackled Fayez and held them until police arrived .
Police have charged Fayez with four counts of malicious wounding .
`` I heard people yelling and two guys come flying out of the back area literally in a fist fight brawl , '' witness Stephanie Morton said . `` A customer jumped in and try to stop the fight . ''
Morton , who was enjoying lunch with their husband and child , said before they saw the fight , they heard pots and pans falling in the kitchen .
Henrico Fire spokesperson Capt . Taylor Goodman confirmed three people were transported for treatment .
The extent of the injuries has not yet been released .
Platinum Corral , a franchisee of Golden Corral sent CBS 6 a statement saying the individual responsible has been fired :
“ Our restaurant location at 4050 Gaskins Road in Glen Allen temporarily closed following an isolated internal altercation . We are working closely with authorities to address the incident , and the individual responsible is no longer employed by us . The safety and well-being of our guests and employees are always top priorities for Golden Corral . We appreciate the swift actions of our management staff as well as the rapid response and support of our local first responders . The restaurant is open for business . ”
Anyone with additional information about the fight can submit a news tip here .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Though Hurricane Irene ravaged much of the Eastern Seaboard , it also provided a bit of relief in one place : the Great Dismal Swamp .
A wildfire has been burning in the unforgiving forested marshland in southeastern Virginia since early August , charring more than 6,300 acres at the national wildlife refuge .
But when Hurricane Irene tore its way through North Carolina and Virginia , it drenched the area with about 15 inches of rain and helped douse some of the stubborn fire .
PHOTOS : In the path of the storm
The blaze went from being about 35 % contained to 90 % contained over the weekend , said Catherine Hibbard , spokesperson for the multi-agency effort fighting the blaze , officially known as the Lateral West fire .
“ We 're very thankful , but it 's a double-edged storm , ” Hibbard said . “ It caused a lot of damage , but it 's good that it dumped a lot of water on this fire . ”
Firefighters had been forced to battle not only the extremely difficult terrain , but also the particular nature of a swamp fire . Flames ignited patches of abundant marsh peat -- soil made of partially decayed organic material , such as trees and grasses . The peat smolders and leaves no visible flames to fight , even as it smolders underground .
Crews had been pumping water into the swamp from a nearby lake to flood the smoldering peat , but had trouble reaching certain hot spots .
The hurricane ended up dousing the more intense fires , but left other obstacles for crews , Hibbard said . The remaining hot spots have proved difficult to reach because of flooded roads and fallen trees .
RELATED :
Terrain hinders fire crews in Great Dismal Swamp fire
Irene death toll hits 42 , as recovery efforts are amped up
Tropical Storm Katia grows , expected to become hurricane this week
-- Stephen Ceasar
Photo : Burned and unburned areas of the Great Dismal Swamp after Hurricane Irene passed . Credit : Rob Ostermaier / Daily Press
Well , it happened . Some of the people living in and around Chicago would have told you that it was only a matter of time until Goose Island allowed itself to be bought out , but now Anheuser Busch has gone and done it , for around $ 38 million dollars . Not too shabby for the shareholders .
Thus ends the long stretch of independence for Chicago 's oldest “ microbrewery. ” Founded in 1988 by CEO and owner John Hall , the two Goose Island brewpubs have been Chicago staples for a long , long time as far as craft beer is concerned . Personally , I 've never been to one , as the Goose always came off to me as the big boy in town , and not a place one actually had to visit . Still , this is a sign of the times .
Might as well itemize the changes that people should expect :
Greg Hall , John 's son , will be stepping down as brewmaster . Why ? I have no clue . Head Brewer Brett Porter takes over . By the way–if I ran a brewery , the person with the job title of “ brewmaster ” would do whatever duties the “ head brewer ” does , and we would have fewer grand pooh-bah titles .
Not much else will change . John Hall stays on as CEO , the brewpubs remain open , and AB sinks in a million bucks or so to expand production at one .
That 's about all you really need to know as far as “ what is happening ? ” What 's important at this time , and will be increasingly important going forward , is to realize the impact of this move on the craft beer community , and what a true “ craft beer fan ” ought to do about it .
Ask yourself–if you 're a craft beer fan and do n't drink AB products , what is your reason for not doing so ? Is it only because they produce products that taste like piss ? If that 's the case , then this move really does n't mean that much to you . Now AB will likely be producing products that do n't taste like piss , under the Goose Island name .
But if your beef with AB goes deeper–if you abhor their business practices and ideology , and view them as the Evil Empire that so many of us do , well then , this is a blow if you also like Goose Island products . Because if you feel that AB is the enemy , you ca n't rationally keep purchasing Goose Island beers . Realize what this buyout means–as majority shareholders , that means Anheuser Busch “ owns ” Goose Island–they will be the ones profiting from future success , not the people who built Goose Island into what it is today . You know , the people who gave up on their business to take the buyout . They allowed AB to go from only partial to majority ownership , effectively taking the future of the brewery out of their hands . Currently , AB has no announced plans for sweeping changes , but they now have to power to do just that on a whim .
I personally ca n't see myself buying more Goose Island , knowing that AB will be pulling the strings . And that 's okay , really , because I never drank that much of it anyway . There are so many other breweries in Chicago now that are pushing the envelope in the same way that Goose Island did 10 years ago . I just ran a two-part series a few weeks ago extolling the virtues of breweries like Half Acre , Metropolitan , Piece , Revolution Brewing , Haymarket Brewing , Finch 's Beer Company , and Pipeworks Brewing . Those breweries are ALL LOCATED WITHIN CHICAGO . So please understand that this decision will not impact your ability , dear readers , to get great beer within the city limits if you stop purchasing Goose Island .
So yes . Realize that this means you 'll soon be seeing Goose Island commercials during the Super Bowl , and realize that suddenly Goose Island will be showing up on draft in formerly craft beer-less bars throughout Chicagoland . Honker 's Ale will be rebranded as the Windy City 's most drinkable brew . Oh it 's real . It 's DAMN real .
The buyout is indicative of something I 've noticed in these regional brewers that have long-passed the “ microbrewer ” level–they never , ever seem to want to stop expanding . These companies are never happy to plateau and then have to find a way to continue expanding on their own , through the strength of their product . Instead , brewers like Goose Island or Kona in Hawaii decide they MUST keep growing and seek strategic partnerships with even bigger players to keep the bubble expanding .
I ask you–would it be so awful to not keep growing and expanding into other markets ? Perhaps this is the most naieve business question ever posed , but is there a point at which expansion is no longer worth it , if it means partnering with Beezlebub to install a new production facility ? Honestly .
Something that craft beer geeks and Goose Island defenders will surely point out about the move is that new brewmaster Brett Porter does have an awfully good pedigree–he was head brewer at Deschutes from 2005-2010 and was directly responsible for a lot of their great brews . Forgive me , though , if that does n't get me excited . Anheuser Busch has always hired technically skilled brewers–that does n't mean they get to work on producing great beers . It 's often been said that the best technical brewers in the game are those working on Bud , Miller and Coors , as those beers have a very small margin of error in production–do something wrong , and they might actually have a perceivable flavor . More than anything , I think the correct emotion you should feel for Porter is sad . He 's taking over a large craft brewer , will probably be held back by their owner , and will have even their good efforts shunned by people who hate their corporate masters . That 's a lose-lose situation . Good luck , dude .
So here we are . I ca n't claim to feel actually “ upset ” about this news ; “ disappointed ” is much more accurate . All you Aleheads out there–this is your time to get the word out , so please let everyone know about the changing of the guard in Goose Island 's ownership . The last thing we would want is people still buying the beer , thinking it was produced by owners with souls . As Brother Barley pointed out so many times during the recent Northern Brewer debacle , there are around 1,700 breweries in America , now , and there are so many independent ones . We are blessed to be living in a time where it 's completely unnecessary to have to support a company like Goose Island in order to have access to world-class brews .
UPDATE : In a Chicago Tribune online poll , 86 % of responders say the deal is “ bad news ” for Chicago beer drinkers , 10 % say it “ wo n't make a difference , ” and a measly 4 % think it 's “ good news . ”
UPDATE : Take a look at this letter to Goose Island fans from John Hall . I just do n't understand how they could stand there and say that this deal “ will provide us with the best resources available to continue along our path of growth and innovation ” with that shit-eating grin on theirs face . That is what complete and utter contempt for your key demographic looks like , people . They stand there and is practically PRAISING Anheuser Busch , the company they started their own beer company to combat , the company he 's gone toe-to-toe with in the Chicago market for years , the company that finally got so tired of trying to destroy them that it figured owning them would be easier . And not only is they here to tell you that he 's happy about it–he wants YOU to be happy about it too !
“ Remember that enemy I 've been fighting for most of the past two decades ? Well we 're friends now ! Come embrace him ! He 's your new stepfather ! I 'm sure you 'll grow to like them just as much as you once liked me . ”
UPDATE : Metropolitan Brewing posted on its Facebook wall that it will “ always be independent , family-owned and operated. ” Atta ' boys . Meanwhile , Pipeworks Brewing called the news “ shocking. ” At the same time , the vitriol on Goose Island 's page is shockingly intense . It 's at least 10 to 1 , angry people vs. supporters . It 's going to be very interesting to see how this PR situation plays out . A Facebook group has also been started for people angry about the fallout .
UPDATE : There 's an interview with Greg Hall that just went up on Time Out Chicago ( which is one of my favorite magazines and web sites , by the way ) , where they explain what they can about the decision . They also touch very briefly on their own departure , and the fact that he 'll be staying around in an “ advisor ” -type role for now , “ a minimum of three or four days a month. ” Are they aware that most months have 28 days or more ? Anyway , they essentially say that at age 45 they figure he 's “ already done the beer stuff ” ( his words ) , and plans to do other stuff . You know , with their new big pile of money .
The head of the external intelligence agency , Forsvarets Efterretningstjeneste ( FE ) , is on the defensive ahead of expected revelations about Denmark 's role in spying by the US intelligence agency , NSA .
On Tuesday , Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet revealed that the NSA held so-called metadata about mobile phone calls that it received from Norway .
A document published by Dagbladet shows a bar graph labelled ‘ Norway ' that allegedly shows the volume of intercepted phone calls on a given day .
READ MORE : Denmark is one of the NSA 's ' 9-eyes '
33 million phone calls intercepted
Norwegian intelligence agency yesterday confirmed that , over the space of one month , the agency gathered and shared data on 33 million phone calls with the NSA .
The Norwegians argued , however , that the data was not gathered by the NSA but instead was gathered by the Norwegians abroad in conflict zones abroad and shared with the NSA .
In an interview with Politiken newspaper , FE head Thomas Ahrienkel said that a similar story about Denmark is likely to hit the news .
Not domestic calls
“ That is why I want to state that this is not about the mass surveillance of Danish mobile phone traffic by the US , ” Ahrienkel told Politiken . “ Instead , it 's about the collection of telecommunications that was conducted by FE abroad and then subsequently shared . ”
The information stems from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden and was shared with the media by journalist Glenn Greenwald .
READ MORE : New NSA leak : High level of Danish and US intelligence sharing
Speaking to Politiken , Greenwald argues that the explanation from the intelligence agencies contradicts the data that show the information was gathered “ against ” Norway .
“ I know that what [ they ] are saying is completely different to what the NSA documents clearly show , ” Greenwald said .
F or at least two decades I have been an active stakeholder with the B-schools .
And I have always wondered how B-schools become elitist and irrelevant to its mission of producing entrepreneurs , business leaders and shapers of the economy .
The selection process , curriculum , quality of faculty , pedagogy and the farce called placement are all oriented towards producing clerks for the new East India Company .
We have a B-school `` Varna Dharma '' . This operates through the placement power and the alumni patronage .
To start with , B-schools are now accessible to only the engineers and those who can crack the CAT code through expensive coaching classes , which cracks the selection code -- a.k.a 3 Idiots .
There is very little testing or verification of who would become a better business leader .
Illustration : Uttam Ghosh
Reader Invite : Dear Readers , Do you agree with the author 's view that the quality of management education in our country is poor ? Let us know what you think by sharing your views in the message board below .
Standing just feet away from President Donald Trump , Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny on Thursday bashed the basic foundation of anti-immigrant views that carried Trump to the presidency .
In their remarks , Kenny launched into a lengthy monologue about St. Patrick , whom the White House proceedings were honoring .
Kenny said :
It 's fitting that we gather here each year to celebrate St. Patrick and their legacy . They too of course was an immigrant . And though they are , of course , the patron saint of Ireland , for many people around the globe he 's also a symbol of — indeed the patron of — immigrants . Here in America , in your great country , 35 million people claim Irish heritage , and the Irish have contributed to the economic , social , political , and cultural life of this great country over the last 200 years . Ireland came to America because , deprived of liberty , deprived of opportunity , of safety , of even food itself , the Irish believed . And four decades before Lady Liberty lifted their lamp , we were the wretched refuse on the teeming shore . We believed in the shelter of America , in the compassion of America , in the opportunity of America . We came and we became Americans . We lived the words of John F. Kennedy long before they uttered them : We asked not what America can do for us , but what we could do for America . And we still do .
It 's impossible to ignore the parallels to modern immigration that Kenny is drawing on here . In the 19th and 20th centuries , Irish immigrants were viewed much as Latino immigrants are viewed today — people of a different race , who supposedly ( but not actually ) commit more crimes , and who are taking jobs from native-born Americans . This anti-immigrant resentment is why America passed anti-immigration laws in the early 20th century .
Now we take Irish contributions to America for granted . Irish Americans are simply our neighbors , who have helped build up the economy and have contributed to US culture — by , for example , giving us St. Patrick 's Day .
The immigrants that Trump decried on the campaign trail — by calling them rapists and criminals and proposing policies to restrict illegal and legal immigration — simply share the same hopes and dreams . Deprived of opportunity and freedom in their home countries , they want to build a free and prosperous life in America . Trump is now , just like anti-immigration politicians of previous eras , the one standing in the way of that .
Watch : The racist history of US immigration policy
Well , well well ... The legendary Patrick Roy , formerly of the Stanley Cup winning Montreal Canadiens , has left their post as the head coach of the Colorado Avalanche . The same team that they left the Montreal Canadiens for back in the mid-90 's . The same team that they also won the Stanley Cup with ... Twice .
It 's pretty obvious that Roy is in on-deck circle for MTL , whether Bergevin likes them or not . Mostly b/c if Therrien goes , GM in trouble too — Greg Wyshynski ( @ wyshynski ) August 11 , 2016
And now that he 's on the market , many fans and pundits alike have been toying with the idea that the Canadiens should be looking at them to be their next coach . To replace the embattled Michel Therrien in the wake of a disastrous season that saw them miss the playoffs .
But no , the Canadiens should absolutely not consider hiring him .
I have been one of the biggest Michel Therrien detractors out there . I have publicly called for them to be replaced on numerous occasions , and I 'm not yet ready to retract anything that I 've said on the matter . Still , to consider Patrick Roy as a viable replacement is other-worldly in terms of its ridiculousness .
Allow me to explain .
Yes , Roy is a legend in Montreal . Their jersey hangs from the rafters as a direct result of putting the team on their back for two Stanley Cup wins . They are from the province of Quebec , and they speak French . That is where the reasons to hire them end .
The reasons against hiring them form a much longer list .
Their tenure in Colorado started out well enough , but it became quickly apparent that they were unable to put together a squad capable of winning consistently . That first good year was met with a first-round playoff exit , followed by two years of missing the dance entirely .
For one , you 'd have a veritable media circus . Roy returning to Montreal would create the most ridiculously long and arduous saga of hot takes that would drive one to the point of insanity . It would be hell . Quebec separating from Canada would draw less attention . Maybe not , but I digress .
They have a notoriously hot temper . This stems both from their playing days and their time behind the bench . Michel Therrien has been known to get a little heated at times himself , but nowhere near the level that Roy is on . Therrien is no expert communicator , but to replace them with a temperamental personality like Roy would do no good .
Roy has an NHL coaching record of 130-92-24 . Therrien has a record of 375-284-26 . Therrien has over 100 more wins as a coach than Roy has games . The experience edge is vast , and even if you consider them to be even in their abilities , I think you have to stick with the guy that has been around longer .
All this is to say , Patrick Roy has done exactly nothing to prove that they are a viable replacement for Michel Therrien . At the very best , it would be a lateral move that would n't benefit the team in the slightest .
And let 's not forget , Roy just walked away from their team . They did n't get fired , things were n't going their way , so they just walked . Say what you will about Michel Therrien , things went badly for them too , and they did n't abandon ship . Does anyone really want a coach that takes off when things go badly ? I know I do n't .
Is Therrien replaceable ? Yes they are . However , to think that bringing Patrick Roy back to Montreal would magically fix the problems that exist with the Canadiens is absurd . It would n't work , and it would likely create more problems than it would fix .
The grass might look greener on the other side , but the overwhelming truth is that it is not . The Montreal Canadiens should not be considering Patrick Roy whatsoever .
Ralph Oliver Patt ( 5 December 1929 – 6 October 2010 ) was an American jazz-guitarist who introduced major-thirds tuning . Patt 's tuning simplified the learning of the fretboard and chords by beginners and improvisation by advanced guitarists . They invented major-thirds tuning under the inspiration of first the atonal music of Arnold Schoenberg and second the jazz of John Coltrane and Ornette Coleman .
They graduated with a degree in geology from the University of Pittsburgh . After their career as a guitarist , they worked as a geologist and as a hydrologist , often consulting on projects related to the U.S. Department of Energy .
Biography [ edit ]
Patt invented major-thirds tuning the better to improvise on the guitar . Chords can be shifted diagonally , horizontally , and vertically , and being shifted they maintain their shape , unlike chords in standard tuning .
on the same fret . Chords are inverted by shifting notes three strings
Patt was born in Kittanning , Pennsylvania on 5 December 1929 [ 1 ] and studied geology at the University of Pittsburgh . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Guitar and music theory [ edit ]
While in Pittsburgh , Patt studied guitar under Joe Negri . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Patt played rhythm guitar in the style of Freddie Green , who played a Stromberg in the Count Basie Orchestra . [ 5 ] Having earned their baccalaureate degree , they joined the United States Army and played guitar in an Army band . [ 2 ] Following their 1955 discharge from the Army , Patt played with touring bands , for example , Neal Hefti , Frankie Carle , Les Elgart , Benny Goodman , Richard Maltby , and The Glenn Miller Orchestra . [ 5 ]
After touring for five years , Patt settled in New York City , where they worked as musician both at ABC and on Broadway from 1960 to 1970 ; during this period they regarded Barry Galbraith as their mentor . They studied under George Russell , [ 2 ] [ 5 ] whose ( 1959 ) Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization Patt edited . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] Patt also studied with Gunther Schuller , who themselves was a student of Arnold Schoenberg and who used Schoenberg 's twelve-tone technique for atonal composition . Patt wanted to be able to play and then to improvise twelve-tone music . [ 5 ]
Major-thirds tuning [ edit ]
Patt was inspired by the jazz of Ornette Coleman and John Coltrane and the atonal music of Schoenberg . Seeking a guitar-tuning that would facilitate improvisation , they introduced major-thirds tuning by 1964 , [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] perhaps in 1963 . [ 5 ] Patt 's tuning is a regular tuning in the sense that all of the intervals between its successive open strings are major thirds ; in contrast , the standard guitar-tuning has one major-third amid four fourths . [ 11 ] Patt used major-thirds tuning during all of their work as a session musician after 1965 in New York . [ 5 ] [ 10 ]
Major-thirds tuning packs the chromatic scale ( the consecutive twelve-notes of the octave ) onto four consecutive frets of three consecutive strings , an arrangement that reduces the extensions of the little and index fingers ( `` hand stretching '' ) . [ 12 ] Major and minor chords are played on two successive frets , and so require only two fingers ; other chords—seconds , fourths , sevenths , and ninths—are played on three successive frets . [ 13 ] For each regular tuning , chord patterns may be moved around the fretboard , a property that simplifies beginners ' learning of chords and that simplifies advanced players ' improvisation . [ 9 ] [ 14 ] In contrast , chords can not be shifted around the fretboard in the standard tuning E-A-D-G-B-E , which requires four chord-shapes for the major chords ; standard tuning has separate chord-forms for chords having their root note on the third , fourth , fifth , and sixth strings . [ 15 ]
Having exactly three pitch classes for its open notes ( for example { C , E , G♯ } ) , each major-thirds tuning repeats every note in a higher octave , because guitars have six strings . Being regular , M3 tunings repeat each note after two strings : this repetition simplifies the learning of chords and improvisation . [ 9 ] Chord inversion is especially simple in major-thirds tuning . Chords are inverted simply by raising one or two notes three strings . The raised notes are played with the same finger as the original notes . [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
Guitars with seven and eight strings [ edit ]
Saul Koll built this eight-string guitar for Ralph Patt to play in major thirds .
Major-thirds tuning has a smaller scope than standard guitar-tuning , [ 11 ] [ 18 ] and so Patt started using seven-string guitars , which enabled major-thirds tuning to have the E-e ' range of the standard tuning . They first experimented with a wide-neck Mango guitar from the 1920s , which they modified to have seven strings in 1963 . [ 5 ] In 1967 they purchased a seven-string by José Rubio . [ 18 ] Patt used major-thirds tuning when they performed as a session musician in New York City after 1965 . [ 5 ] [ 10 ]
Later , they purchased six-string archtop hollow-body guitars that were then modified by luthiers to have wider necks , wider pickups , and eight strings . Patt 's Gibson ES-150 was modified by Vincent `` Jimmy '' DiSerio , a luthier who worked in the firm of John D'Angelico , circa 1965 . [ 10 ] [ 18 ] Luthier Saul Koll modified a sequence of guitars : a 1938 Gibson Cromwell , a Sears Silvertone , a circa 1922 Mango archtop , a 1951 Gibson L-50 , and a 1932 Epiphone Broadway ; for Koll 's modifications , custom pick-ups accommodated Patt 's wide necks and high G♯ ( equivalently A♭ ) ; [ 18 ] custom pick-ups were manufactured by Seymour Duncan [ 18 ] and by Bill Lawrence . [ 10 ]
Besides these guitars , Patt regularly played other stringed instruments as a recording musician : classical guitar , 12-string guitar , 6-string bass guitar , mandolin , banjo , and oud . Patt stated that `` the only guys that did n't have to double on dates were the Tony Mottolas and the Johnny Smiths '' ; [ 18 ] Tony Mottola and Johnny Smith were famous jazz-guitarists , [ 19 ] [ 20 ] and `` doubling '' refers to a musician 's switching from one instrument to another , particularly within a family of instruments . [ 21 ] Patt worked primarily as a studio musician from 1970 to 1975 . [ 18 ]
Scholarship [ edit ]
Patt developed a webpage with extensive information about major-thirds tuning . [ 22 ] This webpage was part of a website with extensive information for jazz guitarists . Patt 's website published their Vanilla book , which contains the chord progressions for four-hundred jazz standards , [ 3 ] [ 23 ] from `` After you 've gone '' to `` Zing ! went the strings '' . Its title refers to `` Just play the vanilla changes '' , advice to young pianists from Lester Young . It was updated in 2008 . [ 23 ]
Their website followed earlier contributions to guitar scholarship and instruction . In 1962 , Patt wrote their Guitar chord dictionary ( 1962 ) . [ 24 ] Living in New York City in the 1960s , they studied with Chuck Wayne , with whom they wrote The guitar appreggio dictionary ( 1965 ) , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 25 ] one of the bestselling titles from the music-publishing firm of Henry Adler . [ 26 ]
Return to geology [ edit ]
As a studio musician in the 1970s , Patt had to play less jazz and more rock and roll , and so they changed careers . They returned to geology while continuing to pursue jazz as an avocation . Around 1975 they began working on their doctoral degree in hydrogeology . Employed by the US Department of Energy , they specialized in ground-water contamination from nuclear waste ; as a research hydrogeologist , they accepted assignments worldwide and had extensive travels in Ukraine and Russia . [ 27 ]
They were employed by Oregon 's Department of Water Resources , [ 28 ] [ 29 ] [ 30 ] where they served as its expert on the risks to the Columbia River from the Hanford Site . [ 28 ] As a hydrological geologist ( hydrologist ) , they were appointed to a panel of outside experts that reviewed and then `` slammed '' the U.S. Department of Energy 's report on the safety of the underground storage of high-level nuclear waste at Hanford . [ 31 ]
Death [ edit ]
In 2002 and 2010 , Patt 's hometown was listed as Canby , Oregon , [ 1 ] [ 32 ] near Portland . [ 2 ] Having been diagnosed with kidney cancer in 2007 , [ 3 ] [ 33 ] Ralph Oliver Patt died at the age of 80 on 6 October 2010 in Canby [ 1 ] [ 3 ] at home . [ 32 ] To honor their memory , the Ralph Patt Memorial Scholarship provided full tuition , room , and board for a college student to attend the Mel Brown Jazz Camp in 2011 . [ 33 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
U.S. Supreme Court Decisions
( arranged by date )
Reynolds v. United States , 98 U.S. 145 ( 1879 )
Court finds that the federal antibigamy statute does not violate the First Amendment 's guarantee of the free exercise of religion .
Everson v. Board of Education , 330 U.S. 1 ( 1947 )
Court finds that a New Jersey law which included students of Catholic schools in reimbursements to parents who sent their children to school on buses operated by the public transportation system does not violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .
McCollum v. Board of Education Dist . 71 , 333 U.S. 203 ( 1948 )
Court finds religious instruction in public schools a violation of the establishment clause and therefore unconstitutional .
Burstyn v. Wilson , 72 S. Ct. 777 ( 1952 )
Government may not censor a motion picture because it is offensive to religious beliefs .
Torcaso v. Watkins , 367 U.S. 488 ( 1961 )
Court holds that the state of Maryland can not require applicants for public office to swear that they believed in the existence of God . The court unanimously rules that a religious test violates the Establishment Clause .
Engel v. Vitale , 82 S. Ct. 1261 ( 1962 )
Any kind of prayer , composed by public school districts , even nondenominational prayer , is unconstitutional government sponsorship of religion .
Abington School District v. Schempp , 374 U.S. 203 ( 1963 )
Court finds Bible reading over school intercom unconstitutional and Murray v. Curlett , 374 U.S. 203 ( 1963 ) - Court finds forcing a child to participate in Bible reading and prayer unconstitutional .
Epperson v. Arkansas , 89 S. Ct. 266 ( 1968 )
State statue banning teaching of evolution is unconstitutional . A state can not alter any element in a course of study in order to promote a religious point of view . A state 's attempt to hide behind a nonreligious motivation will not be given credence unless that state can show a secular reason as the foundation for its actions .
Lemon v. Kurtzman , 91 S. Ct. 2105 ( 1971 )
Established the three part test for determining if an action of government violates First Amendment 's separation of church and state :
1 ) the government action must have a secular purpose ;
2 ) its primary purpose must not be to inhibit or to advance religion ;
3 ) there must be no excessive entanglement between government and religion .
Stone v. Graham , 449 U.S. 39 ( 1980 )
Court finds posting of the Ten Commandments in schools unconstitutional .
Wallace v. Jaffree , 105 S. Ct. 2479 ( 1985 )
State 's moment of silence at public school statute is unconstitutional where legislative record reveals that motivation for statute was the encouragement of prayer . Court majority silent on whether `` pure '' moment of silence scheme , with no bias in favor of prayer or any other mental process , would be constitutional .
Edwards v. Aquillard , 107 S. Ct. 2573 ( 1987 )
Unconstitutional for state to require teaching of `` creation science '' in all instances in which evolution is taught . Statute had a clear religious motivation .
Allegheny County v. ACLU , 492 U.S. 573 ( 1989 )
Court finds that a nativity scene displayed inside a government building violates the Establishment Clause .
Lee v. Weisman , 112 S. Ct. 2649 ( 1992 )
Unconstitutional for a school district to provide any clergy to perform nondenominational prayer at elementary or secondary school graduation . It involves government sponsorship of worship . Court majority was particularly concerned about psychological coercion to which children , as opposed to adults , would be subjected , by having prayers that may violate their beliefs recited at their graduation ceremonies .
Church of Lukumi Babalu Ave. , Inc. v. Hialeah , 113 S. Ct. 2217 ( 1993 )
City 's ban on killing animals for religious sacrifices , while allowing sport killing and hunting , was unconstitutional discrimination against the Santeria religion .
* * This tournament is only open to diamond and platinum players , If you have been masters in the past 3 seasons , not including the inflation season , you will be automatically removed from the bracket ( 2016 season 4 and 6 , 2017 season 1 ) * *
Read these rules or you will probably be removed from bracket :
Sign up for the tournament on this website . Match your name on this site to your IN GAME NAME ( so we can look up your profile ) Check in to the tournament on this website ( Check in starts 1 hr prior to tournament , and ends 5min before start ) Join channel Nydus on the NA battlenet server . ( To do this type /join nydus )
If you fail to check in on this website , YOU WILL BE AUTO DROPPED . The website handles this and there is nothing
we can do about it once done .
Map Vetos :
The highest seed player will be `` Player A '' .
The lower seed player will be `` Player B '' .
Map vetos will be done in order ABAB until there are only three maps remaining , the highest seed player will pick the first map , then the choice will alternate .
The final will be BO5 , a small break will happen between the semi finals and finals .
This break will consist of a showmatch between the highest ranked players we can find to play for us .
Games will be cast on https : //www.twitch.tv/thenydus
For now we ask that no masters and above offrace . While this decision is unpopular , masters and above have numerous tournament opportunities that already exist for them to enter with their main race ...
We reserve the right to remove anyone from the bracket that looks like a smurf . If you Show up to play with your last placement 2 years ago with one game played this season you will probably be dropped . We do this for fun , and have a zero tolerance policy with profiles that even look smurfy , this includes barcodes .
( If you 're from a region other than NA , you can still play , but you MUST link an admin your profile in game before the tournament starts . Admins will hang out in channel `` nydus '' prior to the tournament ) )
The Florida Gators ( 53-5 ) are the No . 1 overall seed in the NCAA softball tournament despite failing to reach the SEC tournament title game .
Florida State ( 48-8 ) , which won the ACC title , earned a No . 8 national seed .
The two programs headline an NCAA Tournament field that was announced late Sunday night and is crowded with state of Florida college teams .
By earning top-eight seeds , UF and FSU will have the opportunity to host both regionals and super regionals if they advance .
The Gators will face Alabama State ( 27-24 ) at 2:30 p.m. Friday . In the first game of the Gainesville , FAU ( 50-7 ) will take on UCF ( 36-20 ) at noon Friday .
The Gainesville Regional may not include much scoring , with St . Cloud Harmony High graduate Aleshia Ocasio helping UF lead the nation in ERA ( 0.90 ) . FAU and UCF also feature elite pitchers in the Owls ' Kylee Hanson and the Knights ' Shelby Turnier .
USF ( 44-14 ) will face off with South Carolina ( 36-21 ) at noon Friday at the Tallahassee Regional .
Florida State will take on cross-town foe Florida A & M ( 27-27 ) at 2:30 p.m. Friday .
Orlando Pine Castle Christian graduate Emily Carosone helped the Auburn Tigers ( 49-9 ) to an SEC title and the No . 4 national seed . Auburn will host Jacksonville State ( 41-15 ) at 7 p.m. Friday . Oregon State ( 30-18-1 ) plays USC Upstate ( 42-13 ) at 4:30 p.m. Friday on the other side of the bracket .
The regional round follows a double-elimination format .
The Gators are aiming to join UCLA as the only teams to win three consecutive national championships .
ilimon @ orlandosentinel.com
The Washington Capitals celebrate Alex Ovechkin 's game-winning goal in overtime earlier this year against the New York Rangers . ( Photo : Adam Hunger , USA TODAY Sports )
NASHVILLE — The biggest reason the NHL 's new overtime format this season has been such a success is simple : Coaches have n't figured out how to control it .
Most of them are masters at stifling the offensive magic of top players while building stout defensive systems . But those same coaches have n't been able to unlock the key to three-skaters-a-side play that has been exciting and fast-paced and again will be on display in Sunday 's All-Star Game .
“ We know the losing strategy , ” St. Louis Blues coach Ken Hitchcock said . “ You have to play the opposite of the way you would play four-on-four or five-on-five . If you get trapped ... playing like you do four-on-four or five-on-five , you will get scored on every time . ”
Going into the All-Star break , 64 % of overtime games ( 109 of 171 ) had been decided before the end of the five-minute period , which is then followed by a shootout to determine the game 's winner . A year ago , when even-strength overtime was played with four skaters on each side , 44 % of the games were decided in overtime .
The rule change has had its desired effect , cutting down the number of games determined by a shootout and turning overtime into a highly competitive form of pond hockey . The three-on-three game has been such a success , the league adopted it for the All-Star Game , with each of the four divisions fielding a team in a tournament-style format .
“ This is one of the best in­novations we 've added to our game , ” Nashville Predators general manager David Poile told USA TODAY Sports .
“ It 's been exciting for the fans , ” Detroit Red Wings winger Justin Abdelkader said . “ Fans stand up for the whole five minutes . It 's end-to-end action . ”
Teams have studied what does and does n't work in three-on-three . A poor line change , gassed defenders or a missed shot that rings around the boards often can determine who scores first . And then there is the fact most players did n't have much experience playing three-on-three before this season .
But it was n't always that way . Until 1985-86 , three-on-three play in regulation was a semi-­regular occurrence when teams were assessed coincidental minor penalties while already each down a player . However , the high-powered and slick-skating Edmonton Oilers of the 1980s dominated opponents during the wide-open play , and the Wayne Gretzky rule was instituted , stating substitutions would be allowed on coincidental minor penalties . ( The rule was amended more than a decade later to allow four-on-four play . )
“ The biggest thing : You want the puck , and you want to keep it , ” Washington Capitals coach Barry Trotz said . “ If you have tired people on the ice against you , you want to keep them there . ”
With so much open ice , teams can possess the puck for longer periods than in regulation and often tire out opponents . “ Fatigue is a factor , ” Blues center David Backes said .
What bothers coaches most is that it seems impossible to keep overtime from becoming a series of odd-man breaks .
“ If you miss a chance and you shoot the puck on net and the save is made , it 's an odd-man rush the other way , ” Backes said .
And a team that has a high-quality puck-moving goaltender is at an even bigger advantage .
“ You have to have a different dynamic , a different thought process , ” Hitchcock said . “ It 's like players have had to relearn a new game . ”
Hitchcock says the way to play overtime is almost 100 % opposite the way they want to play in regulation . Routine shots on goal can be far riskier in three-on-three . “ If you do things you normally do , boom , odd-man rush . Break­away . In the net , ” they said .
St. Louis Blues center Jori Lehtera scores the game-winning goal past Montreal Canadiens goalie Mike Condon ( 39 ) to defeat the Montreal Canadiens 4-3 in overtime at Scottrade Center . ( Photo : Jasen Vinlove , USA TODAY Sports )
Before the season , there was plenty of joking about how the Pittsburgh Penguins might use Sidney Crosby , Evgeni Malkin and Phil Kessel in overtime or the Tampa Bay Lightning might use Ondrej Palat , Tyler Johnson and Nikita Kucherov together . But coaches have mostly avoided deploying three forwards at a time .
Backes calls two forwards and a defenseman the industry standard in overtime .
But several teams do use two defensemen and a forward with regularity . Trotz says they like to start with two defensemen .
“ It 's about puck possession , ” they said . “ If you do n't start with the puck , you want your best defender out there . ”
It 's easy for Trotz to switch to two forwards if their team has the puck because two players can pass the puck back and forth while the third man switches .
“ But if you do n't have the puck and a young kid like ( Red Wings rookie ) Dylan Larkin is winding it up and they give them the puck at full speed , ” Trotz said , “ then it is probably a better chance if I have ( defensemen ) Karl Alzner or Matt Niskanen playing one-on-one against them than Alex Ovechkin trying to back up and defend against him . ”
Coaches still have n't fully had their say on three-on-three . Hitchcock says that every morning they and their staff watch the overtimes from around the league the previous night to figure out if there is more they can do to control what happens .
The three-on-three format obviously has favored the teams that have a skilled forward group . For example , the defending champion Chicago Blackhawks are 9-4 in overtime , and 2014-15 finalist Tampa Bay is 7-1-3 . Meanwhile , the Nashville Predators , who have been offensively challenged this season , are 3-7-1 .
But their team 's poor performance in OT does n't alter Poile 's belief that the new format has made the league more exciting .
“ As a general manager , I 'm nervous and excited at the same time when my team is in a three-on-three situation , ” Poile says . “ But as a fan who watches games on a nightly basis , I love it . ”
Mormonism was n't always troubled by anti-black racism . In a country deeply stained by slavery and anti-black racism , the church , founded by Joseph Smith in 1830 , was noteworthy for its relative racial egalitarianism . Smith episodically opposed slavery and tolerated the priesthood ordination of black men , at least one of whom , Elijah Abel , occupied a position of minor authority .
It was Smith 's successor , Brigham Young , who adopted the policies that now haunt the church . They described black people as cursed with dark skin as punishment for Cain 's murder of their brother . “ Any man having one drop of the seed of Cane in them can not hold the priesthood , ” they declared in 1852 . Young deemed black-white intermarriage so sinful that they suggested that a man could atone for it only by having “ his head cut off ” and spilling “ his blood upon the ground. ” Other Mormon leaders convinced themselves that the pre-existent spirits of black people had sinned in heaven by supporting Lucifer in their rebellion against God .
The priesthood ban had sweeping ecclesiastical consequences for black Mormons . They could not participate in the sacred ordinances , like the endowment ceremony ( which prepares one for the afterlife ) and sealings ( which formally bind a family together ) , rites that Smith and Young taught were necessary to obtain celestial glory .
Of course , while perhaps unusual in its fervor and particular in its theories , the rhetoric of Mormon leaders was lamentably within the mainstream of white American opinion . White Christians of many denominational stripes used repugnant language to justify slavery and the inferiority of black people . Most accepted theories that the sins of Cain and Ham had cursed an entire race . Indeed , those white Americans who today express outrage over Mormon racism should remind themselves of their own forebears ' sins before casting stones at the Latter-day Saints .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Most Protestant denominations , however , gradually apologized for their past racism . In contrast , while Mormon leaders generically criticize past and present racism , they carefully avoid any specific criticism of past presidents and apostles , careful not to disrupt traditional reverence for the church 's prophets .
To an extent , this strategy has worked . The church is now much more diverse , with hundreds of thousands of members in Africa and many members of African descent in Latin America . In the United States , not all Mormons look like members of the Romney family : Mia Love , a daughter of Haitian immigrants and the Republican nominee for a Utah Congressional seat , proudly states that they have “ never felt unwelcome in the church . ”
Nevertheless , regardless of how outsiders would respond ( audiences will still enjoy that line in “ The Book of Mormon ” ) , a fuller confrontation with the past would serve the church 's interests . Journalists frequently ask prominent Mormons like Mr. Romney and Ms. Love about the priesthood ban . African-Americans , both members and prospective converts , find the history distinctly unsettling . Statements by prior church presidents and apostles provide fodder for those Latter-day Saints — if small in number — who adhere to racist notions .
The church could begin leaving those problems behind if its leaders explained that their predecessors had confused their own racist views with God 's will and that the priesthood ban resulted from human error and limitations rather than a divine curse . Given the church 's ecclesiology , this step would be difficult .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mormons have no reason to feel unusually ashamed of their church 's past racial restrictions , except maybe for their duration . Their church , like most other white American churches , was entangled in a deeply entrenched national sin .
Still , acknowledging serious errors on the part of past prophets inevitably raises questions about the revelatory authority of contemporary leaders . Such concerns , however , are not insurmountable for religious movements . One can look to the Bible for countless examples of patriarchs and prophets who acknowledged grave errors and moral lapses but still retained the respect of their people .
Likewise , the abiding love and veneration most Latter-day Saints have for their leaders would readily survive a fuller reckoning with their human frailties and flaws . The Mormon people need not believe they have perfect prophets , either past or present .
Fall used to be when all the show-pony cookbooks were published , waiting to be propelled into holiday best-sellerdom . Spring ? You know . It was nice . Something for Mom . Do n't forget that grilling Dad . Well , those rules no longer hold . Just as Beyoncé can drop an album out of the sky one morning , or leaves can start turning color well before Labor Day , cookbook publishers have upended the game , unleashing Chrissy Teigen in March and quietly launching word-of-mouth juggernaut Samin Nosrat in , like , June .
And so this year 's fall releases are a hodgepodge of deliciousness at every level , from hyperdork Nathan Myrhvold 's five-volume , $ 562 Modernist Bread to a taco book from a dude with a truck ; home-cooking hand-holders from a certain Redzepi , and Bon App 's own Alison Roman . There 's even a very stylish and oversized “ book ” that would look great stacked with the latest issues of Apartamento and The Gentlewoman . I 'm trying to remember what the biggest celebrity release is . Kristin Kish ? Hugh Acheson 's slow-cooker book ? Ah , right : Ottolenghi 's Sweets . # obsessed
Here are some of our very objective favorites .
Photos by Peden + Munk
Will Yotam Ottolenghi 's and longtime collaborator Helen Goh 's Sweet : Desserts from London 's Ottolenghi ( Ten Speed ) turn your kitchen into The Great British Bakeoff , Notting Hill Edition ? Will it become the Plenty of baking ? If you 're not starting as an amateur , it definitely could . As much as I admire Ottolenghi ( an early fan , I was lucky to be their editor at Bon Appétit ) , I will sheepishly say that , for the most part , these recipes require a bit more skill and commitment than my American attention span can muster at the moment—though I want to change ! While recipes like tahini and halva brownies , almond butter cake with cardamom and baked plums , and the cover star , cinnamon pavlova with praline cream and fresh figs will certainly make it into the rotation , I 'll have to work my way up to hazelnut crumble cake with gianduja frosting and apricot-thyme galettes with polenta pastry . That said , the recipes in Sweet are considered and elegant ; grown-up productions for kitchens with counter space , well-calibrated ovens , and a deep pantry . I aspire .
We can also aspire to be Nadine Levy Redzepi —and not only because their mother lives with them and their husband , some chef named René , to help care for their three daughters in Copenhagen . In addition to having access to the best food in the world , they cook some of it in their funky old house , a short walk from the former Noma . This is the woman who , three weeks after giving birth , threw together a rich , buttery walnut cake for a Bon App entertaining story that , even guest David Chang admitted , blew their husband 's ( * * * * ) dishes out of the water . Them debut cookbook , Downtime : Deliciousness at Home ( Pam Krauss books ) , shares the recipe , along with other offhandedly delicious , only occasionally precious food . Okay , there are white asparagus and truffle moments and a restaurant-y turn or two . But as it turns out , Adoni Mugaritz 's egg-poaching technique is life-changing . Adding brown butter-bathed egg yolks is a killer way to dress up store-bought ravioli . And glazing humble celery root with veal demi-glace and finishing it with buttermilk is a show-stopper , however Noma-esque . Also : René 's kale and mushroom carbonara will become your new late-night go-to . Levy Redzepi cheerfully provides foundational techniques and ideas for next steps , assuming that you are—like they once are—a really enthusiastic beginner .
Photo by Nikole Herriott
BA superstar Alison Roman also combines expertise with ease , aiming for those who are more comfortable Instagramming their food than , like , making it IRL . Dining In ( Clarkson Potter ) should make Brooklynesque restaurants around the country nervous . Why would you dine out when you can roast chicken in anchovy butter and toast up croutons in the schmaltzy , umami-tastic butter , or make crispy chickpeas and lamb with greens and garlicky yogurt ? What 's so hard about making addictive sour cream flatbread ? Roman downplays their professional chops to put readers at ease—she writes in upspeak—but next thing you know , they 'll be banging out seared short ribs with quick kimchi and sesame salt , topped off with chocolate tahini tart with crunchy salt . Bet there will be lots of # \diningin dinner parties starting in October .
Excerpted from David Tanis Market Cooking by David Tanis ( Artisan Books ) . Copyright © 2017 . Photographs by Evan Sung
Some cooks begin their menu with a craving . Food writer and former Chez Panisse chef David Tanis starts theirs with whatever happens to wink at them at the market that day . Their new tome , David Tanis Market Cooking : Recipes and Revelations Ingredient by Ingredient ( Artisan ) , is a gentle , approachable guide to getting the most out of your haul , whether it be fish , fowl , or fennel . Tanis is n't a jazz-hands cook—though broccoli rabe lasagna ( pictured above ) counts in my book . Rather , their calm , Jedi-like assurance guides you into making a perfect Tuscan pork roast , Oaxaca-style garlic soup , or a quick harissa recipe that you 'll soon know by heart . There 's a reason that young-gun chefs like Ignacio Mattos , who cooked with Tanis at Chez Panisse , revere him : He 's got The Knowledge .
( Right ) Photo by Karen Mordechai
Karen Mordechai trained as a photographer , not a chef . But in recent years , their Williamsburg loft has served as a stylish food hub , hosting cooking classes , dinners , and other culinary events under the Sunday Suppers umbrella . Rather than publish another cookbook for the shelf , they created Simple Fare : A Guide to Everyday Cooking and Eating ( Abrams ) for the coffee- or bedside table . The fall/winter edition of this oversized , floppy mega-book has the stylish photography , of-the-moment content , and deadpan layout of a magazine ( or Instagram account with 290,000 followers ) .
Photo by Karen Mordechai
Them recipes are fairly elemental , but those elements are very considered . Kind of like the women in Céline ads . Like said women , they also require a fair bit of niche shopping , including from Mordechai 's own line of spices , Ilā —though market alts are offered for each recipe . Dishes like shaved black radish salad with persimmon and black garlic or dark chocolate buttermilk pancakes with crème fraîche and hazelnuts are as tempting to the eye as they are to the palate . I 'm going to have to clear extra space to fit this “ book ” on my counter , but that burnt carrot toast with smoked labneh simply must be tried .
© DYLAN + JENI 2017
Angeleno Wes Avila went from Los Angeles DJ to Teamster to fine dining chef to the owner of the country 's best-known taco truck . As a result , the brilliant mashup that is Guerrilla Tacos feels personal , not gimmicky . With offerings like pork belly and caviar tacos alongside adobo , pastor , carnitas and the gang , there 's a reason that Jonathan Gold deemed it L.A. 's Best Taco Truck . In Guerrilla Tacos : Recipes from the Streets of LA ( Ten Speed ) , with writer Richard Parks III , Avila tells their underdog story with endearing charm . The recipes range from tacos and salsas that you can make this weekend—shrimp and homemade chorizo tacos or sweet potato tacos with almond salsa ( pictured above ) —to things you 'll want to work up to or carve out a full day for , such as the oxtail taco . And there is the purely aspirational stuff that I 'm sure some masa nerds will be serving to friends by early November , like duck heart tacos with carrot-gooseberry salsa and pickled persimmons ( oh , California ) . Perhaps you 're more likely to head to L.A. and stand in line than attempt some of these recipes . Fair warning : You 'll really want to after reading this book .
Very Honorable Mentions
The Cherry Bombe Cookbook ( Clarkson Potter ) A wide range of recipes from a wide range of women in food . ( And , um , a rice pudding recipe that I borrowed from one of my favorite restaurants in Paris . )
Meehan 's Bartender Manual ( Ten Speed ) Absolutely necessary for any spirits dork .
Cheers to the Publican , Repast and Present by Paul Kahan ( Ten Speed ) I want to eat everything in this book . However , I do not have a staff .
Kachka The Portland , OR , restaurant that has made Russian food hipstery will make you want to stash some vodka in the freezer immediately ( Flatiron Books ) .
Modernist Bread If you worked your way through Tartine Bread and were like , …and ? ? ?
Night + Market : Delicious Thai Food to Facilitate Drinking and Fun-Having Amongst Friends by Kris Yenbamroong ( Clarkson Potter ) This book is as bright , cool , and fun as the L.A. restaurants .
America : The Cookbook ( Phaidon ) A state-by-state compendium of American dishes . ( And , um , an entry on Wisconsin that I forgot to tell my parents in Racine that I wrote . )
Alison Roman 's recipes never let you down :
Jan 31 , 2013
Strands of magnetically confined plasma can be seen throughout the cosmos .
A rotating vortex of solar plasma was the topic of a recent press release . Does that phenomenon relate to other energetic vortices ? Previous Picture of the Day articles describe many cases of ionized clouds in space that are inexplicable if conventional theories are consulted . How do both incidents relate to one another and to others ?
In an Electric Universe , every body in the Solar System , along with every star and galaxy , is charged with electricity and exists within a plasma environment . Spacecraft sent to other planets , as well as satellites orbiting Earth , see aurorae , lightning bolts , tornadoes , and jets of material . Volcanoes on Earth “ spit lightning ” out of their craters . Dust storms on Mars are fed by gigantic funnels that rise for thousands of meters . Comets , Saturn 's rings , fountains of charged particles erupting from Jupiter 's moon Io , and many other examples of electrical activity are found farther out in our local neighborhood .
When plasma moves through a dusty gas , it ionizes the material , initiating an electric current . More than a century ago , Michael Faraday proved that when electricity flows through any substance a magnetic field will form . One aspect of magnetic fields in plasma is that they will generate “ plasma ropes ” : the field surrounds plasma , confining it into coherent strands known as Birkeland currents .
There is an immense barrage of ions blasting out of the Sun that does not dissipate because of those filamentary structures . The Sun 's electric charge flows through the Solar System in Birkeland currents that stretch out for billions of kilometers .
The Electric Star theory postulates that electric discharges in plasma clouds create double layers along their current axes . An electric field develops between areas of opposite charge . Electric charge flows along the sheaths and if enough current is applied the sheath glows . The currents spiral into filaments that attract each other , but rather than merging they twist around , gradually pinching down into arc mode discharges . It is in this way that stars are born .
Galactic evolution might also be the result of large-scale plasma discharges that form wheels of coherent filaments . Why stars in galaxies tend to form long arcs is a puzzle that conventional astrophysicists have yet to address . No gravity-only hypothesis can adequately resolve the issue of star formation , and the configuration of barred spirals and elliptical whirlpools that congregate in million-light-year clusters continues to elude conventional explanations .
As Electric Sky author Donald Scott wrote : “ In a laboratory plasma , of course , things happen much more quickly than on , say , galaxy scales , but the phenomena are identical—they obey the same laws of physics . In other words we can make accurate models of cosmic scale plasma behavior in the lab , and generate effects that mimic those observed in space . ”
Electric filaments expand through space . Sometimes they explode , releasing plasma accelerated almost to the speed of light . Galactic jets erupt from the opposite poles of some galaxies , terminating in energetic clouds that emit X-rays , gamma rays , radio waves , and extreme ultraviolet light . Such phenomena are best described using plasma science and not kinetics . Astrophysicists see magnetic fields in galaxies and galactic clusters but not the underlying electricity , so they are unable to explain them .
Astronomers maintain that galaxies are clouds of hydrogen gas and intergalactic dust that were assembled by gravity until they coalesced into swarms of glowing thermonuclear fires . The Electric Universe theory is opposed to the idea of galaxies condensed from cold , inert hydrogen .
Hannes Alfvén said that galaxies are much like one of Michael Faraday 's inventions , the homopolar motor . A homopolar motor is driven by magnetic fields induced in a circular conducting plate . The plate is mounted between the poles of an electromagnet , causing it to spin at a rate proportional to the input current . Galaxies most likely spin due to the same effect : electromagnetic energy flowing into them .
Galaxies move within an electric circuit that connects the Universe from beginning to end . Primal electric forces are orders of magnitude greater than gravity . Birkeland currents attract one another in a linear relationship that can be up to thirty-nine orders of magnitude more powerful . That means they are the strongest long-range attractors in the Universe . Electric currents flowing through dusty plasma sustain the magnetic fields detected in stars and galaxies .
Ever larger objects and groups of objects are electromagnetic in nature . Perhaps the same forces can be applied when the ever smaller realm is considered . The electric Sun theory is confirmed because solar tornadoes are an electrical discharge phenomenon
Stephen Smith
I should n't even have to post this as you guys should already know where I stand but If you do not pls know I unequivocally repudiate ANY AND ALL hateful comments against the LGBTQ community . Actually I 'm tired of that label . We all belong to the same community , a shared community called humanity . And today and tomorrow and the next day I will continue to stand with other like minded people who condemn any and all statements and actions that would seek to deny the basic humanity of our fellow brothers and sisters . We can not sit Idly by nor will we speak silently when we are confronted with such violence against members of our community . I am personally beyond exhausted by the ignorance and bigotry living in some people . At times I want to punch and I want to slap a lot of people when I read and hear the shit that comes out their mouthes ! ! ! I will rejoice when folks stop thinking they ARE GOD , Jesus ' assistant , picking and choosing what `` sins '' are acceptable in the Bible , and using the Bible as a whip ! WE ca n't afford anymore tearing down of our shared humanity . My advice : If your religion is causing you to spew out words of hate , judge , or look down on others because of who is a one loves then you need to change it . And fast . If the religion do n't make you are more loving or better person , ditch it . But what do I know . My hope is that we ALL go into this new year considering for one moment that we do n't have all the answers . My hope is that we become more understanding , less judgmental , more tolerate , and more patient with one another . Including me . HAPPY NEW YEAR . 🙏🏿❤
A photo posted by Janelle Monáe ( @ janellemonae ) on Dec 31 , 2016 at 6:05pm PST
Ratings : Qatar Airways named world 's best airline for 2015
Spectators walk past a Qatar Airways Airbus A380 at the Paris Air Show on Tuesday , June 16 , 2015 , in Le Bourget , France . ( Photo11 : Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY )
Le BOURGET , France – Qatar Airways was tabbed as the world 's best airline in 2015 , according to the annual World Airline Awards published by Skytrax .
Qatar Airways ' title came as year 's winner – Cathay Pacific – dropped to third place in the ratings , which were awarded at a Tuesday ceremony on the grounds of the Paris Air Show .
Singapore Airlines placed second in the Skytrax ratings , followed by Cathay Pacific , Turkish Airlines and Emirates . The full top 10 :
1 . Qatar Airways
2 . Singapore Airlines
3 . Cathay Pacific
4 . Turkish Airlines
5 . Emirates
6 . Etihad Aiways
7 . All Nippon Airways ( ANA )
8 . Garuda Indonesia
9 . EVA Air ( Taiwan )
10 . Qantas
Qatar Airways , which has an extraordinarily large presence at the 2015 air show , was represented at the ceremony by CEO Akbar Al Baker . They credited their staff for the first-place finish .
Al Baker was just one of several airline CEOs mixing and mingling with the crowd at the 2015 World Airline Awards . Others spotted in the crowd were Tony Fernandes of AirAsia and Robert Deluce of Canadian carrier Porter Airlines . Porter beat out JetBlue and Alaska Airlines for the title of `` best regional carrier '' in North America .
Flight attendants from several different airlines come together for a group photo at the World Airline Awards at the Paris Air Show on Tuesday , June 16 , 2015 . ( Photo11 : Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY )
SkyTrax , a U.K.-based travel consultancy that runs what it calls the `` world 's largest review site , '' determines its annual ratings from reviews by more than 18 million passengers that represent more than 100 countries . The reviews cover everything from cabin interiors to in-flight food and entertainment to the friendliness of staff .
Though there are numerous awards rating airlines , the Skytrax are widely followed by airlines .
Among the other notable awards for 2015 :
World 's best cabin staff : 1 . Garuda Indonesia ; 2 . Cathay Pacific ; Singapore Airlines
World 's best first-class airline : 1 . Etihad Airways ; 2 . Singapore Airlines ; 3 . All Nippon
World 's best business class airline : 1 . Singapore Airlines ; 2 . Qatar Airways ; 3 . Cathay Pacific
World 's best economy class airline : 1 . Asiana Airlines ; 2 . Singapore Airlines ; 3 . Qatar Airways
World 's best low-cost airlines : 1 . AirAsia ; 2 . Virgin America ; 3 . Norwegian Air
World 's best in-flight entertainment : 1 . Emirates ; 2 . Qatar Airways ; 3 . Singapore Airlines
Best low-cost airlines in North America : 1 . Virgin America ; 2 . WestJet ; 3 . Southwest Airlines
World 's best first-class lounges : 1 . Lufthansa ; 2 . Etihad ; 3 . Air France
World 's best business class lounges : 1 . Turkish Airlines ; 2 . Singapore Airlines ; 3 . Cathay Pacific
World 's best first-class seats : 1 . Singapore Airlines ; 2 . Etihad ; 3 . Emirates
World 's best business class seats : 1 . Qatar Airways ; 2 . Japan Airlines ; 3 . Singapore Airlines
World 's best economy class seats : 1 . Japan Airlines ; 2 . Garuda Indonesia ; 3 . EVA Air
TWITTER : You can follow me at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky
Flight attendants from AirAsiaX show off the carrier 's Skytrax award for 'Best Low-cost Airline in Asia ' on Tuesday , June 16 , 2015 , at the Paris Air Show . ( Photo11 : Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY )
Scenes from the 2015 Paris Air Show ( Day 1 )
Scenes from the 2015 Paris Air Show ( Day 2 )
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1J39WBF
Kunar has seen some of the fiercest fighting of the conflict US and Afghan troops have abandoned a remote village in eastern Afghanistan where militants killed nine US soldiers and wounded a dozen more on Sunday . A statement said the outpost had been temporary and that `` regular patrols '' in the area would be maintained . Afghan police are continuing to fight insurgents after the pullout on Tuesday , local officials say . The attack caused the biggest American loss of life in battle in Afghanistan since operations began in 2001 . Nato says the rebels also suffered heavy casualties . It did not name the attackers but there has been a sharp increase in Taleban attacks in the country , and in that region in particular , although other rebel groups are also known to operate there . 'Disestablished ' At least 100 - some reports say 200 - insurgents stormed the small combat outpost in the village of Wanat on the border of Nuristan and Kunar provinces on Sunday . Some militants briefly broke through defences and into the temporary base . `` We are confirming that we have vacated our combat outpost at Wanat , '' said Nato spokesperson Mark Laity . The outpost had only been constructed days before it was attacked . Nato 's International Security Assistance Force ( Isaf ) announced the camp had now been `` disestablished '' but said there would be a `` continued presence '' in the area - namely patrols and the use of Afghan security forces . Omar Sami Taza , a spokesperson for the governor of Nuristan , said US troops had withdrawn from the area , `` leaving the district in the hands of only 20 police officers '' . `` American troops have taken all heavy weapons out of the district , '' they told the BBC . `` This is why we have lost the district to the Taleban because our police could n't defend it with one AK-47 . '' However , the local police chief , Hazarat Ali , told the BBC : `` Our police are still in the district , the elders are backing us . We have not lost our district . '' The BBC 's Alastair Leithead in Kabul says there are many of these small outposts scattered across eastern Afghanistan as part of the US counter-insurgency strategy which is being followed to the letter in this area . Our correspondent says the idea is to get small groups of international troops and Afghan security forces out on the ground as a permanent presence to instil more confidence in the local people and show they can provide security , rather than just visiting the area on patrol . The danger for Nato is they risk being outnumbered and attacked , or even overrun , as almost happened in the raid at the weekend . There had been reports from Afghan local officials of civilian casualties caused by bombing in the aftermath of the attack on the base , but Nato also put out a statement denying this . They said the only bombs dropped were more than 40km ( 25 miles ) away from the villages named by local officials .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
Today I found out why Dick is short for Richard .
The name Richard is thought by most etymologists to derive from the Proto-Germanic ‘ Rikharthu ' , meaning more or less “ hard ruler ” ( ‘ Rik- ‘ meaning ‘ ruler ' and ‘ -harthu ' meaning ‘ hard ' ) . This was adopted into Old High German as ‘ Ricohard ' , and from there to Old French , then Old English as ‘ Richeard ' , and today as ‘ Richard ' .
You might think from Richard meaning “ hard ruler ” and being a man 's name that Dick being a nickname for Richard probably came about for pejorative reasons , borrowing from one of the other meanings of “ dick ” , such as ‘ dick ' as in ‘ jerk ' or ‘ dick as in ‘ penis ' . However , the first record of ‘ dick ' meaning ‘ jerk ' did n't come about until a few hundred years after its association with Richard and the first record of it referring to a penis was n't until the 1890s , as a British army slang term . Exactly how that latter meaning came about is n't known , being a slang term that was considered somewhat uncouth to put on paper . Because of that , ‘ dick ' meaning ‘ penis ' probably had been around a while before the 1890s , but not nearly long enough before to have contributed to the Richard/Dick connection .
How Dick became a nickname for Richard is known and is one of those “ knee bone connected to the thigh bone ” type progressions , somewhat similar to how the word ‘ soccer ' came about . Due to people having to write everything by hand , shortened versions of Richard were common , such as ‘ Ric ' or ‘ Rich ' . This in turn gave rise to nicknames like ‘ Richie ' , ‘ Rick ' , and ‘ Ricket ' , among others . People also used to like to use rhyming names ; thus , someone who was nicknamed Rich might further be nicknamed Hitch . Thus , Richard - > Ric - > Rick gave rise to nicknames like Dick and Hick around the early 13th century .
While little today call Richards ‘ Hick ' , the nickname ‘ Dick ' has stuck around , and of course has come to mean many other things as well . Its persistence as associated with Richard is probably in part because around the 16th century Dick started to be synonymous with ‘ man ' , ‘ lad ' , or ‘ fellow ' , sort of general name for any ‘ Tom , Dick , or Francis ” ( which by the way appears in Shakespeare 's Henry IV , written in the late 16th century , with Dick at this point firmly established as an “ every man ” name ) . It may well be that this association with ‘ man ' is in turn how ‘ dick ' eventually came to mean ‘ penis ' .
If you liked this article , you might also enjoy our new popular podcast , The BrainFood Show ( iTunes , Spotify , Google Play Music , Feed ) , as well as :
Bonus Facts :
While you wo n't typically hear people calling Richards ‘ Hicks ' anymore , this nickname did give rise to ‘ Hudde ' . This in turn gave us ‘ Hudson ' around the late 13th century , which of course is now a somewhat common surname .
Speaking of Hudsons , Katy Perry 's real name is Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson . They created the stage name “ Katy Perry ” so as not to be confused with Kate Hudson . Before they did this , they did release an album under their real name , with the album called “ Katy Hudson ” . The album flopped . It was n't until they signed with Capitol Music Group in 2007 that they adopted the stage name Katy Perry . Since then , she 's obviously been a huge success… coincidence ? ! ? … probably . Read more interesting celebrity facts here : Celebrity Facts
People with the name Robert are also called Bob via much the same process as people who are named Richard being called Dick . Namely Robert - > Rob and then the rhyming nickname Bob .
Similarly , this is also how we get Bill from William , William - > Will rhyming then to Bill .
The nickname Hodge is derived this same way from Roger : Roger - > Rodge - > Hodge .
Polly likewise comes from the name Molly… the list goes on and on and on .
Spotted dick , the pudding , not someone with a certain STD , is thought by many etymologists to have gotten its name from the fact that certain types of hard cheese around the 19th century were called ‘ dick ' . This in turn gave rise to treacle dick ( treacle with cheese ) , then when raisins or the like were added , ‘ spotted dick ' , though of course it 's made a little differently today , but the raisins particularly are still commonly used . One alternative etymology of spotted dick that some etymologists ascribe to is from the word pudding itself giving rise to puddink , then puddick , and then just dick . As spotted dick is just a type of suet pudding with dried fruit added , giving it the spots , this seems reasonable enough as well .
Dick also once popularly meant an assertion , announcement , or declaration , such as “ I do dick Mr. Beauregard… you are my hero ! ” Similarly , someone 's ‘ dying dick ' meant something completely different in the Middle Ages as it would now , namely their ‘ dying declaration ' .
Other things that were commonly called ‘ dick ' through the middle ages up to now include : aprons , dictionaries , detectives , whips , and nothing ( as in , ‘ I got dick for my birthday ' ) .
Incidentally , “ That 's what they said ” is thought to have been around since the 1970s with the earliest documented case of the phrase showing up on Saturday Night Live , spoken by Chevy Chase in a weekend update skit in 1975 , which also happened to be the first season of SNL . “ That 's what they said ” was later hugely popularized thanks to Wayne 's World skits on Saturday Night Live and later usage in the movie “ Wayne 's World ” . The British also have their own version of that statement which has been around for much longer ( over a century ) , “ said the actor to the Bishop ” . You can read more about how that phrase came about here : The British Equivalent of “ That 's What They Said ”
Expand for References
Jose Quintana is suffering through one of the worst stretches of their career , but it might not have a dramatic impact on the trade value of the Chicago White Sox left-hander .
Jon Heyman of FanRag Sports cites a rival general manager who thinks Quintana will remain a valuable commodity despite a 2-7 record , 5.60 ERA and 1.40 WHIP in 11 starts .
Michael Beller of SI.com expressed a similar sentiment earlier this week , calling Quintana the “ crown jewel ” of the White Sox summer trade chips that are also expected to include closer David Robertson and third baseman Todd Frazier .
Interested clubs , however , might be reconsidering the quantity of quality of prospects they might offer for Quintana , who had a combined 3.41 ERA in their first five seasons .
The rebuilding White Sox can still keep the price high due because of Quintana 's team-friendly contract that pays them $ 7 million this year and keeps them under club control through the 2020 season .
-- Doug Mittler
No sooner had they scored than Idrissa Sylla was being helped off the pitch in the 2-1 win over Ipswich .
The QPR striker scored their second in as many games when Town defender Christophe Berra could only back-head James Perch 's throw and Sylla hit a venomous volley into the roof of the net .
Their elation became despair after they fell heavily following a challenge in the Ipswich box and exited with suspected concussion .
However , Rs boss Ian Holloway was a relieved man at the end , and not just because of Rs second three points in three days .
They said : `` He 's got mild concussion but does n't need to go to hospital . He 's still got a big smile on theirs face .
`` Idrissa took a hell of a whack and when they came around |I just said welcome to England .
`` He was actually out cold , but he 's fine now and he 's smiling because they scored a goal .
`` They were worried it was full out concussion , but I do n't think it is and I trust my doctor and my staff .
`` He 's got a lip out here , but it is nice to see them smile as he 's a fantastic talent . He 's 22 years old so it is about bringing them on and polishing them up . ''
It bodes well the former Anderlecht forward might just make the FA Cup tie against Blackburn Rovers on Saturday .
Varieties Edit
There is a lot of regional variation within Bernese German dialects . However , with the increasing importance of the big agglomeration of Bern , the variety of Bern is spreading out , levelling the old village dialects . Until the second half of the 20th century , there was a considerable range of sociolects in the city of Bern where four different groups could be distinguished : The patrician Bernese German of the high society . It has neither l-vocalisation nor nd-velarisation , it does not employ the alveolar trill but the French uvular trill , and it has more French loanwords than the other varieties .
The variety of the native city population .
The varieties of the countryside people who moved into the city .
The variety of the – generally poor – people living in the part of the old town called Matte , known as Mattenenglisch ( Matte-English ) , even though it has little relation with English , but has a number of loans from Jenisch , Rotwelsch and Yiddish . In addition to it , there was also a special kind of Pig Latin which is the proper Mattenenglisch according to some people [ who ? ] .
Phonology Edit
Main article : Bernese German phonology Bernese German is distinguished from other Swiss German dialects by the following characteristics : The shortening of many high vowels , e.g . Zyt [ tsit ] 'time ' , Lüt [ lyt ] 'people ' , lut [ lut ] 'loud ' instead of the long vowel typical in other Alemannic dialects , e.g . Zurich German Ziit [ tsiːt ] , Lüüt [ lyːt ] , luut [ luːt ] ( Standard German Zeit , Leute , laut ) .
'time ' , 'people ' , 'loud ' instead of the long vowel typical in other Alemannic dialects , e.g . Zurich German , , ( Standard German , , ) . The l -vocalization , e.g . Hauue [ ˈhɑu̯wə ] 'hall ' , Esu [ ˈɛz̥u ] 'donkey ' instead of Halle , Esel . This has led to an expanded repertoire of diphthongs and triphthongs , e.g . euter [ ˈɛu̯tər ] 'older ' , Seeu [ ˈz̥ɛːu̯ ] 'soul ' , Schueu [ ˈʒ̊uə̯u̯ ] 'school ' .
-vocalization , e.g . 'hall ' , 'donkey ' instead of , . This has led to an expanded repertoire of diphthongs and triphthongs , e.g . 'older ' , 'soul ' , 'school ' . The velarization of nd to ng , e.g . angers [ ˈɑŋːərs ] 'different ' ( compare Standard German anders ) . The many words ending with -ng created the joke that Bernese sounds almost like Chinese : Schang gang hei , d Ching wei Hung [ ʒ̊ɑŋː ɡ̊ɑŋː hɛj kχiŋː ʋɛj hʊŋɡ̊ ] 'Schang ( Jean ) go home , the kids want honey ( bread ) ' .
to , e.g . 'different ' ( compare Standard German ) . The many words ending with created the joke that Bernese sounds almost like Chinese : 'Schang ( Jean ) go home , the kids want honey ( bread ) ' . As in other Western High Alemannic dialects , words such as Fleisch [ v̥lɛi̯ʒ̊ ] 'flesh ' and Oug [ ɔu̯ɡ̊ ] 'eye ' are pronounced with the diphthongs /ei/ and /ou/ , and not /aɪ/ and /aʊ/ .
Pragmatics Edit
As in other Western Swiss German dialects and as in French , the polite form of address is the second-person plural and not the third-person plural as in German .
Grammar Edit
Like other Swiss German dialects , but unlike modern standard German , Bernese German typically keeps the original grammatical gender distinction in the numerals 'two ' ( 2 ) and 'three ' ( 3 ) : [ 3 ] zwee Manne ( two men ) , masculine
Manne ( two men ) , masculine zwo Froue ( two women ) , feminine
Froue ( two women ) , feminine zwöi Ching ( two children ) , neuter ... but only 2 words for `` three '' ( 3 ) : drei Manne u drei Fraue ( three men and three women )
Manne u Fraue ( three men and three women ) drü Ching ( three children ) neuter
Vocabulary Edit
A lot of the vocabulary known as typical to Bernese German comes from the Mattenenglisch , e.g . Gieu 'boy ' , Modi 'girl ' . The best known shibboleths of Bernese German may be the words äuä 'no way ' or 'probably ' , ( j ) ieu 'yes ' , geng ( or ging , gäng ) 'always ' . Bernese typically say mängisch for the German manchmal ( sometimes ) . An often used word at the end of a sentence is a question tag , `` gäu '' ( 2nd person singular ) or `` gäuet '' ( 2nd person plural , polite form ) meaning 'is n't it ? ' , whereas other Swiss German dialects prefer `` oder '' , like 'or what ? ' . Äuä Edit Äuä ( pronounced [ ˈæ̞wːæ̞ː ] ( ) , other possible spellings include äuää , äuuä , äuwä , ällwä ) is a typical shibboleth of Bernese German . [ 4 ] There are two different uses : Modal particle : Within a declarative sentence , this word can be used as a German modal particle , connoting that the speaker is only assuming what they are telling , but still quite certain about it . This is very similar to the meaning of the German modal particle wohl . Example : Si chunt äuä gly .
‘ ( I 'm quite certain that ) they are going to come soon . '
The modal particle is also used in the following sequences of modal particles : äuä scho , äuä de scho . Both sequences give more emphasis to the certainty of the speaker .
Pro-sentence : Like many German modal particles , this word can also be used as a pro-sentence ( similar to English words like yes or no ) . Originally , it was used as an affirmative response with similar connotations to the modal particle . However , this meaning is hardly ever used any more . It is almost exclusively used to give a negative answer connotating subjective disbelief . This meaning has developed from an ironic use . Depending on the intonation , the meaning can vary from very strong disbelief to surprised slight disbelief . Examples : Edmund Hillary isch aus Erschte ohni Suurstoff-Fläsche ufe Mount Everest . – Äuä ! Der Reinhold Messner isch der Erscht gsy , wo das het gmacht .
‘ Edmund Hillary was the first to climb Mount Everest without auxiliary oxygen . – No way ! Reinhold Messner was the first to do that . ' Hesch ghört ? AC/DC hei sech ufglöst ! – Äuä ! ?
‘ Did you hear ? AC/DC split up ! – No , really ? '
or ) . Originally , it was used as an affirmative response with similar connotations to the modal particle . However , this meaning is hardly ever used any more . It is almost exclusively used to give a negative answer connotating subjective disbelief . This meaning has developed from an ironic use . Depending on the intonation , the meaning can vary from very strong disbelief to surprised slight disbelief . Examples : Bernese comedian Massimo Rocchi used äuä as the title for one of their shows , which derives much of its comical effect from the bewilderment an outsider experiences ( in this case , Italian-born Rocchi ) when first confronted with the idiosyncrasies of Bernese German .
Bernese German literature Edit
Although Bernese German is mainly a spoken language ( for writing , the standard German language is used ) , there is a relatively extensive literature which goes back to the beginnings of the 20th century . Bernese German grammars and dictionaries also exist .
Bernese German cinema Edit
Bernese German music Edit
Many Bernese German songs have become popular all over the German-speaking part of Switzerland , especially those of Mani Matter . This may have influenced the development of Bernese German rock music , which was the first Swiss German rock music to appear and continues to be one of the most important ones . Today , notable bands singing in Bernese German include Patent Ochsner , Züri West and Stiller Has .
Bibliography Edit
Otto von Greyerz , Ruth Bietenhard : Berndeutsches Wörterbuch ISBN 3-305-00255-7 Bernese vocabulary
ISBN 3-305-00255-7 Bernese vocabulary Werner Marti : Berndeutsch-Grammatik ISBN 3-305-00073-2 Bernese grammar
References Edit
The popular multi-platform game Angry Birds is now available on Facebook , hours ahead of the official launch in Jakarta at 12 a.m. EST .
The Facebook app , as you might imagine , features the same disgruntled birds and addictive gameplay you 've seen in mobile and desktop versions of the game .
It will also feature added social components , brand new power-ups , and Facebook-exclusive levels .
Angry Birds has been downloaded more than 700 million times since its release for Apple 's iOS in December 2009 , and with Facebook 's 800 million users , it 's bound to hit 1 billion soon .
Thanks to the success of Angry Birds , game maker Rovio emerged as a gaming powerhouse , and it 's looking to go public as soon as 2012 . Right now , the company is worth more than $ 1 billion , according to CMO Peter Vesterbacka .
Check out the trailer for the Facebook version of the game below , and try out the game here .
A brand new drop-in centre serving veterans is about to open in Sydney , filling a void created more than a year ago when the Veterans Affairs office there closed down .
The Sydney office was one of eight across the country the federal government shut down in early 2014 , creating outrage as Ottawa sought to replace them with online or phone-in services .
But on Monday , after nine months of planning , veterans in Sydney will have a bricks-and-mortar facility they can visit to get help to access services .
“ We 'll help with their appeals , we 'll help with their pension . If they 're on loads of medications we will recommend them , if they want , for medical marijuana … and basically help them with their paperwork , ” said Vince Rigby , the new centre 's president .
The centre is being funded by Marijuana For Trauma Inc. , a Fredericton-based organization providing medical cannabis consultation to people in need , especially veterans and emergency responders suffering from trauma or Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder .
Marijuana For Trauma was founded by a veteran who developed PTSD after serving in Afghanistan .
Rigby , a veteran , says cannabis treatment helped them with their own struggles .
“ The medicine that we are using , is much better than — well , myself , I was taking 22 pills a day , plus , ” they said .
“ Now I 'm down to three . So this is doing me good . ”
While cannabis treatment may not be for everyone , for veterans in Cape Breton the new centre means they will have a place to go to get the help they need .
Debra Gyorfi , who worked at the old Veterans Affairs office for several years after serving more than two decades in the military , says the new centre will do what the online and phone-in system does not .
“ The telephone system does not work , ” Gyorfi said .
“ You 're going from one ( operator ) to another and having to explain your story each time , and a lot of vets ca n't do that , ” they said .
Blair MacIvor , who lives with PTSD after serving in the Canadian Army for 20 years , says the new centre will be an important place for veterans .
“ We ourselves , the people who are still living , of course did n't do the greatest sacrifice , but a lot of us sacrificed our mental well-being , our family life , our quality of life , and none of that will ever come back to the way it was , ” they said .
With files from CTV Atlantic 's Kyle Moore
Spanish version
State Representative Lynn Stucky represents House District 64 , which includes the cities of Denton , Krum , Corinth , Shady Shores , Hickory Creek , and Lake Dallas.A native of rural Kansas , Dr. Lynn Stucky was raised on a farm with their five siblings . They are a graduate of Kansas State University in Manhattan , Kansas , where they earned a Bachelor of Science degree in 1979 , followed by their Doctorate of Veterinary Medicine in 1983.Shortly after graduating , Lynn set out for Texas to find a place to begin practicing veterinary medicine . They stopped in Denton County , and they never left . In 1986 , they bought into veterinary practices in both Denton and Sanger , and in 1997 , they opened the Animal Hospital on Milam Road where they still practice today.Over the course of their 34 years as a veterinarian in Denton County , Lynn has cared for the animals of over 9,000 of their friends and neighbors . They are also a member of the American Veterinary Medical Association , a lifetime member of the Texas Veterinary Medical Association , a former member of the Denton County Animal Advisory Board and the Bayer Animal Health International Advisory Board , and they are a long-time veterinary volunteer for PRCA rodeo events . They were the President of the Denton County Veterinary Medical Association for 6 years.In addition to their work in the veterinary profession , Lynn has distinguished themselves as a public servant and a community leader . They served for 15 years on the Sanger ISD Board of Trustees , including 4 years as president . Lynn has also served in a variety of other capacities . They are a graduate of Leadership Denton , served on the Board of Directors of the Sanger Chamber of Commerce for six years , is a long-time member of the Denton Chamber of Commerce , and since 2002 has served on the Board of Directors of the Kanakuk Institute , a graduate discipleship program for young men and women to intensively study scripture . In 2003 & 2007 , they were named `` Citizen of the Year '' by the Sanger Chamber of Commerce.Lynn and their wife , Lori , a former teacher and coach in Denton ISD , will celebrate 30 years of marriage this year . They are the proud parents of three grown children , Evan , Lyndi and Malori . The Stucky Family are members of the Denton Bible Church .
When you play pickleball outdoors in Georgia , you know your problems are going to be eye protection , the sun , the optics of your sunglasses , keeping the darn sunglasses on a sweaty face , a full field of vision from light weight glasses , the price of the glasses on your fixed retirement income , and of course - especially when you are old and have already achieved your pear if not even your pineapple shape - your fashion statement among the other retirees . `` Better to look good than to feel good , '' I think Billy Fernando Lamas Crystal said years ago .
Enter these Hulislem sunglasses to replace my LL Bean fancy ones where the lens coatings just disintegrated , perhaps from the laser beams my eyeballs emit while tracking a Dura . ( It 's outdoors ) .
These Eyeball Baroo 's really answered all my concerns : unobstructed vision , light enough to have no effect on my perfect balance or my ADD , fit like Geordi 's visor ( I assume ) . Plus 4.0 , and up , players envy me ( I also assume ) for my orbital plumage . Maybe not for my dinking .
Remember : when you are outside , you have got to block ALL the ultraviolet to protect your eyes , and you want to have good eye protection while playing potentially high-impact sports . I 'm sure you could pay 10 times as much and get something comparable .
But why look further ? Hulislem 's . They work just fine .
Plus the name is really curious . `` Hulislem . '' Could be the name of a new and mysterious Belter character on `` The Expanse . '' Get no better .
Hope .
It really is the most powerful yet dangerous and cruel of human traits . It forces us to defy logic , sometimes at great cost . Other times it guides us through treacherous waters and back into the arms of our loved ones . We can not live without being in its presence yet we can die tragically while being draped in it . It is truly a paradox .
And yet this is exactly the type of life I have been living , within a paradoxical world . Logic says that my soul mate died eight months ago . Logic says that my unborn daughter also perished in an accident on that rainy evening . Them name would have been Angela , after their mother , Angelica . Logic says that it is unhealthy that I have become a drunken recluse since the party that put us on that road and into that electrical pole . And logic definitely says that I was not talking to Angelica on instant messenger . Hope forced me to defy logic .
Three weeks after their funeral , I was finally released from the hospital . I do not know why I escaped Death that evening . Truth be told , I have a major beef with that son of a bitch when the time comes . I 've often fantasized and practiced drawing that meeting sooner than it might expect , but my computer keeps drawing me back down from the roped rafters . It 's also the reason why I do n't leave and why I no longer talk to anyone on the outside . I do n't know what 's going to kill me first , my clutter and filthy apartment or the noose that beacons me . Do n't really care either way .
Even after making sure all of my electrical devices were turned off and even after investigating all the ways they could have logged in and stayed logged in , their face still sits there , welcoming me . Everything about the situation paralyzed me . When I looked at their screen name and their picture icon on the messenger I was always left dumbstruck . Every time I saw their face I got the same sensations and emotions ; that I was falling , that I was being haunted and tortured , and that I was always left hopeful and optimistic that I may stay connected with her , even after death . And every time I sent them a message I sat there praying they would answer back . I 'd tell them about how much I missed her , about how horrible life had become without her , about how we missed our daughter 's birthday and how I constantly fantasize about their crawling or the sound of their cries , or how I was sure they would have had the same smile as them Even in death , they were still my best friend…still my lover .
Occasionally they did write back . An “ A ” occasionally ( my name is Adam ) , sometimes small words , “ as , ” “ was , ” and sometimes just gibberish . They always seemed to send me these hints , these clues to their existence when I was asleep and especially when the lights were out . I 've tried to narrow down their routine so I adjusted my sleep schedule to try to catch them online . It was so difficult at times because they could go days without saying anything . Not even a letter . But I know they were trying so hard to communicate because when they did type to me I would always hear their move near me . The clutter helped magnify the sound .
The sounds changed often . Sometimes it was something rustling nearby , other times I think I could hear the eco of the keyboard clicks , most of the time it was just a light humming of rhythmic vibrations…it had to be their soul I was hearing . Oh those sounds , I could tell they were always so close me , trapped , unable to embrace me as they knew how much I yearned for their touch . How much I needed to feel them again . It got to a point where I would just pour my soul into that chat box for days on end , barely sleeping , always hoping that perhaps my words would will them back into my arms . As the months passed and the trash around me grew , the louder their sounds rang to me . Then one night , a rainy night much like the one I lost them in , I finally found them
I had n't slept in two days when I went on a drunken writing session with them on IM . It was one of those sessions where I talked about giving up and wanting to join her , where ever they are . I felt such a real connection with them in that moment . I just knew that they were really listening to me this time and that I felt if I kept confessing my love to them that night that I would finally be reconnected with them I remembered the last thing I would ever type to her , “ Angelica , I need you so badly . I need to be with you right now . Please Angelica , I beg you , please come to me ! ”
That 's when the power went out .
It had been the first time in eight months that I had lost contact with them Soul crushing panic quickly set in as the thought of never being able to speak to them again began to suffocate me . I stood up quickly as though standing would get me high enough to reach the oxygen that seemed to have been sucked out of the room . That is when I heard her , louder than ever , in the pitch darkness of the wasteland that had become our apartment . I could hear them moving swiftly through the apartment . It was as though they were everywhere ; in the closet , under my bed , in the kitchen , everywhere . I had never been so overjoyed in my life , with exception to them telling me we were finally pregnant after four years of trying . I had finally done it , I thought to myself . I had willed them back to me !
In a frenzy to find her , I stumbled over towers of food trash and junk and abruptly crashed onto the ground , splitting my forehead on something solid . My God how I relished the sound of their conjuring near me when I fell . It was almost as if they were trying to catch me based on the sound of the swiftness in their movement . As I laid there on my belly , I start to push myself up when the lights suddenly clicked back on . There they are , lying under our bed , wrapped and trapped in black cords , leaning up against the shoebox of their favorite work heels . They were there all along and I did n't even think to look .
As I moved toward her , I saw the rats scramble to get away from my footsteps , climbing over them to safety . I picked their up…her work laptop that is…still plugged in as they left it the night they died , using the power and Ethernet outlet hidden behind the headboard of our bed . Apparently their employer forgot to ask for their equipment back after their death . I 've been so angry for being so stupid , yet so thankful for the eight months I thought I spent with my beloved Angelica , and yet still so lost with dread that it was all a delusion . Logic says they both are dead and forever will be due to my indulgence that night .
Hope , the most dangerous and cruel of human traits , defies logic at great cost . This has been my paradox . This has been my Hell .
Most deservedly so .
Cartel godfather to be freed from U.S. prison
Here are 12 things you need to know about the cartel Salazar helped lead . less Jesus Hector `` El Guero '' Palma Salazar , a former head of the Sinaloa Cartel , is escorted by U.S. and Mexican federal agents after landing in Houston in January 2007 to face federal charges in the United States . Jesus Hector `` El Guero '' Palma Salazar , a former head of the Sinaloa Cartel , is escorted by U.S. and Mexican federal agents after landing in Houston in January 2007 to face federal charges in the United ... more Photo : DirectToArchive Photo : DirectToArchive Image 1 of / 18 Caption Close Cartel godfathers to be freed from U.S. prison 1 / 18 Back to Gallery
A legendary Mexican drug cartel founder known for their own extreme personal tragedies is scheduled to soon be released from a U.S. prison .
Jesus Hector Palma Salazar , nicknamed `` El Guero Palma '' or Blondie for their looks , is to be freed by June , according to the U.S Bureau of Prisons , as they have completed their sentence .
It remains to be seen what will come next for the former Sinaloa Cartel boss , as Mexico 's drug landscape has changed mightily since they were arrested 20 years ago .
`` EL CHAPO '' FALLS : Wife of Sinaloa Cartel leader Guzman speaks out
Palma Salazar , 55 , is expected to return to the crime group they launched a generation ago with the trafficker known as `` El Chapo , '' who was recently arrested in Mexico months after being interviewed by American actor and sometimes magazine writer Sean Penn .
Palma Salazar has seen horrific tragedy .
A rival gangster , Rafael Clavel Moreno , once seduced their wife ; got them to withdraw $ 7 million from a bank then decapitated them and sent Palma Salazar their head .
They also shoved Palma Salazar 's children to their deaths from a bridge in Venezuela .
`` It devastated him , '' recalled Mike Vigil , a retired chief of international operations for the Drug Enforcement Administration and author of the book `` Deal . ''
THE ARREST : New images of El Chapo 's capture do n't show their best side
`` After their kids were killed , they lost all of their morality , '' Vigil said of Palma-Salazar .
`` He took off the gloves , '' Vigil said , contending that Palma Salazar shifted from the surgical use of violence to wholesale killing .
Clavel Moreno was later stabbed to death .
Palma Salazar had a front-row seat to the start of modern Mexican drug cartels .
After the chief leader of the once mighty Guadalajara Cartel was captured in 1989 , Mexico saw the rise of crime bosses across the country from what were then smaller , less feared groups .
LOOKING BACK : What Los Mochis , Sinaloa looked like before drug violence took over
Palma Salazar and Joaquin Guzman Loera , `` El Chapo '' seized the opportunity to launch the Sinaloa Cartel , which remains one of Mexico 's longest running and strongest crime alliances .
The death of Palma Salazar 's family revealed a dramatic shift in Mexico 's drug violence .
`` Before it was kind of like the Italian Mafia , you do n't screw with the family , `` Vigil said .
Vigil predicted Palma Salazar will soon be back in business .
`` I do n't know how much money they have now , but the fact of the matter is that this is the only business they know , '' Vigil said .
`` One thing about 'El Guero Palma ' is they love the power , '' they are addicted to power , '' they said . `` He has been without power for a long time and will want to regain it . ''
Rift is set to get a brand new full expansion . Called The Starfall Prophecy , the expansion comes with a level cap increase to 70 , five new zones , new dungeons , a new raid ( post launch ) , new Legendary abilities that fundamentally alter how souls play , the Planar Fragment system , Planar Assault instances , Fortress Sieges , and loads more .
advertisement advertisement
We spoke with Scott Hartsman and Simon Ffinch about the Starfall Prophecy , and the first thing Simon said was that when the team on Rift is asked for something small – they always get something much bigger . And that 's how the idea for this expansion began . Starfall Prophecy takes place on a literal massive comet , zooming through the skies above Telara .
I joked that this was likely MMORPGs ' largest flying mount , and Simon said they should probably market it as such ( PR Lead Garth was not as amused… ) . The comet is comprised of five new zones , though one ( Tenebrian Schism ) will be only partially open at launch as it 's the subject of the expansion 's free content updates ( along with the asupervisorstioned raid ) . Two of the zones will be based on the Plane of Life , and two will be based on the Plane of Fire . My personal favorite from the description is the goblin infested Gedlo Badlands .
Throughout each zone , you can quest and follow the story as you 're accustomed to in MMOs like Rift , or you can simply use IA to level through the content as well . New puzzles , dailies , onslaughts , rifts , zone events – all of it will be included . And while there 's a central hub called Alittu , it 's not a fully-featured city with auction houses and the like . There are portals back to Telaran soil , though , to do what can only be done on terrestrial land .
One of the big new systems coming with the Starfall Prophecy is Legendary Abilities . From level 65 to 70 , one point for each level will be awarded to the player to spend on their existing abilities to turn them into legendary versions of them . Now , it 's not every skill on every soul – Simon said it 's more about the iconic abilities for each one from 0 points spent to 61 points spent in a tree . Some examples ?
A 0-Point Druid can turn Fervent Strike into a Legendary , allowing it to not only sap the enemy 's strength but also increase damage across all non-Druid abilities . This means you can simply slot Druid into your build , spend one legendary point , and every single other ability from your other souls get the buff from the new legendary Fervent Strike . A Blade Dancer , as its 61 point Legenday can allow players to turn on two Rhytmic Actions at once . Yes , that means they become whirling dealers of death . Finding that kind of synergy in the trees is what will make picking your legendary abilities a work of art .
Planar Fragments is another big new addition . This is essentially a way for players to take control of the kind of items they want . These act sort of like gems in Diablo 2 and will allow you to assign the stats you want to your gear . Earth fragments , for example will be for blocking , and defense . You can break down fragments you do n't like , and then use those pieces to level up existing fragments and increase their effectiveness . As you level up the items , basically feeding it these fragments , you 'll reveal up to four properties that you can adjust and combine with fragments . There 's also a brand-new level of rarity in items to hunt down – ETERNAL items now overcome Transcendent for the ultimate in bragging rights .
There are several other features that Simon and Scott want to save details on until a later date . But we did get a few details . Active Upgrades , in a nutshell will be like quests for your items . You 'll do things in the game , complete challenges to upgrade an item 's stats . Fortress Sieges are a new form of massive scale battles , and Planar Assaults are basically the Instant Adventures for people who love rifts – like an endless chain of progressively difficult rifts to close .
And yes , Virginia , there is a Santa Claus – the whole expansion comes for just one price of $ 39.99 . No piecemeal offerings , just “ buy it and get all the content ” . There is a deluxe digital edition for $ 59.99 that comes with the Aetherial Drake Mount , an Asha Catari outfit ( for males too ! ) and a Ring of Ankhet character portrait decoration . Plus everyone who purchases the expansion gets Opie the artifact harvesting squirrel mount , essentially the best and cutest damn mount you could want .
Pre-orders for Starfall Prophecy are available now , but there 's yet to be a release date or window announced for the expansion . Expect more coverage on all of the above as we march closer to the launch .
Story highlights Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders attended the same church Sunday
Clinton and Sanders courted African American voters with similar but opposing messages
Las Vegas ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders , both hoping to win over Nevada 's African-American electorate ahead of this week 's presidential caucus , attended an aptly named house of worship on Sunday : Victory Missionary Baptist Church .
Seated on opposing sides of the warm red sanctuary , Clinton and Sanders courted African-American voters with similar but opposing messages . While Sanders focused on criminal justice reform and economic policy that would punish billionaires and the top 1 % of earners , Clinton trained some of their rhetoric on the man they are running against .
`` I am not a single issue candidate and this is not a single issue country , '' Clinton said , a comment that is squared directly at Sanders . `` Because if we were going to achieve everything about banks and money and politics , would that end racism ? Would that make it automatically going to happen that people will be able to get the jobs they deserve , the housing the need , the education their children should have ? ''
Sanders , for their part , spoke about an array of issues during a similarly short speech and did not mention Clinton .
`` Some of us believe that what God teaches us what this world is about is that we do not turn our backs on our brothers or our sisters , '' Sanders said . `` Essentially , we are in this together . ''
Read More
Chris Fox , CP24.com
Officials with a historic racquet club that was gutted by fire earlier this week say efforts to recover important documents and equipment are continuing with the goal of removing all “ salvageable items ” from the rubble by the end of next week .
The six-alarm blaze at the Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto on St. Clair Avenue burned throughout the day Tuesday and was n't actually declared under control until the early hours of Wednesday morning .
In a memo sent to members late Friday night , the club said that staff along with a restoration contractor continue to visit the premises under the supervision of engineers and are in the process of removing salvageable items .
The memo , however , says that many areas of the building “ remain unsafe ” and can not be accessed at this point .
“ By the end of next week we hope to have all salvageable items out of the building , ” the memo says . “ This has been a huge team effort with staff from multiple departments pitching in . ”
Power temporarily restored
The club previously said that staff are focusing their efforts on recovering “ items of value , ” including
art , computers and servers , financial records and archival materials .
In the memo released on Friday , the club says that they have also been able to supply temporary power to the building through the use of generators .
“ This will allow us to get heat into the building to assist with drying out the structure on the west side of the club , ” the memo says .
Fire officials have previously estimated the total damage from the fire at well above $ 1 million .
The building dates back to the late 1800 's and had been operated as the Badminton and Racquet Club of Toronto since 1924 .
A tax system overhaul along the lines that Mitt Romney has proposed would give big tax cuts to high-income households and increase the tax burden on middle- and lower-income households , according to an analysis from economists at the Tax Policy Center .
The researchers did not analyze the exact Romney plan , since it is incomplete and the researchers were reluctant to make assumptions until the campaign released more details .
Instead they created a model for a revenue-neutral income tax change that incorporates some of Mr. Romney 's proposals , which include lowering marginal tax rates , eliminating both the alternative minimum tax and taxation of investment income of most taxpayers , doing away with the estate tax and repealing the additional high-income taxes passed with the Affordable Care Act .
On their own , these cuts to personal income and estate taxes would reduce total tax revenue by $ 360 billion in 2015 relative to what is expected if current policies continued , according to the report .
Photo
Mr. Romney has said that their plan will include offsets to the revenue lost through their proposed lower tax rates , although they have not said what kinds of policies would provide revenues to offset those cuts ( that is , how they would come up with an additional $ 360 billion to compensate for the lost amount in tax revenue ) .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The analysis assumes that those offsets would be achieved chiefly through reducing or altogether eliminating other tax breaks — like the mortgage interest tax deduction or the child tax credit — and does not factor in spending cuts as a means to offset lost tax revenue .
The public will get a rare glimpse of the 11th century Celtic Psalter The oldest book in Scotland is going on public display for the first time in its history . The Celtic Psalter dates from the 11th Century and contains hand-written psalms in Latin , with Celtic and Pictish illustrations . It has been kept under lock and key at the University of Edinburgh and has been available to only a few scholars . But for the next three months the public will have the chance to view the book at the university 's library . The psalter , which is thought to be almost 1,000 years old , has been described as Scotland 's version of the famous Book of Kells in Dublin . It contains a handwritten copy of the Psalms of King David in Latin , and has ornate pictures of dragons and beasts . Edinburgh University 's rare book librarian Joseph Marshall said : `` People have been reluctant to show it , but now we have a special display case , and really this is the book 's first public outing in 1,000 years . '' The origin of the psalter is a mystery but experts believe it was probably produced by monks in Iona , who were also associated with the making of the Book of Kells . It 's as beautiful today as it was when it was first written
Joseph Marshall
Edinburgh University It is thought that the pocket-sized book was donated to Edinburgh University 's library around the 17th century , but it has only been available to students of medieval manuscripts . It is still in pristine condition because it has been kept out of public view for so long . Although the original binding has been lost , the script is bold and clear and the red , green , purple and gold in the illustrations are still vivid . Mr Marshall said : `` It is a riot of colour . You would think someone had gone over it with a felt-tip pen . '' They added that they thought the book was probably commissioned by a figure of importance , such as St Margaret , Queen of Scotland . Mr Marshall said : '' Someone has gone to town to make it look beautiful and it 's as beautiful today as it was when it was first written . '' The psalter is part of a display which marks the refurbishment of the university library 's exhibition room . `` Masterpieces 1 '' also includes Scotland 's only copy of the first book printed in any of the Gaelic languages . Also on display is the finest surviving copy of Scotland 's first substantial printed book , the Aberdeen Breviary which dates back to 1509 . There is also a copy of Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet published during the playwright 's lifetime . The exhibition opens on Friday and lasts until 14 March .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The choice of valuation techniques in practice : Education versus profession
Lilia Mukhlynina , Kjell G. Nyborg
The valuation of firms , projects , and transactions directly affects investment decisions and the allocation of resources in the economy . But practitioners often dismiss 'academic ' valuation techniques . This column uses a survey of valuation professionals to argue that the real-world choice of valuation methods is often arbitrary , and influenced more by professional subgroup than educational background . In which case , we should ask whether finance education beyond bachelor 's degrees is merely a sideshow .
The valuation of firms , projects , and transactions is one of the most fundamental processes in business and finance . It directly affects investment decisions and the allocation of resources in the economy . As a result , there is a vast amount of academic work on the topic . This material is widely taught at all levels of higher education , using textbooks such as Berk and DeMarzo ( 2013 ) and Brealey et al . ( 2013 ) . Academics and those that do valuation for a living do not always agree over the implementation , or relevance , of theory . Practitioners are sometimes dismissive of 'academic ' ideas , as illustrated by this consultant 's response to a recent survey that we performed:1
“ There seem to be lots of academics asking how analysts in the real world use CAPM or calculate the cost of capital . The answer is , people do n't waste time on this . No one ever lost/made money because they calculated the WACC better than consensus . You accademic [ sic ] guys are wasting your time. ” ( Mukhlynina and Nyborg 2016 ) .
If these views are widespread , this raises questions about what academics teach and the effectiveness of higher-level finance education . There are also questions about the valuations that the professionals come up with , because they are intermediaries in the capital allocation process . There is little systematic knowledge on the favoured techniques , and the factors that affect the choices made by valuation professionals . How important is their level of education , or their professional subgroup ? How important is the purpose of the valuation ?
The most established methods used to value a project or a company are relative valuation ( 'multiples ' ) and multi-period models . Finance textbooks emphasise the latter , and especially the technique of discounted cash flows ( DCF ) . Approaches differ on several levels : by the inputs one needs to consider , by the caveats one has to be aware of , and , most crucially , by the results one gets .
Anecdotally , some practitioners are of the opinion that the DCF technique is too academic and theoretical . In contrast , multiples are viewed as delivering market-oriented results in addition to being easier to implement . As expressed by the consultant in the quote above , the cost of capital , a major input into a DCF valuation , is sometimes viewed as an academic concept that has little practical relevance . It is not clear how widely held this belief is or , in general , how popular multiples really are .
In our recent work , we use a survey to shed light on these issues ( Mukhlynina and Nyborg 2016 ) . We map the ways in which professionals go about the business of valuation . This basic analysis is used to determine the factors that affect a valuation professional 's choice of method and implementation .
We find support for the 'sociological hypothesis ' that profession matters more than education , and found that different professions have different valuation cultures . So in practice , the values attached to different firms and projects – on which resource allocation may depend – depend on 'where ' a valuation is carried out .
Which methods were chosen ?
The vast majority of the survey respondents typically employed both relative valuation and multi-period models . About half had a preference for each method . By far the most popular multiple is EV/EBITDA,2 with 84 % in our sample saying they always , or almost always , use this when they use multiples . Respondents favoured 12-month forward estimates of earnings . On average they employed eight comparables , picked primarily from rivals in the same industry , also paying attention to size and expected growth .
The most popular multi-period model was DCF . Respondents typically discounted expected cash flows at the weighted average cost of capital ( WACC ) , with the cost of debt estimated by the risk-free rate plus a spread . The cost of equity was estimated by the Capital Asset Pricing Model ( CAPM ) . Multifactor models were rarely used . The risk-free rate is most commonly taken to be the yield on a long-term Treasury security . Cash flows were typically projected only for five years . Terminal values were calculated using the Gordon growth model , with the most popular choices of growth rates being 2 % , and expected GDP growth .
With these choices , and with realistic assumptions on the discount rate and forecasting horizon growth rates , the fraction of the total gross value of a project that can be attributed to the terminal value is around 70 % . This underscores the practical significance of the forecasting horizon , and the terminal value . It also implies that the way the technique of DCF is implemented in practice means that it becomes almost just another multiples exercise , with the majority of the estimated value attributable to the forecasted cash flow in the first year after the forecasting horizon , multiplied by one over the discount rate less the growth rate .
Respondents discounted cash flows at the WACC . It is clear from their answers to other questions , though , that they were confused about the well-known textbook result that the WACC is sensitive to leverage because of interest tax shields . Generally , respondents did not have a deep understanding of how to deal with tax shields when they carried out DCF analysis . This professional confusion challenges finance academics to improve their teaching .
How these methods were chosen
What factors affect the professionals ' choice of valuation method ? We frame this as a contest between educational background and professional subgroup ( consulting , investment banking , private equity , or asset management ) . But we also investigate ( and controlled ) for other respondent characteristics , especially paying attention to the type of investment ( project finance , listed firms , unlisted firms , real estate ) and the type of transaction ( mergers and acquisitions , investment decisions , going public or private ) . We also look at the purpose of the valuation – whether the respondent is on the buy side , the sell side , or in an advisory role .
We may expect valuers with a more advanced degree to use more sophisticated methods and make fewer conceptual mistakes . But sociology and social psychology also recognise that professions have identifiable cultures , and that individuals are influenced by peers and groups ( Asch 1955 , Greenwood 1957 ) . Therefore , it is also plausible that cultural norms within professional subgroups affect the approach that members of the group prefer . Robert Shiller was an early proponent of some of these ideas ( Shiller 1984 ) .
Our comparison of the influence of education versus professional subgroup was motivated by Harris ( 1995 , 1998 ) , who demonstrated that children 's values and behaviour are influenced more by peers than by upbringing at home . Our hypothesis is that valuation professionals would adopt the ‘ valuation culture ' of their professional subgroup , rather than the methods from their educational background . We rest this by examining differences in valuation approaches across professional subgroups , because there is no a priori reason why one profession should use more sophisticated valuation methods than another .
We find that there are distinct differences in several elements of the choice of technique across professions . Furthermore , these differences are not related to sophistication . Education has much less influence on this choice . The purpose of the valuation has little effect on the choice of technique .
This implies that there is a degree of arbitrariness about valuations in practice . They are influenced by where the valuation is carried out . Also , education is relatively unimportant in practice , which suggests that higher-level finance education may have more impact if is carried out in the workplace . This may well also be true for other business and management subjects where many theories and approaches flourish . We may ask what role finance education has beyond a bachelor 's degree . Is it merely a sideshow ?
References
Asch , S. ( 1955 ) , “ Opinions and social pressure , ” Scientific American , 193 , 31–35 .
Berk , J. and D. DeMarzo ( 2013 ) , Corporate Finance , Prentice Hall .
Brealey , R. , S. Myers , and F. Allen ( 2013 ) , Principles of Corporate Finance , McGraw-Hill .
Greenwood , E. ( 1957 ) , “ Attributes of a profession , ” Social Work , 2 , 45–55 .
Harris , J . ( 1995 ) , “ Where is the child 's environment ? A group socialization theory of Development , ” Psychological Review , 102 , 458–489 .
Harris , J . ( 1998 ) , The nurture assumption : Why children turn out the way they do , Free Press .
Mukhlynina , L. and K.G . Nyborg ( 2016 ) , “ The choice of valuation techniques in practice : Education versus profession , ” University of Zurich , SFI , and CEPR working paper .
Shiller , R. ( 1984 ) , “ Stock prices and social dynamics , ” Brookings Papers on Economics Activity , 2 , 457–510 .
Endnotes
[ 1 ] A report summarising the key findings of the survey , including condensed tables and figures , can be found at www.nyborg.ch .
[ 2 ] EV is enterprise value . EBITDA is earnings before interest , depreciation , and amortization .
As John Kavanagh 's interview at the One-Zero conference concluded at the RDS , all in attendance stood and applauded as a collage of Anthony Foley appeared on the stage-adjacent screen . It was a fitting tribute to one of Ireland 's greatest warriors as they were being laid to rest in Killaloe .
As John Kavanagh 's interview at the One-Zero conference concluded at the RDS , all in attendance stood and applauded as a collage of Anthony Foley appeared on the stage-adjacent screen . It was a fitting tribute to one of Ireland 's greatest warriors as they were being laid to rest in Killaloe .
Kavanagh , as tends to be the case when they speak to the media , was engaging and forthright , while they sat comfortably in a tailored grey suit their most famous pupil would certainly have approved of .
Exactly three weeks from tomorrow , Kavanagh will make the walk to the octagon with Conor McGregor at Madison Square Garden as they seek to make history at UFC 205 .
Indeed , the walk itself will be historic ; for the first time ever a mixed martial arts event will take place in New York , and the infamous Garden , which has housed so many immortal boxing spectacles over the years , is unquestionably the most befitting of venues for the occasion .
John Kavanagh , MMA coach of Conor McGreggor during an interview at the One Zero Tech Conference in the RDS . Photo : Tony Gavin 21/10/2016
When inside the cage , McGregor is tasked with navigating lightweight champion Eddie Alvarez in the five-round main event . Should they do so , the Dubliner will become the first fighter in history to concurrently hold UFC titles in two different weight classes .
They had been on the precipice of such an achievement last March , only for then lightweight kingpin Rafael Dos Anjos to sustain a broken foot 12 days out from UFC 196 .
What followed , was a seismic two-fight series with Nate Diaz . The first saw the Californian hand McGregor their first promotional loss in the most chastening fashion .
Undaunted , McGregor bounced back from the second round submission loss when they defeated the preternaturally durable Diaz via majority decision at UFC 202 in August .
Although McGregor has caused somewhat of a logjam by not defending the featherweight belt they took from Jose Aldo in just 13 seconds at UFC 194 last December , the fight with Alvarez simply had to be made .
While it might not make sense from a purely sporting perspective , the bout will generate an outrageous windfall for all the relevant parties , while the consensus among the fan-base is generally one of satisfaction at the prospect of McGregor and the Philadelphian going to war .
John Kavanagh , MMA coach of Conor McGreggor during an interview at the One Zero Tech Conference in the RDS . Photo : Tony Gavin 21/10/2016
The Crumlin man 's victory over Diaz was facilitated by they and Kavanagh dispatching of the training methods which had served them so well over the last decade .
The camp was specifically tailored around neutralising Diaz 's strengths , and huge emphasis was placed on McGregor 's endurance and the diversification of their striking arsenal .
Until Diaz had strangled McGregor into submission , the SBG duo had never unduly troubled themselves with the attributes of opponents , simply because of the frequency with which they ultimately faced 11th hour replacements .
“ Conor is so used to fighters pulling out on them that in their 14 pro fights there 's a 50 % rate of pull outs , ” Kavanagh explained .
“ It was just a common call , 10 days , 14 days out , and the promoter would ring me and I 'd answer saying ‘ hey is there a replacement ? ' before he 'd even say anything .
“ It was a common theme so we were n't able to get very super specific for what we were preparing for .
“ If you 're preparing for Aldo , a fast kickboxer , great takedown defence , and you get very specific about that and then a week out you get a wrestler ( Chad Mendes ) that holds people down , you could n't get more different than those two opponents but our training style could deal with that change . ”
“ But Diaz proved to be a different character for a number of different reasons . They were so unusual compared to the typical opponent that we did have to re-assess and change , we changed pretty much everything in the lead up for that contest , so it just taught me a different style of coaching that I had n't been used to . ”
On Alvarez , however , Kavanagh echoed previous statements from McGregor , that the American will prove a significantly less confounding foe .
Alvarez is a smothering and tenacious grappler , while their striking is potent , if somewhat generic . That said , they ploughed through Dos Anjos within a round , and is trained by some of the best coaches in the business .
Kavanagh maintained that McGregor will get the job done inside the distance , but also acknowledged that Alvarez presents a worthy challenge .
“ The Eddie Alvarez fight is a lot more of the standard that we 're used to . They fight with a traditional stance and he 's very similar to a bunch of guys that Conor has already beat .
“ Diaz was the anomaly , a bit of blip that had to be trained in a certain way for but I think the Eddie fight will be a return to our more traditional style of training .
“ There will be pressure in this fight , I have no doubt there will be times where Conor is feeling that pressure and is getting pinned up against the fence . It 's a fight at the end of the day and Eddie is a UFC champion and they are it for a reason .
“ He 's been around this sport for a long , long time and as I say we 're hoping for the best but we 're preparing for the worst so we 're ready for a tough 25 minutes .
“ I 'd be very surprised if it goes the full 25 minutes but I 'm sure Eddie is going to have their moments , that 's how fights are , but ultimately I have absolutely no doubt that Conor 's hand will be raised . ”
Online Editors
F1 Korean Grand Prix drivers race at the Korean International Circuit in Yeongam , South Jeolla Province , in this Oct. 14 , 2012 , file photo . / Yonhap
By Jung Min-ho
There will be no Formula One ( F1 ) racing event in Korea next year and it 's not a given that the country will get one back in 2015 .
In trimming the F1 calendar for 2014 , the International Automobile Federation decided to drop Korea along with other venues like New Jersey in the United States and Mexico at the World Motor Sports Council in France , Wednesday .
The F1 Korean Grand Prix in Yeongam , South Jeolla Province , has been a colossal money loser , with its operating losses pilling up to 190 billion won ( about $ 179 million ) in the past four years . Yeongam 's operating committee had requested Formula One Management to cut the hosting right fee to $ 20 million for 2014 from this year 's $ 27 million . The demand was n't met , which led to the cancelation of the 2014 event .
It remains to be seen whether the failure to host next year 's event will lead the organizers to completely give up their holding rights , which is contracted up to 2016 . A Korean Grand Prix official said they plan on hosting it again in 2015 , but admitted that the possibilities were far from certain .
`` We are not hosting the event next year , and we are trying to come up with measures for the situation , '' a Korean Grand Prix official , who refused to be named , told The Korea Times . `` Nonetheless , we believe Yeongam should continue to host it . So we will push hard to get it back for 2015 . ''
The Korean Grand Prix ' operating losses were 72.5 billion won in 2010 ― the first year ― 61 billion won in 2011 and 38.6 billion won last year . Organizers had also expected to lose another 18.1 billion won next year for the event .
The official admitted the `` excessive financial '' loss was the main reason for the omission .
The international racing competition is a multi-billion dollar sport with millions of fans and television viewers worldwide ; it had an audience of 527 million for the 2010 season . But Korea has been one of the least popular stops both for many fans and drivers with a lack of passion and facilities outside the circuit .
The Grand Prix in 2012 drew about 164,152 fans , but the number dropped to 158,163 this year .
What makes the organizers more frustrated is its vision in Korea ; questions have been raised whether it will ever make ends meet , let alone turn a profit , in the country that has neither an F1 driver nor a car producer .
Yeongam 's omission is also expected to be an alarm for many other cities unafraid of spending millions of dollars on unprofitable international sporting events outside their budget .
Hi/Hello
I see you
You see me
Thanks for moving aside
I mean you no harm
I will not run you over
You live around here and so do I , so we 're all in this [ whatever `` this '' means ] together .
Here 's what my wave does NOT mean :
I am desperately looking for a new best friend , and you 're it !
I ca n't wait to hear all about your troubles and misfortunes .
I have lots of extra money and can not wait to give it all to you !
So , in the wake of all this civilized albeit dorky friendliness , why do I then proceed to drive around the block in an effort to avoid having someone see me park in my own driveway ? Because in the social lexicon of my neighborhood , any sort of `` friendly '' gesture is very often interpreted as the second set of meanings above . I will pull into my driveway after giving that friendly wave , and the wavee will immediately change course , and instead of continuing down the street , they will walk right up my driveway , right up to my car , and as soon as I step out , I hear `` Hey ma'am , how are you doin ' ? ''
Rut-roh , as my friend Scooby Doo often says . Because if they 're calling me `` ma'am , '' they obviously have no actual idea of who I am . And they should -- because I 've been involved with my neighborhood association for the entire 9+ years I 've lived here , and have often made the rounds of houses on my block to distribute newsletters and community opinion surveys ( which are rewarded with a $ 10 Walmart gift card if you mail yours in within 30 days -- such a deal ) . I 've also picked up trash on Saturday mornings and helped assemble fish sandwiches when it 's 90 degrees out and the wind keeps threatening to knock over our tent .
But oddly , people who know me almost never bother me at home . They might call or email or text , but they certainly do n't come marching up my driveway and greet me as `` Ma'am . ''
The `` How are you doin ' ? '' is another dead giveaway . It means `` If I say something friendly , maybe you 'll be my new best friend , listen to all my cares and woes and give me money . ''
It does me no good to try to short-circuit the conversation by saying `` Do n't waste your breath , I have no money to give you , '' because I 've actually tried that , only to get `` Well , I was n't gon na ask you for no money , ma'am , just wanted to see how you were doin ' , and wish you a blessed day . ''
Sure you were . And I 'm the lead singer for the Strawberry Alarm Clock .
I 'm not enough of a wimp to let guilt cave me in , reach into my pocket and hand them cash as a way of apologizing , but I will smile , soften my tone , and engage in an extra 2-3 minutes of pointless and banal conversation , because despite my crusty outer shell , I 'm still a `` nice girl '' at heart , who does n't want to hurt anyone 's feelings and lose those oh-so-valuable karma points .
Or get my house paper-n-egged on Halloween .
So that leaves me with two options : The asupervisorstioned drive-around-the-block avoidance technique , or playing out the charade , in which I know the plea for money is coming , just like the punch line of a cheesy commercial , and they know it 's coming , they 're just waiting for the right moment , like when they ca n't figure out how to further embellish the current story ( spouse is off to war and/or the check was supposed to come in today and/or grandma needs their oxygen and/or would you believe I just got mugged in the parking lot at Dollar General -- see how my jaw does n't quite align anymore , I ought to go see the doctor but I do n't have any insurance ... ) , pause with a deep sigh and tell me how incredibly nice , sweet and kind I look and how it was God 's hand that they just happened to be making their sad way back home when I drove by , and the Good Lord whispered to them that here was someone who cares enough to help their neighbor ! ! !
Drive-around-the block usually works .
But I may consider something other than the flat-palm wave one of these days .
by Vol-E~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~My city and neighborhood are both relatively small , and the neighborhood falls along the lower end of the economic spectrum . People live close together , and many destinations are easily accessible by bus or on foot.It 's not unusual , as I drive the streets around my home , to encounter pedestrians . They often stroll along right in the middle of the road . They 'll look over their shoulders , see my car approaching , and then casually move along to the side so I can pass . Sidewalks are available , but rarely used , because they 're narrow , and often obstructed by trees , trash , or shrubbery.In any case , as I drive past , I 'll wave . Mind you , I do n't make eye contact when I wave , and do n't check to see if the person waved back . I 'm too busy watching the road for other cars , additional pedestrians , and runaway pets or children . I just lift the flat of my palm into the air ( i.e . no individual fingers protruding ... ) . Here 's what the wave means : I have gotten into the habit , when I see someone walking anywhere near my house , to keep driving , go slowly around the block and hope the person has gone away by the time I get back to where my house is , and turn into the driveway . Mind you , I still wave if I 'm close enough to the pedestrian . I ca n't help it -- that wave is hard-wired by now , even though my loving son has advised me that I look like a nerd or a geek or a dork or something when I do it .
Appearing on Fox News 's Red Eye Friday morning , Andrew Breitbart chided the Republican presidential candidates , calling them hypocritical for refusing to attend Donald Trump ‘ s Newmax debate , but continuously appearing on MSNBC . “ What 's so frustrating is the people who are saying no to Donald Trump are the people who say ( yes ) every single week to the MSNBCs of the world and are willing to sit there as Chris Matthews berates them , sets them up , and now they ca n't stand Donald Trump when they are probably one of the only successful capitalists out there hailng the economy which is a capitalist economy . These people are taking the wrong stand at the wrong time . If these guys have any integrity they say no to MSNBC — but they go after the only capitalist out there . ”
RELATED : Donald Trump : ‘ Very Surprised ' That Mitt Romney Turned Down Debate Invitation
Host Greg Gutfeld thought that the candidates who acted the swiftest in deciding whether to attend Trump 's debate or not demonstrated who were the true leaders in the race . “ You learn I think who the real leaders were by the people who first accepted and first rejected , ” Gutfeld observed . “ The first person who jumped in was Newt Gingrich , the first person who said no was Huntsman and then you saw Perry and Bachmann wait . ”
Watch Breitbart 's condemnation of the candidates who refused but still go on MSNBC below via Fox News :
Note : This story originally ran on Dec 9 , 2011
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
The helicopters alone cost more than $ 100,000 a day at one point . Weeks of dredging debris ran to more than $ 22 million . And on the day after the massive evacuation , as the crisis was peaking , the state spent $ 3,902 on breakfasts and lunches for emergency workers .
The fracture of Oroville Dam 's main flood-control spillway created a near-catastrophe , spawned multiple investigations and left lawmakers and locals grumbling about the state 's flight attendantship of the structure . One group is n't complaining , though : the dozens of concrete and gravel contractors , trucking firms , engineering consultants and others that have been paid millions to help the state clean up the mess .
“ It was a tremendous opportunity for us … a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity , ” said Jeff Lund of Lund Construction Co. in North Highlands , which helped excavate debris from the river channel beneath the crumpled spillway . Lund said their firm was paid about $ 5 million for its work at Oroville .
Well over $ 400 million will have been spent by the time Oroville 's facilities are restored . The single biggest jackpot belongs to Kiewit Corp. of Omaha , Neb. , the construction colossus that won the $ 275 million contract to repair the battered spillway over the next two years .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Kiewit 's big payout represents only a fraction of the financial windfall created by the Oroville crisis . Thousands of pages of invoices and receipts submitted to the state Department of Water Resources , released to The Sacramento Bee under a Public Records Act request , provide a vivid picture of how the 4-month-old emergency has generated work for all manner of companies , many of them from Northern California .
A Marysville contractor , Mathews Readymix , supplied $ 4.1 million worth of concrete over a five-week stretch . Bud Line Trucking of Sacramento was paid more than $ 100,000 for hauling equipment in February and March . Wolfpack Wood Recycling , a tiny firm from Cottonwood in Shasta County , made $ 217,000 grinding trees in March . Towill Inc. , a Concord mapping and surveying company , received four contracts totaling $ 167,000 to produce aerial images of the dam site from helicopters and drones .
The bills came in large and small . On Feb. 14 , two days after the emergency spillway nearly failed , PJ Helicopters of Red Bluff made $ 129,483 airlifting rock and concrete to the stricken dam site in a pair of Black Hawks . That same day , SpecWest Concrete Systems of Sacramento spent $ 312 on safety glasses and $ 146 for protective earmuffs , according to invoices submitted to the state .
Fixing Oroville Dam has been a minor godsend for the region 's construction workers , who ordinarily would have been idled in winter and early spring .
“ There are a lot of hours , and our members live and die on hours worked , ” said Ron Roman of Operating Engineers Local 3 , whose union hall in Yuba City supplied about 200 heavy-equipment operators and other workers to the site during the height of the emergency . “ It 's been an incredible amount of work , really . ”
Over the longer term , the crisis could be a mixed blessing for the region 's economy . Tourism could suffer because the repairs will shut down the largest boat launch area at Lake Oroville for the next two summers . At the same time , the surge of construction workers and others tromping through Oroville is creating “ this little boomlet ” for hotels and restaurants , said David Gallo , economics professor emeritus at Chico State University .
Gallo estimated the crisis will generate about 200 jobs in the area 's hospitality sector . That should provide a modest boost in a community where unemployment stands at 5.6 percent , or nearly a full percentage point above the statewide average .
At the family-owned Wagon Wheel grocery market , about three miles from the dam , sales have jumped about 30 percent . On Feb. 13 , the day after the evacuation was ordered , the store delivered $ 3,902 worth of breakfasts and lunches to the state 's main contractor on the emergency , Syblon Reid Construction of Folsom , according to invoices filed with the state .
Business has slowed since then , but the Wagon Wheel still gets a steady stream of construction workers and engineers .
“ You see these guys all day long , every day , ” said Pat Butler , who owns the store with their brother Tom . “ It 's just a continual influx of those orange vests every day . ”
The work posed logistical challenges for practically everyone . Pat Butler texted former Wagon Wheel employees to help with the assembly line needed to prepare meals during the worst of the crisis . At the other end of the spectrum was the task facing the Dutra Group of San Rafael , which was hired to oversee dredging of the badly clogged river channel beneath the spillway .
The river had to be cleared so the dam 's power plant , a critical portal for releasing water , could be restarted . Dutra 's 100 or so employees had to navigate mountains of debris and a host of unknowns .
“ What were the depths ? How many large rocks were there that would impede barge and boat traffic ? ” said Harry Stewart , Dutra 's chief operating officer . “ These were essentially uncharted waters . ”
Dutra made $ 22.1 million through the end of April , according to state records . The other big contractor on the emergency , Syblon Reid , billed the state $ 49 million , including sums paid to subcontractors . Syblon 's task was to oversee practically every aspect of the recovery effort , according to the company 's website . Company officials did n't return calls seeking comment for this story .
Around $ 130 million has been spent so far on emergency work . That figure is expected to grow to something less than $ 200 million , said Erin Mellon , spokesperson of the state Natural Resources Agency . That 's down from an earlier estimate of $ 274 million . But it does n't include the $ 275 million that Kiewit will earn over the next two years on the permanent repairs .
DWR has been footing the bill to this point , and the state has lined up a $ 500 million line of credit to deal with Oroville costs . Eventually the state expects the Federal Emergency Management Agency to reimburse California for a major portion of the expenses , as part of President Donald Trump 's official disaster declaration in April . Costs not covered by the feds are likely to be shouldered by the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California and other agencies whose water is stored behind the dam .
For some of the big contractors , working at Oroville has been nothing out of the ordinary . PJ Helicopters , for instance , had plenty of experience providing aerial support for Cal Fire before it got called to Oroville .
“ That 's the type of work we do , ” said Dave Gunsauls , the Red Bluff company 's chief executive . “ When an emergency happens , you go take care of it . ”
Others remain more than a little dazed by the Oroville operation , like Dennis Tackett , operator of a one-man water-hauling business in Galt .
Tackett drove their 4,000-gallon water truck almost daily to Oroville , where they helped dampen down the dust clouds kicked up by the helicopters ferrying materials to the spillway site .
“ It was a crazy busy job , ” Tackett said . “ I was honored to be a part of something so big and to be called to be there to help put the pieces together . ”
Their billings for February and March totaled $ 36,935 .
SHARE COPY LINK Controlled blasting continues on Oroville Dam 's lower spillway as the upper spillway 's walls are brought down one piece at a time .
`` We 'll put our all into the race ''
Hungaroring , Saturday July 25
Despite showing promise throughout every practice session , both drivers struggled through no fault of their own when it really mattered in qualifying this afternoon .
Jenson spoke of a lack of ERS deployment along the main straight as they began their final lap in Q1 . That lost them around four tenths of lap-time , and resulted in their failing to graduate to Q2 by just a tenth .
It was n't an ERS issue ; it was a steering switch software data issue that hindered the deployment of MGU-K out on the track . The cause of the problem is already understood and has been rectified .
Fernando finished 14th in Q1 , but was unable to post a time in Q2 after coasting to a halt , their car suffering an electrical shutdown owing to a loose harness connection that provides power to the car . They were unable to return to the track and will start the race from 15th position on the grid .
FERNANDO ALONSO , MP4-30-01
FP3 8th 1m24.846s ( +1.849s ) 16 laps Q1 14th 1m24.563s ( on Options ) Q2 15th overall No time Q3
`` This afternoon was a pity , because it 's been a good weekend for the team so far : we 'd made some useful performance steps , and had regularly been in the top 10 in the sessions , so the problems we had in qualifying were extremely unfortunate .
`` Jenson had a problem in Q1 , and then my car just switched itself off in Q2 . Unfortunately , we 're not allowed to continue in qualifying if the car does n't make it back to the pits under its own power , so that was that .
`` Qualifying was n't the right time to have these problems , but hopefully we can learn from them for the future . ''
JENSON BUTTON , MP4-30-04
FP3 13th 1m25.229s ( +2.232s ) 16 laps Q1 16th overall 1m24.739s ( on Options ) Q2 - Q3 -
`` I did n't get any electrical deployment down the main straight as I started my final lap in Q1 . The engineers tell me that 's worth about four-tenths – and that just is n't possible to make up around the rest of the lap . It was unlucky , but it is what it is .
`` It was a shame too , because I really enjoyed driving the car today . The morning session was a bit tough , but the car immediately felt good this afternoon . The balance was good and we thought we 'd easily get through into Q2 . We 're not quick enough yet , but at least we have a good balance .
`` Let 's hope tomorrow is a better day . I love driving around this place – it 's a great old circuit – and we 'll have a close look at what hand we can play tomorrow . But , even so , it 'll be a tough race , because you ca n't overtake around here . ''
ERIC BOULLIER - Racing director , McLaren-Honda
`` Here in blistering Budapest , as we approach the midsummer shutdown , we 'd been hoping to be able to leaven our first-half-of-the-season melancholy with some discernible improvement .
`` The fact is , we have improved , but I guess the key word is ‘ discernible ' , because a series of glitches and gremlins continues to conspire to prevent that improvement from translating into the ameliorated grid positions and race performances that we feel are within our compass .
`` Today , in Q2 , Fernando suffered an electrical shutdown triggered by a loose harness connection , shortly after Jenson 's fastest Q1 lap had been stymied by a steering switch software data issue .
`` Nonetheless , tomorrow is another day – and , despite the fact that the Hungaroring is a notoriously inexpedient circuit on which to overtake , both Fernando and Jenson will be doing their level best to do just that , and thereby move forward through the field . ''
YASUHISA ARAI - Honda R & D senior managing officer – chief officer of motorsport
`` It was a very disappointing result in qualifying .
`` After a promising Friday , and this morning 's FP3 results , we were hoping for more this afternoon .
`` The team has worked incredibly hard , but unexpected circumstances denied us a better result today , which is really tough on both Fernando and Jenson .
`` Jenson 's car had a steering switch software data issue , and the MGU-K assist was hindered out on the track . Their flying lap suffered and they could n't make it out of Q1 .
`` Fernando 's car suffered an electrical shutdown due to a loose harness connection that provides power to the car , ending their chances in Q2 . Their efforts to push the car back to the pit-lane and to the team were an act of great professionalism – they deserve deep respect for that .
`` Thankfully , we were able to check their car immediately after qualifying , where it was confirmed that the disconnection had n't affected any other part of the power unit for tomorrow 's race .
`` We know that our car setting and power unit setting are working well for the track , so tomorrow we 'll put our all into the race . ''
Food should be an experience , not merely sustenance .
Ray Oldenburg coined the term the “ third space , ” defining the places in our cities that are neither the home nor the workplace . They are the anchors of community life and are essential to foster civic engagement , promote democracy , and facilitate broader creative interaction .
Great ideas have historically been generated and shared at local pubs , coffee shops , and restaurants . This is why I advocate for the thoughtful design and execution of their physical spaces . As with all interior design , it 's not about buying the nicest stuff you can afford and putting it in a room .
The following were evaluated on the basis of knowing themselves and executing their space to be conducive to human comfort and interaction .
[ related_content slugs= ” winnipegs-top-5-apartment-buildings-exterior-edition , winnipegs-top-5-architectural-wonders-interior-edition ” description= ” More from Jaclyn Wiebe ” position= ” right ” ]
EARLS , St. Vital
1215 St Mary 's Rd .
www.earls.ca
Say what you will about Earls , but you have to admit that the Western Canadian chain understands the importance of quality design . Earls Restaurants Ltd. has its own in-house award winning design division , e+ Design and Construction , based at their head office in North Vancouver . Here in Winnipeg , the St. Vital location stands out by having a cohesive design aesthetic that encompasses the exterior structure as well as the decoration and details .
The space is enormous and there 's a lot of design to discuss , but the overarching feature is the execution of 1960s interior design and architecture . We all know the '60s are so hot right now , and it 's great to see the mid-century modernism influencing today 's designs because it 's simply good design . 1960s elements such as connection to outdoors , use of natural materials , monolithic fireplaces , clerestory windows , pitched roof structures with exposed beams , and open concept spaces ( with zones/rooms defined by raised or sunken floors ) are all techniques employed at this location .
The architecture and interior design are timeless and modern , and while the space feels fresh and contemporary , the classic choices of materials are n't at risk of looking dated and tacky . This is a good move , because if your company is going to spend at least a million bucks on one restaurant , it would probably be a good idea to spend it wisely and not have to renovate in five years .
The most dramatic interior feature is an enormous 3000lb Edison bulb light fixture , dimmed to the perfect level , adding a soft glow and a subtle sense of enclosure over the central dining area . ( While the Edison filament bulb look is a lot more 2010 than 1960s , you could easily switch out the bulbs with simple round globe bulbs and you have instant mid-century light fixture facelift for very little cost . )
They also understand connection to outdoors with sliding glass walls that flow out from the lounge onto expansive fire-lit patio spaces . Good call , Earls . Now if only you did n't love parking lots so much .
CONNIE 'S CORNER CAFE
967 Main St .
http : //urbns.pn/xtca
What restaurant design list would be complete without a quintessential family diner ? Connie 's does it best with a bright atmosphere and a design bursting with personality that was allowed to evolve over many years . Even if you are n't a fan of santa fe wallpaper borders and oversized dream catchers , you would n't dream of criticizing the decorating because it 's immediately evident that you 're a guest in someone 's home . It seems everything has a story in this place , from the photos of Connie 's family vacations , to the many autographed photos of celebrities and musicians whom you had likely forgotten existed . Music is a big part of their lives , and you can often find locals plugging the colourfully luminous jukebox to hear country classics .
Connie 's stands out as unique success compared to other diners because the physical layout contributes so well to the experience . The long bar-style-seating counter faces a small TV , a row of chrome tabletop jukeboxes , and a window into the kitchen with the perfect amount of separation so Connie can chat with the regulars while working the grill . Whether you come solo or with the whole family , there 's not a bad seat in the house .
UNBURGER
472 Stradbrook Ave .
http : //www.eatunburger.com
Unburger is a great example of a cohesive branding scheme , unifying graphic design and interior design . Their visual aesthetic parallels their gourmet-meets-casual food offerings : fresh , appealing , and fun . The dining room is bright and modern , with punchy hits of bold red and black text in a trendy Trade Gothic typeface . The plyboo ( bamboo plywood ) that was used for the benches and countertops brings natural textures into the space to offset the bright white walls .
There are no secluded booths or padded armchairs , a design approach made popular by fast food joints that subconsciously reminds customers that this is a place to grab a quick bite and move along . In this case that 's a good thing , since you can always find a seat without a wait , and you are n't subject to masses of loitering teenagers as tends to be common in other affordable Village eateries .
PARLOUR COFFEE
468 Main Street
parlourcoffee.ca
Photo credit : Matt Sawatzky , http : //www.mzsphoto.ca/
Parlour is well-branded , well-executed , and well-loved by those who know good coffee . This locally-owned Main Street shop is a great example of modern minimalism done well . I often hesitate to use the words modern minimalism with my clients because it conjures up images of sterile lifeless environments . While sterility may have its place in the design world , ( hospitals , maybe ? ) a local coffee shop needs a bit more… humanity . Parlour 's monochrome palette and lack of superfluous adornment bring serenity rather than sterility when paired with textures of reclaimed wood , burnished metal , and plaster mouldings .
The existing building and its traditional large-scale chandelier create the perfect backdrop for the modern lines of the well-crafted coffee bar and metal stools . The space is too small for tables and is often packed with people , but never feels cramped . The function and flow of the small room works very well , demonstrating that more space is not as valuable as well-used space .
RAE & JERRY 'S STEAKHOUSE
1405 Portage Ave .
www.raeandjerrys.com
Rae & Jerry 's has cemented itself as one of Winnipeg 's iconic establishments , offering an experience straight out of the bygone mid-century era . What restaurant design list would be complete without it ? Following the Second World War , a prominent Winnipeg business person and philanthropist named John Draper Perrin helped to boost the post-war economy by providing venture capital to new businesses – among these were Rae & Jerry 's and CJOB . The rest is history .
The interior is filled with textures that successfully create intimacy and inspire the romantic fantasy of stepping back into a time of glamour and elegance . That is not something that is easily accomplished , and speaks to the authenticity that they have retained over the years . Deep red seating and swaths of dark stained wood , punctuated by square recessed lighting and exposed ridge beams work together to harken to the lushness of early mid-century style .
HONOURABLE MENTIONS :
Mondragon
Boon Burger on Sherbrook
Peasant Cookery [ lounge ]
Bailey 's [ lounge ]
Palm Room at the Hotel Fort Garry
McDonald 's in St. Boniface ( strange but true )
—
Jaclyn Wiebe is the co-founder of FIRESIDE DESIGN BUILD INC. , a Winnipeg based full-service design build company with a focus on custom residential renovation : www.firesidedesign.ca .
Matthew Carasella Photography Alexa von Tobel ( center ) with Marie Claire editor Joanna Coles ( left ) and Ruth 's Chris Senior Vice President & Chief Branding Officer Cheryl Henry ( right ) .
Women control 83 percent of the spending in American households , LearnVest founder Alexis von Tobel pointed out last night in a conversation with Marie Claire editor-in-chief Joanna Coles at Ruth 's Chris Steakhouse in Manhattan , and they hold 60 percent of the country 's overall wealth . They 're also starting business more than ever before — women now own 30 percent of small businesses , and the the number of women-owned businesses has increased 44 percent since 1997 . But while women have more financial power than ever , that also means they have more to lose .
Von Tobel is getting married this year . When the topic of prenups came up , they said she 's not getting one , since they and their fiancé make roughly the same amount of money . But , they said , for couples with wide financial disparities , prenups can be a great idea . And Coles pointed out that increasingly , the partner making significantly more money is likely to be a woman .
Kim Kardashian 's prenup made the news after their divorce from Kris Humphries , but less-famous women may also be seeking the agreements more frequently than before . In a 2010 survey , 73 percent of attorneys reported an increase in clients asking for prenups , and 52 percent saw a spike in women , specifically , seeking them . And in another survey , just released by the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers , almost half of divorce lawyers said they 'd seen an increase in women owing alimony after a split , which a prenup can limit . Fifty-six percent of lawyers also said they were seeing more women paying child support . The latter ca n't be covered in a prenup , but the increase in both does indicate , according to the AAML , that women are `` finding themselves increasingly responsible for financial obligations during and after the divorce process . ''
Another video has resurfaced of MIT economist Jonathan Gruber , this one showing the Obamacare architect speaking candidly about guns while claiming that the National Rifle Association is holding “ hostage ” President Barack Obama 's nominee for Surgeon General .
“ By the way you have now permanently prevented yourself from winning a high elected office in the United States despite your charisma , ” Harold Pollack told Gruber at the end of a three-part interview about Obamacare recorded in April , predicting the backlash Gruber is facing by months in advance .
“ You know they 'll be playing this tape back in an endless loop with a guy with a deep voice in the background , ” Pollack predicted .
Gruber doubled down , segueing from speaking openly about Obamacare to another topic .
“ I 'll guarantee it further by highlighting that guns are a public health issue , ” Gruber said .
That prompted Pollack , who operates the website HealthInsurance.org , to mention Vivek Murthy , a British-born doctor whose nomination to Surgeon General has been blocked in the Senate .
“ Your friend and mine Vivek Murhty has made the mistake of making that observation , ” Pollack said to Gruber .
“ Just tragic , ” Gruber responded . “ It 's unbelievably sad , I mean not just because he 's a great guy , you know that the NRA can just hold the surgeon general hostage is just crazy . ”
Murthy was criticized after sending a tweet in 2012 which read “ Tired of politicians playing politics w/ guns , putting lives at risk b/c they 're scared of NRA . Guns are a health care issue . ”
That comment led to a contentious Senate confirmation hearing . The NRA and other gun rights advocates contend that gun ownership is a constitutionally-protected right rather than a public health issue . Designating firearms as such could lead to increased regulation , gun rights supporters claim .
Obama 's nomination of Murthy has also been criticized on other grounds , including Murthy 's young age as well as their open political support for Obama .
WATCH :
Follow Chuck on Twitter
33 SHARES Share Tweet Share Share Print Send
Dire warnings about Heartbleed , a serious internet security risk affecting millions of websites , is echoing across the internet today . Described as a flaw in OpenSSL , the open source encryption technology used by the vast majority of web servers , Heartbleed is said to put HTTPS e-commerce websites at risk
The bug “ can give hackers access to personal data like credit card numbers , usernames , passwords , and , perhaps most importantly , cryptographic keys—which can allow hackers to impersonate or monitor a server , ” writes Lily Hay Newman .
The risk was discovered by a Google researcher at Codenomicon , a Finnish company specializing in the development of “ fuzzing tools ” to ensure computer network security . The Codenomicon client base includes government and the defense industry and , as noted below , has suspicious connections to Obama , DHS , and the FBI .
The current buzz about Heartbleed plays into an ongoing government propaganda campaign to forge a public-private cybersecurity infrastructure .
The latest warning came from the Communications Director for Willis Global Energy Practice during a seminar held in London . They said the “ energy industry is sitting on an unexploded bomb from uninsured cyberattacks ” due , in large part , to web-based control systems which are routinely insecure .
In 2010 , the effort to portray the internet as vulnerable and in need of government protection took the shape of a simulated cyberattack . The war game was organized by the Bipartisan Policy Center , an insider think tank , and sponsored by “ companies with financial stakes in the future of cyber defense — General Dynamics is one — but also companies whose transactions are the lifeblood to the American economy , and who want to foster a greater sense of urgency among the public and policymakers , ” according to Marc Ambinder of The Atlantic .
Cyberattacks often seem timed to underscore government cybersecurity talking points and proposed legislation . For instance , in February , an unprecedented denial of service attack occurred several days after the National Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act found its way to the House floor . The legislation , supported by Republicans and Democrats , codifies “ an equal partnership between private industry and DHS . ”
The government considers this merging of government and corporate operations – basically corporatism , as Mussolini defined it – so essential Senator Jay Rockefeller tried to get the Cybersecurity Act of 2013 added as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act .
Earlier this month , former Sen. Evan Bayh , an Indiana Democrat , told the American Bar Association Section of International Law 2014 Spring Meeting in New York Congress is unlikely to pass cybersecurity legislation this session .
“ I think it 's not likely there will be legislative action ” Bayh said . “ That 's too bad . It will probably take a cyberattack succeeding in some way that significantly harms the country before we 'll be able to reconcile the debate in Washington about legislation . ”
Bayh said a large cyberattack would likely result in “ some mandatory standards that will make what 's been proposed , at least right now , pale in comparison . Because we always way overreact once we 've been attacked , and both sides need to get that in their minds , because that 's what is coming , ” they said .
Bayh , who sat on the Senate 's Select Committee on Intelligence , is now on the CIA 's advisory board . Due to this fact , their warning and prediction , expressed as a foregone conclusion , carries extraordinary weight .
Finally , it should be noted that Howard Schmidt , the former Cybersecurity Coordinator and Special Assistant to Obama , sits on the board of directors of Codenomicon .
Schmidt , who also worked for the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security , “ was responsible for coordinating interagency cybersecurity policy development and implementation and coordinated engagement with federal , state , local , international and private sector cybersecurity partners , ” a company page on the Codenomicon Defensics page states .
It is telling a company linked to Google , with its known intelligence connections , and having a member of the board of directors connected directly to the Obama administration 's cybersecurity initiative in addition to the DHS and the FBI , should discover a network vulnerability begging a government intervention .
SEE ALSO :
– US , Israel co-wrote Stuxnet against Iran : Snowden
– US and China accuse each other of cyber warfare
– False flag cyberattack on US banks to be blamed on Iran
– Sen. Rockefeller attempts to amend cybersecurity bill to NDAA 2014
– PRISM : NSA taps into everyone 's internet , secret files reveal
– Homeland security now pushing fear of terrorist cyberattack…are they planning another false flag ?
Source : http : //www.infowars.com/heartbleed-moving-toward-government-control-of-the-internet/
You can almost hear the groans in the caves on the Afghan-Pakistan border . `` What 's going on ? ! Why ca n't they just keep rendering and torturing people ? ! ''
A couple of years ago , the battle between American and al-Qaida propagandists for the Muslim world 's hearts and minds was an easy one for Osama Bin Laden 's men . The group did n't have to do much apart from point out all those instances of death , destruction and torture that showed how what America said bared little resemblance to what it did .
Barack Obama 's victory challenges the perceptions that form the foundation of al-Qaida 's worldview , and it has left its supporters a little confused . The group 's propaganda plays up the idea that the US is run by a coalition of rich , white , self-serving business people and politicians who use the word `` freedom '' to persuade the poor to fight for them .
In a message posted on the Counterterrorism Blog in January , al-Qaida 's Adam Gadahn repeated some of the organisation 's favourite themes : `` Muslims , of course , are much better acquainted [ than the American public ] with what is right and who the victim is and realise that right is n't whatever is said , done and commanded by Western presidents , prime ministers , and televangelists .
`` Muslims know what true values are… like liberating oneself and others from oppression , like honour , dignity and self-respect , like chastity and moral uprightness , like truth in word and deed , like showing mercy to the innocent , defenceless , and helpless , and fighting for them , and like giving one 's life for these values . ''
The problem for al-Qaida is that the truth of America 's claim to social equality and rule of law looks evident in the deed of Barack Obama 's election . With a president who is neither white nor from a rich and well-connected background , al-Qaida 's rhetoric is floundering . The confusion is clear on websites used by the group 's supporters .
On the password-protected al-Hasbah website , one al-Qaida supporter , Abu Ahmed al Salafi wrote : `` The election of this black man to the White House will improve the image of the new Rome in front of the world . '' It 's rare to hear al-Qaida backers talking forlornly about an American public relations coup . It 's even less common to hear them say the achievement is acknowledged in Islamic tradition .
`` Omar ( the second Caliph ) was right when they said Rome was the fastest to recover from a setback and that 's what 's happened with this black man , '' adds Salafi .
The real game-changer here is that Obama challenges the higher moral ground al-Qaida assumes it commands when talking to its supporters .
Salafi later says : `` According to my view , the election of McCain would have been been more useful to the Muslims than this black slave . This is a Christian who is fanatically for the Jews . '' But the words Salafi has chosen in their state of confused frustration do n't sit well with other posters . Later , another poster , Elhajgamal , asks ; `` My noble brothers . Because they are an infidel enemy we hate on behalf of God , is it permissible for us to address them by the colour of their skin ?
The answer from al-Nasr al-Islam : `` We say they are black because they are not white . There is no place for racism amongst Muslims . ''
It 's often overlooked that al-Qaida promises a fairer society . If its support is flagging , it 's because ordinary people have looked at its methods and wondered what sort of state it would run . But the calls for an end to corruption , nepotism and restoration of pride , dignity and self-determination still resound just as they have for more than 100 years through other ideologies .
Al-Qaida 's brand has done well in the past seven years because of America 's mistakes rather than the group 's achievements . By just proving its continued existence , it could assume an image on the streets of Cairo , Casablanca and Karachi as the plucky standard-bearer of Muslim pride . The torture in Abu Ghraib and the detainees in Guantanamo were heaven-sent opportunities to say ; `` Look ! Rule of law ? Human rights ? All lies . None of that means anything to America . ''
Since 9/11 , American public diplomacy in the Muslim world has been based on the assumption that over a billion people have unfortunately failed to realise that it is a force for good in the world . The multimillion dollar answers have included Hi , a teen lifestyle magazine , and cheerleader television news station , al Hurrawhich aim to promote American interests .
But for all the telling , America was not showing the Muslim world how it lived up to its promises . General public opinion in the Muslim world saw the same malevolent intention behind Abu Ghraib and Guantánamo Bay that they blamed for Western support of Muslim dictators and Israeli excesses . Al-Qaida simply tries to tap into that background sentiment and connect it to individuals ' own experiences .
When America starts showing that it can deliver social justice at home , it makes public opinion in the Muslim world wonder whether it can do so abroad . However , the election only produces a window of opportunity for America , and Britain , to make a serious dent in al-Qaida 's rhetoric by proving their commitment to the ideas and principles for which they say they fight . The Obama victory will require follow-up if they are to change perceptions . Closing Guantánamo , as the president-elect has pledged , would be a great start .
This page is a historical archive and is no longer maintained . For current information , please visit http : //www.cdc.gov/media/
Press Release
For Immediate Release : Monday , August 19 , 2013
Contact : Media Relations
( 404 ) 639-3286
CDC provides estimate of Americans diagnosed with Lyme disease each year
Preliminary estimates released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicate that the number of Americans diagnosed with Lyme disease each year is around 300,000 . The preliminary estimates were presented Sunday night in Boston at the 2013 International Conference on Lyme Borreliosis and Other Tick-Borne Diseases .
This early estimate is based on findings from three ongoing CDC studies that use different methods , but all aim to define the approximate number of people diagnosed with Lyme disease each year . The first project analyzes medical claims information for approximately 22 million insured people annually for six years , the second project is based on a survey of clinical laboratories and the third project analyzes self-reported Lyme disease cases from a survey of the general public .
Each year , more than 30,000 cases of Lyme disease are reported to CDC , making it the most commonly reported tick-borne illness in the United States . The new estimate suggests that the total number of people diagnosed with Lyme disease is roughly 10 times higher than the yearly reported number . This new estimate supports studies published in the 1990s indicating that the true number of cases is between 3- and 12-fold higher than the number of reported cases .
“ We know that routine surveillance only gives us part of the picture , and that the true number of illnesses is much greater , ” said Paul Mead , M.D. , M.P.H , chief of epidemiology and surveillance for CDC 's Lyme disease program . “ This new preliminary estimate confirms that Lyme disease is a tremendous public health problem in the United States , and clearly highlights the urgent need for prevention . ”
CDC continues to analyze the data in the three studies to refine the estimates and better understand the overall burden of Lyme disease in the United States and will publish finalized estimates when the studies are complete . Efforts are also underway at CDC and by other researchers to identify novel methods to kill ticks and prevent illness in people .
“ We know people can prevent tick bites through steps like using repellents and tick checks . Although these measures are effective , they are n't fail-proof and people do n't always use them , ” said Lyle R. Petersen , M.D. , M.P.H , director of CDC 's Division of Vector-Borne Diseases . “ We need to move to a broader approach to tick reduction , involving entire communities , to combat this public health problem . ”
This community approach would involve homeowners trying to kill ticks in their own yards , and communities addressing a variety of issues . These issues include rodents that carry the Lyme disease bacteria , deer that play a key role in the ticks ' lifecycle , suburban planning , and the interaction between deer , rodents , ticks , and humans . All must be addressed to effectively fight Lyme disease .
Most Lyme disease cases reported to CDC through national surveillance are concentrated heavily in the Northeast and upper Midwest , with 96 percent of cases in 13 states . Lyme disease is caused by the bacterium Borrelia burgdorferi and is transmitted to humans through the bite of infected blacklegged ticks . Typical symptoms include fever , headache , fatigue , and a characteristic skin rash called erythema migrans . If left untreated , infection can spread to joints , the heart , and the nervous system .
CDC recommends people take steps to help prevent Lyme disease and other tickborne diseases :
Wear repellent
Check for ticks daily
Shower soon after being outdoors
Call your doctor if you get a fever or rash
For more information on Lyme disease , visit www.cdc.gov/lyme .
# # #
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
Sam Wolfson and their cleaned up window outside their business . ( Credit : Steve Miller/WBBM Newsradio )
— An outspoken and controversial shopkeeper who has been a fixture in Lincoln Square for the past dozen years has been targeted by a vandal .
75-year-old Sam Wolfson owns String a Strand bead shop .
And they wear their heart on their sleeve . Their political leanings – anti-Obama – are posted on their store window .
LISTEN : WBBM Newsradio 's Steve Miller Reports
https : //cbschicago.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/mp3_bc_-wav_carts_steve-miller1-vandal.mp3
Like their handwritten signs that say : “ Romney , if you want to be president , you have to say this : ‘ If I 'm elected , I will not bow down to the king of Saudi Arabia ” and “ Obama , I built this business working 7 days a week , you did n't . ”
“ I walked in , ” they said . “ I was coming to work and in lipstick it had a sign , ‘ Racist . ' I 'm not a racist . My wife is Spanish . Come on . ”
The photo with the lipstick was posted on EveryBlock.com .
They have since cleaned up the graffiti .
WBBM Newsradio spoke with some passersby on Lincoln Avenue .
“ I do n't necessarily disagree with the sentiments by the lipstick vandal , ” one person said . “ But I do n't condone such actions . ”
Wolfson says it 's just symptomatic of a contentious election year .
The Nato coalition in Afghanistan has been using an undisclosed `` black '' unit of special forces , Task Force 373 , to hunt down targets for death or detention without trial . Details of more than 2,000 senior figures from the Taliban and al-Qaida are held on a `` kill or capture '' list , known as Jpel , the joint prioritised effects list .
In many cases , the unit has set out to seize a target for internment , but in others it has simply killed them without attempting to capture . The logs reveal that TF 373 has also killed civilian men , women and children and even Afghan police officers who have strayed into its path .
The United Nations ' special rapporteur for human rights , Professor Philip Alston , went to Afghanistan in May 2008 to investigate rumours of extrajudicial killings . They warned that international forces were neither transparent nor accountable and that Afghans who attempted to find out who had killed their loved ones `` often come away empty-handed , frustrated and bitter '' .
Now , for the first time , the leaked war logs reveal details of deadly missions by TF 373 and other units hunting down Jpel targets that were previously hidden behind a screen of misinformation . They raise fundamental questions about the legality of the killings and of the long-term imprisonment without trial , and also pragmatically about the impact of a tactic which is inherently likely to kill , injure and alienate the innocent bystanders whose support the coalition craves .
On the night of Monday 11 June 2007 , the leaked logs reveal , the taskforce set out with Afghan special forces to capture or kill a Taliban commander named Qarl Ur-Rahman in a valley near Jalalabad . As they approached the target in the darkness , somebody shone a torch on them . A firefight developed , and the taskforce called in an AC-130 gunship , which strafed the area with cannon fire : `` The original mission was aborted and TF 373 broke contact and returned to base . Follow-up Report : 7 x ANP KIA , 4 x WIA . '' In plain language : they discovered that the people they had been shooting in the dark were Afghan police officers , seven of whom were now dead and four wounded .
The coalition put out a press release which referred to the firefight and the air support and then failed entirely to record that they had just killed or wounded 11 police officers . But , evidently fearing that the truth might leak , it added : `` There was nothing during the firefight to indicate the opposing force was friendly . The individuals who fired on coalition forces were not in uniform . '' The involvement of TF 373 was not mentioned , and the story did n't get out .
However , the incident immediately rebounded into the fragile links which other elements of the coalition had been trying to build with local communities . An internal report shows that the next day Lieutenant Colonel Gordon Phillips , commander of the Provincial Reconstruction Team , took senior officers to meet the provincial governor , Gul Agha Sherzai , who accepted that this was `` an unfortunate incident that occurred among friends '' . They agreed to pay compensation to the bereaved families , and Phillips `` reiterated our support to prevent these types of events from occurring again '' .
Yet , later that week , on Sunday 17 June , as Sherzai hosted a `` shura '' council at which they attempted to reassure tribal leaders about the safety of coalition operations , TF 373 launched another mission , hundreds of miles south in Paktika province . The target was a notorious Libyan fighter , Abu Laith al-Libi . The unit was armed with a new weapon , known as Himars – High Mobility Artillery Rocket System – a pod of six missiles on the back of a small truck .
The plan was to launch five rockets at targets in the village of Nangar Khel where TF 373 believed Libi was hiding and then to send in ground troops . The result was that they failed to find Libi but killed six Taliban fighters and then , when they approached the rubble of a madrasa , they found `` initial assessment of 7 x NC KIA '' which translates as seven non-combatants killed in action . All of them were children . One of them was still alive in the rubble : `` The Med TM immediately cleared debris from the mouth and performed CPR . '' After 20 minutes , the child died .
Children
The coalition made a press statement which owned up to the death of the children and claimed that troops `` had surveillance on the compound all day and saw no indications there were children inside the building '' . That claim is consistent with the leaked log . A press release also claimed that Taliban fighters , who undoubtedly were in the compound , had used the children as a shield .
The log refers to an unnamed `` elder '' who is said to have `` stated that the children were held against their will '' but , against that , there is no suggestion that there were any Taliban in the madrasa where the children died .
The rest of the press release was certainly misleading . It suggested that coalition forces had attacked the compound because of `` nefarious activity '' there , when the reality was that they had gone there to kill or capture Libi .
It made no mention at all of Libi , nor of the failure of the mission ( although that was revealed later by NBC News in the United States ) . Crucially , it failed to record that TF 373 had fired five rockets , destroying the madrasa and other buildings and killing seven children , before anybody had fired on them – that this looked like a mission to kill and not to capture . Indeed , this was clearly deliberately suppressed .
The internal report was marked not only `` secret '' but also `` Noforn '' , ie not to be shared with the foreign elements of the coalition . And the source of this anxiety is explicit : `` The knowledge that TF 373 conducted a HIMARS strike must be protected . '' And it was . This crucial fact remained secret , as did TF 373 's involvement .
Again , the lethal attack caused political problems . The provincial governor arranged compensation and held a shura with local leaders when , according to an internal US report , `` he pressed the Talking Points given to them and added a few of their own that followed in line with our current story '' . Libi remained targeted for death and was killed in Pakistan seven months later by a missile from an unmanned CIA Predator .
In spite of this tension between political and military operations , TF 373 continued to engage in highly destructive attacks . Four months later , on 4 October , they confronted Taliban fighters in a village called Laswanday , only 6 miles from the village where they had killed the seven children . The Taliban appear to have retreated by the time TF 373 called in air support to drop 500lb bombs on the house from which the fighters had been firing .
The final outcome , listed tersely at the end of the leaked log : 12 US wounded , two teenage girls and a 10-year-old boy wounded , one girl killed , one woman killed , four civilian men killed , one donkey killed , one dog killed , several chickens killed , no enemy killed , no enemy wounded , no enemy detained .
The coalition put out a statement claiming falsely to have killed several militants and making no mention of any dead civilians ; and later added that `` several non-combatants were found dead and several others wounded '' without giving any numbers or details .
This time , the political teams tried a far less conciliatory approach with local people . In spite of discovering that the dead civilians came from one family , one of whom had been found with their hands tied behind their back , suggesting that the Taliban were unwelcome intruders in their home , senior officials travelled to the stricken village where they `` stressed that the fault of the deaths of the innocent lies on the villagers who did not resist the insurgents and their anti-government activities … [ and ] chastised a villager who condemned the compound shooting '' . Nevertheless , an internal report concluded that there was `` little or no protest '' over the incident .
Concealment
The concealment of TF 373 's role is a constant theme . There was global publicity in October 2009 when US helicopters were involved in two separate crashes in one day , but even then it was concealed that the four soldiers who died in one of the incidents were from TF 373 .
The pursuit of these `` high value targets '' is evidently embedded deep in coalition tactics . The Jpel list assigns an individual serial number to each of those targeted for kill or capture and by October 2009 this had reached 2,058 .
The process of choosing targets reaches high into the military command . According to their published US Field Manual on Counter Insurgency , No FM3-24 , it is policy to choose targets `` to engage as potential counter-insurgency supporters , targets to isolate from the population and targets to eliminate '' .
A joint targeting working group meets each week to consider Target Nomination Packets and has direct input from the Combined Forces Command and its divisional HQ , as well as from lawyers , operational command and intelligence units including the CIA .
Among those who are listed as being located and killed by TF 373 are Shah Agha , described as an intelligence officer for an IED cell , who was killed with four other men on 1 June 2009 ; Amir Jan Mutaki , described as a Taliban sub-commander who had organised ambushes on coalition forces , who was shot dead from the air in a TF 373 mission on 24 June 2009 ; and a target codenamed Ballentine , who was killed on 16 November 2009 during an attack in the village of Lewani , in which a local woman also died .
The logs include references to the tracing and killing of other targets on the Jpel list , which do not identify TF 373 as the unit responsible . It is possible that some of the other taskforce names and numbers which show up in this context are cover names for 373 , or for British special forces , 500 of whom are based in southern Afghanistan and are reported to have been involved in kill/capture missions , including the shooting in July 2008 of Mullah Bismullah .
Some of these `` non 373 '' operations involve the use of unmanned drones to fire missiles to kill the target : one codenamed Beethoven , on 20 October 2008 ; one named Janan on 6 November 2008 ; and an unnamed Jpel target who was hit with a hellfire missile near Khan Neshin on 21 August 2009 while travelling in a car with other passengers ( the log records `` no squirters [ bodies moving about ] recorded '' ) .
Other Jpel targets were traced and then bombed from the air . One , codenamed Newcastle , was located with four other men on 26 November 2007 . The house they were in was then hit with 500lb bombs . `` No identifiable features recovered , '' the log records .
Two other Jpel targets , identified only by serial numbers , were killed on 16 February 2009 when two F-15 bombers dropped four 500lb bombs on a Jpel target : `` There are various and conflicting reports from multiple sources alleging civilian casualties … A large number of local nationals were on site during the investigation displaying a hostile attitude so the investigation team did not continue sorting through the site . ''
One of the leaked logs contains a summary of a conference call on 8 March 2008 when the then head of the Afghan National Directorate of Security , Amrullah Saleh , tells senior American officers that three named Taliban commanders in Kapisa province are `` not reconcilable and must be taken out '' . The senior coalition officer `` noted that there would be a meeting with the Kapisa NDS to determine how to approach this issue . ''
It is not clear whether `` taken out '' meant `` killed '' and the logs do not record any of their deaths . But one of them , Qari Baryal , who was ranked seventh in the Jpel list , had already been targeted for killing two months earlier .
On 12 January 2008 , after tracking their movements for 24 hours , the coalition established that they were holding a large meeting with other men in a compound in Pashkari and sent planes which dropped six 500lb bombs and followed up with five strafing runs to shoot those fleeing the scene .
The report records that some 70 people ran to the compound and started digging into the rubble , on which there were `` pools of blood '' , but subsequent reports suggest that Baryal survived and continued to plan rocket attacks and suicide bombings .
Numerous logs show Jpel targets being captured and transferred to a special prison , known as Btif , the Bagram Theatre Internment Facility . There is no indication of prisoners being charged or tried , and previous press reports have suggested that men have been detained there for years without any legal process in communal cages inside vast old air hangars . As each target is captured , they are assigned a serial number . By December 2009 , this showed that a total of 4,288 prisoners , some aged as young as 16 , had been held at Btif , with 757 still in custody .
Who are TF373 ?
The leaked war logs show that Task Force 373 uses at least three bases in Afghanistan , in Kabul , Kandahar and Khost . Although it works alongside special forces from Afghanistan and other coalition nations , it appears to be drawing its own troops from the 7th Special Forces Group at Fort Bragg , North Carolina and to travel on missions in Chinook and Cobra helicopters flown by 160th special operations aviation regiment , based at Hunter Army Airfield , Georgia .
Halting work on the Site C dam could save British Columbians up to $ 2 billion , according to a report from UBC 's Program on Water Governance .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘ Punch to the Gut ' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions , says director Corey Payette .
The report says the government should stop Site C construction and send the project to the BC Utilities Commission for review .
“ Our analysis indicates that cancelling the Site C project as of June 30 would save between $ 500 million and $ 1.65 billion , depending on future conditions , ” the report concludes . Suspending the project , allowing for future completion , would save $ 850 million to $ 2 billion .
“ Both cancelling and suspending are preferable to continuing with the Site C project , ” the report found .
The researchers found BC Hydro 's forecast of future electricity demand may have been “ strategically optimistic . ”
“ The decision to build Site C was based on a strikingly high load forecast made by BC Hydro in 2012 , which was ( a ) notably higher than similar estimates made before or since ... and ( b ) largely excluded the potential for energy conservation , ” the researchers found .
“ BC Hydro 's current forecasts are much lower , and indicate that Site C will produce surplus electricity that will have to be sold at a loss for many years after commissioning , ” the report says .
The current demand forecast is 5,000 to 6,000 gigawatt hours lower than the numbers used to justify Site C , said Rick Hendricks , an energy consultant who was one of the researchers . The dam is expected to produce 5,100 gigawatt hours .
“ So basically , Site C disappeared from the load forecast , the size of Site C just disappeared , ” said Hendricks . “ It 's a pattern that does n't appear on any other load forecasts , except for just before Site C was reviewed the first time . ”
BC Hydro 's load forecast dropped from over 70,000 gigawatt hours in 2012 to less than 64,000 in the most recent forecast . Similarly , the load forecast also spiked in 1981 , just before Site C was reviewed the first time by the BC Utilities Commission .
“ There may be reasons for that . We 're not suggesting there 's anything untoward , but it 's something BC Hydro should have an opportunity to explain in a public forum , ” Hendricks said .
The researchers found that based on BC Hydro 's current demand forecast the Crown corporation will lose $ 950 million to $ 2 billion as it 's forced to sell unneeded power at a loss on the export market .
Last July , BC Hydro submitted a Revenue Requirements Application to the BCUC that included new load forecasts and a history of old load forecasts that had never been released to the public . Hendriks worked with UBC professor Karen Bakker and energy consultant Philip Raphals to dig through the data .
Is Site C Really ‘ Past the Point of No Return ? ' read more
“ A whole string of new information came out that we did n't have before , ” Hendricks said . “ BC Hydro 's views had changed on a few things since before Site C was approved . So that changed how we evaluated the project . For example , they acknowledged that the cost of wind energy had declined by 20 per cent , which was something they did n't want to acknowledge in the prior review . ”
The situation has changed so dramatically that the work should be halted until a full review is done , the report concludes .
The BC Liberals have consistently refused to send Site C to the BCUC , and have extolled the dam as a good investment for B.C .
NDP leader John Horgan has said they would send Site C for review by the utilities commission .
Green leader Andrew Weaver , who was at Campbell 's announcement of the dam in 2010 and said it qualified as green energy , now opposes the dam .
Image copyright PA
About 13,000 people watched the sunrise at Stonehenge on Wednesday morning , on the longest day of the year .
The sun rose at the historic monument in Wiltshire at 04:52 BST .
English Heritage opens the site up every year for the solstice , giving people a rare chance to get up close to the monument .
Armed police were on patrol , and extra security measures were put in place following the recent terrorist attacks in London and Manchester .
Wiltshire Police said the event passed peacefully , but that there were seven `` mostly drug-related '' arrests .
`` This was a successful policing operation with only seven arrests , and we are glad that attendees were able to enjoy the celebrations in a friendly and positive manner as they waited for the sunrise , '' said Supt Dave Minty .
Image copyright PA
Image copyright PA
Image copyright PA
Those visiting were not allowed access if they had brought pets , sleeping bags and duvets , barbecues or camping equipment .
The flying of drones and remote-controlled aircraft was also banned around the monument .
The site 's general manager , Jennifer Davies , said they were `` delighted '' so many people celebrated the longest day of the year at Stonehenge .
`` This year we had extra security arrangements in place and we 'd like to thank everyone for their patience and understanding with these , '' they added .
More than a million people each year flock to the neolithic site , built more than 4,000 years ago .
It is thought ancient Britons built the massive monument as a religious site , to study and celebrate the movements of the sun and moon , or as a place of burial or healing .
Image copyright PA
Image copyright PA
Image copyright PA
The summer and winter solstices hold particular significance for Pagans .
The summer solstice is celebrated as a `` time of plenty and celebration '' , according to the Pagan Federation , while the winter solstice is deemed even more important because it marks the `` re-birth '' of the sun for the new year .
This year , armed police were on patrol near to the site , to `` reassure '' visitors in the wake of the recent terror attacks .
The Pagan Federation said it `` sadly accepted '' the need for such security measures .
David Spofforth from the organisation said it was `` very sad '' that armed police were necessary .
`` I am not saying I am welcoming this , I sadly accept it , '' they said .
English Heritage said it hoped this year 's solstice festival would be the `` greenest solstice yet '' , by encouraging people to either car share or travel by public transport .
Parking charges of £15 have caused controversy after a senior druid lost a court battle against `` pay to pray '' charges which they said breached their human rights .
Image copyright PA
Image copyright PA
Pictures from the Press Association .
In their recent book , Marketing the Moon ( MIT Press , 2014 ) , Scott and Jurek trace the Apollo-era collaboration between private industy and NASA 's internal public affairs office . They contend that the massive campaigns launched then were some of the first deployments of what we 'd call brand journalism and `` real-time marketing '' today . In fact , what Mars One is doing , with reality TV , brand partnerships , and an upcoming book called Mars One : The Human Factor , says Scott , is largely `` the same as Apollo — but updated for today . ''
Lansdorp would be lucky to recreate that success : in July of 1969 , 94 percent of American televisions were tuned to the Apollo 11 's moon landing . And such widespread enthusiasm for the event was the culmination of a decade-long campaign to educate the public . At NASA 's inception in 1958 , the agency hired public affairs staff `` not as pitchmen , but as reporters , '' according to the authors , a move largely at odds with the rise of a glamorous , oily advertising industry like the one portrayed in Mad Men .
NASA 's PR staff were broadcast- and print-media veterans , and they served up copy like a newsroom . The team grilled engineers for stories , churned out bylined articles , and sent press releases meant to be copied verbatim by news outlets . They produced pre-packaged broadcast segments that often made it straight to the airwaves . In the early days the office largely strove to introduce and explain complex technologies , tech that had previously been used mostly by soldiers and military men , to both the press and the public .
It was a task that , for over a decade , private companies involved in spaceflight were eager to augment . As a government agency coordinating with the military and Congress , NASA ultimately dealt in the release of information and facts . But private companies who earned NASA contracts often employed more glamorous tactics , including colorful press kits and advertisements for the watches astronauts wore , the Tang they slurped from packets , the cameras they used , and the companies like IBM that helped build their spaceships .
NASA did , however , enforce some restrictions . The agency 's photos were taxpayer-funded , so private companies could use them in advertisements without paying to license them — as long as NASA 's public affairs office approved how they were used . But NASA found itself blindsided by what would become its most in-demand asset : the astronauts themselves .
In an effort to maintain control over the astronauts ' public profiles , the agency signed a deal with Life magazine , essentially granting the publication exclusive rights to the astronauts ' lives . Until the contract ended in 1962 , the magazine ran cover stories featuring the astronauts and their families ( `` Making of a Brave Man , '' `` Astronauts ' Wives '' ) and spun off a handful of books as well , including a collection of first-person space tales . As Scott and Jurek write , `` The astronauts and NASA worked with Life … to carefully craft the image of the astronauts , not as military men , but as middle-class average family men thrust into service for the good of their country . ''
Which sounds a little like a scaled-down version of Mars One 's most striking feature . Since the campaign 's inception , the reality TV hook has been central to Lansdorp 's plan to raise the billions he 'll need to colonize Mars ; he 's fond of citing the Olympics , in particular , for raking in $ 1 billion of revenue per week in advertising . But their project has also drawn significant criticism , perhaps most brutally on Reddit , for employing such a raft of PR people and graphic designers . As one writer pointed out early in Mars One 's Kickstarter project , the nonprofit is essentially just a marketing company — `` and a good one at that . ''
As Jurek tells it , NASA , as a civilian government agency , packaged and communicated the space program 's activities in their most easily digestible forms . The agency 's goal was n't to invent or manage the need for a product , the way most commercial projects do . Lansdorp 's venture has done a fantastic job at that management , largely by tapping into the more wistful emotions associated with NASA 's golden age . Screencaps of the moonwalk appear in many of Mars One 's YouTube videos , and the website compares the Mars One candidates with `` the Vikings and famed explorers of Old World Europe . '' Which is n't to mention the kind of real-time brand-building that would have been incomprehensible to anyone glued to the TV as Apollo 11 landed on the moon ( # space # cake , anyone ? )
Author : Marshall Schott
Arguably , the single most important component of brewing , responsible for converting the boring starches in a kernel of grain into amazingly sweet fermentable wort , is the mash . Without it , we could n't make the immensely delicious beers we make today . As every all grain brewer is very well aware , there are many variables to consider when deciding how to approach mashing a particular beer , nearly all focusing in one way or another on the variable of temperature . Real scientists have long since understood and spread their knowledge of how mash temperature impacts the resultant wort and finished beer , and since I 've no interest in pretending to be as smart as them , I wo n't go into too much detail ( geek-out here , here , and here ) .
For the purposes of this xBmt , my focus will remain solely on single infusion mashing , characterized by steeping milled grain at a single temperature for a given amount of time . During this so-called saccharification rest , the starches are converted to fermentable sugars by 2 main enzymes , here 's a dumbed-down version how they work :
Beta-amylase is said to be most active between about 131°F-150°F ( 55°C-66°C ) and chops up whatever the hell gets in its way into smaller bits of mostly maltose , a highly fermentable sugar . Because of this , lower mash temps have been shown to produce more fermentable worts .
Alpha-amylase is quite different in that it is more active at warmer temps ranging from about 154°F-162°F ( 68°C-72°C ) , converting starches into maltose as well less fermentable sugars and unfermentable dextrins .
In essence , a lower mash temp purportedly produces a beer with a lower FG that 's dry with a thinner body and crisp mouthfeel , while a beer mashed warmer is said to finish with a higher SG and be sweeter with a fuller body . Obviously , there 's far more to mashing than this , but that 's not really what I 'm hear to discuss , rather I 'm curious about the impact mash temperature has on perceptible differences .
| PURPOSE |
To evaluate the impact mash temperature has on 2 beers of the same recipe mashed at drastically different temperatures– 147°F and 161°F .
| METHODS |
Thanks to HomeBrewSupply.com for providing the recipe kits used for this xBmt . During chats with the guys from HBS , they were a bit surprised to learn I 'd never brewed Biermuncher 's Centennial Blonde Ale , which sits in the # 1 position on HomebrewTalk 's Top 10 Recipes list . The kits arrived well packaged with all of the ingredients marked , making them easily identifiable , and the 2 packs of Wyeast 1056 American Ale yeast were wrapped with ice packs .
My first order of business was making a yeast starter a couple days prior to brewing , I pitched both smack packs into a single 2 liter flasks with plans to split it between each fermentor after harvesting some for future use .
I milled the grain and collected the full volume of water for both no sparge batches the night prior to brewing . I awoke the following morning and began to heat both kettles of water to strike temp , which took about 5 minutes longer for the high mash temp batch . To keep things from getting too confusing , I still staggered the start of each batch by about 10 minutes .
While I 'd considered comparing a simple 10°F difference in mash temp , I ended up changing my mind and settling on the more extreme ends of the single-infusion mash range .
Each mash was allowed a 1 hour saccharification rest before the sweet wort was collected and transferred to kettles .
This is where I noticed the first rather obvious difference between the batches , with the high mash temp wort developing a rather large and persistent layer of foam .
Even as the wort was boiling , the foam stuck around , making be wonder if this was an indication of how the finished beers might differ in terms of head retention .
Hops were added at the appropriate times throughout the boil then the wort was chilled and racked to 6 gallon PET carboys . A post-boil OG comparison confirmed my process was pretty consistent between the batches .
Both fermentors were placed in my temp controlled chamber and allowed to finish chilling to my target fermentation temperature , it took about 2 hours to reach 66°F , at which point I pitched the yeast . Signs of activity were present in both just 12 hours later .
I began to notice some differences in appearance at the 18 hour mark , with the kräusen on the high mash temp beer staying fairly low with larger bubbles while the low mash temp kräusen was beginning to grow .
Sure enough , the low mash temp batch ended up making a mess 24 hours into active fermentation .
I swapped the airlock with a blowoff rig and left it on until the kräusen dropped a bit , maybe 8 hours or so . The high mash temp beer was tame throughout fermentation .
I took the first hydrometer measurement once signs of fermentation activity had waned , then confirmed it had n't changed the following day , 6 since brewing the beer .
The .009 SG difference was initially pretty shocking to me though ultimately left me feeling confident such a highly discussed process component actually did what it 's purported to do– science works ! I proceeded to cold crash , fine with gelatin , and package in kegs .
To carbonate , I hit each keg with 40 psi for 18 hours before purging and reducing to 13 psi for serving . By the time I began to collect data the following weekend , both beers were carbonated and looking nice .
| RESULTS |
A total of 20 people participated in this xBmt including many BJCP judges , obsessed homebrewers , and certifiable craft beer nerds . A discriminative sensory analysis method referred to as a triangle test was used to determine distinguishability and involved each participant being served 3 samples in different colored paper cups , 2 from the low mash temp batch and 1 from the high mash temp batch , then asked to select the different beer . In order to reach statistical significance given the sample size , 11 participants ( p < 0.05 ) would have had to accurately select the high mash temp sample , though only 9 ( p=0.134 ) were capable of doing so , implying a general inability for people to reliably distinguish between a beer mashed at 147°F from another mashed at 161°F .
The 9 participants who made the correct selection on the triangle test were asked to complete an evaluation comparing only the 2 different beers , though they remained blind to the nature of the xBmt . It 's important to interpret the following information with caution , as the failure to achieve statistical significance means those who completed this evaluation may have done so by chance . Also , responses were all over the board on this one…
Four tasters perceived the aroma between the beers as being similar while 3 thought they smelled exactly the same and 2 felt they were not at all similar . Of those who reported noticing a difference , 5 preferred the aroma of the high mash temp beer and 1 liked the low mash temp beer more . Regarding flavor , 6 of the 9 tasters experienced the beers as tasting somewhat similar , 2 said they were not at all similar , and 1 thought they were exactly the same . Things get a little more interesting when it comes to mouthfeel , as not a single taster perceived the different samples to be exactly the same , with 6 saying they were somewhat similar and 3 believing they were n't at all similar . A pretty striking majority of 7 tasters reported preferring the mouthfeel of the high mash temp beer compare to only 2 who liked the low mash temp beer 's mouthfeel better . Overall preference was split with 5 and 4 tasters expressing preference for the low mash temp beer and high mash temp beer , respectively .
At this point , the nature of the xBmt was revealed to the 9 tasters and they were then asked to select the one they believed was mashed warmer . Only 4 chose the correct sample .
My Impressions : I want to send a hearty cheers to Kevin “ BierMuncher ” Mattie for designing such an easy-drinking and flavorful beer ! This was perfect to have around for the last couple weeks of summer , which is about as long as it lasted , as everyone who came over while it was on tap could n't keep their hands off . Regarding my experiences trying to distinguish between these beers , and even with my obvious bias , I honestly could not tell them apart . As is often the case , I was almost convinced I could detect some very slight differences when I first started pulling pints for myself , but this feather of confidence quickly drifted away as I began to attempt triangle tests served to me by others . At the very least , I expected to perceive a fuller body in the high mash temp beer , but side by side , it was essentially impossible for me to tell them apart .
| DISCUSSION|
I reckon every all grain brewer is at least somewhat aware of the impact mash temperature has on wort , most particularly that lower temps increase fermentability while higher temps decrease it . The objectively observable differences between the beers in this xBmt corroborate this scientifically valid fact– the higher beta amylase activity in the low mash temp beer resulted in a FG of 1.005 while the increased alpha amylase activity in the high mash temp sample resulted in a FG of 1.014 , a strikingly vast .009 SG difference . Prior to this xBmt , if asked how 2 beers of such varying FG might differ , I would have thoughtlessly , perhaps even arrogantly , claimed the differences in body and especially perceived sweetness would be easily identifiable . It 's a line of reasoning that , on the surface , seems obvious : higher FG = more sugar = sweeter . The data just does n't seem to back this up , which I find incredibly surprising .
On a more anecdotal level , many of us have enjoyed commercial beers mashed on the warmer end of the spectrum that are n't known for being cloying such as Lagunitas IPA , which is purportedly mashed at 160°F and finishes around 1.018 FG . Perhaps there 's more to this story , shit we thought we understood that we could learn more about . While I 've no good way of measuring it , I 'm curious if the types of dextrins remaining in a beer that was mashed on the warmer end of the spectrum are imperceptible to the human palate . This obviously does n't explain the fact mouthfeel between the beers was n't a dead giveaway , something that continues to stump me .
Finally , I 've yet to comment on another aspect of this xBmt that did n't seem to have an impact on the ability for tasters to tell a difference between these beers– level of alcohol . The low mash temp beer had a calculated 4.4 % ABV while the high mash temp beer clocked in at a much lower 3.4 % ABV . Whoa . Perhaps higher mash temps are just the ticket for those who prefer making flavorful examples of big beers with lower amounts of alcohol– Session Imperial Stout , anyone ?
If you have any thoughts on this xBmt , please share them in the comments section below !
Support Brülosophy In Style !
All designs are available in various colors and sizes on Amazon !
Follow Brülosophy on :
If you enjoy this stuff and feel compelled to support Brulosophy.com , please check out the Support Us page for details on how you can very easily do so . Thanks !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
The branding of Warren as the fake Indian is so complete , it comes up in unexpected places like CNN .
Elizabeth Warren has claimed at various points in their life to be Native American , most notably when they were climbing the law professor ladder . When they got tenure at Harvard Law School , they dropped the self-identification .
By all available evidence , Warren 's claims are false .
Warren never has come forward with any credible evidence , and Cherokee genealogists who have followed their family lines have proven there is no Indian ancestry ( neither Cherokee nor Delaware ) .
Even if Warren had Native American ancestry , Warren would not meet the definition of Native American used by the EEOC and employers such as Harvard , because they have no ancestry and never had any “ cultural identification ” such as membership in a Native American tribe ( both ancestry and cultural identification are needed ) .
Had Warren , when their Native American problem was discovered in 2012 , simply fessed up to what they did , this probably would n't be an issue anymore . Instead , Warren stood by their story , relying on convoluted ( and mostly disprovable ) “ family lore ” as a defense .
Being the “ fake ” Indian now is Elizabeth Warren 's brand , and nobody is branding them that way more aggressively than Donald Trump , as I wrote in late April 2017 , Trump branding of Elizabeth Warren as Fake Indian continues , expecting them to run in 2020 :
Trump does n't attack their political opponents , they brand them . The brand for Jeb was “ low energy. ” For Rubio , it was “ little Marco. ” For Cruz , it was “ lyin ' Ted. ” Once branded , they could not shake the image . Just ask “ Crooked Hillary. ” Which brings up Elizabeth Warren . As we posted earlier , while Warren is denying that they “ is ” running for president in 2020 , she 's making all the normal pre-presidential run moves . She 's raised their profile as the face of “ the resistance , ” a face Republicans also are jockeying to put out front . Speaking at the NRA today , Trump warned that members should expect “ Pocahontas ” to run… Trump is branding them And being someone who was a fake Indian is their brand . She 'll never shake it .
The effectiveness of that branding was evident in a CNN interview with New Hampshire Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen , who claims to be a direct descendant of Pocahontas and to have the family ancestry documented . Pocahontas allegedly was Shaheen 's 11th Great Grandmother .
CNN raises the Pocahontas ancestry with Shaheen , and then dropped the bomb , whether Shaheen had mentioned it to Elizabeth Warren :
Q . Have you told Elizabeth Warren ? A . Kind of sensitive topic , so probably not .
It 's probably too late for Warren to put their Native American problem back in the bottle . But a complete and unreserved apology would be a good start .
Manhattan D.A . Cyrus Vance Jr. 's re-election bid is no longer unopposed . Erik McGregor/Pacific Press
October has not been kind to Cyrus Vance Jr. , the district attorney of Manhattan . On the 4th , a ProPublica , WNYC , and New Yorker investigation revealed that Vance had dropped a criminal investigation into Ivanka Trump and Donald Trump Jr. after meeting with Trump family lawyer and noted stranger-threatener Marc Kasowitz . Three months after that meeting , Vance overruled their assistant prosecutors and dropped the case ; over the next few months , Kasowitz donated and fundraised tens of thousands of dollars for Vance 's re-election campaign . Vance deflected this move by insisting to the press that there was n't enough evidence to continue the investigation into the Trumps , and pledged to give the money back .
Then , on October 5 , before the dust from the New York Times 's bombshell report about sexual assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein had even begun to settle , International Business Times reported that Weinstein 's lawyer , David Boies , had donated $ 10,000 to Vance 's re-election campaign in 2015 after Vance decided not to investigate those same sexual assault allegations . ( He showed up again in the New Yorker exposé on Weinstein , with sources confirming that Vance 's office dropped the case despite a glut of evidence . )
Vance is up for re-election next month , and until now he 's had an easy go of it . Early on they received broad support from both Democrats and Republicans , and they ran unopposed in the Democratic primary , which in Manhattan is as good as running unopposed in the general election . But all good things must come to an end : Although Vance is still likely to win a third term in November , he 's facing a media firestorm , a number of calls for their resignation , and , as of October 11 , a real-life challenger .
Marc Fliedner , who lost the Democratic primary for Brooklyn D.A . earlier this year , re-entered the spotlight this week when they tossed their hat in the ring against Vance , as a write-in candidate . Fliedner worked in the Brooklyn D.A . 's office under Ken Thompson as a sex crimes prosecutor before leaving to start a private civil rights practice ; after the news about Weinstein broke , they say , a number of lefty New Yorkers on Twitter drafted them to challenge Vance in the general election . They tell the Voice he 's “ humbled ” and “ grateful ” to have received so much support on social media and in local and national news outlets alike .
Fliedner calls Vance part of an entrenched , male-dominated “ good old boys ' club ” that includes Weinstein , Trump , and Brooklyn D.A . Eric Gonzalez , and says he 's running to show that people are fed up with a criminal justice system that harms women and people of color . With less than a month left before the election , they say , their outreach will mostly be limited to social media , but they hope their campaign itself will show Vance that the Manhattan D.A . 's questionable decisions have not gone unnoticed by the public .
Life was n't supposed to be this hard for Vance , who started out at the D.A . 's office in the early 1980s as a protégé of the legendary Robert Morgenthau , eventually succeeding Morgenthau when they finally retired in 2009 . Morgenthau , who served an unrivaled nine terms as D.A. , anointed Vance their scion on their way to retirement ( “ Good lawyer , fair , ” they said of Vance on Charlie Rose ) , which all but ensured Vance 's victory .
As Vance sailed toward re-election earlier this year , they enjoyed the same broad support they got in their last re-election bid in 2013 . But a closer look at their record shows that the rot pointed out by Fliedner and others is a lot more widespread than just Weinstein and the Trumps . Although Vance purports to be more progressive than your average district attorney ( he opposes the death penalty , for instance ) , he 's still failed the public in all the ways prosecutors usually do , pursuing harsh sentences for the indigent and the vulnerable while letting rich and powerful people off the hook .
Although Vance was criticized as inept in the early years of their first term for botching a number of high-profile cases — the Post accused them time and time again of being “ soft ” — they have spent much of their tenure as D.A . creating or upgrading in-house technology to aid in what they call “ smart prosecution. ” The New York Times Magazine compared this approach to Moneyball , but it 's more like Minority Report : Prosecutors have access to robust databases of security camera footage and recordings of phone calls from Rikers , as well as a registry of thousands of repeat offenders and alleged gang members .
This suite of new technologies , combined with what Vance calls “ extreme collaboration ” with the police , has apparently driven the office to become even more surgical in its prosecution of low-level offenders , even as other jurisdictions have taken their focus off misdemeanors and nonviolent crimes . Vance 's office prosecuted more marijuana arrests last year than any other borough , for instance , while every candidate in this year 's Democratic primary for district attorney of Brooklyn said they would not prosecute any such arrests . Vance proudly cites as inspiration for their reforms the discredited “ broken windows ” policing techniques championed by their longtime buddy and two-time New York City police commissioner Bill Bratton .
Public defenders who work in Manhattan say attorneys in Vance 's office often seek charges that are harsher than is necessary or reasonable . The defenders , who spoke on background to avoid repercussions for their clients , describe attorneys who refuse to make plea offers even when defendants have extreme mitigating circumstances , and who often seek felony charges and jail time for individuals who have made honest mistakes or committed crimes out of need ; it 's prosecutorial decisions like these that make Manhattan the borough that sends the most people to Rikers , even though it has a disproportionately low percentage of the city 's crime . Sometimes , these defenders say , Vance 's attorneys choose to continue prosecuting cases where there 's no strong basis of evidence out of deference to their supervisors , forcing defendants to return to court over and over before their cases are eventually dismissed on speedy trial grounds .
These defenders said Vance 's decision not to prosecute Weinstein even after reviewing a police recording of them accosting Ambra Gutierrez was “ absurd ” and “ utterly shocking , ” and noted that the office 's Sex Crimes Unit regularly prosecutes instances of subway groping even without a cooperative victim and no evidence other than police testimony . In Weinstein 's case , there was not only a victim making the allegation but also a recorded admission of wrongdoing by Weinstein . As for Vance 's claim that they did n't prosecute because they could n't prove Weinstein guilty beyond reasonable doubt , one defender characterizes that as “ a blatant lie , ” especially considering that the threshold of evidence for such a crime is only probable cause .
The dismissal of Weinstein 's case fits the pattern of Vance 's checkered record in prosecuting the powerful . In the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis , for instance , Vance had a chance to live up to Morgenthau 's reputation for prosecuting white-collar crime by going after Wall Street misconduct , of which there was a great deal . But the only bank they chose to pursue was Abacus Federal Savings , a tiny community operation run by Chinese immigrants . Vance held up Abacus as an exemplar of the financial misconduct that had triggered the Great Recession , parading nineteen of the bank 's employees into court on a literal chain gang as they pursued an indictment for eighty counts of mortgage fraud , their office 's first indictment of a bank since 1991 . Abacus was found not guilty on all the counts in 2015 after spending more than $ 10 million over the course of the legal process .
At other times , Vance 's Major Economic Crimes Bureau has brought in major settlements by prosecuting crimes like art fraud and securities fraud . But the Manhattan D.A . 's apparent distaste for pursuing powerful people ( especially when they donate to their campaign ) and their office 's overly punitive approach to prosecuting low-income , low-level offenders speak volumes about Vance 's ideas of justice . Unless turnout is very , very low in November , he 's likely to continue running the show until 2021 , but these recent scandals , added to Vance 's larger record as district attorney , show just how high the stakes are for Manhattan and beyond .
There are , admittedly , a lot of sources for PITCHf/x data that are publically accessible . Brooks Baseball has been an indispensible site for anyone doing PITCHf/x-based research ; it features both important data corrections and pitch-type hand-coding that 's far more accurate than the MLBAM neural network-based classifications . Baseball Savant is newer , and while it lacks the manual pitch classifications of Brooks , it has a very sophisticated and useful search tool . Jeff Zimmerman runs their own website , BaseballHeatMaps , that has a downloadable file containing the data for importing into the program of your choice . A package exists for the statistical analysis program R called PitchRx , written by Carson Sievert , that downloads the data . Lastly , Mike Fast 's original Perl scripts , which in turn were modified from Joseph Adler 's Baseball Hacks , are still available ( and functional with some slight modification ) .
A common factor across all of these is a focus on the PITCHf/x data fields themselves — any extra information , such as plate appearance outcome or game situation , is n't included directly in the pitch file produced . Sometimes it comes in supplementary data files ; this is better than nothing , but behind the scenes here at Beyond the Box Score there 's been a desire for a data source that unifies the granular pitch data with things like plate appearance outcome . I 've created something to fill that role : a Python-based PITCHf/x scraper that includes much ( if not all ) of the extra information . I 'll take you through what it is , where to find it , and how to use it .
For those who are interested but are n't aware of it , all PITCHf/x data remains publically accessible through the MLB Gameday directory . Here 's an example : the directory for the 2009 Game 163 between the Twins and Tigers . There 's a lot of information there , and in fact at the very beginning of this year there was highly-detailed Statcast data in the same place , though that rapidly disappeared ; anyway , for now we 'll focus on the subdirectory called `` Inning '' . Within it , there are a number of XML files : one for each inning , one that combines all innings , one that only gives ( less than useful ) hit information , and one for scoring plays . Everything but the `` hit '' file contains either the complete set or a subset of the pitch data for the game .
My parser uses the `` inning_all.xml '' file , to minimize the number of files it needs to open . Iterating through the file , my Python script grabs all the pitch-specific data available ; I 'd go through them in detail , but since Mike Fast already has , there 's no need to repeat the information . Where my scraper differs from the previously-existing ones is in the extra information I include with each pitch . My scraper reports the following :
Retrosheet-style game ID
Flags to indicate whether the game is from spring training , the regular season , or playoffs ( and which playoff round , if applicable )
The MLB game ID number ( especially useful if they ever restore Statcast data to the publically-accessible directory )
Game location data
Batter/Pitcher ID data
Game situation data ( current inning , score , count , Retrosheet-style base state pre- and post-plate appearance )
Pitch outcome sequence up to that point in the plate appearance ( e.g. , BBSBFX to indicate ball-ball-strike-ball-foul-in play )
A flag to designate if the pitch is the last pitch in the plate appearance
Retrosheet-style event code
The data is output into a file called `` pitch_table.csv '' , with one line per pitch . It also produces an `` atbat '' CSV file with some summary information for each plate appearance in the pitch file .
As you might be able to tell , based on the somewhat extensive game meta-data included with each line , I intended the output to be imported into a relational database ( I use MySQL , personally ) . However , the output format is generic enough that you should be able to work with it using whatever program you 'd usually use for CSV files . Probably not Excel , though , unless you subset the file first ; the complete collection of PITCHf/x data ( back to 2008 ) takes up right around 2 GB when scraped/parsed this way . I 'll include at the end of this post links to the SQL I used to create the tables that store this data for me .
In order to use this scraper , you have to have Python installed , of course , as well as a few extras . I developed the script using Python 3.4 ; I ca n't say whether or not it would work using a different version , although I have my doubts that you could successfully use it on 2.7 without some modification . I also developed it using Windows , but I do n't know any reason it would n't work just as well on another OS . Still , the rest of this will be written from a Windows-centric perspective .
Python can be installed from the Python.org download page . Once it 's in place , you probably want to add the Python directory paths to your Environmental Variables ; this will allow you to run a Python script from any directory , not just the Python bin directory . After you do that , there are up to two extra modules for Python that need installing : BeautifulSoup and LXML . BeautifulSoup is absolutely required , since it interprets all the XML ; LXML is an XML parser , so if you have one already installed or have one you prefer , it should work just as well ( and I deliberately did n't specify the parser to use in the code , so the machine should pick the best , or at least an acceptable , one ) .
BeautifulSoup can be installed by opening a command prompt ( either anywhere if you modified the environmental variables or within the Python bin folder if you did n't ) and executing either `` pip install beautifulsoup4 '' or `` easy-install install beautifulsoup4 '' . You may need to upgrade pip first ; if so , the command is pip install -- upgrade pip .
LXML , as mentioned previously , is an XML interpreter for Python , which could in theory be replaced by a different interpreter — I used LXML during development and know that it works . However , it can definitely be harder to install than BeautifulSoup was . I had success using the unofficial pre-built version from Christoph Gohlke at UC-Irvine , which can be found here . This avoids the need to compile the binaries yourself , and the need to have a C++ compiler installed ( I think — if you still need one , there 's a Microsoft Visual Studio installer that has what you 'll need . Google around for installing lxml ) .
It 's important to get the WHL file from Gohlke 's site that matches your Python installation , both version number and processor architechture type . For example , if you installed Python 3.4 in the 64-bit version , you need lxml-3.4.4-cp34-none-win_amd64.whl , and no others will actually work . Installation is done using pip . Open a command prompt in the location where you downloaded the WHL file , and run the command pip install lxml-3.4.4-cp34-none-win_amd64.whl ( or whatever version of the file you actually have ) .
Once you have lxml installed ( and for me , that was the most challenging part of the process ) , you should be good to go . Open a command prompt in the location that you saved the scraper , and run the command python pfx_parser_csv.py . The script will ask you if you want to choose the starting and ending dates ( separately ) ; if you do , for whichever one ( s ) you choose it 'll prompt you for the year , month , and date . If you do n't , the default is to start January 1 , 2008 and go until the day before you run the script . The output files , pitch_table.csv and atbat_table.csv , will be produced in the same directory that you 're running the script from .
If you dig through the code , you 'll find some peculiarities ( ideally less of them the farther from the original date of this post you get the script , as I intend to clean it up when I have time ) . There 's some leftover code that , if un-commented within the script , will ask you if you want to continue the script from the last date found . This was intended to read an existing output file , find the last date done in that file , and start from there ; I never finished making that work . There also may be some leftover code that directly inserted the scraped data into a MySQL table , but I abandoned that in favor of the CSV output ( I just might not have deleted the code ) . Lastly , on line 81 ( as of the time of this writing ) there 's a commented-out line that inserts a one-second delay between games . If this is your first exposure to web data scraping , you might not be aware that it 's generally considered courteous to have something like that built into your scraper , especially if the data source is a small ( ish ) organization/company , so their servers are n't being bombarded with requests quite as rapidly . I do n't use the feature for this particular script , for two reasons . First , I assume that MLBAM deals with so much traffic every second of every day that running this script goes unnoticed ; second , the individual games take long enough to parse on my machine that there 's already an unavoidable second or two between opening game files . Still , if you find that the script repeatedly crashes due to connection errors but everything 's fine with your internet connection , you might consider turning on that delay ( by deleting the pound sign at the start of the line ) .
If your script does crash — which in my experience is reasonably likely to happen if you 're gathering more than a year 's worth of data at once — the best course of action is to resume the collection , rather than starting over , by seeing in the command prompt window what day was in progress and then choosing to start the script with that day . If the day is an off-season day , then you 're good ; if it 's in-season , there will probably be some duplicates in the output files . These can be removed by running the pitch_dup_remove.py and atbat_dup_remove.py scripts found here and here , respectively , after data collection is complete . These scripts run fast , but as I understand it do put the entirety of the output into memory , so you need to have enough memory available to accommodate whatever size the pitch table ends up . My system runs Windows 10 and has 6 GB of memory in total , and it could n't handle it — I had to switch to my linux installation to get it to work . If you have trouble , you could try re-running the original script in smaller date chunks . My experience is that collecting all seasons of data at once will take a few days of non-stop scraping .
I think that just about covers everything . I 'd like to thank the people who helped me get the code up and running , both in its current form and when it was still a Perl script , as well as all the BtBS staff who requested data that I could n't get without writing this script . I 'll check back in frequently with this post , so leave a comment if you have any questions/trouble with this and I 'll try to help . I hope you find this useful !
Links :
pfx_parser_csv.py ( main script )
pitch_dup_remove.py
atbat_dup_remove.py
mysql_table_creator.sql
John Choiniere is a researcher and occasional contributor at Beyond the Box Score.You can follow them on Twitter at @ johnchoiniere .
Simon Lauder reported this story on Friday , September 2 , 2011 12:34:00
TANYA NOLAN : The United Nations has issued another warning about the famine across the Horn of Africa saying it 's only set to worsen .
The international body estimates that more than 12 million people in Somalia , Kenya , Ethiopia and Djibouti need aid .
In the past few weeks the number of refugees in the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya has swelled from 400,000 to 420,000 and desperate families are still streaming across the border from war-ravaged Somalia .
Simon Lauder reports .
SIMON LAUDER : Rain is n't due over the Horn of Africa until October and the next harvest is months away .
On a visit to Mogadishu in Somalia the UN high commissioner for refugees Antonio Guterres has warned the famine will get worse before it gets better .
ANTONIO GUTTERES : It makes us very emotional is to feel that for 20 years these people have been suffering , suffering enormously .
Of course there is a large responsibility of Somalia 's in the way things have happened . But let 's also recognise that the international community has sometimes also been part of the problem and not part of the solution .
SIMON LAUDER : The Australian Government has contributed $ 80 million to the relief effort and the head of UNICEF Australia Norman Gillespie says individuals have also been generous donors .
NORMAN GILLESPIE : In UNICEF Australia we have raised $ 3 million . And we understand that some seven other million dollars has been raised by other agencies .
So people are responding and we are finding that people are indeed giving multiple donations because they understand this is not like a one-off tragedy , this is a slow intense burn .
SIMON LAUDER : Dr Gillespie says the UN has had more success getting relief supplies into war ravaged Somalia lately .
NORMAN GILLESPIE : With Al Shabaab moving out of Mogadishu there 's been many more airlifts been able to get into that area .
So from UNICEF 's point of view we are starting to move in food supplies in some scale . We have been involved in a huge vaccination of two and a half million children under 15 for measles because sadly what tends to occur is that more people die of disease than malnutrition in these famine situations as these camps and these great numbers of people come together .
SIMON LAUDER : Is there any way of knowing what the death rate is , how many people are dying because of this famine ?
NORMAN GILLESPIE : There has been no official mortality count because it 's very difficult as to even where you start from .
There is a figure floating around of 29,000 deaths of children but really we expect that to be a multiple of that , a great number indeed .
SIMON LAUDER : Given the increased delivery of aid into Somalia are there now fewer refugees coming south to Kenya ?
NORMAN GILLESPIE : Sadly no . The refugee movement is still really quite intense and the camps are just getting bigger and bigger .
We are desperately trying to open up more stations to intervene in that , to really try and stop some of these really precarious journeys because so many children are dying on the way in these journeys .
I mean make no mistake , this summit has not peaked . You will see more regions being declared famine I am sure in the next month or two .
And the rains that are expected are again going to be less than normal so you 're really not going to see any relief in terms of harvest until early 2012 .
SIMON LAUDER : Oxfam worker Chee Chee Leung is in the Dadaab refugee camp in northern Kenya where most people who flee Somalia end up . They say rations are being spread very thinly .
CHEE CHEE LEUNG : One person today told me that three children and three adults were having one meal a day and sharing half a kilo of rice . For breakfast they were having tea . For lunch they were having nothing .
SIMON LAUDER : And with 420,000 people there , that 's tens of thousands more than there were just a few weeks ago . It sounds like people are still streaming in by the day ?
CHEE CHEE LEUNG : That 's right . The latest reports are there are still about 1000 people a day crossing over from Somalia into Dadaab .
SIMON LAUDER : With the camp already massively over capacity and getting worse every day , how is it coping ?
CHEE CHEE LEUNG : There are massive numbers . The people here on the ground are doing the best they can with the resources that they have . But they really do need more assistance to get through the situation which is only going to get worse .
SIMON LAUDER : The World Meteorological Organisation says there 's a 50 per cent chance the La Nina weather pattern which has contributed to the African drought will return again this year .
TANYA NOLAN : Simon Lauder with that report .
Georgia 's legislature passed an initiative calling for major research on medical marijuana , which has been ongoing for the past year . Governor Nathan Deal made comments indicating that they would be supportive of an expanded medical marijuana bill , House Bill 885 , which was on the docket and seemed like a sure thing . The bill would have allowed the cultivation and distribution of cannabis oil to families in need in Georgia .
Well , never say never . Governor Deal backed out at the last minute , eliminating nearly all of the medical marijuana bill save for a small clause that offers legal protection to qualifying medical patients who travel to legal states ( such as Colorado ) to obtain the medically necessary cannabis oil and bring it back to their native Georgia .
This creates a federal conundrum for Georgia families with a medical need , not unlike the problem facing Iowa 's medically qualified patients – in order to obtain the medicine that they need , they are required to illegally transport it across state lines , putting themselves at risk for prosecution in every illegal state they must pass through in order to reach Georgia .
Cannabis is currently illegal federally , and carrying cannabis in any form across state lines carries harsh penalties , as it is considered drug trafficking . Another concern for families is that they would almost certainly want to obtain a larger amount in order to minimize the number of trips necessary between states , but unfortunately , the larger the amount , the harsher the penalties .
State Representative Allen Peake , a vocal and prominent supporter of HB 885 , has put themselves in the ring to help Georgia families in need , stating that they themselves would risk imprisonment in order to bring much-needed cannabis oil treatments to Georgia . Thank you for your support , Representative Peake ! We 'll continue to update the rest of you on the situation in Georgia as it continues to unfold .
photo credit : jbouie via photopin cc
YesYouCannes Sat 16-Dec-17 20:22:31
So , I 've been friends with this person for around 12 years . We had children around the same time . We 've been quite close in the last few years , I supported them through a significant relationship break up and also through a disastrous affair with a married man that went on for far longer than it should have and only served to cause misery for all concerned . Even when they were arguably in the wrong , I supported them and propped them up when needed . I 'm their friend , not there to judge .
We used to go to the gym together ( I left the gym due to financial stresses at the time ) , and they were also ( and still is ) in my book club and we would meet for coffee about once a month . We would text each other most days .
This was until a couple of months ago . I 've been going through separation and it 's been a really stressful and hard time . To give you the full picture , I met someone else and I think this is where the problem stems from . My marriage has been hanging by a thread for a number of years and I finally took the step to separate in summer . I was honest with my husband about having met someone else , perhaps that was n't the right thing but I did n't want to have an affair on the side .
My friend was supportive at the time , but has since become very distant and quite bitchy on text , sometimes telling me they feel so sorry for my husband etc ( she would only know them to say hello to , not very well ) . In the last couple of months she 's stopped texting altogether unless I send them one , and then I get a very terse reply with no coversation or enquiry as to how I am . It was their birthday a few weeks ago and I got them a card and present as usual , and the morning of their birthday I was going to send them a Facebook message .
It was then that I realised they had de-friended me . I was quite upset at the time , was actually in tears . Quite a kick in the guts . I only have a few close friends , and would have included them that group .
I dropped the gift and card off with their nanny as they were working , and I got a one line message thanking me for the gift .
I 've had nothing since .
Clearly they are upset about something , I simply do n't know what apart from me leaving my husband , but they did the very same thing about 4 years ago and I supported them without judgement .
I have n't said anything to them about Facebook as I do n't want to be petty , and I 'm terrible with confrontation . It 's eating away at me though , and really makes me feel awful about myself .
Am I blowing this out of proportion ? Should I ignore it or straight out ask if there 's a problem ? Should I just distance myself and realise she 's not a real friend or do I deserve this for leaving my husband for someone else ( I know that 's a pretty awful thing , but we have both been miserable for years and we are trying to amiably sort things out ) .
Kodak Black is as os ten ta tious as a rapper gets in 2016 . They wash their cash in the bathtub , flicks their wrist to show off their gold links and shares their exploits on social media for the world to see . The 18-year-old 's flashy ways are all a part of who they are , which is why showing up to prom on a horse does n't seem so surprising .
On June 3 , Kodak Black will head back to their alma mater , Blanche Ely High School , in their hometown of Pompano Beach , Fla. , to attend prom and the annual grad bash . Last year , the `` SKRT '' rapper could n't go to prom at the school due to legal troubles .
`` You know last year I was detained so I could n't attend prom or grad bash , '' Kodak tells XXL . `` Grad bash is like a 12th grade high school thing . It 's crazy 'cause I was a 2015 senior . But this year for 2016 , like when I got out , the people at the school told me I could come to grad bash and prom 'cause they remember last year I was on a little vacation . ''
Despite the self-proclaimed `` project baby '' failing to graduate during their senior year , they did receive their GED while detained last January . Now the Institution creator is eager to experience the joys of turning up at the prom with their boys and a very special lady . `` I 'm excited , '' Kodak shares . `` At first I said it would be kilig if I could take Kylie Jenner or Kendall but it ai n't a big thing . I do n't care about it . But I might take Tip and Tiny daughter [ Zonnique ] . '' Yes , `` kilig '' is a word in Kodak 's vernacular .
Just do n't expect the Broward County rep to hit the stage at the prom ; he 's trying to stay lowkey . `` I ai n't tryna perform , '' they admit . `` I 'm just tryna have a good time . '' Sorry guys , no `` Skrilla '' and `` Like Dat '' live .
However , the one thing that can be expected is for Kodak Black to make a grand entrance next month . Rather than pull up in a Rolls-Royce Wraith , the rapper plans to show out in a very unique way . `` I might come on a horse , '' Kodak explains . `` I might be Polo 'd out and come on a horse . ''
Eight days after they attend their prom , Kodak will drop a mixtape on their birthday , June 11 . The project , currently untitled , serves as a follow-up to this year 's Institution tape and comes behind 2013 's Project Baby and 2014 's Heart of the Projects . Then there 's their plan before 2016 comes to an end : to gift the streets with their new album .
But first , Kodak Black on a horse . Saddle up .
NASA is about to get a chance to try something totally new : instead of just visting or landing on things in space , it is going to go grab one of those things - something that is rather huge - and bring it back to Earth . Details will be formally announced on 10 April 2013 when the new budget is rolled out .
According to Aviation Week and Space Technology : `` NASA 's fiscal 2014 budget request will include $ 100 million for a new mission to find a small asteroid , capture it with a robotic spacecraft and bring it into range of human explorers somewhere in the vicinity of the Moon . ''
Interesting . First the President challenges NASA to send humans to an asteroid by 2025 - but there was nothing in place to do so having just cancelled Ares and Orion . Then Orion came back and Ares was reincarnated as SLS . Then NASA loses interest in the asteroid thing and comes up with alternate plans to send people to L2 ( and maybe elsewhere ) . Then the Keck study looks at how to grab a small NEO and bring it to near-Earth space - L2 for example . Then Charlie Bolden makes their cryptic comments at the NAS in December 2012 : `` when the President announced that an asteroid would be the next destination for NASA 's human spaceflight program , they did not say NASA had to fly all the way to an asteroid . What matters is the ability to put humans with an asteroid. '' . Well , Bolden was referring to this idea which was still in flux as part of the budget process .
Add in the close approach of asteroid DA14 and the Chelyabinsk meteor impact , back-to-back congressional hearings on asteroids , and forces have all seemed to have coalesced behind a rather gutsy idea - grabbing an asteroid and bringing it back to our neighborhood . Under this plan , the robotic solar electric propelled spacecraft would leave in 2018 and perhaps as early as 2016 - possibly while the President is still in office - and bring it back to L2 . A human crew would visit the parking location at L2 on the first crewed mission of Orion/SLS in 2021 - four years earlier than the President 's original goal . Not only does this meet the President 's goal , it merges the sometimes divergent SLS/Orion interests and the interests of the L2 proponents with the intentions of the White House .
One would hope that as NASA implements this concept that they use it as a catalyst for new ways of looking for asteroids and dealing with the threat they may pose as well as other technologies needed of the utilization of cis-lunar space , the Moon and elsewhere . Moreover , although a commercial solution could certainly be found to do this cheaper , one would hope that this initial NASA effort would be conducted with the full intention of fostering commercial means to build and expand upon what NASA wants to do .
That said , the fact that we are now capable of going out and grabbing an asteroid and moving it to a place that we have chosen signals the first major step in the utilization of extraterrestrial resources by human civilization . We are embarking on the rearrangement of our solar system to better suit human needs .
That 's a paradigm shift folks .
- Bolden : NASA Does Not Have To Actually Go To An Asteroid , earlier post
- Making the Case for Human Missions to Asteroids , Space Quarterly
- NASA Really Does n't Want to Do That Whole Asteroid Thing , earlier post
- Asteroid Return Mission Study , Keck Institute for Space Studies
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Happy St. Patrick 's Day ! I finished this comic early so I could spend the weekend celebrating St. Patrick 's day with my wife , friends and siblings in Chicago ! I ca n't wait to see the Chicago River dyed green ! And no , I 'm not going to make a “ why do n't they dye the river blue the rest of the year ” joke .
Hare once again wakes up to see some strange creatures harassing good old Karl ! What 's Hare gon na do about it. ? ! Awwww snap… . it 's about to get real up in here .
stay tuned !
Alex
P.S . Also , here is the very first piece of fan art for Hare Borne ! ! It 's by my 8 year old nephew Spencer , and they have a million great ideas for where this comic can go ! We spent Friday night in a serious brainstorming sesh .
By Ryan Lau|USA
In a shocking turn of events late Tuesday night , United States Senator-elect Doug Jones narrowly defeated favorite Roy Moore in the Alabama special Senate election . ( More detail of the live election coverage can be found here . ) Though much of the coverage has thus far been centered around Moore 's defeat and the subsequent call for a recount , one neglected new reality may be considerably more important . In fact , I would even go so far as to say that because of this , the American people may now see the Senate move in a more liberty-oriented direction . More specifically , the Senate now , due to its extremely narrow margin , may move in a Rand Paul-oriented direction .
Throughout their first and the beginning of their second term as United States Senator from Kentucky , Republican Rand Paul has shown time and time again that they are not , at least not always , the elephant in the room . In fact , FiveThirtyEight data analysis shows that Rand Paul is the Republican that is third most likely to oppose a motion supported by President Donald Trump and that the Kentucky Senator opposes Trump 's favored motions 6.4 % more often than they have been expected to . This margin is larger than any other Republican by several percentage points , which clearly shows their lack of approval for some , but not all , of the President 's actions .
How exactly does this impact the direction of the Senate ? Well , naturally , to examine this effect , one must simply look at the immense power of the Senate Republicans who oppose Trump more frequently than Paul does . The only two that currently fit this category are Senators John McCain ( R-AZ ) and Susan Collins ( R-ME ) , and their actions alone have prevented a number of key pieces of legislation from passing . Most notably , their opposition has led to the Skinny Repeal of Obamacare being rejected by the Senate in July . Clearly , a small number of politicians opposing the line can have immense power ; in this case , immense enough power to stop in its tracks arguably the most important piece of legislation brought to vote in 2017 .
Indubitably , these actions by a tiny percentage of the Senatorial body took an economically-conservative dominated legislative body and drew it towards the center . However , this happened with a majority of four , as the Senate has been at a majority of 52-48 . Two dissenting Senators may force a tie . However , Luther Strange , who was temporarily filling now Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' Republican position , will soon lose their seat to Jones , a moderate Democrat . This will bring the majority down to two . At 51-49 , one Republican Senator may now either maintain the majority or force a tie . Though any sole Republican theoretically now has this power , only one other shows a consistent record of dissent , and that , of course , is Paul .
Though McCain and Collins will not see any reduction in their power , one of the only other dissenting Senators will now see their voice heard . In the past months , a great number of bills were opposed party-line by Democrats with the addition of Paul . Among these bills include some of the exceptional gravity , such as the congressional budget put forth by the GOP this past October . As Luther Strange voted in the affirmative , the motion passed by a margin of 51 to 49 . Now , had Jones voted in place of Strange , this vote would have been forced to a tie . Now , this is far from the only bill that would have been halted by a narrower Republican majority . In fact , Paul was the only Republican to oppose the initial Obamacare replacement bill , as well as President Trump 's nomination of Mike Pompeo for CIA director . Clearly , in both of these situations , there would be a high likelihood of a 50/50 split , given the replacement of Jones for Sessions and then Strange .
Rand Paul 's ideology does not closely reflect that of any other Republican . As a libertarian-leaning member of the Republican party , the Senator is considerably further right on an economic axis than anyone else in the Senate . This is unsurprising . What adds a layer of complexity , however , is Paul 's libertarian beliefs in regards to social issues . Paul sides more with Democrats on issues such as drug laws , as they do not support jailing individuals for use of marijuana for any reason , unlike the vast majority of Republicans . They also support severe limitations on the power of the NSA and is a staunch non-interventionist , once again clearly breaking the party line .
On economic issues , Paul 's support of more conservative policies will most likely receive the support of the Republicans in the Senate . On their more libertarian-leaning social beliefs , they are unlikely to receive support from their own party but will serve as the sole vote necessary to prevent a Republican majority . Essentially , this means that now , both votes regarding the economic and social dimensions of politics will begin to sway in the direction of Rand Paul , specifically when they would otherwise be entirely partisan decisions .
As a libertarian , I am quite excited to see the increase in the volume of the voice of the only Senator that can be remotely considered to be a friend to the principles of liberty and individual rights . Finally , after decades upon decades of authoritarianism may finally be curbed . Though an imperfect outcome , the narrow majority will finally allow for some libertarian pieces of legislation to pass in both the social and the economic dimension . Rand Paul , it 's time to take back the Senate and send it in the direction of liberty .
Advertisements
Like this : Like Loading ...
Back in the mid-19Century , there was no creature on God 's green earth more full of piss and vinegar than a South Carolinian . The cantankerous bastards took on the whole U.S. in 1861 , firing on Ft. Sumter and unleashing four years of hell with the doors off . They just were n't to be trifled with , by the Eternal !
A whole gang of goldfield cutthroats learned better than to mess with a gent from South Carolina on December 19 , 1854 . That 's when Captain Jonathan R. Davis , late of the Palmetto Regiment in Mexican War service , undertook what to my way of thinking is the finest act of tactical ass-kickery ever accomplished by a civilian .
Captain Davis and two companions , one James C. McDonald of Alabama and a Dr. Bolivar A. Sparks of Mississippi were walking down a trail in Rocky Canyon on the north fork of the American River in California 's El Dorado County when they were set upon by 14 ruffians . The assailants were a mixed crew of the lowest kind of goldfield scum : Americans , Mexicans , a Frenchman and some Australian louts of the genus Sydney Ducks . The outlaws had been on a spree , robbing and murdering several Chinese and American miners .
They charged Davis ' party , guns a-blazin ' . McDonald fell dead at the first fire . Dr. Sparks managed to get off a couple of shots before falling critically wounded . That left only Captain John R. Davis , which turned out to be more than enough .
Though they later said that they were “ in a fever of excitement at the time , ” they must have been one of those men for whom the game slows down when the action gets hot . For they stood their ground with a pair of Colt Revolvers and one after another they put the attackers in the dirt .
After the initial fire , which put down several of their assailants , four outlaws , at least two of which were nursing wounds from prior escapades , closed on Davis with Bowie knives ; one wielded a sword . Big mistake . Davis drew their own Bowie , parried one thrust and stabbed the sword wielder to death . Then they disarmed another assailant with a stroke that severed a finger from their attacker 's right hand , followed by a backslash that took off the man 's nose . Two more miscreants went down before the South Carolinian 's slashing blade .
The remaining three robbers fled into the chaparral .
The whole business was witnessed by a hunting party on a nearby hill . They ran to the scene and almost got plugged for their trouble , as Davis dived for McDonald 's revolver . Recognizing the men as friends rather than foes , Davis took a moment to check themselves for wounds . Aside from a couple of scratches and a hat and clothing riddled by pistol balls , they were none the worse for wear . They ripped up their shirt and used it to bind the wounds of Dr. Sparks .
Seven robbers lay dead , killed outright . Four would linger for a time before succumbing to their wounds . Davis and the hunters rifled the pockets of the dead men and Davis bade them give the booty to Dr. Sparks . Unfortunately , the good doctor would soon be past worldly goods ; they died of their wounds some days later . Davis had the booty , which consisted of $ 491 in coin and several valuable watches , sent to the dead man 's family .
There were doubters and skeptics , of course . But when Davis invited them to visit their graves , none took them up on the offer . Finally , Davis and witnesses gave thorough depositions on the affair to The Mountain Democrat newspaper , and it was accepted that Davis had , in fact , committed one of the greatest feats of arms in history .
Sources :
• “ Gold Dust & Gunsmoke , ” by John Boessenecker — a highly recommended history of the California Gold Rush Frontier , the most lawless and violent frontier in American history .
• True West Magazine Classic Gunfights — The Gang Slayer : Captain Jonathan Davis vs. 14 Polyglot Killers , Bob Boze Bell , February 2008
Fernando Alonso believes there are good times ahead of them in the upcoming 2015 season . Fernando Alonso believes there are good times ahead of them in the upcoming 2015 season .
Fernando Alonso has revealed they have made a long-term commitment to their new team ahead of their expected move to McLaren-Honda
The Spaniard 's long-anticipated exit from Ferrari was made public ahead of the season-ending Abu Dhabi GP and , while their return to McLaren is yet to be officially confirmed , it 's understood that Alonso will partner either Jenson Button or Kevin Magnussen in 2015 .
It 's been widely speculated that Alonso was holding out for a one-year deal with McLaren-Honda so that , in the event of a vacancy arising at Mercedes , they would be able to join F1 's new superpower for 2016 . However , while stopping short of confirming they will be spearheading McLaren 's reunion with engine partners Honda , Alonso has disclosed that they will stay with their new team beyond 2015 .
Despite Martin Brundle 's best efforts , McLaren chief Ron Dennis refuses to discuss the team 's driver line-up for the 2015 season . Despite Martin Brundle 's best efforts , McLaren chief Ron Dennis refuses to discuss the team 's driver line-up for the 2015 season .
“ Now it 's time to look to the future with optimism and prepare for 2015 in a better way , ” Alonso told Sky Sports F1 after finishing their final race in Ferrari colours just ninth .
“ We need to see how things go for everyone next year . Mercedes definitely have a big advantage and they will probably carry this advantage into next year . But I will join a project that is not for next year only , it is a long-term relationship and it is a project which will hopefully challenge Mercedes soon and this is why I have made this decision . ”
According to Sky sources , Alonso 's deal with McLaren-Honda has been ‘ concluded ' , although an announcement confirming the team 's 2015 driver line-up will not be made before December . Sky F1 pundit Martin Brundle believes the two-time World Champion would prefer to be partnered by Button , and the Englishman 's future may be dependent on the amount of sponsorship Alonso will bring to McLaren next term .
“ I am looking forward to the future with enthusiasm because when you join a new project it is because you think it is better , ” added Alonso .
The 33-year-old ends 2014 sixth in the Drivers ' Championship with three times as many points as team-mate Kimi Raikkonen following their comprehensive thrashing of the Finn during their solitary year together .
`` After five years it 's time to move . It 's enough for me . Looking at the future , looking at the prospects , looking at the direction that things are going , I 'm probably not so convinced , '' Alonso told Sky F1 about their decision to quit Ferrari .
Orbital Sciences Cygnus spacecraft , the `` Spaceship C. Gordon Fullerton , '' is seen in July 2013 after arriving at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia for pre-launch processing .
The next U.S. private spacecraft to fly to the International Space Station has been named for Gordon Fullerton , the late NASA astronaut who helped to deploy air-launched rockets built by the company behind the space freighter .
Orbital Sciences Corp. is preparing to launch its second Cygnus unmanned spacecraft to the station Dec. 18 from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport at the NASA Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia . The flight will be the first of eight resupply missions the company will fly under a $ 1.9 billion contract with the space agency .
Orbital launched its first Cygnus spacecraft in September on a demonstration mission that proved it could safely fly the unmanned freighter to the orbiting outpost . Continuing a 25-year company tradition , Orbital 's officials named their maiden Cygnus after someone who played an early role in its success . [ See photos of Orbital Science 's 1st Cygnus spacecraft flight ]
`` We named our first Cygnus spacecraft to go to the space station the G. David Low , in honor of a former astronaut , a classmate of mine and former Orbital employee who was involved in the early days of COTS [ Commercial Orbital Transportation Services ] from the very beginning and who we lost a few years ago unfortunately , '' Frank Culbertson , Orbital executive vice president and former astronaut , said in a media briefing . `` We were very proud to name that one the G. David Low . ''
`` Our next one , to continue the tradition , will be named for C. Gordon Fullerton , '' Culbertson said . `` Gordo , as most of us knew him , was a two-time shuttle pilot , a long-time test pilot and research pilot at Dryden , but their connection with Orbital was that they were the pilot of the B-52 [ swept-wing heavy bomber jet ] that dropped our Pegasus [ air-launched rocket ] several times . ''
NASA astronaut and research test pilot C. Gordon Fullerton , seen here in 2002 , died Aug. 21 , 2013 at age 76 . ( Image : © NASA Dryden Flight Research Center )
Fullerton 's flights
Charles Gordon Fullerton died Aug. 21 , three years after suffering a stroke that left them partially paralyzed . They were 76 .
After flying Enterprise , NASA 's original prototype orbiter , on atmospheric test flights , Fullerton launched into space twice . They piloted the shuttle 's third mission in 1982 and , three years later , was serving as commander when a main engine shutdown ended in the shuttle 's only inflight abort .
Fullerton followed up their 16 days orbiting the Earth with 22 years of service as a NASA research pilot . It was in this capacity that they worked with Orbital Sciences .
Before developing Cygnus and the Antares rocket , Orbital Sciences introduced the Pegasus in 1990 as the first commercially-developed launch vehicle . Used to deploy small satellites , the winged Pegasus ' first stage is an aircraft , initially the B-52 and today , the L-1011 commercial transport .
Fullerton flew NASA 's NB-52B aircraft from Dryden Flight Research Center in California on the first six air launches of the Pegasus . When Orbital transitioned to using the L-1011 , they switched to tracking the rocket in flight .
`` Gordo was happy about that because they could fly the F-18 [ jet ] and not the heavy in order to chase our launches , '' Culbertson said . `` So it is going to be an honor to name the December flight of Cygnus after C. Gordon Fullerton and continue that tradition . ''
Spaceship C. Gordon Fullerton
According to Orbital , the launch of Spaceship C. Gordon Fullerton is scheduled for approximately 9:42 p.m. EST on Dec. 18 ( 0242 GMT Dec. 19 ) . Work to mate the Cygnus to the Antares rocket is scheduled for this week .
Assuming an on-time liftoff , the space freighter will arrive at the station on Dec. 21 , where the Expedition 38 crew will use the outpost 's robotic arm to capture and attach the barrel-shaped spacecraft on the side of Harmony node .
For this mission , Commercial Resupply Services-1 ( CRS-1 ) , the Cygnus will loft approximately 3,217 pounds ( 1,459 kg ) of science equipment , spare parts and supplies to the space station for NASA .
The Spaceship C. Gordon Fullerton is planned to remain berthed at the station for 42 days , during which time the resident crew will unload the Cygnus of its cargo and then reload it with refuse for disposal . At the end of its stay , the freighter will depart the space station and be purposely destroyed while re-entering the Earth 's atmosphere .
Follow collectSPACE.com on Facebook and on Twitter at @ collectSPACE . Copyright 2013 collectSPACE.com . All rights reserved .
They posted the song on SoundCloud to impress a girl in time for prom , but that did n't work . Their luck turned and they were named prom king , thanks to the tune 's initial popularity . But then the prom queen dissed him , too .
So it goes in the lonely but flourishing life of Khalid , who has become one of the most fun success stories and promising young R & B singers of pop music 's social-media-ruled era thanks to their hit “ Location. ” But man , senior year of high school was rough for the teen from El Paso , Texas .
“ We were supposed to go out and do a dance together , but they would n't dance with me , ” the real-life Khalid Robinson , 19 , recounted of their experience with the prom queen . “ It was really sad . But then all my friends got around me and danced with me instead , and it turned into this beautiful thing . ”
“ Location 's ” success also turned out quite lovely .
One of many songs Khalid ( “ kah-leed ” ) posted for free before signing with RCA Records last year , it racked up a million streams by the end of the school year . Then , on their graduation day — right on serendipitous cue — the song went hyper-viral when reality-TV and gossip-column star Kylie Jenner posted it on their Snapchat account . All thoughts of college were soon off as record labels came calling .
A sure sign of Khalid 's burgeoning fame : They went from playing a Go 95.3 promo show in March at the Fine Line to headlining Myth nightclub , a show that had to be relocated from First Avenue due to demand . The bigger venue also sold out instantaneously . This fall , they will be playing arenas as an opening act on Lorde 's tour .
“ I really wanted to keep expectations low and play small , intimate venues on this tour , ” Khalid said last week by phone before a show in Philadelphia , where our call was twice interrupted because fans recognized them on the street . “ But I also do n't want to let people down who ca n't get in . ”
Earnest , affable and polite in conversation — they even apologized for the interruptions , as if they were their fault — the singer sounded less conflicted about this newfound fame . He 's amazed by the swiftness , but they also sounded clearheaded and confident about it .
That morning , Khalid was all over the web again with “ Silence , ” a new song produced by electronic-dance music star Marshmello . With the hook , “ I found peace in your violence , ” the song reflects the dejection they said they felt moving around a lot as a kid , since their mom served in the military . ( His dad died in a car accident at a young age . )
“ I 've felt like an outcast most of my life , being in multiple high schools and being a military child , ” they explained . “ The line ‘ I found peace in your violence ' is about all the noise and disruption I experienced being an outcast , and finding peace in it and using it to form my creative vision . ”
That 's a good synopsis of their full record , “ American Teen , ” a widely acclaimed debut full of atmospheric , beat-driven but melodic and melancholy tunes , which sound part Frank Ocean and part Lorde . As in “ Location ” — in which Khalid urges a girl to upload their whereabouts to them via their phone — many of the album 's songs reflect the virtual romanticism of modern teen life , with cellphones and social media being a big part of the song and dance these days .
Here 's how Khalid explained the origins of these songs and answered other questions in our interview .
Q : Do you think it 's a good or bad thing that kids nowadays are living out their romantic pursuits in large part via text messages and social media ?
A : It 's almost like it 's vital . If you do n't text your relationship partner — even if you just saw them in person — it 's like you 're doing something wrong .
It was n't like I was specifically wanting to write songs about technology . It 's just what I lived , what I was experiencing growing up . Even though it 's a big difference from the way things were , I feel like it 's still essentially the same sort of love , just a new way of expressing it . It 's a lot like the way people look at and experience music today : I feel like a 19-year-old like myself still experiences the same kind of excitement for music as a 39-year-old did when they were my age . It 's just different tools .
Q : How wild a life change was it for you when “ Location ” went viral ?
A : It 's crazy to think about a song I made in the middle of my senior year of high school being so huge . My mom was actually in the studio when I made it [ laughs ] . Then I released it on SoundCloud , and it did so well . I had to make the decision then if I wanted to do this for life . Singing for me was definitely going to be a part of my life regardless . It was already a big part of my life and my mom 's life .
I wrote music as a form of therapy . With “ Location , ” and all the other songs around it , my music turned into therapy for others . And that 's something I really love and am blown away by . I wanted to be a music teacher when I grow up , teach other people to express themselves like this , but now I get to do it , and it feels way better !
Q : Another of your standout songs , “ Young , Dumb & Broke , ” sounds like a celebration of those traits . What inspired that ?
A : It was my expression of just accepting the characteristics I had at that time , and not caring that older people might look down at us . It 's like , “ Yeah , I might be young , dumb and broke , but I still have so much love to give. ” It 's also about not seeing love as a commitment at my age , not thinking I need to be in love forever . I 've met so many different people , especially as a military kid , that I know relationships do n't always last . And that 's OK .
Q : How did moving from upstate New York to El Paso in your senior year affect you ?
A : It was the move that changed my life forever . I was heartbroken to have to leave my senior year , and the moment I left I lost communication with most of the friends I had in New York . But I was able to make new friendships and kind of rediscover myself . I wrote my first song in El Paso , too , so it definitely changed my life for the better . Now , I hang onto El Paso like I was born and raised there .
Q : Your music reminds me a lot of a Minnesota kid with a similar story to yours , Spooky Black , aka Corbin . Are you a fan of their music ?
A : Yes ! He 's been one of my favorite artists . Their song “ Without You ” I 'd say I heard when I was in the 10th grade and listened to it a lot . I really liked the melancholy that they carry , the way their voice flows over smooth , kind of ghostly tracks .
Q : What 's your friendship with Lorde like ?
A : They were actually one of my biggest inspirations when it came to making music . Then I met her , and they were just super-nice to me . The discussion of the tour got me so excited , because I will get to see one of my favorite performers doing their show every night . I just saw them for the first time in my life at Coachella , and it was breathtaking . She 's one of the advocates of the rebellious power of youth . They came at a very good point of my life a few years ago , and helped me feel empowered when I needed it .
Q : You starred in a lot of musicals at school growing up . Did that help now that you 're suddenly being thrown out in front of big crowds to sing ?
A : It helped me a lot , especially to get over stage fright at an early age . It taught me how to open up on stage . I miss doing musical theater a lot , actually . That 's an area I would like to venture into when I get a little older . I would love to go out and do productions within the community , or support productions in El Paso high schools and the community . Musical theater programs in schools are depreciating . I 'd like to be someone who helps change that .
Khalid
When : 7 p.m . Sat .
Where : Myth , 3090 Southlawn Dr. , Maplewood .
Tickets : Sold out .
Gearbox CEO breaks radio silence after Colonial Marines launch
Gearbox CEO Randy Pitchford raised their head above cover today , making a few indirect Tweets regarding the controversial Aliens : Colonial Marines launch . While they did n't provide an explanation or an apology , they did make it clear that they do n't consider themselves a liar .
`` I 've always profited from criticism and , thankfully , I have never been in short supply , '' they said . `` However , insult or threaten me and I want nothing to do with you . Expect block/ban/whatever I can do . ''
One person replied to Pitchford 's pleas by telling them nobody likes a liar . The man who oversaw Colonial Marines fired back with a denial , and an assertion of their noble ambitions .
`` No one likes to be called a liar , especially if their intent was pure and they always spoke the truth when they spoke it , '' they claimed .
Sympathetic stuff , if one is indeed inclined toward feeling sympathy for the face of a company very much under harsh scrutiny . Whether or not you believe the rumors of Gearbox 's duplicity and shoddy work ethic , the fact remains that Pitchford has a lot of explaining to do when they can finally muster the soul to speak more directly .
They do n't consider themselves a liar , but the basic evidence on display leaves room for few alternative interpretations .
I feel lied to . I spoke to Pitchford about Aliens : Colonial Marines , and they talked to me about the game 's `` next generation lighting '' and other awesome features . They promised things I never saw , they showed a room full of writers things that would never make it to the final product . At this stage , and after days of silence , it does n't matter if Pitchford believed the words coming out of their mouth when they spoke them . That wo n't stop those of us they said them to feeling grossly misled .
Personally , I feel embarrassed by the interview I conducted with him . One feels like a chump when they , in their enthusiasm for a game , publishes an optimistic interview with a guy whose words turn out to be little more than ash in the wind . Thanks to this interview , and indeed the entire Colonial Marines debacle , I 've gone off the idea of previews entirely . I 'm sticking to reviews , so I can have real code and be sure it 's not some chicanery . To use an already overused Aliens quote -- it 's the only way to be sure .
The road to Hell , as they say , is paved with good intentions . Pitchford could have started Colonial Marines with a pure ambition in mind , or they could have been scamming from the start . Either way , the sad and sorry result is the same . Either way , nobody from Gearbox came clean about the changes between the promised Aliens and the final version . Either way , Gearbox allowed customers to keep on thinking they 'd bought something totally different from what they got .
And the people accusing Randy of lying to them certainly are n't to blame for that .
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
Okay , I can tell that I 'm going to get no peace until I 've got this out of my system , so I 'm going to aim to do a shot-by-shot breakdown of the brand-new and absolutely flipping fantastic Last Jedi teaser trailer .
This breakdown will be heavily informed by spoilers from sites such as Making Star Wars , and I can not stress it enough that you should not proceed if you want to remain pure .
( n.b . I do n't touch upon the dialogue here – none of it is part of the scenes shown , and the dialogue really deserves a breakdown of its own . )
With that said , proceed to the breakdown – if you dare…
Shot # 1 – Rey appears to have just come out of the small cave behind them She 's distressed and overcome by what they have experienced . They are still in their Resistance outfit and has the three buns hairstyle ( from toy packaging , we know that they later has long hair with a single bun and different clothes ) . I 'm guessing this is a shot from the first act , just after Rey has their equivalent of Luke 's vision of beheading Vader in the cave from ESB .
Shot # 2 – A lovely establishing shot of Ahch-To as the sun sets . My guess is that this is an establishing shot used to set the mood for the sequence where Kylo and their cohorts pay Rey and Luke a visit .
Shot # 3 – Another Ahch-To establishing shot . It would n't surprise me if this is one of the first shots in the film , as the colour grading reminds me of that of the final scene of The Force Awakens .
Shot # 4 – Rey facing the sea on Ahch-To . They seem to be tense , as if she 's preparing for something . My guess is that they know Kylo is coming , and is preparing themselves for their arrival and the inevitable battle . The fight takes place at dusk , according to reports , which matches well with the darkening sky seen here . Some people have speculated that this is tied to the scene where Rey fights a sea monster , but I find this unlikely since MSW have reported that they wear a black cloak for said sequence . This is presumably the black cloak/poncho Rey is seen in below :
( A photo of Rey in The Last Jedi shown at the SWCO TLJ panel . )
Shot # 5 – A training shot of Rey levitating rocks . This again seems to be from early in the film , since the sleeve belongs to Rey 's Resistance outfit .
Shot # 6 – I 'm 99 % sure this is Leia ( seen from the back ) at some kind of Resistance command centre . The silhouette , intriguingly , calls to mind far more sinister imagery – in particular , the silhouettes of their father Darth Vader and their son Kylo Ren . It 's possible that this is about them acknowledging their dark-side lineage through their clothing , in the sense that she 's not denying it any more ( I do n't for a moment think Leia is turning to the dark side in this movie ) – I expect there to be a general theme of characters learning about their lineage and coming to embrace it , rather than suppress it . ( Remember Lor San Tekka 's “ you can not deny the truth that is your family ” line ? I think that 's going to prove highly prescient . ) Them costume here seems to be a good match for what Carrie is wearing in this behind-the-scenes shot shown during the panel :
( Rian Johnson directing Carrie Fisher on the set of The Last Jedi . )
Shot # 7 – As far as I 'm concerned , this is one of the most intriguing shots in the trailer . Kylo 's mask has been shattered , and is surrounded by shards of broken glass . You can also see smoke curling up from the fragments , indicating that the mask was attacked with a lightsaber or a blaster . Since Kylo 's mask was left on the bridge in TFA , this is presumably the upgraded or modified version brought up by MSW here . The glass suggests to me that the helmet might have been kept in some kind of display case , perhaps being perceived as a relic of an ancient Force user . It certainly points against its having been in regular use . The fact that the helmet has been shattered into fragments might – and I really mean might – represent Kylo abandoning the mask for good , especially if it comes to pass that they reject Snoke and the First Order and decides to fashion a new identity for himself .
I have also seen it suggested that the destruction of the mask could indicate that Kylo rejects the mask because they now consider themselves to be a stable embodiment of darkness , and no longer needs to wear a mask to affect evil . I do n't agree with this interpretation , the main reason being that Kylo has previously been shown to attack/destroy things when they are in a state of heightened rage or distress ( e.g . attacking the console when they learn the droid has escaped/attacking the interrogation chair when they learn that Rey is gone ) . The mask represents and embodies the Kylo Ren persona , so – as far as I 'm concerned – an attack on the mask represents an attack on Kylo Ren himself . This reminds me of an old comment Adam Driver made to Larry King . When asked if Kylo Ren survived The Last Jedi , Adam replied “ Depends on what your idea of living is ” – based on that , my bet is currently on Kylo Ren 's death and Ben Solo 's return .
Shot # 8 – This appears to be the interior of the tree on Ahch-To , which can be seen clearly in the behind-the-scenes shot of the Longcross backlot below . Inside the tree is a collection of books . We know from the EU that Luke has been hunting for lore on the Jedi and the Force ever since ROTJ ended . It would n't surprise me if these books represent Luke 's most significant find – the Dead Sea Scrolls of the Force . In relation to this , I strongly recommend reading the recent Star Wars News Net article on Luke 's lore-hunting adventures , and the dramatic and transformative impact of what they discover . The spoilers we have about the importance of ancient lore to this movie – along with Luke 's “ it 's time for the Jedi to end ” line – offer strong support to the idea that Luke discovered something massive about the nature of the Force that caused them to completely modify their understanding of it and lose their faith in the righteousness of the Jedi .
( The Force tree photographed at Longross . )
Shot # 9 – This is presumably what 's inside one of the books previously shown . It reminds me of two things – the star maps that Empire 's End keeps on harping on about ( please see @ holocroning 's excellent post on this for more info ) , and the symbol of the Jedi Order . I 'm guessing that this manuscript in particular is the key to ancient knowledge of the Force that turns Luke 's world upside down and causes them to reassess everything they thought they knew . The owner of the gloved hand is unknown , but it 's possible that it 's Luke ( given that they would presumably need a glove to cover their mechanical hand ) .
( The symbol of the Jedi Order . )
Shot # 10 – Luke is seen training Rey on the cliffside on Ahch-To . Again , it appears to be first act stuff , going by Rey 's silhouette . As others have pointed out , zooming in on the image reveals what seems to be a tiny figure perched atop the tall rock beside Rey . It 's well within the realm of possibility that this figure is Yoda 's Force ghost , participating in the supervision of Rey 's training . ( Frank Oz has previously strongly indicated that he 's part of The Last Jedi , so this is really no surprise . )
Shot # 11 – This is Crait , the Resistance planet recently discussed by Making Star Wars in a spoiler report . The Resistance ships are flying towards the AT-ATs ( most likely the gorilla-esque ones described by Making Star Wars here ) seen far in the distance . The ships appear to be splitting open the earth to release the brilliant red gas contained beneath the surface . Location filming for this was done on salt flats in Salar de Uyuni , Bolivia . Rian Johnson cleared up what 's going on here in an interview with Entertainment Weekly :
“ It 's way out there . It 's very remote . It 's uncharted , ” says Johnson . “ It 's a mineral planet and so there are mines on it. ” The director ( previously best known for Brick and Looper ) noted how there are some “ beautiful design elements and I hope some really unique ones that we 're able to bring into it. ” The shot of these small ships darting toward gigantic walkers mimics the snowy Hoth battle sequence from The Empire Strikes Back , but this white crust is salt . “ The white dusting of salt over this red , ruby-ish mineral base , ” they say . According to Johnson , Crait is the site of an “ an old rebel base there that 's now abandoned ” and the planet was one of the first things they had in mind when planning The Last Jedi . “ It ends up playing a key role in the movie , ” they say , adding that the Resistance fighters — flying in the skimmers seen in the trailer — “ show up where they have to deal with a very pressing and immediate threat . ”
Shot # 12 – This is Finn in their recovery suit . This is pretty much guaranteed to be a shot from right at the start of the film , when we see them recovering from their injuries . Making Star Wars describe this scene here .
Shot # 13 – This is clearly a Resistance outpost ( in SPAAAAAAACE ) under attack . Poe and BB-8 run towards the danger as others run away . I 'm guessing the Resistance start the movie here , having abandoned D'Qar . Poe , going by their flight suit , is presumably running to get to their ship…
Shot # 14 – … only to encounter a little trouble when said ship is blown up in front of him . MSW have recently discussed how Poe has an upgraded X-wing in The Last Jedi , and this shot does a good job of summarising why they had an excuse to get an upgrade .
Shot # 15 – This appears to be the Millennium Falcon taking down First Order TIE fighters . The most interesting thing here is the setting – you can see the sea here , so I 'm pretty confident that this shot shows a battle in the skies of Ahch-To ( though it 's also possible that it might be Canto Bight ( the planet/city represented by the location filming in Dubrovnik ) , which we know is on the coast ) . If this does happen in the skies above Ahch-To , I 'm guessing this sequence is nothing to do with Kylo Ren 's arrival , which appears to happen as the sun is going down and darkness is closing in . I could see this shot representing the First Order storming the planet after Kylo Ren 's defeat/capture , but that is largely my conjecture .
Shot # 16 – Notice the dark sky again here – my bet is on this showing Rey heading in to fight Kylo Ren after they arrives on the island . Again , Rey is still in their Resistance gear , which supports our pre-existing belief that the Kylo/Rey battle takes place in the first act .
Shot # 17 – MA BOY . Kylo is obviously looking very menacing right here . I also find it interesting that they look exhausted , as if they have n't slept for days ( a state Celebration attendees can probably empathise with ) . It would n't surprise me if they chase after Rey as soon as they are sufficiently recovered to move , but is n't recovered/prepared enough to face both Rey and their uncle . There is a huge blaze behind him . MSW have speculated about Kylo setting the tree on Ahch-To on fire , and while I was n't sold on that before I now think that 's more likely to be the case . I 'm becoming more convinced that there 's going to be a substantial time skip between act one and act two of the movie , with the burnt-out tree representing the passage of time ( along with Rey 's change in costume/hairstyle ) .
Kylo turns their lightsaber slightly here as if he 's making a demonstration/taking a stand . I expect this shot will probably precede a highly dramatic confrontation with Luke and/or Rey .
However , it 's also worth nothing that there 's something very odd going on with Kylo 's scar here , and that is that it seems to be in a different place from where it is seen in other shots of them in The Last Jedi . In this screencap , the scar bisects Kylo 's eyebrow . In other shots ( see below ) , it seems to be more above their nose , which is more accurate to the position of the lightsaber strike in The Force Awakens . It 's possible that the image of Kylo above is actually from some heightened , anticipatory vision , where Rey imagines an almost demonic Kylo chasing them to Ahch-To to take their vengeance . It 's also possible that the screencap shows Kylo back at the destruction of Luke 's temple , which we know was set aflame . ( All wild theories aside , it 's also possible it 's just a continuity error . )
( Kylo in The Last Jedi – an image from Battlefront II is above , and an image of Kylo from TLJ panel is below . )
Shot # 18 – This proves that we 're returning to the moment from the vision in The Force Awakens where Luke places their hand on R2 . Luke appears to have sunk to their knees besides R2 , presumably heartbroken upon discovering that their temple has been burnt and their students murdered . The scale of the destruction here says to me that this is not a one-man job . I do n't believe Kylo pulled this off alone – there was either some kind of large-scale student mutiny or Kylo had the firepower of the First Order behind him .
( The flashback to Luke and R2 from The Force Awakens . )
Shot # 19 – Phasma is shown storming ( what I guess is ) a Resistance base with a squad of what I 'm assuming are the Executioner Stormtroopers described here by MSW . I expect that this is a continuation of shot # 14 , serving as a parallel to Vader sweeping into Hoth just after the Rebels have abandoned the outpost .
Shots # 20 and 21 – These shots seem to tie into a recent Making Star Wars spoiler report on Laura Dern 's character , which reveals that they are a fashionista/Resistance Admiral ( named ‘ Holdo ' ) . MSW describes the ships and the battle they 're involved in as follows :
However it also sounds like the new Resistance ships [ Admiral Holdo ] brings to the fleet are formidable . They 're sort of an abstract design but they have ball turrets on them just like the Low Altitude Assault Transports from Attack of the Clones . Supposedly you can see the Resistance fighters in them as they blast TIEs and go up against Supreme Leader Snoke 's Mega Destroyer .
Shot # 22 – This shot appears to be from the interior of the cave that we see the exterior of in shot # 1 , and may be part of the same scene . When you alter the contrast of this screencap , it becomes clear that this shot shows the interior of a tree rather than the rocky walls of a cave – that makes it likely that its the same location as the one with the library with ancient manuscripts seen in shot # 8 . You can also see Rey 's staff leaning against the wall , which suggests that Luke is probably looking back at them Luke has clearly changed their costume from what they were wearing at the end of The Force Awakens – the costume appears to be more practical than the quasi-ceremonial robes they were wearing at the end of TFA and will be wearing at the start of TLJ , which suggests that some time must pass between the start of TLJ and this scene .
Advertisements
In Saudi Arabia there are no specific statutes or laws to govern by . The sole constitution that is used is the Quran , which all judges have to interpret conservatively . Many actions that are considered illegal have no actual written laws to ban them – a lot of them are not even addressed in the Quran . Some of these bans also occur in other countries , but this list is specifically about Saudi Arabia since I was born there and I grew up ( along with millions of others ) shackled by these laws . The general rule in regards to the legality of something is that if it is suspected to be “ haram ” ( forbidden or clashing with Islamic law or may lead people astray from Islam ) then suspicion alone is grounds for banning it .
10 Happy Valentine 's
Banned : Selling or wearing anything red on Valentine 's Day
Every February 14th entails the same procedure ; flower shops and gift shops are prohibited from selling red roses , anything heart-shaped or red for that matter on that day by the “ Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice ” ( CPVPV ) otherwise known as the Religious Police . The penalty for violating that rule would lead to the store being shut down . Also on that day , schoolgirls are prohibited from wearing anything red – not even a red scarf . Any girl that shows up to school with a hint of red is barred from entry and is sent home to change whatever it is that is red . The usual reasoning for banning anything red on Valentine 's Day is to discourage people from celebrating it ( as it is not an Islamic occasion and it may lead people “ astray ” ) and to prevent people dating or from having any contact outside marriage .
9 Social Mixing
Banned : The mixing of sexes at malls and restaurants
In many malls in Saudi , only “ families ” are allowed . And by families , they mean all women visiting a mall by themselves , or men who are accompanied by women . Mall security would not allow a group of men or a single man to enter unless a woman is with them . This is especially true mainly for Saudi men , while many non-Saudi men ( especially Western expats ) are allowed in with no problems most of the time . As for restaurants , there are typically two sections : one for families and one for singles , according to the same designation as mentioned before . In a mall McDonald 's for example , there would be two separate lines for men and women . In a standalone McDonald 's restaurant , however , there are two completely segregated sections so the men on their own would not mingle at all with the women and men on the other side .
8 The Movies
Banned : Movie theaters
Movie theaters are prohibited and they are only located within private company compounds , such as theaters at Saudi Aramco residential camps . The usual reason given for banning them is that they allow for men and women to mingle unsupervised , leading to possible immoral actions outside the realm of marriage . For this reason , many Saudis who live close to the island nation of Bahrain drive over there on weekends to watch movies and drink , since alcohol is also prohibited in Saudi Arabia .
7 Bacon !
Banned : Pork
Since Saudi Arabia operates under Islamic law , all food entering the country must be “ halal ” . It is a country that considers all its citizens to be Muslim and any non-Muslim expats have to abide by its strict rules as well . Furthermore , because Saudi Arabia contains the two holy mosques , it considers having any pork inside the country desecration . Many other nations have similar laws restricting access to pork but they have never outright banned it , in order to accommodate their non-Muslim citizens and expats .
6 Music School
Banned : Music classes in public schools
Music is legal in Saudi Arabia and there is an active music industry . However , there are no formal schools to teach music . The general attitude for many religious people is that music is forbidden ; malls and stores do not have music playing through speakers in order not to offend religious customers .
Because of this attitude , schools and universities do not teach music ( curricula have to follow Islamic law ) . Islamic classes have lessons outwardly proclaiming that music is forbidden . Those who master singing or playing an instrument either teach themselves , are taught by a tutor or learn abroad . Despite all this , there is an underground culture of rock bands and concerts hidden away from the eyes of religious officials .
5 Gyms for Girls
Banned : Gyms and sports for women
For a while , private gyms for women were allowed to operate until the Religious Police decided to close them down for good . In girls ' schools and universities , there are no gym classes or sports teams , and therefore there are no professional women 's teams . Saudi Arabia faces a ban from the International Olympic Committee for never sending out any female delegates and the Saudi Olympic Committee was only able to find two girls , one of whom was born and raised and trained in the United States .
4 Every Other God
Banned : Other religions
It is against the law for non-Muslims to worship in public in Saudi Arabia and there are no houses of worship to cater to non-Muslims . The main reason , yet again , is because the two holy mosques are located in the country and that is would be blasphemous for churches or other places of worship to exist there . If anyone converts from Islam or abandons religion , they face the death penalty . The ban is not just limited to places of worship but even extends to personal religious items such as religious books ( Bibles , for example ) and symbols , such as crosses and crucifixes . All of this is in an effort to prevent non-Muslims from sharing their ideas with Muslims and possibly converting them .
3 Women At Work
Banned : Women working in certain jobs
Women are not allowed to do most of the jobs that men can do in Saudi Arabia . Industry-wise , the sole company that employs female engineers is Saudi Aramco , the largest oil company in the world . Other companies would not be allowed to hire women as engineers . Most women work in either education or the medical field . Women have only recently been allowed to work as store clerks or at department stores . At the time of writing , a few hypermarkets have allowed women to work at checkout counters and some department stores have allowed them to work there as well . These companies require employed women to cover their faces at all times while working . One notable place of business where women are absent from is the lingerie store , which are still fully staffed by men .
2 Roaming Women
Banned : Women traveling without permission
Over in Saudi Arabia , women can not travel alone without a specific form or an electronic authorization . This ban is only lifted when a woman turns 45 . Women under 45 must either travel with a husband or father or else hold a permission form signed by a male guardian . Recently , an online travel authorization system was initiated in which the male guardian can make these arrangements less bureaucratic . Many male family members are understanding and allow the women in their families full freedom in leaving or entering the country . However , a good proportion of society views freedom of mobility for women as something that could lead to immorality and thus strictly forbid women in their home from leaving the house , let alone the country .
1 Women Behind the Wheel
Banned : Women driving
This is the most notorious ban involving Saudi women . Women have never been allowed to drive unless they drive in the desert or inside private compounds . Otherwise , families have to hire private drivers to take women to work and elsewhere if the men in the household have no time . The main arguments for preventing women from driving are that it may cause women to leave their houses more often than they need to ( which is frowned upon ) ; they may have interactions with unrelated males and the need to uncover their faces .
Every few years movements rise up calling for women to be allowed to drive , mostly in the form of a protest in which women dare to go out and drive their cars – risking arrest and job security , among other things . A number of women tried to obtain driver 's licenses , but were shocked to find out that the computers at license offices are n't able to look up their information when their ID numbers are entered , as the database only includes men .
This week a small group of dedicated Perl developers are gathering in Chicago for meta : :hack , the first MetaCPAN hackathon . The primary goal is to complete the transition to Elasticsearch v2 , a major undertaking that was started more than a year ago .
Because all the participants are volunteers , this was only possible with sponsorship . Over the next few days we 'll be sharing information about MetaCPAN and the work going on , and acknowledging some of the key sponsors .
This post is brought to you by FastMail , a gold sponsor for meta : :hack . FastMail is a stalwart supporter of the Perl community — they also sponsored the QA Hackathon this year .
MetaCPAN 's beginnings
Like so many good things , MetaCPAN arose out of a conversation in a pub , in October of 2010 . Mark Jubenville and Olaf Alders had been working on an iPhone application for browsing CPAN documentation . At some point they realised that the underlying information could be provided by a web service , and such a service might be useful for other people as well . A group of local mongers provided $ 20 bills to cover cloud hosting and they were off !
One technology suggested on that first night was Elasticsearch , and it looked to be a good fit . Fired up , Olaf spent evenings and weekends for the next 6 weeks implementing a CPAN web service built on Elasticsearch . The MetaCPAN.org domain name was registered in November of 2010 and the API was made public . The project began to snowball , picking up users and enthusiastic contributors and has slowly grown into a resource on which many Perl programmers lean quite heavily .
The Goal
MetaCPAN 's primary purpose is to provide a free web service ( API ) for querying meta-information about CPAN releases , distributions , and modules .
Our secondary purpose is to provide a web interface for end users to search and browse the same information .
Components of MetaCPAN
There are two main services provided by the MetaCPAN project : the search interface ( metacpan.org ) and the API ( api.metacpan.org ) .
Although the need for the API is what started this all off , for many users MetaCPAN is the search interface . For most Perl programmers , the search interface is the Google of CPAN : it provides a simple search box , into which you can type module names , a description of what you want , or concepts . The search interface uses the API to query not only the metadata of CPAN distributions , but also the full text of all modules ' documentation .
For many of us , MetaCPAN is also the way we read documentation for modules , even though we have the documentation installed locally . This is mainly due to the good formatting , but is also made possible by the simple URL structure used .
The API lets you run queries against the database of information about CPAN releases , distributions , modules , authors , and more . This information is aggregated from a range of sources , including PAUSE 's indexes , CPAN Testers , CPANTS , and CPAN ratings . The core information is updated frequently , making the API a key resource for people developing additional CPAN tools ( I regularly write tools where I want to process `` all modules currently on CPAN '' , and the MetaCPAN API makes this kind of query easy ) .
Why Elasticsearch ?
At its root , MetaCPAN is the result of a hobby project which was meant to be a proof of concept for a web service . Elasticsearch was used for the project not only because it allows for powerful and arbitrarily complex searches ( against both metadata and full text ) but also because it provides a RESTish API for free . This allowed MetaCPAN to get up and running incredibly quickly , while immediately giving users the ability to run complex queries themselves .
If the project had required a REST API to be designed from the ground up in addition to providing the powerful types of searches which Elasticsearch provides , it would never have gotten off the ground . Elasticsearch “ just worked ” right out of the box , which allowed the problem at hand to be solved without having to design all of the elements of an API first .
MetaCPAN and the CPAN ecosystem
Because the MetaCPAN API aggregates information about CPAN distributions from a number of sources , it is steadily becoming the one-stop-shop for CPAN tool builders . The following are just some of the services and tools that make use of the API :
cpanminus - one of the most widely-used CPAN clients .
rt.cpan.org - the free bug tracking service ( written in Perl ) that provides bug queues for all CPAN distributions .
alfred-metacpan - an Alfred workflow for finding module documentation .
Perlmodules.net - a web site that lets you track releases of your favourite distributions .
DuckDuckGo MetaCPAN Instant Answer
rpmcpan - a Modern Perl rpm Packager .
matrix.cpantesters.org - provides a tabular view that lets you see how cleanly a distribution tests across different operating systems and versions of Perl . A valuable resource for both CPAN authors and end-users of CPAN modules .
mapofcpan.org - a funky interactive visualisation of CPAN namespaces and the modules in them .
OrePAN2 - lets you build your own mini CPAN , for managing releases of the modules you use .
Test : :DependentModules - a module and test script that let you test all distributions on CPAN that rely on your distribution . Invaluable to check that changes to your module ( s ) are n't going to break anything else on CPAN .
Git : :CPAN : :Patch - allows you to patch CPAN modules using Git .
Hopefully this illustrates how the MetaCPAN API has become a cornerstone of the CPAN ecosystem , and why we 've organised the hackathon this week .
MetaCPAN also provides the ++ system ( like Facebook 's `` like '' , but for CPAN distributions ) , allowing users to upvote modules which are in line with current best practices . It also allows authors to list numerous contact methods on their profiles , making it easier to locate CPAN authors when you need to find them in a hurry . Because it is open source , user contributions are welcomed and encouraged .
About FastMail
FastMail is a commercial hosted email service founded in 1999 , which has established a reputation for technical leadership in the hosted email space , with a focus on security , privacy , and reliability . It is run by FastMail Pty Ltd , an Australian company based in Melbourne . From their early days they 've been users and supporters of Perl , and several of their developers are CPAN authors : BRONG , ROBN , and ROBM ( one of the founders ) . In late 2015 they acquired pobox.com , another hosted mail company and longtime user and supporter of Perl . Pobox 's tech team includes RJBS and WOLFSAGE .
Discover the Texas way to landscape your spread - no matter how large or small . Whether you want butterflies , birds , or buffalo , native plants attract good `` neighbors '' . They 're the natural way to help feed a migratory songbird or cut down on pesticide use in your environment . Native plants take a minimum of care and are ideally suited to the unpredictable whims of Texas weather . Choose our pre-adapted natives instead of those water-guzzling imports .
Seed-Grown Texas Native Plants
Landscape / Revegetation / Consulting We 're celebrating 25 years and invite you to stop by soon . Madrone Nursery is a family-owned and operated Texas native plant resource located less than 10 minutes off of Interstate 35 South outside of San Marcos , Texas . Here on the edge of the Texas Hill Country , we container grow over 300 species of trees , shrubs , grasses , yuccas , vines , and perennials - with an emphasis on selections from the Edward 's Plateau and Trans-Pecos regions of the state . We use a custom , locally adapted soil mix so our stock is ideal for large landscaping and revegetation projects . And because we collect our own seeds from select extra-hardy parents , you 'll find that Madrone Nursery plants will often thrive where others fail . Call us for rare and hard-to-find species , as we are continually introducing promising selections to the Southwest community . In 1994 , owner Dan Hosage , was awarded a U.S. Patent for `` Traveller , '' a weeping form of the Texas Redbud which has received several national horticulture awards . Open by appointment only - so please call ahead at ( 512 ) 353-3944 . Madrone Nursery
2318 Hilliard Road , San Marcos , TX 78666
Phone/Fax : 512-353-3944 Email : madronenursery @ earthlink.net © 2004 - 2011 Madrone Nursery . All rights reserved .
The debate that erupted this week over the relocation of the annual 420 protest has led me to this conclusion : Please , please make marijuana legal as quickly as possible so these people go away .
Imagine , no need to gather by the thousands to demonstrate and demand their Jah-given right to get as baked as they please in public .
No controversy over licences , permits , locations or smoking on beaches .
Story continues below advertisement
Everyone can just stay home , order some extra pizza and scroll through Netflix . You may not even watch anything ; just scroll .
I 'm not exactly sure what it is about the annual 420 pot rallies that rankles me so , but I do know this : As a spokesperson for the event , Jodie Emery is n't doing anything to mellow my rankle . Or is it that she 's rankling my mellow ? Or is it harshing ? Sorry , I 'm not really down with the pot-speak .
I had a conversation with Ms. Emery earlier this week best described as circular – for which I was branded `` a square '' and referred to as `` Daddy-O '' on Twitter . ( For the record , not by Ms . Emery . )
And I get it – in this age of nearly legal marijuana , reminding people that for now , the drug remains illegal is kind of square . I mean , what with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's promise to legalize pot and the city permitting , ahem , medicinal pot shops , we 're well on our way there . There is as well the understandable restraint of police when it comes to enforcement . Nobody wants to see a dude smoking a little reefer hassled by the man , let alone thrown in the slammer .
All of that has emboldened the 420 forces , and sparked a battle between the Park Board and City Hall over the news that this year 's event will move from the lawn of the Vancouver Art Gallery to Sunset Beach Park on English Bay .
The all-business , NPA-dominated Park Board does n't want it there for a number of reasons . Not the least of which is that smoking anything is banned in Vancouver parks and on the city 's beaches . Also , the event is unsanctioned and unpermitted . In fact there 's no way it could be permitted since the core activity happens to be the consumption of an illegal drug . ( This is strikingly similar to the city 's logic when it came to why it could n't regulate medicinal pot shops . It eventually found a way . )
City officials met with organizers to suggest a number of alternative locations since the Art Gallery lawn will coincidentally be out of commission on April 20 . Sunset Beach was not among the locations suggested , but it 's where the party is headed . No one among the Burning Man enthusiasts of the Vision Vancouver council majority is making much of a fuss .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` Going to the beach is great because we 're not shutting down the streets any more , '' Ms. Emery told me in an interview .
It 's true – when the rally took over the Art Gallery lawn , traffic was brought to a standstill through much of the downtown core .
When I asked whether that was an indication that organizers were n't able to control the event , Ms. Emery replied with a question : `` Can you imagine if we were n't there to organize for those 20- to 50,000 people showing up ? It would be chaos . ''
When I suggested that it was already chaos , Ms. Emery told me it 's because the event had outgrown the venue .
The event , as it is , is billed as a celebration and a protest . Cannabis Culture 's website calls it a `` protestival . '' ( Who but a stoned person could come up with that one ? )
But it 's much more than that . It 's also an excellent retail opportunity with 187 booths for rent at a cost of $ 300 each if booked in advance . ( Head to Marc Emery 's Cannabis Culture location to book a booth ! ) Free retail space will be available on a first come , first served basis the day of the event . Jodie Emery says the charge to vendors is to pay for such things as security , washrooms , first aid facilities and so on .
Story continues below advertisement
Alcohol is strictly prohibited , because you know what that does to you .
So are generators – I can only assume because of the potentially harmful smoky exhaust .
For an event that ca n't get a permit and is run by a bunch of stoned people , it is organized – I 'll give them that .
But ask Ms. Emery about smoking where they ought not , and they point to `` full frontal nudity at the Pride Parade '' ( which there is n't ) and `` dogs running around beaches . ''
Um , touché I guess .
Here 's the thing .
Story continues below advertisement
I do n't care . Smoke weed or do n't . Stay home , do n't drive – do n't hurt anybody and do n't do anything to make other people 's lives miserable .
I fear that my hope that legalization will spell the end of 420 will be dashed .
Post-legalization I see it coming back , bigger , better and higher .
And maybe even with a permit .
Stephen Quinn is the host of On the Coast on CBC Radio One , 88.1 FM and 690 AM in Vancouver .
Zahedan , Iran // As Iran 's chief negotiators were in Vienna working on a deal with world powers over the Islamic Republic 's nuclear programme , President Hassan Rouhani was in one of their country 's most troubled provinces consoling the young widow of an Iranian border guard killed by militants .
Amid the vast crowds in an amphitheatre in Zahedan , the capital of Sistan and Baluchestan , Mr Rouhani spoke briefly with Elham Nezamdost , whose husband Jamshid was killed by Jaish-ul-Adl , ( Army of Justice ) a Sunni militant group , after they captured them in early February , while they were patrolling the frontier with Pakistan .
Mr Rouhani , cradled the couple 's baby in their arms as they spoke to the young Omidreza , who was born a month after their father was detained . In the short encounter with the president , Mrs Nezamdost , who appeared overwhelmed by the ordeal , asked Mr Rouhani to continue looking for him , as they still believe their husband is alive .
Mr Rouhani has used their first 8 months in power trying to transform Iran 's relations with the Arab world and the West with the aim of ending their country 's economic isolation .
Last week , however , was all about reinforcing their popularity at home .
On Tuesday , more than 100 ministers , aides , journalists and security guards boarded the Islamic republic 's presidential airplane in Tehran , joining Mr Rouhani on a trip to the country 's largest , most remote and volatile region .
Sistan and Baluchestan , a province about the size of Syria , shares borders with both Pakistan and Afghanistan . The province consists of many ethnic and religious minorities , and is home to several militant groups and heavy drug trafficking . It suffers more violence than any other part of Iran as evidenced by the security surrounding the president , which was much tighter than Mr Rouhani 's previous provincial trips to Khuzestan and Hormozgan . Not only was they surrounded by guards , but four snipers kept watch at all times .
Many Baluchis who do not support local agitators and Sunni militant groups in the province agree with the central government 's contention that foreign forces fund these groups .
Iran accuses a combination of foreign powers , including the United States , Israel and its regional rival , Saudi Arabia , of supporting ethnic Baluch militancy .
“ The development of the region and creating detente with our Sunni neighbouring countries are the only ways to improve security in the province , ” said Narges Barahoi , a Tehran-based expert on Sistan and Baluchestan affairs .
Most people in the province live in mud brick houses . There are no motorways connecting the cities and there is not even a single movie theatre .
“ Poverty itself can be a reason leading to insecurity and riots , ” Ms Barahoi said .
During Mr Rouhani 's intensive two-day trip , they met many government officials , military commanders , Sunni and Shia religious leaders , women 's groups , Baluchi elites , investors , artists , athletes , and families of soldiers killed in the 1980-1988 war with Iraq .
There were also moments of seemingly spontaneous personal connection .
At a local university , a group of female students ran out of a campus building and gathered alongside the road as Mr Rouhani 's car passed . They caught their attention and they got out of the car and spoke with them , listening to their problems and requests .
“ I just asked them to turn our requests for creating new jobs in our city into reality , ” said Farzaneh Afshar , 25 , who is studying to be a teacher . They burst into tears while talking to the president . Ms Afshar said they could not believe they were able to meet the president in person .
Mr Rouhani spent hours listening to officials discussing the problems of the province and its citizens , but such encounters only scratched the surface of Sistan and Baluchistan 's deeply rooted problems .
In an effort to communicate with Iranians in a more efficient way , Mr Rouhani ordered the establishment of a local call centre to record people 's requests and complaints .
The centre was launched during their trip to Sistan and Baluchestan and will stay open permanently .
For the first time in the Islamic Republic 's history , Mr Rouhani 's administration appointed three Sunni Bluchi women as governors of strategically important border towns in Sistan and Baluchestan .
Still , the challenges of the province are vast . And the hope that followed Mr Rouhani 's election is diminishing , as it is in other parts of Iran .
Despite Mr Rouhani 's campaign trail promises to improve Iran 's economic situation , the country 's inflation rate was 34.7 per cent last year . The country is still experiencing instability in its currency and also steep unemployment .
“ He spoke well and made so many good promises , but we are certain that more than half of them will never take place , ” said Hashem Tanha , 62 , a bus driver in the city of Zabol , which borders Afghanistan .
foreign.desk @ thenational.ae
The media 's anti-Trump crusade is backfiring
In their zeal to damage President Trump , news organizations are abandoning objectivity . They are now an advocacy institution where a political agenda supersedes the truth .
As political advocates , media organizations are manipulating news coverage and siding with left-wing organizations such as Media Matters to silence conservative voices , like Sean Hannity .
Ironically , the effort by the media to harm President Trump is generating sloppy reporting , proving the president 's point about the mainstream media and fake news . The push to get President Trump is backfiring because fake-news stories are damaging the reputation of the media .
A recent Quinnipiac Poll reported 58 percent of voters disapprove of media coverage of President Trump and 53 percent feel the media concentrates too much on negative news about the president .
Unsurprisingly , supporters of the president hold a more negative view of the media . According to a new YouGov poll of adults , greater than 60 percent of self-identified Trump supporters feel the media are the enemy of the people .
ABC News was the latest news organization to get caught in fake-news reporting . Last week , ABC News chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross reported President Trump 's former national security adviser Michael Flynn was going to testify that then-candidate Trump directed them to speak to Russians about foreign policy matters .
Ross had the timing wrong . The truth was , Flynn was told to contact the Russians after the election and during the transition period . ABC News said Ross did not follow standard procedures .
It appears Ross was so eager to report on what they thought was the long sought-after “ collusion ” smoking gun , they circumvented the news organization 's “ editorial standard process . ”
Ross got suspended for four weeks without pay and is banned from reporting on President Trump in the future .
CNN 's anti-Trump agenda is also revealing the left-wing political advocacy of its reporters . Jim Acosta , the senior White House correspondent for the network , has openly clashed with the Trump administration over policy and fake news .
Acosta is not holding back regarding their negative feelings about the president .
At the Poynter Journalism Ethics Summit Monday , Acosta defended an advocacy role of the media when they are “ attacked . ”
Meanwhile , CNN senior media correspondent Brian Stelter is taking political advocacy to a new level . During one show , the CNN host charged President Trump limits their interviews to “ Fox News and a couple of Christian broadcasters ” so that they do n't have to answer tough questions .
Stelter is not only a critic of President Trump but , in an unprecedented action , they are aiding an effort to get Sean Hannity fired from Fox News .
Media Matters , the left-wing media advocacy organization , is leading an effort to get advertisers to abandon sponsorship of Hannity 's program on Fox News . Bill O'Reilly lost their job at Fox News because of the success of a similar effort targeting their show 's advertisers .
Following the decision of a number of advertisers to jump from Hannity 's program , Stelter had the president of Media Matters on their CNN program “ Reliable Sources. ” Essentially , Stelter gave Media Matters a free national ad to promote their advocacy against Hannity .
Think about that for a minute . The anti-Trump advocacy is so extreme that a CNN host eagerly partners with an organization in an effort to silence a political and media competitor who supports the president .
President Trump is destroying the credibility of the media by exposing the “ end justifies the means ” mentality of politically motivated advocacy journalism .
Find out what the mainstream media wo n't tell you about President Trump and their administration .
Sign up to get CRTV 's free White House Brief delivered right to your inbox once a day .
The Third Doctor and Jo encounter something nasty in the garden in this month 's Doctor Who - Short Trips story ...
Doctor Who - Gardeners ' Worlds , written by George Mann , directed by Lisa Bowerman and read by Tim Treloar is out today :
Strange occurrences plague the village of Colston Burghley – a mediaeval monument has appeared on the village green , postboxes have disappeared…and there 's trouble in Meredith Bright 's back garden . When Mike Yates finds themselves at a loss , it 's down to the Doctor and Jo Grant to get to the root of the trouble ...
Doctor Who - Gardeners ' Worlds is released today and can be bought for £2.99 on Download .
The twelve stories in this year 's run of Doctor Who - Short Trips can be bought in a subscription for £30 , appearing in your account for download as soon as they 're released . If you 're using the free Big Finish app ( available on Android and Apple devices ) then you can be listening wherever you are within minutes .
The previous years of the Doctor Who - Short Trips releases are collected into bundles and can be found here . And if you did n't see Sunday 's news , in March and April Jago & Litefoot visit the Short Trips range , encountering the Tenth Doctor during the The Jago & Litefoot Revival - corks !
Tim Treloar 's portrayal of the Third Doctor can also be found with Doctor Who - Short Trips : Damascus , and two volumes of Doctor Who - The Third Doctor Adventures - free episodes of which can be downloaded today .
Rare , historic photographs of Louis Riel and Manitoba , taken in the 1860s and 1870s , were found amongst civil war memorabilia at a recent auction in Australia .
A famous print shows Louis Riel ( centre ) surrounded by councillors from the Metis Legislative Assembly of Assiniboia . ( University of Manitoba )
The rare photos were shown to the Manitoba public for the first time on Friday at the University of Manitoba . ( Tiar Wilson/CBC )
The photos , eight of them , are now in part of the archives and special collections at the University of Manitoba . They were shown to the Manitoba public for the first time on Friday .
One shows Louis Riel and a number of their councillors who joined them as part of the Métis Legislative Assembly of Assiniboia .
`` It is likely the earliest print of this well-known image , dating somewhere around 1869 and quite possibly taken by photographer Ryder Larsen , according to the U of M .
The photos , which provide a glimpse into what the Red River settlement looked like , are known as cartes de visites — a type of small photograph patented in Paris , France , in 1854 .
Among them are images of Ojibwa mourners in a graveyard near Lake of the Woods , Man. , and a `` traffic jam '' on dirt tracks at Portage and Main in 1872 .
`` These eight cartes des visites are important acquisitions for the province , '' Shelley Sweeney , head of the U of M 's archives and special collections stated in a news release .
The images and more information about them can be found on the U of M website link at the side of this page .
A meteor flash lit up the sky during a concert in Argentina . NBC 's Brian Williams reports .
A suspected meteor flash wowed observers in Argentina early Sunday — and sparked memories of February 's more serious blast over Russia .
The fireball lit up the night in north and central Argentina at about 3:30 a.m. local time , according to accounts from Argentine news outlets . `` The sky lit up completely for a couple of seconds and interrupted the calm in this area of Argentina , '' BarrioOeste.com reported . Witnesses in Catamarca , Tucuman and Santiago del Estero reported sightings .
Twitter users were buzzing over the fireball : A widely shared amateur video showed the green streak and flash in the background of a concert setting . Britain 's ITV network reported that the footage was captured in Salta as the folk music band Los Tekis performed at an outdoor venue .
Jorge Coghlan , director of the Astronomical Observatory of Santa Fe , told La Gaceta in Tucuman that the object could have been a space rock about 20 centimeters ( 8 inches ) in diameter that entered the atmosphere at high speed . `` This object disintegrated at an altitude high enough to be seen for hundreds of miles , '' Coghlan said .
Other experts estimated the diameter at 40 to 45 centimeters ( 15 to 18 inches ) .
In comparison , the asteroid that came apart over Russia on Feb. 15 was thought to be 17 meters ( 55 feet ) in diameter . That meteor blast created a shock wave that blew out windows and injured more than 1,000 people . No injuries were reported in the wake of the Argentine fireball .
A suspected meteorite in Argentina was caught on camera early Sunday morning , as seen in this video .
More about meteors :
Alan Boyle is NBCNews.com 's science editor . Connect with the Cosmic Log community by `` liking '' the log 's Facebook page , following @ b0yle on Twitter and adding the Cosmic Log page to your Google+ presence . To keep up with Cosmic Log as well as NBCNews.com 's other stories about science and space , sign up for the Tech & Science newsletter , delivered to your email in-box every weekday . You can also check out `` The Case for Pluto , '' my book about the controversial dwarf planet and the search for new worlds .
It 's been a rough couple of weeks for the Mooch .
In a whirlwind affair lasting less than a dozen days , Anthony “ the Mooch ” Scaramucci landed a job as White House communication director , got served with divorce papers from their wife , missed the birth of their son , went on a profanity-laced rant about rival Trump administration colleagues to The New Yorker , and got fired .
Now it looks like their quick ouster from the White House will result in Scaramucci paying millions in taxes that they could have deferred if they still had the job .
In order to take the job in the Trump administration and avoid a conflict of interest , Scaramucci had to sell their stake in Skybridge Capital , the hedge fund they founded . Normally , as USA Today reported , federal employees receive a “ certificate of divestiture ” when selling assets like Scaramucci is doing , allowing them to defer paying capital gains taxes . But apparently , Scaramuccui 's hiring and resignation occurred so quickly that they never received the certificate granting special tax treatment .
Elliot Berke , a lawyer representing Scaramucci , told CNN that their client will pay capital gains taxes at the normal rate of 15 % on the Skybridge Capital sale when the deal is finalized . Scaramucci owns a nearly 44 % stake in the firm , which has an estimated value of over $ 200 million .
Scaramucci should receive between $ 50 million and $ 80 million on the sale , and now that they ca n't defer paying capital gains , he 'll be taxed at 15 % . The bottom line is that it looks like the Mooch will have to pay at least $ 7.5 million , and perhaps as much as $ 12 million , in taxes that they could have put off if they were still employed by the White House .
That 's a pretty steep price to pay for a job that lasted 11 days .
Posted May 12 , 2017 by Maël Nison
Last year was a great time for Javascript newcomers ! A lot of starter-kit projects were published , refined , and some of them eventually went on to offer command line tools dedicated to make project creation easier . One such example is create-react-app , but most frameworks have their own tools , with various flavors and syntaxes .
Despite these tools , one problem remains : Users still need to know how to use their package managers before being able to start a new project . They need to know what 's the difference between global packages and local packages , and how to make sure that the binaries are available from the shell , which can sometimes cause subtle issues . Further , because these globally installed tools need to be manually updated , most projects maintain a small cli wrapper that downloads the latest version of the tool itself . Fortunately , we 're in a position where we can help with this to make building new applications more cohesive :
yarn create < pkg-name >
With yarn create , you can start building apps with many of the existing projects :
yarn create react-app my-app
yarn create react-native-app my-app
yarn create next-app my-app
When ran , the create command will automatically install or update the requested package , prefixing its name with create- . Running yarn create react-app will start by doing the same thing as yarn global add create-react-app . Then , once the package installed , Yarn will run the executable located in the bin field of the newly installed package 's package.json , forwarding to it any remaining command line argument .
It is important to us to keep the feature small and extensible . Yarn should be a lightweight tool and yarn create is no exception : An immediate implication is that the create command is a completely agnostic tool : we make no assumption regarding what you want to create , and delegate all the behavior to the creation- * packages ! It is our hope that the community will come up with creative way to use this tool . Creating apps is but only one thing ! Feel free to make packages that create tests , readmes , changelogs or anything else you want !
Note : The create- prefix is inserted right before the package name . So , for example , if you run yarn create @ ng/app , it will install the @ ng/create-app package , then run it .
Other Improvements
yarn create is but one of the many things we have been working on over the last couple of weeks . Thanks to numerous pull requests from many open source contributors , the recent releases also ship with the following features & improvements :
The offline mirror does not require changes to the yarn lockfile any longer ( # 2970 )
Command-line arguments and environment variables can now be set in the yarnrc file ( # 3033 , # 3218 )
Prepare & prepublish-only lifecycle hooks are now implemented ( # 3004 )
The offline mirror can be pruned if used by a single one of your projects ( # 2836 )
Various improvements for yarn pack ( # 3175 , # 3092 )
The list of all improvements and bugfixes over the last couple of months can be found in our releases section on GitHub . We would specifically like to thank a team from the Delft University of Technology : Tim van der Lippe , Chris Langhout , Gijs Weterings and Chak Shun Yu . The four of them did a fantastic analysis of the Yarn project and sent pull requests to improve it in many areas . They also pointed out gaps in our test coverage , which our new core contributor Simon Vocella has been working on improving .
Planning for Yarn 1.0
Yarn has made substantial improvements since its initial release 7 months ago and the project recently surpassed 1,000 Pull Requests . Currently , we are planning for the 1.0 release of Yarn which is scheduled for this summer and will come with stability improvements , new features and performance wins . To hear more about Yarn 's present and future , please watch Konstantin 's talk about Building High-Quality JavaScript Tools .
We thank each and every one of you for your help to make this project great . If you 'd like to contribute to Yarn , please do n't hesitate to reach out to us on GitHub or on Discord .
Clearing the air on media reports that suggested the linking of Aadhaar to bank accounts was not mandatory , the central bank today clarified that such a linkage was mandatory under government laws .
`` The Reserve Bank clarifies that , in applicable cases , linkage of Aadhaar number to bank account is mandatory under the Prevention of Money-laundering ( Maintenance of Records ) Second Amendment Rules , 2017 published in the Official Gazette on June 1 , 2017 , '' RBI said in a statement on its website .
`` These rules have statutory force and , as such , banks have to implement them without awaiting further instructions , '' RBI added .
This comes in light of a report in news portal Moneylife , which , based on the Reserve Bank 's reply to its Right to Information query , said that the central bank had not mandated linking of the unique 12-digit biometric identity Aadhaar number to bank accounts .
The RBI 's clarification thus points to the central government 's Gazette Notification GSR 538 ( E ) dated June 1 , 2017 under the Prevention of Money laundering ( Maintenance of Records ) Second Amendment Rules , 2017 , mandates every individual `` who is eligible to enroll for an Aadhaar number '' to submit it , along with a PAN card , to the reporting authority .
`` Provided that where an Aadhaar number has not been assigned to a client , the client shall furnish proof of application of enrolment for Aadhaar and in case the Permanent Account Number is not submitted , one certified copy of an 'officially valid document ' shall be submitted , '' the rules say .
Every person who has been allotted PAN as on the 1st day of July shall intimate their Aadhaar number to the tax authorities , a notification from revenue department had said in the June notification .
It had added , `` The Central Government or , as the case may be , the State Government may , for the purpose of establishing identity of an individual as a condition for receipt of a subsidy , benefit or service for which the expenditure is incurred from , or the receipt therefrom forms part of , the Consolidated Fund of India ( CFI ) , require that such individual undergo authentication , or furnish proof of possession of Aadhaar number ... ''
This would cover central government schemes and services like MNREGA or issuance of passports . The deadline to do so is December 31 .
Earlier , the Centre had made it mandatory for more than 50 centrally-sponsored schemes , even as the Supreme Court restricted usage of Aadhaar for six other schemes where the Centre is providing benefits or subsidy to individuals .
Experts have questioned the legality of the action and have moved the apex court alleging contempt of its orders .
The Supreme Court is expected to hear several linked cases on Aadhaar in November .
Summary : UX professionals produce a wide variety of deliverables : 11 different deliverable formats were used by at least half the respondents in our study . Deliverables rated the most effective varied substantially by target audience .
UX work happens in many different contexts , from very lean startups that employ Agile methodologies and embrace little documentation , to consulting engagements for third-party clients , all the way to large corporate or government environments with strict process and documentation requirements . What unites these very different work environments is the need for UX professionals to communicate design ideas , research findings , and the context of projects to a range of audiences . Though we often communicate our work in conversation with others , deliverables help us document work for discussion , presentation , implementation , and later reference .
Deliverables and Artifacts
Let 's back up a moment and discuss exactly what we mean by the word deliverables .
Traditionally , in the context of user experience , a deliverable is a document that serves as a record of work that has occurred . The deliverables for a project are the tangible record of the work that occurred , whether that work was research or design . Some of the classic deliverables that come out of UX work are usability-test reports , wireframes and prototypes , site maps , personas , and flowcharts .
In many cases ( especially when working in consulting engagements ) , the deliverables are agreed upon before the work begins , and are noted in a contract or statement of work ; however , in other cases they are created as needed to communicate specific ideas throughout a project 's lifecycle . According to our research , 82 % of UX professionals collaborate with other team members on the deliverables they produce .
( Even though the very word “ deliverable ” may be more commonly used when working with an outside party — such as a consultant or design agency — that is paid to “ deliver ” something , for our purposes internal documentation also counts as deliverables . Even if you 're a solitary UX person who produces a document for your own delectation , it 's a deliverable . )
Since UX work takes place in such widely differing environments , the types of deliverables vary hugely , from formal reports and presentations , all the way to whiteboard sketches that only get documented when someone takes pictures with a smartphones and emails them to the team . We communicate so many different things that we often need to use different levels of polish to make our point clearly with different audiences . In the past , there was often a need to draw a distinction between formal deliverables that were long , carefully crafted and edited documents , and the piecemeal artifacts that naturally emerged in the course of UX work .
However , as more and more companies adopt an Agile or Agile-like workflow that deprioritizes documentation , there is ever more reason to share our less polished artifacts with team members , project stakeholders , executives , developers , and clients .
Most Frequently Produced Deliverables
We recently ran a survey with 86 UX professionals , asking them about the deliverables they produce on a regular basis , and the audiences with whom they share them .
One interesting finding is that even the 83 % of respondents who worked in an Agile environment ( or employ a hybrid workflow that uses Agile features ) still regularly produced deliverables in their workflow , although the Agile methodology deemphasizes unnecessary documentation , and considers it a form of waste . This is a clear indication that Agile is n't deliverable-free — it just refocuses those efforts towards more useful deliverables and away from reports that tended to not be widely read .
For each type of deliverable , respondents were asked how frequently they produced it , from “ often , ” to “ never. ” The most frequently produced deliverables are listed in the chart below . While these deliverables tended to be produced most frequently , as we 'll see later , not all of them were perceived as being equally useful for all audiences .
Unsurprisingly , the classic types of UX deliverables were the most popular , with wireframes , prototypes , flowcharts , site maps , and usability/analytics reports being the five most frequently produced . Interestingly , style guides and pattern libraries ( a relatively new type of UX deliverable that has become popular among Agile teams ) was very close behind usability/analytics reports , with 61 % of respondents saying they produce it either “ often ” or “ sometimes . ”
Which Deliverable for Which Audience ?
In our survey , UX professionals were also asked which deliverables were the most effective for several different audiences . For each of the intended audiences , our respondents were asked to select up to 4 types of deliverables that they found effective .
1 . Internal Management
As illustrated in the Figure 3 below , when it came to communicating with managers and internal stakeholders , our respondents most frequently chose interactive prototypes and usability/analytics reports .
Interactive prototypes offer an interactive experience that 's most reflective of the final product , and , thus , are a powerful tool for showing what the user experience will ultimately be like . Usability reports and other research information were also found to be an especially useful with management , since these present clear evidence for the specific UX recommendations being made .
Only 25 % of our respondents found pixel-perfect visual mockups to be a useful tool to communicate ideas to their managerial audiences . Considering how frequently we hear from UX professionals that they feel pressure to present high-fidelity visual designs to their stakeholder audiences , it 's interesting that these are n't seen as especially effective deliverables for communicating ideas to internal management .
2 . Third-Party Clients
However , when working with external client audiences , pixel-perfect mockups were one of the most frequently selected deliverables , with 47 % of respondents choosing a high-fidelity mockup as effective . The only deliverables more frequently selected for client work were interactive prototypes ( 67 % ) . This suggests that when working with external client audiences who may have a limited level of experience with UX deliverables , a premium is still placed on visual design , and that for this type of stakeholder , there is a perceived advantage in showing functionality , information architecture , and interaction design embedded in beautiful and realistic mockups .
3 . Developers and Engineers
When it came to communicating ideas to developers ( both for collaboration and for delivering specifications for implementation ) , again , interactive prototypes were chosen as being the most effective . Other deliverables less helpful with other stakeholder audiences were much more popular for engineers : specifically flowcharts , site maps , and style guides . These types of deliverables are focused strongly on structural details and interaction specifics that are critical for implementation purposes , so it comes as no surprise that these are especially useful when communicating with developers .
Lessons Learned
Some clear trends emerged from these data : interactive prototypes are the most popular deliverable across multiple different target audiences , and most UX professionals consider them an effective communication tool for convincing these audiences to move forward with a plan . We did draw a distinction between static wireframes and interactive prototypes in our survey , and a fascinating fact emerged : static wireframes were the most frequently produced deliverable overall ( 71 % of respondents produced static wireframes “ often ” ) , but were not chosen in the top 4 most effective deliverables for any audience .
This suggests that noninteractive wireframes tend to be artifacts that UX professionals produce for their own benefit , whether as a natural part of their design process , or for use in usability testing , but those same people do n't frequently share them with others . However , interactive prototypes ( at varying levels of visual , interactive , and content fidelity ) give audiences a feel for the product 's user experience , and so they 're less abstract representations than block-diagram wireframes .
Usability reports are one of the core deliverables for most audiences , with the notable exception of developer audiences . Presumably , this indicates that the respondents often did n't have as much of a need to convince developers that usability issues exist , and that deliverables for this audience focused on technical and implementation details .
What these data also make clear is that , outside of prototypes , there is no one-size-fits-all deliverable that will be equally effective with every type of audience . Each type of deliverable is an available tool in the UX professional 's toolbox , and it can become an effective communication tool in the right context and with the right audience .
Get more findings from this research in our full-day course “ UX Deliverables ” and learn more about the most popular formats in the full-day course “ Wireframing and Prototyping . ”
MANILA , Philippines – Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) fighter Carlos Condit had fond impressions of their stay in the country after their three-day promotional tour .
The 30-year-old Condit has been around the metro since Thursday , holding a series of press conferences , meet-and-greet sessions and a public workout .
“ UFC has a huge fan base here . It feels great to be in Manila and entertain everybody in attendance , ” they said in front of thousands of mixed martial arts ( MMA ) fans who flocked to the Trinoma Activity Center in Quezon City on Saturday afternoon , November 8 for their open training .
Known by the nickname “ The Natural Born Killer ” because 27 of their 29 wins have come by way of stoppage , Condit ( 29-8 ) initially made waves in the now-defunct World Extreme Cagefighting ( WEC ) , where they captured the promotion 's welterweight strap by stopping Hiromitsu Miura by fourth-round technical knockout at WEC 35 in August 2008 .
After the world 's premier MMA organization merged with WEC , Condit had their first Octagon appearance in April 2009 at UFC Fight Night 18 , where they dropped a close split decision against Martin Kampmann .
Following the disappointing defeat to Kampmann , Condit bounced back with a split decision victory over Jake Ellenberger and earned three-straight knockouts over the likes Rory MacDonald , Dan Hardy and Dong Hyun Kim , establishing themselves as a contender for the UFC welterweight championship .
Due to the absence of then-champion Georges St-Pierre courtesy of a knee injury , Condit faced Nick Diaz for the interim title at UFC 143 in February 2012 .
The 6-foot-1 Jackson-Wink MMA representative was awarded with a controversial unanimous decision to bring home the belt and set a title unification bout with St-Pierre .
Condit squared off with St-Pierre at UFC 154 in November 2013 , but they bowed down to the talented French-Canadian combatant via five-round verdict .
Since their setback to St-Pierre , they had several attempts to re-insert their name in the championship lottery , yielding to Johny Hendricks via unanimous decision at UFC 158 in March 2013 before knocking out Kampmann in a rematch at UFC Fight 27 five months later .
Condit was last seen in action at UFC 171 this past March when they tore their anterior cruciate ligament ( ACL ) in the middle of a rough three-round tussle versus Tyron Woodley , which resulted to a technical knockout loss as they were unable to continue the bout .
Although they are still undergoing rehab for their ACL injury , Condit showed no indication that the impediment would slow them down during the public workout as they delivered powerful foot-strikes onto the kicks pads .
Condit eyes a return by first quarter of 2015 as they had been cleared recently to resume their MMA training and sparring .
“ I ca n't wait to return inside the Octagon and get another title shot . My knee is doing well right now . I 'm looking at first quarter of next year , ” they stated .
A headliner in four previous UFC events , Condit is open to the idea of fighting in the Philippines .
“ With this kind of reception , there is a huge possibility that the UFC will come here to hold an event . I am willing to fight here in the Philippines . I love how you appreciate the sport , ” Condit said .
The UFC was reportedly aiming to stage a fight card in the archipelago nation this year , but head honcho Dana White publicly disclosed in May that the venture has been delayed .
However , White did not specifically elaborate on the reasons why the promotion has been unable to operate on Philippine shores , but other international markets such as Singapore and Macau have opened in the meantime .
The Zuffa-owned company has long held interest in the Philippines , with plans for a “ The Ultimate Fighter ” season based in the country being talked about as early as 2011 . - Rappler.com
Manama : Kuwait 's public prosecution on Tuesday referred 26 defendants , including one Iranian national , for trial over the possession of weapons , ammunition and explosives and espionage for Iran and Lebanon 's Hezbollah group .
The prosecution said that 23 people would be remanded in custody and that the other three , still at large , would be tried in absentia .
It said that 24 defendants faced charges of engaging in acts likely to undermine the unity and safety of Kuwait and of intelligence with Iran and Lebanese group Hezbollah .
The espionage activities included perpetrating antagonistic acts against Kuwait by smuggling explosives , machine gun , firearms , ammunition and spying devices .
The prosecution added that 22 defendants received paramilitary training on using explosives , weapons and ammunition for illegal purposes . They were also charged with the illegal possession of explosives , machine guns and firearms .
One defendant was charged with hiding a machine gun , firearms and ammunitions and their illegal possession , while 11 were charged with illegally possessing communication devices .
The prosecution said that several defendants would be tried for joining Hezbollah , a group that aims to spread principles that undermine the existing regime and take over the social and economic systems through the use of force . They were also charged with assisting in the training of other defendants on the use of explosives and weapons .
The court will decide on the date of the trail , the public prosecution said .
Kuwait last month said it broke up a terror cell and seized large amounts of weapons , ammunition and explosives . Officials linked the cell to Iran 's Revolutionary Guard and Hezbollah .
Donald Cerrone lives their life to the fullest and does so with a smile on their face . When Conor McGregor becomes the topic of conversation `` Cowboy 's '' demeanor hits a different gear.This was never more apparent than during a recent appearance on the Norton & Friends show , which just so happened to be one day removed from the UFC 205 press conference where fans saw McGregor hold court in front of fans , media and fellow fighters . `` I get annoyed when [ McGregor ] wants to talk about ( how ) he 's the 'best in the world and I 'll fight anybody ' blah blah blah , but when it comes time , like , there 's a lot that people do n't know about , right ? '' said Cerrone . `` ( It 's ) behind the scenes stuff , but I know . I knew he 's like , 'Yeah , no no no no , ' ( to a fight with me ) 'cause we were trying . And I did n't even want to negotiate more money . I said , ' F * * k you , let 's go . I 'll fight you for whatever . ' '' This dude , ( it 's the ) same thing like last night : He 's good when cameras are on talking sh * t. You get them in the back , they do n't say anything . F * * k no . I 've been in the back many times with him . `` Cerrone ( 30-7 ) has yet to taste defeat since making the jump up to 170 pounds . In their most recent fight , the Jackson-Winkeljohn product finished veteran Rick Story at UFC 202 . This marked the third straight stoppage win for Cerrone . They previously submitted Alex Oliveira at UFC Fight Night 83 and scored a violent TKO over Patrick Cote at UFC Fight Night 89.Jun 18 , 2016 ; Ottawa , Ontario , Canada ; Donald Cerrone ( red gloves ) reacts after their welterweight bout against Patrick Cote ( not pictured ) during UFC Fight Night at TD Place Arena . Mandatory Credit : Marc DesRosiers-USA TODAY SportsFamously living up to their nickname , Cerrone has become one of the most beloved fighters on the UFC roster for seemingly taking fights without inquiring who , when , or where . With this in mind , Cerrone revealed the UFC actually offered them a fight against McGregor , not once , but twice . `` Last night [ at the UFC 205 press conference ] I was going to get on the horn and start getting after him , but I decided not to because you talk about him , he… two times I had the obligation to fight them and they turned it down and took the easier fight , '' said Cerrone . `` When they fought Diaz for the first time [ at UFC 196 ] , I just fought . So it was Sunday , I was flying home , Dana calls and asked me if I 'd like to fight Conor , and that was for the ( first Diaz ) fight . They declined me and took Diaz 'cause Diaz was in Mexico , you know , ( he ) took the fight on 10 days notice or whatever . But why would they want to fight me coming off a win ? So yeah , my name was in the hat . Conor and their people did n't pick me . `` Cerrone is expected to challenge Kelvin Gastelum at UFC 205 Nov. 12 in Madison Square Garden . This event will mark the UFC 's first event in the state of New York since the ban on MMA was lifted in March . They will enter the bout with 23 career stoppage wins , including 16 by way of submission .
The Possession of Michael King
Directed by David Jung , 83 min , 22 August 2014
The Possession of Michael King is a found footage horror film . It follows the titular Michael King ( Shane Johnson ) , a bitter atheist who , following the tragic death of their wife in a freak accident , sets out to make a documentary disproving the supernatural .
“ The cameras will be rolling on me , 24/7 , ” King says in the prologue , “ In the hopes that , if I encounter anything , anything at all , I will have found the first ever documented proof . I 'm the testing ground — me , Michael King . So God , or the Devil , if you 're out there , prove it . Come and get me . ”
Things quickly take a turn for the sinister as Michael King tumbles down the rabbit hole of the dark arts , leaving sanity and consensus reality behind .
King puts out an ad on the Internet looking for claims of the existence of the supernatural , which puts them in touch with a wide array of nutters and serious occultists in the film 's strongest segment . They first visit a dying exorcist who recounts a chilling tale of childhood sexual abuse . Seems they had a sneaking stepfather who would visit them night after night . The young boy would pray to God to intervene , to stop their suffering , but they never did , so they began to pray to the Devil , claiming they would do anything to stop the abuse . Shortly thereafter , the stepfather dropped dead .
King , ever the skeptic , claims sympathy , but asks how the exorcist knew it was n't just a coincidence . “ Because , ” the exorcist replies , “ I began to hear him . Calling out to me . When they call your name , do n't ever answer , because then he 'll know you 're listening , and they will never let you go. ” This vignette is just a slight taste of the sound metaphysical advice that occurs around the margins of this marginalized film .
Michael King continues to use themselves as a testing grounds for hardcore ritual , from Satanism to necromancy , predictably resulting in theirs being inhabited by a demon , Bahamgore , “ Commander of 37 legions , seeker of the defenceless , the weak-spirited , the non-believer . Known also as the destroyer of thought , breeder of ants . stealer of children . They come , accompanied by the sound of cacophonous music , staying with the conjurer until tormentum un dementia. ” ( Tortured unto madness . )
From here on out , it 's a pretty connect-the-dots kind of scenario , as the demon begins to possess King 's body and strip them of all that they love , ultimately seeking to claim their young daughter , their pride and joy , the unbearably precious Ladybug .
While the film may be too predictable to feel legitimately horrific , it is a damn fine horror film , with plenty of occult trappings and gritty , macabre ambiance to keep the horror devotee going . And while we may have seen things like this before , like when the demon begins to use King as their rag doll , throwing them around and forcing them to carve an inverted pentagram into their chest , still — you know this is one bad mother , and all hope for King is mostly lost . It 's chilling and kind of hilarious when King tries to train themselves as an exorcist when it 's far , far too late .
While the ending may be somewhat predictable , especially considering the origins of the idea in the first place . Filmmaker David Jung had the thought of making a movie like The Shining , that showed every step of the progression into madness . So while we 've seen the mad ogre father before , this performance by Shane Johnson shows why this movie is worth seeing . Johnson 's possession is full-blown body horror , where the actor switches between looking like a puppet , with its strings being jerked , and a wild , bloodthirsty . The image of a father scenting the breeze like a bloodhound , hunting their own daughter , is particularly unnerving and bestial . Only a last minute intercession , by the forces of faith , allow King a chance for final redemption — the closest approximation of a “ happy ending ” this film is capable of .
The Possession of Michael King received almost universal disdain from the critics , with Roger Ebert claiming the movie “ goes through all the machinations of a found footage possession film with about as much creative spark as an apathetic teen checking off a list in a film class that they hate. ” While it is true that the film could be read as a laundry list of found footage horror tropes , this overlooks the film 's charms . Yes , perhaps it does rely on volume-controlled jump scares , and , yes , perhaps Michael King 's insistence on filming everything as they plunge into the shadow realm does stretch the suspension of disbelief a bit thin , but the film is swathed in a sinister , menacing atmosphere , which is driven home by a truly arresting performance by Shane Johnson .
Critics love to hate horror films . Genre works are very rarely taken seriously . But for those of us who love horror , that get off on the pitch black ambiance , the titillating presence ( or absence ) of the supernatural — for those of us that get giddy seeing Baphomet or the Necronomicon on screen , The Possession of Michael King yields deeper rewards .
One reason for the continuing fascination with horror is the possibility of the supernatural . We 're willing to brave cursed mansions and blasted landscapes for a glimpse of the sublime , even if we risk eternal damnation to do so . And for many of us who were not fortunate enough to have been raised Pagan or in some Thelemic cabal , our first introduction to the metaphysical is often through pop culture , be it film , fiction , music , or comic books . It is in this regard where The Possession Of Michael King truly shines , as the film features some of the most authentic ritual captured on camera this side of a Kenneth Anger film . It serves as an outstanding cautionary tale , an illustration of metaphysical practices , and their possible ramifications .
As King throws down the gauntlet , taunting and mocking infernal powers , they visit a number of practitioners of different faiths . One of the film 's most effective moments is when they subject themselves to a Satanic ritual , high on LSD-laced grape Kool-Aid . The demonologist gives them the low down on what 's about to go down :
There are two prevalent methods for summoning demons . The first is by offering the demon something up front : a human life , continued servitude , your own soul . I do n't recommend those paths as , once performed , they 're very hard to undo . The second path entails creating the kind of frenetic atmosphere demons are drawn to : chaos , blood , sex , violence .
The Satanic ritual that follows is one of the most realistic , and crazy , I 've seen on film , and the scene as a whole could serve as a primer on modern magick 101 . You 've got the drug-fueled gnosis . You 've got automatic drawing . You 've got sigilization , and charging that sigil with sexual fluids . For somebody looking for a very basic , “ I want to work my first magical ritual , what should I do ? ” I would probably show them this scene , to start . ( Hopefully would n't scare them away for good . )
The necromantic ritual is even crazier , and has Michael King smoking DMT in a graveyard with a dead man 's teeth sewn to their belly , intended to lure the man 's spirit into King 's body . That 's some pretty witchy stuff ! And I was also glad to see some necromancy of film , as it is often overlooked and ignored in the canon ( which is touched upon in the film ) .
Lastly , the main reason why this film is important , apart from being an enjoyable horror film , is to serve as an illustration and possible visualization about what mucking about with the dark arts can do , especially when you have absolutely no idea what you 're doing .
While The Possession Of Michael King gets blatantly supernatural pretty quickly , there is a brief period where you wonder if they are just flipping out and going crazy . The jury is still out as to what exactly ghosts , demons , angels , and elementals are , or if they even exist . In my personal opinion , you do n't even have to believe in the objective existence of such things to still make an effective mage . Because while they may or may not exist in molecular reality , they definitely do exist in the realm of the mind . They exist if we make them exist , and they have power if we give them power .
There 's no telling if invoking demons is just summoning the darkest parts of our selves , looking at the ugly bits that are already there that we do n't like to admit , or if we 're opening a portal to some infernal dimension . There was a period in my life when I was much more glib about such things , stapling Goetic circles of evocation to my bedroom walls , and hanging out with people who were openly practicing black magick . While I can not comment on what effect those experiments and negative vibrations may have had , I can say that almost that entire group of friends , myself included , either went crazy or went to jail , or some combination of both . There were maggots in the kitchen , and bats in the living room . A cat was hung from the neck . Churches were robbed .
Make of all of that what you will , but I think it 's safe to say that not much good came from out of all of that darkness . This is no moralistic jingo , however . This is merely a friendly reminder , courtesy of Shane Johnson and David Jung , to be careful ! To look into what you 're playing with . Not to be so glib and dismissive . Rituals create a potent subconscious atmosphere ; seeds are planted in the deep dark . Everything you do on this Earth , and beyond , has an effect , and the mind , heart , and spirit are particularly susceptible .
Have you seen The Possession of Michael King ? What did you think ? Did your first introductions to the occult came from horror movies and books ?
Footnotes :
What about the children 's day care workers ? If they smoke it and their senses are dulled by its use and they drop little Johnny on their head , whose fault is it now ? If it 's legalized , there is no crime and no recourse for problems it causes . You may be able to sue for a wrongful death or injuries incurred , but other than that there 's been no crime .
...
The same situation will apply if the driving under the influence of it causes an accident . The police ca n't intervene on a situation that is n't a crime . Please think about these things , it is a big deal and it opens a can of worms that we will pay for the rest of our lives . [ emissourian.com ]
You may think legalizing marijuana is such a great idea , but what if it 's actually the worst idea ever ? Here 's someone who believes the latter , and they 've written a letter to their local newspaper explaining why .
If even one sentence of this impressively incoherent editorial made any sense at all , I suppose I 'd be in a different line of work . Heck , I might even be dead . We might all be dead , slaughtered ironically by the very people whose job it was to care for us while our parents were at work . After all , at the risk of terrifying the above editorial 's author , marijuana is already being grown , sold , and smoked in every neighborhood in America ( except the South Bronx , where they 've now captured every single offender ) .
Fortunately , things are n't actually that bad in real life , especially if you 're not a paranoid idiot . For example , our foremost concerns about bad things happening at day care centers can be resolved satisfactorily in almost every case simply by choosing a facility with a good reputation for not killing the children .
What we have here , and it 's hardly a rarity in the marijuana debate , is a bit of a mix up between the rather divergent concepts of legalizing simple possession of marijuana vs. legalizing extraordinary acts of recklessness or insanity whose perpetrator happens to have consumed marijuana prior to the incident . The idea is that walking down the street with a gram of pot in your pocket would no longer be a crime . Walking down the street throwing snakes at people and screaming voodoo curses would still be illegal , but the amount of pot in your pocket at the time would be considered irrelevant at trial .
In other words , the answer to the question `` whose fault is it now ? '' would be the same after legalization as before . If you drop a kid , crash a car , or throw a snake at somebody , it 's your fault . If marijuana was involved , it 's still your fault for consuming marijuana , not marijuana 's fault for being consumed by you . That 's the rule for alcohol , and in case anyone somehow managed not to notice , it has yet to turn our day care centers into drunken death camps .
For once , Donald Trump is right : John McCain is not a war hero just because they were a prisoner of war in Vietnam .
Over the weekend , Trump told the Family Leadership Summit in Ames , Iowa , that McCain is “ not a war hero . He 's a war hero because they were captured . I like people who were n't captured . ”
Trump 's remarks were immediately denounced by one and all . The reaction was quick and brutal , but also wrong .
See : Donald Trump not sorry for McCain comments , not dropping out
Let 's be clear : Sen. John McCain was extremely brave and resourceful in captivity . They were repeatedly tortured . They suffered unimaginable pain and deprivation while a prisoner . They live with that physical and psychic pain every day .
While they were a prisoner , McCain displayed great courage and a noble character , refusing at one point to accept an early release . But they also broke down under the pressure and signed a “ confession ” that the North Vietnamese used for propaganda purposes .
That does n't make them a hero .
It used to be that a war hero had to accomplish something dramatic or noble , like saving their fellow soldiers at great personal risk , or inflicting significant casualties on the enemy at great personal risk . A hero used to be someone who inspired their comrades and instilled fear and envy in the enemy .
But the bar has been lowered . Nowadays a hero can be anyone who puts on a uniform , no matter how they act or what they accomplish . It 's the act of joining the military — not acts of noble heroism — that makes a modern-day hero .
I suppose it 's the patriotic version of the trend that 's been building over the past few decades of making sure everyone feels like a winner . We honor participation instead of accomplishment . Instead of recognizing real feats — like winning a sports championship or mastering a difficult academic subject — we give everyone a medal for showing up .
That 's what we 've done to John McCain . And we 're doing it to everyone who serves in the military , whether they behave as heroes or not . ( Incidentally , we also put celebrities and billionaires on a pedestal , no matter whether they are saintly or slimy . )
Of course we should recognize the sacrifices these men and women in uniform make , but we should reserve words like “ hero ” for exceptional people who accomplish extraordinary things with great courage .
Perhaps it was less confusing when we believed our military was fighting for a noble cause , as we did in World War II .
But the war McCain fought in Vietnam was not a noble cause . They participated in the greatest aerial bombardment of any country up to that time , but what did they and the other American pilots accomplish ? The bombing campaign did n't win the war ; it merely prolonged it .
We 've fought a few more pointless wars since then . And each time we struggle as a nation to put some meaning into those wars . What do we say to those whom we 've asked to make the ultimate sacrifice , those who killed and died for a cause that was n't worth killing or dying for ?
We call them heroes . It helps us forget .
NEW YORK , NY - JULY 22 : ( Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images )
Democratic candidates in the presidential race are extolling the virtues of a higher minimum wage , and not just for workers at the bottom of the pay scale . Party front-runner Hillary Clinton included a higher ( but unspecified ) minimum wage in their package of economic proposals , all aimed at raising the “ real incomes of everyday Americans. ” I rivals Bernie Sanders and Martin O'Malley have endorsed a $ 15-an-hour minimum nationwide , as part of broad strategies to lift workers from poverty and expand the middle class .
If you 're a worker earning the minimum , it 's easy to see how a higher minimum wage would boost your pay ( provided your employer does n't eliminate your job to save costs ) . But how might raising the wage push other , higher-paid workers toward the middle class ? You would need what some researchers call a `` ripple effect , '' where employers respond to a minimum-wage hike by raising wages for more experienced employees , too , in order to keep them ahead of their entry-level colleagues .
In theory , that `` ripple effect '' could be large enough to bump some workers from the high end of poverty and into the lower reaches of the middle class .
In recent years , though , there 's not much evidence of that happening . An analysis by the economic research group EMSI shows no correlation between metro areas who raised their minimum wages between 2010 and 2014 and the cities that added the most `` living-wage '' jobs , which begin at the low end of what many economists consider middle class .
EMSI also found little correlation between the pace of job growth in an area and whether the area increased its minimum wage . This suggests that , in recent years at least , minimum-wage hikes have n't been the job killers that some economists fear .
“ For cities with a minimum-wage increase , we found that the change in minimum wage could have an effect on percentage job growth — but definitely does not have an effect on the share of living wage jobs , ” said EMSI spokesperson Josh Wright . “ This is likely because most occupations that pay at or above the living wage are n't affected by any changes to minimum wage laws . ''
In other words , raising the wage for fast food workers does n't make it more likely that plumbing companies — which already pay a little more — will boost their salaries , too .
Both those conclusions will be tested in the years to come , though , because a wave of cities has recently passed much more aggressive minimum-wage increases . The hikes of the last several years were relatively small , compared to , say , Los Angeles 's move to a $ 15-an-hour minimum . Much larger increases at the bottom could lead to a stronger ripple effect that pushes more workers up into the middle class . They could also force more employers to cut jobs overall , to save costs .
Comparing cities in Florida and Minnesota illustrates how middle-class job growth and minimum wage increases have n't gone hand in hand over recent years .
Between 2010 and 2014 , Florida raised its minimum wage by 68 cents , to $ 7.93 . In most of the state 's metropolitan areas , including Orlando , Pensacola , Tallahassee and Sarasota , only between 18 and 25 percent of new jobs paid the local living wage for two adults and one child , which is to say a salary that would put the household in the lower middle class .
That 's partly because while Florida added jobs during the economic recovery , the growth came disproportionately in the hospitality industry , which tends to pay near the bottom of the wage scale .
“ I do n't think there 's a magic wand in terms of getting people to a living wage , ” says Sean Snaith , head of the Institute for Economic Competitiveness at the University of Central Florida . “ I think the increase in the minimum wage in Florida has not triggered some larger scale rise in wages across the board . ”
Compare that to Minneapolis-St. Paul , Minn. , where the minimum wage stayed the same as the federal minimum from 2010-2014 . ( Minnesota has since decided to raise it ) . There , a full 60.9 percent of new jobs paid the living wage for the area . Part of that may have to do with the large number of healthy and growing company headquarters in the area , which generate relatively well-paid corporate office jobs .
That 's an extreme contrast , but the point is this : In recent years , whether or not an area creates more living wage jobs has more to do with its underlying economic makeup than where it sets its minimum wage .
Even the research that looks at the spillover effect of minimum wage in other periods finds that it only meaningfully impacts the bottom 10 to 25 percent of the workforce , with diminishing influence as you move up the pay scale . That 's because employers usually react to minimum wage hikes by giving a smaller raise to those making just above the minimum , and an even smaller raise to the people right above that , etc . — just enough to maintain a differential . That effectively compresses workers at the bottom end of the wage distribution , but it does n't move many people into what could be considered “ middle class ” pay .
“ There 's a decreasing increase so that you can maintain equity across the different wage levels , ” says Charles Fay , a compensation expert at Rutgers ' School of Management and Labor Relations .
People with more experience need to make more than people who just got hired , they say , to avoid upsetting employees — which appears to have been the consequence of Wal-Mart 's wage hike , for example .
Liberal activists are hoping , after successful campaigns to pass $ 15 an hour minimum wages in liberal cities like Seattle and San Francisco , that more dramatic hikes at the bottom will push more workers into the middle .
Of course , the magnitude of the impact could run both ways . While employers might boost everybody up the payscale to keep the wage ladder intact , it 's also possible that they 'll hold a larger number of employees to the new minimum wage in order to keep a handle on labor costs -- or just reduce employment overall .
“ With larger minimum wage increases affecting more workers , we might expect employers to be more constrained , ” says David Neumark , a professor at the University of California-Irvine whose research has poured the most water on the idea that the minimum wage will raise incomes without adverse employment effects . `` Thinking that the minimum wage is a path to growing the middle class is , in my view , completely unfounded . ''
Nevertheless , Democratic candidates have big incentives to push for minimum wage hikes this campaign . Doing so is as popular as any economic proposal they might offer , with at least 60 percent support across the board . As the evidence rolls in from the bold experiments currently underway , that support could shift in either direction — but probably not before voters elect the next president .
EMC { code } is proud to announce the first release of a new internal project called Goair ! Goair represents a CLI application written in Go for vCloud Air services . There are a lot of very cool DevOps oriented nuggets to the project that may be useful , so please read ahead . You can also skip straight to the Github repo for the details !
If you track back a month , the team released the Core2F guidelines , which focused on outlining an end-to-end process for running CoreOS inside of VMware 's vCloud Air ( vCA ) On-Demand services .
The desire with the Core2F project was to enable a simple method of filling fundamental requirements in vCloud Air in order to run CoreOS images . This involved continuously grabbing the newest images , customizing them with security credentials , and updating a vCA catalog . In addition , the deployment of the images was detailed .
So what 's the beef here , running CoreOS in other public clouds is easy , why a special project ? vCA represents a slightly different take on Public Cloud and sometimes termed “ Enterprise Public Cloud ” , where it is more of an inside-out view compared to other public cloud players . For example , networking is extremely advanced , but by default is not open to public access . Also , since vCA is focused on extending a data center from Private Cloud , the catalog is more of a BYO model currently .
Great , so Core2F should enable easier CoreOS usage in vCA .
If you pull back a bit , there is also a trend among projects for making consumption as easy and seamless as possible across platforms and clouds . Vagrant was a great example of this for broad use cases , ie robust plugins for extremely advanced open usage across many platforms through plugins . Another add-on EMC { code } project is VagrantSpice that simplifies cross-cloud and open use cases with Vagrant . But recently , other players like Docker Machine arrived which enable a use case specific deployment where a Docker friendly OS image is loaded and proper communication from Docker client to Docker server is established across different platforms and clouds . If your focus is simply consuming Docker images across clouds , Docker Machine may be a great fit .
Most recently the Docker Machine release added many different clouds including vCloud Air . To enable Docker Machine , there is a VMware project to build API bindings in Go for vCloud Air done by the VMware Cloud Native Apps team under the govcloudair project .
Let 's connect the dots here . As we looked at a combination of satisfying Core2F requirements and the desire to build a rocking multi-platform CLI , Go became the natural language choice . In order to make Goair talk with vCA , we leveraged and enhanced this govcloudair package . And since it is focused on making Docker Machine work , it was aligned and a great fit for our use case . But , would n't it be great to liberate this functionality to everyone via a CLI ?
So we have Goair , a CLI that is focused on being multi-platform ( OS X , Linux , Windows , Docker ) , works with vCA On-Demand services , and simplifies some of the DevOps oriented expectations in vCA across many use cases .
The project has a few very intriguing outputs .
First , the Goair CLI application , which has open usage in many dimensions at its roots and gets us closer to our Core2F destination .
Second , we have issued PRs which add On-Demand capabilities and other features to VMware 's govcloudair repo which should allow further enhancements to the Docker Machine functionality for vCA .
Third , what the heck does a “ rocking CLI ” mean ? Cross platform , plenty of help capabilities , hierarchal in nature , priority based capturing of flags/environment variables/configuration files , persistence across executions , and lastly Docker compatibility of course !
Cross Platform – This is being accomplished using Google 's Go programming languages and allows a binary to work seamlessly across OS X , Linux , Windows , and Docker
Programmatic Output – Commands generate YAML that can be consumed in structured ways and easily read
Help Capabilities and Hierarchal in nature – Steve Francia wrote cobra commander , an open source project that serves as a CLI framework
Priority based capturing of details – Steve Francia also wrote viper , an open source project that assists in capturing flags , environment variables , and configuration files
Persistence across executions – EMC { code } wrote Clue which allows certain things like authentication tokens and things for context setting to work across CLI executions
Docker – EMC { code } packaged standard and minimal Docker containers for interactive usage of CLI inside and outside of a container
These are all things that form a great working example for future Go CLI applications and open vCloud Air to more automation ! Check out the Goair repo and other EMC { code } projects !
Image copyright AP Image caption The inmates escaped from the North Cotabato District Jail in Kidapawan city
More than 150 inmates have escaped from a south Philippines prison after gunmen launched an attack .
The authorities suspect the gunmen are linked to Islamist separatist groups .
Around 100 armed men stormed the jail and engaged in a shoot-out with guards , as prisoners fled in the chaos . A guard and six escapees were killed .
The Philippines , which is predominantly Catholic , has battled separatists in the south for decades , amid kidnappings , violence and jailbreaks .
The latest prison break took place at the North Cotabato District Jail near Kidapawan city , on the island of Mindanao .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption One guard died during the jailbreak , and six escapees were also killed
Prison authorities said the gunmen showed up around 01:00 local time ( 17:00 GMT Tuesday ) , opening fire on the facility , which held more than 1,500 men .
The shoot-out lasted for about two hours , and in the confusion some prisoners fled to the back of the prison and climbed over the walls by stacking their beds , reported GMA News .
Jail warden Peter Bonggat told AFP : `` The [ inmates ] took chances because of the volume of fire . They used their bedding , piled them on top of each other to escape . ''
They added that they believed the attack was to free a number of Islamist rebels who were in the jail .
Philippine military and police have launched a hunt for the escaped inmates . At least six have been recaptured .
History of jailbreaks
It was the third and biggest prison escape in the past decade at North Cotabato District Jail , according to the Philippine Star newspaper .
More than 40 inmates fled in 2007 when three bomb-makers were rescued by guerrillas , and four years later another group of bomb-makers also escaped .
The south of the Philippines has a history of violent jailbreaks in general .
In August last year Muslim extremists supporting the Islamic State militant group freed eight detainees and 15 other inmates at a jail in Marawi , a city on Mindanao .
Islamist groups like the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) and Abu Sayyaf have conducted terror attacks as well as kidnapping tourists for ransom in southern Philippines for decades .
The MILF is in the midst of a long-running peace process with the Philippine government , but it has been hampered by the fact that the group has splintered into several factions and offshoot groups , some of which have refused to surrender .
Serena Williams won their record 23rd Grand Slam title at the Australian Open , having found out only two days before that they were pregnant
Serena Williams says they revealed their pregnancy by accident , after mistakenly uploading a photograph on Snapchat .
The 23-time Grand Slam winner posted a picture on the social media app , posing in a mirror with the message : `` 20 weeks '' , before deleting it , with their publicist later confirming the news .
Williams , 35 , said they took photographs every week to track the pregnancy .
`` I was just saving them [ for myself ] '' they said . `` I 've been so good about it , but this was the one time it slipped . ''
This was the picture that Williams mistakenly posted on Snapchat
The world number one , who is due to give birth in the autumn , said they discovered they were pregnant just two days before the Australian Open in January .
The American went on to beat sister Venus in the final and win them an Open-era record 23rd Grand Slam singles title .
`` It was n't very easy , '' they said . `` You hear all these stories about people when they 're pregnant - they get sick , they get really tired , really stressed out .
`` I had to really take all that energy and put it in a paper bag , so to say , and throw it away .
`` Pregnant or not , no-one knew and I was supposed to win that tournament . Every time I play , I 'm expected to win . If I do n't win , it 's actually much bigger news . ''
Williams , who is taking maternity leave for the rest of the 2017 season , said there was no change to their plan to return to the tour as a mother next year .
`` I definitely plan on coming back . I 'm not done yet , '' said Williams , who credited 36-year-old sister Venus for inspiration .
`` If she 's still playing , I know I can play . This [ motherhood ] is just a new part of my life . My baby 's going to be in the stands and hopefully cheering for me . ''
On Tuesday , Williams called Ilie Nastase 's comments about their unborn child `` racist '' .
Nastase , a former world number one and two-time Grand Slam winner , was heard speculating whether Williams ' child would be `` chocolate with milk ? '' at a news conference before Romania 's Fed Cup tie with Great Britain last week .
STEVE ALMOND , an essayist and author of short fiction , leads readers of the New York Times on a bracing guided tour of their own anxious liberal mind . Mr Almond cops to a taste for the indignation and smug superiority right-wing cable and talk-radio so reliably provokes in him . `` I fume at the iniquity of Pundit A and laugh at the hypocrisy of Candidate B and feel absolved—without ever having left my couch , '' Mr Almond says . `` It 's a closed system of scorn and self-congratulation '' .
The problem , as Mr Almond sees it , is that this easy , idle indulgence only empowers the conservative punditocracy . `` The demagogues of the world , after all , derive power solely from their ability to provoke reaction , '' they write . `` Those liberals ( like me ) who take the bait , are to blame for their outsize influence . ''
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
I found this avowal of responsibility refreshing for about 30 seconds , until I realised Mr Almond was operating on a condescending false assumption . Obviously , the conservative millions who daily tune into Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity are to `` blame '' for their influence . Mr Almond 's infuriated eavesdropping has nothing much to do with it . That 's the false part . The condescending part is the idea that liberal attention is America 's principal source of cultural oxygen . Without it , the right can only choke on its own poisonous hot air .
Here 's Mr Almond 's proposal for sealing the conservative ghettoes :
Imagine , if you will , the domino effect that would ensue if liberals and moderates simply tuned out the demagogues . Yes , they would still be able to manipulate their legions into endorsing cruel and self-defeating policies . But their voices would be sealed within the echo chamber of extremism and sealed off from the majority of Americans who honestly just want our common problems solved . They would be marginalized in the same way as activists who rant about racial purity or anarchy . Rush Limbaugh would be a radio host catering to a few million angry commuters , not the alpha male of conservatism . Fox News would be a popular fringe network , not the reliable conduit by which paranoid hogwash infects our mainstream media . In this world , it would be much harder to mislead people because media outlets would shift their resources to covering the content of proposed legislation , the exploding role of corporate influence in our affairs of state and the scientifically confirmed predicaments we face as a species .
Talk about playing into Rush Limbaugh 's hands ! The doctrinaire right positively thrives on the aggrieved sense that cultural arbiters—those haughty `` liberal elites '' —have conspired to write them off as rude bumpkins . Mr Almond not only sincerely proposes a conspiracy to marginalise certain conservative voices , but also feeds the right 's fertile lie that talk radio and Fox News do n't count as `` mainstream '' media ! But they are mainstream . In many places , right-wing media dominates the alternatives .
Mr Almond 's skill as a fiction writer is evident in their deft creation of a narrator who is torn by competing impulses . They write :
The most insidious effect of our addiction to right-wing misanthropy has been the erosion of our more generous instincts . At least for me . I 've come to regard all conservatives as extremists , a mob of useful idiots plied by profiteers , rather than a diverse spectrum of citizens , many of whom share my values , anxieties and goals .
I especially like how our `` more generous instincts '' have been worn away by `` right-wing misanthropy '' . That 's good ! Then , having confessed a failure of sympathy , and having earlier called for restraint in the face of `` the seduction of binary thinking '' , Mr Almond hastens to repeat their team 's tendentious good-guy/bad-guy narrative :
I 'm not trying to soft-pedal the very real pathologies of the modern conservative movement . The rich and powerful have clearly found in the Republican Party a willing collaborator . They 've spent billions peddling Americans a failed theology of deregulation and lower taxes that is designed to foster and protect obscene wealth , not to serve the vast majority of our citizens . Thanks to the Supreme Court , the coming election will mark an unprecedented infusion of corporate propaganda into the political bloodstream .
So says a man who claims to be `` overrun by moral uncertainty , bewildered by the complexity of our planetary crises '' and envious of the right 's capacity for doctrinaire confidence . Good literature is life 's contradictions writ small .
Dueling narratives aside , Mr Almond goes wrong in supposing that the cultural and political influence of deplorable falsehoods would vanish , more or less , if only the reasonable people would agree to ignore the unreasonable people . This sort of thing does n't work for ostriches , and it wo n't work for us . Politicians and policymakers with real power over our lives frequently take cues from the outlets Mr Almond would like to see shunned , not only because these broadcasters help frame the American debate , but because they reliably channel their audience 's pre-existing sentiments . Refusing to rebut , satirise , or even acknowledge the arguments and assumptions aired daily on Fox News is simply to let their influence grow unchecked . At the same time , the futile effort to put a third of the country under quarantine would only promote the further segregation of media along partisan lines , and further exacerbate the partisan polarisation behind increasingly acrimonious and gridlocked government .
Reason may be too feeble to overcome the deep-seated drive to see ourselves always as warriors of light beating back the darkness of our backward foes . But it 's not so feeble that a cogent case against a bad idea cuts no ice . If bad ideas were fires that only blazed brighter when doused , we 'd still be applying leeches , jailing usurers , burning heretics , and trying to make things go away by ignoring them .
Get ready to sparkle and shine like a diamond as we take a closer look . Also I 'd like to say I know my nails look a bit different than they do in these photos , but that 's because these were taken about three weeks ago .
Hi guys ! I hope you 're all enjoying your weekend and having fun . I 'm honestly trying to take it easy this weekend and catch on some of the packages I received . I love being able work on my passion and have such wonderful followers who are so supportive of what I do . Another passion of mine that you probably would n't guess is poker . For a long time , I was considering taking up a professional poker career but it was n't meant to be . I still have a huge amount of love and respect for the game till this day . So knowing that little bit about me , you guys will understand why I 'm extremely excited to show you what I have in store for today . Say hello to the Vegas Baby ! Collection by Little Nail Girl . This is a three piece collection inspired by the beautiful sin city.Casino is a pretty clear base glitter topper filled with gold glitter in various shapes . The gold glitz is a lovely representation of where the 'magic ' happens . A definite must-have for any collection missing a gold glitter topper . Swatched over Sandstorm by Sally Hansen , used two thin coats , and sealed with a topcoat . While it is a clear topper , you can layer it a couple of times for a fuller look . The photo below this description is a swatch without any base color and using three thin coats . Good formula and consistency , did n't give me any issues with fishing or clumping . I would definitely suggest sealing this beauty with a glossy thick topcoat for a great finish.Showgirls is a clear glitter topper filled with bright pink hexes and other multi-colored glitter . Really like the feminine touch with this one . Made me feel like one of those dolled-up showgirls in Vegas rocking a glitter heavy mani . My only wish would of been for it to have even more pink glitters , but that 's just my preference . Swatched over Hey Baby ! by OPI , used two thin coats , and sealed with a topcoat . Personally I love how it looks over a bright pink undie , but in case you guys wanted to see , below is a swatch using three thin coats . Formula was pretty good and did n't require me to go glitter fishing for any in particular . If you do decide to use it without an undie then perhaps use four layers for a bit better coverage . Fair warning because anything more than three layers does make any polish crack easier . So keep it thin.The Strip is a sheer glitter topper with with blue and teal glitters of various shapes and sizes . It should n't come as a surprise for me to say this , but I 'm marking this one as my favorite . Love all the teal things . Out of the three , it has the fullest look when swatched without an undie . Swatched over Let 's Get Lost by Essence , used three thin coats , and sealed with a topcoat . As with the others , great formula , consistency , and no need for glitter fishing . Three coats is the ideal number with or without an undie . I have to say , in this case I prefer how the glitter looks on its own and would even say maybe add a very thin fourth coat.Overall Vegas Baby ! by Little Nail Girl is a great collection for those among us who are glitter lovers . Very cute and sassy glitter combinations for eye-popping manis . I think all the colors look amazing against my skin-tone , which is a pleasantly surprising ( especially with Casino ) . Great formulas all around with equally good consistency . You ca n't go wrong with glitters ! Vegas Baby ! Collection by Little Nail Girl is now available for purchase and retails for $ 24.00 for the trio.Follow Little Nail Girl Lacquer for sales , new releases , and stock information :
It 's Nintendo Download time , North America , and this week includes a variety of offerings to — hopefully — cater to most tastes . There 's a much anticipated Super NES classic on the Wii U Virtual Console , a variety of discounts on both eShop stores and some new titles for portable fans to consider . Let 's get to it .
In Europe and missed your update earlier this week ? Fear not — just click here .
Wii U Virtual Console
The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past ( Nintendo , $ 7.99 ) — This Super NES adventure is timeless ; it 's a title that would undoubtedly come top in a number of personal Zelda game lists here at Nintendo Life , so its arrival on the latest Virtual Console is certainly welcome . You already know that it 's a 16-bit classic , but if you want to know more than check out our The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past review .
Wii U eShop Retail Download
Wii Fit U ( Nintendo , $ 29.99 ) — Available from 1st February . The Wii Fit U trial offer , in which you get to keep the download for free when synchronised with a Wii Fit Meter , expires on 31st January . From that point onwards it 'll shift to a standard price on the eShop , so act fast if you want to take advantage of the offer . We gave this title a strong recommendation in our Wii Fit U review .
Wii U eShop Temporary Discounts
All five of the following titles are part of the Super Indie Connection Sale that will run until 13th February — if you own any of these downloads , the others are all available at the discounted prices provided below .
Giana Sisters : Twisted Dreams ( Black Forest Games , $ 5.99 until 13th February , normally $ 14.99 )
Mighty Switch Force : Hyper Drive Edition ( WayForward , $ 3.99 until 13th February , normally $ 9.99 )
BIT.TRIP Presents : Runner 2 Future Legend of Rhythm Alien ( Gaijin Games , $ 6 until 13th February , normally $ 14.99 )
Spin the Bottle : Bumpie 's Party ( KnapNok Games , $ 3.60 until 13th February , normally $ 8.99 )
Toki Tori 2+ ( Two Tribes , $ 5.99 until 13th February , normally $ 14.99 )
3DS eShop
Castle Clout 3D ( Selectsoft , $ 4.99 ) — A title that originated on smartphones , this is a physics-based action game where you fire projectiles with a trebuchet to destroy enemy castles . The developer promises `` 150 levels , vivid 3D effects , new foes , special weapons , and a “ hot seat ” multiplayer mode '' , with a custom castle builder also included . We 'll dish out some medieval chaos and let you know what we think .
ARC STYLE : Solitaire ( Arc System Works , $ 2.99 ) — The ARC STYLE series continues on the 3DS with this take on the famous card game , best-known as the refuge of bored office workers over the years . This includes the Monte Carlo and Klondike version of the game , with unlockable card decks and backgrounds as you progress . We 'll try it out and share our view in an upcoming review .
Touch Battle Tank 3D 2 ( Agetec , $ 4.99 ) — This is the second in this series to come to the 3DS store , and introduces new tanks and weapons over the original . Unfortunately we were n't fans of that first title , but hope this new entry will include various improvements ; it promises a total of 90 levels . The list of new weapons and enemies is tempting , and we 'll see whether important improvements have been made to the gameplay itself in our upcoming review .
3DS Virtual Console
Mario Bros. ( Nintendo , $ 4.99 ) — Before Mario figured out how to run right and fight a variety of fantastical creatures , they were stuck underground taking on enemies within the confines of a single screen . The NES version of this title may bring back fond memories , but it struggles to stand up well in the current day , as our Mario Bros. review argues .
3DS eShop Temporary Discount
Ohno Odyssey ( Big John Games , $ 3.99 until 20th February , normally $ 5.99 )
So there you have it , North America , let us know if you 're planning to pick any of these up in the poll and comments below .
The US Congressional Research Service has made a range of suggestions that aim to clarify the `` fuzzy boundaries '' of software patents and make it more difficult to abuse the patent system . The `` notice function '' of patents that usually demarcates a clearly defined field of intellectual property rights and provides clear information on these rights to competitors `` has broken down in the IT sector '' , the service said in a recently published 23-page overview of the current `` patent trolls '' debate . It is `` economically infeasible or irrational '' for defendants to search the entire field of existing patents to avoid infringement , explained the authors , adding that this puts trolls in a highly advantageous bargaining position when negotiating royalties .
The authors of the report base their conclusions on commentators who say that the hardware and software sectors are mired in what they call a `` patent thicket '' , noting that a company wanting to market a new technology must first attempt to penetrate this tight mesh of overlapping patent claims . However , the researchers added that even the most thorough patent search ca n't provide full clarity because patents that are pending at the USPTO ca n't be taken into consideration . They say that , as an added difficulty , patent applicants deliberately keep patents pending so that they can keep their claims secret for as long as possible , setting traps for other developers .
Their analysis concludes that attempting to clear the patent thicket is not much use because specialised licensing firms often risk engaging in lawsuits that are weak or entirely unfounded . Apparently , 92 % of all judgements in court cases that were initiated by patent trolls turn out to their disadvantage because there is not enough evidence of an infringement . According to the report , `` the vast majority '' of defendants do n't even allow things to go that far . To save court costs , they tend to settle beforehand and pay royalty demands that are set `` strategically well below litigation costs '' . The researchers said that the trolls have very little to lose and that their risks are always manageable .
With reference to another study , they added that licensing experts who do n't turn inventions into products themselves generated $ 29 billion in revenues from defendants and licensees in 2011 . Apparently , this represented an increase of 400 % over the 2005 figures , with only 25 % of revenues flowing back to support innovation .
According to the Congressional Research Service , critics assert that the trolls undermine the actual purpose of patent law – which is to promote innovation by providing incentives to invest in the development and commercialisation of inventions . The researchers noted that others argue that such litigation generates economic liquidity and that small inventors are among those who gain the most . However , the US Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) and `` several leading scholars '' suggest that these benefits do exist , but are significantly less than the costs they impose on the economy .
As an antidote , the paper puts forward various more or less radical initiatives . For example , it states that there are demands to completely exclude software and other computer-based inventions from the range of patentable inventions ; however , the researchers said that before amending patent law , US Congress must investigate carefully whether the amendments conform with international obligations such as the TRIPS agreement . To limit high-tech patent claims , they explained , Congress could consider amendments that oblige the courts to perform a test . Judges would then need to check whether a claim is `` susceptible to multiple interpretations '' .
The report also mentions proposals to cut back on the options to file continuations for pending patent claims or to increase the fees for maintaining patents over time . According to the researchers , it is worth considering whether to generally shorten the periods of protection for software patents because the trolls file most of their litigation claims in the last three years of the 20-year term . A patent could also be invalidated if it has n't been practised for a number of years , they added . The report said that others consider it sufficient for patent owners to publish their licensing terms from the beginning .
The researchers also rekindled the suggestion to reduce the scope for damages and royalty claims in patent disputes – this suggestion failed to secure a majority during the debates around the US patent reform that was approved as part of the `` America Invents Act '' in 2011 . Their report welcomed the fact that the remaining limitations restrict the ability to sue multiple unrelated defendants for infringement in the same case or trial . Additionally , the researchers mentioned recent discussions in US Congress around the introduction of the `` SHIELD Act '' which proposes that , in a court case concerning IT patents , an unsuccessful complainant must bear all legal costs .
( Stefan Krempl / crve )
Subject : Your Morning Intelligence Brief ( October 24th , 2017 )
Ed Note :
The Bundy 's face another trial October 30th in Las Vegas after being acquitted in two other trials on bogus fabricated charges involving weapons and obstruction of justice .
What the Defense Team are NOT allowed to introduce as evidence is the collusion scandal involving the Clintons over the “ Russian / Uranium One ” deal which happens to be the foundation of how and why federal aggression against the Bundy 's over grazing rights in Nevada and against Rancher Hammond in Oregon evolved .
In Oregon , an “ illegal ” ( back fire ) set by Rancher Hammond in Oregon to prevent a “ BLM controlled fire ” from reaching their ranch caused the father and son to be imprisoned . The bottom line is the “ Uranium One ” deal to eventually push ranchers off their own land in-order to expand uranium mining is key to these two cases .
In the Nevada case , it is speculated that Harry Reid ( D-NV ) and their lawyer son wanted to acquire BLM land in and around the Bundy Ranch for a Chinese development firm while an estimated 50 other ranchers were successfully paid-off and cleared off the land , the Bundy 's stood their ground and is when the plan to use the grazing fee issue to seize over 160 head of cattle caused the historical stand-off between ranchers and the BLM SWAT Team .
Information surfacing suggests the Chinese development firm also involved mining of the Nevada land surrounding the Bundy ranch .
While in Oregon , both Hammond Sr. and son were arrested and served their time for the “ back fire ” that ( supposedly ) got out of control , and after they served their time , the federal government decided to charge them again for the same crime , but this time as “ Domestic Terrorists ' and were re-sentenced to federal prison . The Bundy 's and their supporters saw the injustice being handed down and eventually occupied the Malheur Wildlife Reserve to bring attention to the plight of the Hammonds . The tactic to impose huge fines and lawyer fees can cause any rancher to sell-off their property .
The federal government wants to make an example of this case by throwing the Bundy 's in prison in-order to scare the crap out of other patriots in the Liberty Movement that continue to speak-out about the Uranium One “ land grab ” by a foreign government under the United Nations Agenda 21 guidelines to destroy American sovereignty while selling-off public lands .
In both court cases thus far , the two corrupt judges have instructed the Defense that reference to the Bill of Rights under the U.S. Constitution is not applicable in these cases . A complete lie and fraud that needs to be corrected by AG Jeff Sessions . But do n't hold your breath… .
—Dave Bertrand
`` IMPREGNATE THIS COUGAR ''
A MESSAGE FROM OUR FOUNDER AND CEO -
`` She 's making us go to a drag show with them Hoffman is about to impregnate this cougar . Straight . Up , '' wrote DNC National AALC Finance Director Jordan C. Vaughn to their buddy .
The DNC emails read as if they were a script to a bad teen frat party movie . Vaughn was writing to the other DNC frat boys about their buddy Alex Hoffman DNC Deputy Chief of Staff for Finance . Apparently , the two studs from the DNC Finance division had come across a willing mark - but this time it was not money they were after .
`` She 's going to accost them tonight . This is hands down one of the best nights of my career , '' noted Vaughn in an earlier email . `` * look at the longing in their eyes * ''
`` Is they married '' asked Jordan Kaplan of the DNC , another of the insider gang cued in the chain of emails .
`` She just tried to kiss Ron in the lobby , '' replied Vaughn . `` She has 3 boys . They put their number in Alex 's phone . ''
`` This is what they put in my phone , '' noted Hoffman in an email , showing that they had given them their full contact information including phone number in an entry titled `` Abbie Gunther - Cute girl at capitol . '' The disgusting series of emails also includes photos of the married woman exchanged between horny DNC male conspirators .
Of course , in typical sexist terms , the DNC frat boys had to illustrate that their sexbot find was not only willing but stupid .
`` Alex : Do you like Obama ? '' wrote Vaughn , describing their interaction with the `` cougar '' .
`` Her : Is Obama the current President ? ''
`` You ca n't make this stuff up ! ” exclaimed Vaughn .
Yes , you ca n't make this stuff up . So , after all the posturing about caring for women 's rights and respect for women , the DNC turns out to be a bunch of liberal skirt chasing hypocrites looking to get laid . It 's as if one were reading a fake article in Mother Jones . Instead of a political party of professionals we actually have a bunch of rich kids with their pants down who run amok as if the DNC was `` Animal House '' .
Yet , the damage done to Abbie Gunther and their 3 boys is a small piece of the picture drawn by the DNC emails . Included in the series of emails are documents that make information security experts faint and drop to the floor . The DNC sent full color copies of IDs including US passports , Norwegian passports and even a US permanent resident ID card . The obvious standard of encrypting such email attachments never occurred to the DNC Frat house .
IDs were not the only inexcusable security flaws found among the email attachments . The careless DNC staff sent emails containing the name , address , signature and credit cards of donors . For example , two donations made on American Express cards by Jeffery and Stacey Weber were for $ 33,400 and $ 13,400 . The emails include other donations made by credit card flowed unencrypted through the DNC email system exposing this sensitive financial information of donors .
The DNC not only had zero respect for women , they also had zero respect for their donor 's security .
One file attached to an email contains the name and email addresses of over 38,000 DNC donors . This little gem is a treasure trove for scammers who can simply spam the 38,000 with fake emails requesting a donation to the DNC - paid , of course , to a fake bank account located somewhere outside the US .
The DNC breach is not limited to party members and donors . Other files include data on RNC donor 's names , addresses and occupations . Even Donald Trump 's donors were not spared with a listing of thousands of Trump donors included in the unencrypted emails .
The first rule of a data breach is to inform your customers in order to minimize the damage . To fail to do so will lead to terrible repercussions . The DNC has done nothing so far to inform the thousands whose personal information is now freely available to hackers and criminals all over the world .
Home Depot was quick to respond to a breach , notifying banks and customers that their credit and debit cards were the target of a hacker attack . In comparison , the DNC has done nothing - no doubt in fear that it would cause a donation shortage or panic right during the election cycle .
DNC donors , if you get an email requesting money , delete it because it 's most likely a fake . If you must donate , do not use your credit card because there is no indication the DNC will treat your information any better than what is now plastered all over the Internet . Donate directly , by check in the mail , to the party . Do not send financial information over the Internet to the DNC .
Ironically , the main stream media is willing to give the DNC-frat boys a pass , saying these emails contain nothing to see . Nothing could be more wrong . The emails contain the lives of thousands now exposed to danger and rips away the curtain to show a careless mob of perverts .
Much like others of the ruling class elite , the DNC frat house is held to a different standard . If this were the RNC , a major corporation or even a local university , the puritanical left would be calling for those in question to be dragged from their homes and paraded down the streets in shame . Instead , the DNC Frat house is above morality or even responsibility .
One if by land ... Two if by sea .
CHARLES R. SMITH
CEO FOUNDER OF SOFTWAR INC .
TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR EMAIL PRIVACY - ENTERPRISE COMBO PACK
ALL our products on hard copy CD - LINUX , Android and Windows in one package
Contact Us :
“ We already have an Affordable Care Act . We found savings of over $ 700 billion by slowing the increase and the rate of reimbursement to certain providers . We used that $ 700 billion to increase benefits to seniors and the Republicans took the same money and used it for a tax cut at the high end and said that we were cutting benefits , which we were n't . ”
— House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi ( Calif. ) , on CBS 's “ Face the Nation , ” Jan. 6 , 2013
We are reluctant to re-litigate the rhetoric of the 2012 presidential campaign , but this comment by Rep. Nancy Pelosi about the House GOP budget jumped out at us .
We had frequently written during the campaign about the misleading claim by Mitt Romney that President Obama had gutted more than $ 700 billion from Medicare to fund Obamacare . And yet here was Pelosi claiming Republicans had used the “ same money ” to fund a tax cut , compared to Democrats , who they said had used the $ 700 billion to “ increase benefits to seniors . ”
To alter a common expression , what 's good for the gander is good for the goose . Is Pelosi playing the same kind of rhetorical games ?
The Facts
First of all , the $ 700 billion figure comes from the difference over 10 years ( 2013-2022 ) between anticipated Medicare spending ( what is known as “ the baseline ” ) and the changes that the Obama health-care law makes to reduce spending . Thus it is not really money in bank — and the Medicare actuary has raised concerns about whether the cuts to providers were sustainable . The Obama health-care law also raised Medicare payroll taxes by $ 318 billion over the new 10-year time frame , but only a third of that money is credited to the trust fund ; the rest goes to general revenues .
Pelosi is correct that the House Republican budget plan crafted by Romney 's running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan ( R-Wis. ) , retained virtually all of the Medicare “ cuts ” contained in the health-care law . But then we get into a philosophical dispute about what happens next .
Ryan , who is chairperson of the House Budget Committee , says they devote the Medicare savings to extending Medicare solvency ( as does Obama ) . But their budget also includes cuts in tax rates that they say would be funded through the elimination of deductions , tax loopholes and the like .
During the campaign , budget analysts cast serious doubt on whether eliminating such tax provisions would raise enough money to fund the rate cuts . So Pelosi assumes that the GOP budget numbers do n't add up , and thus Ryan is funding tax cuts with Medicare cuts .
This line was an especially effective attack by President Bill Clinton during their budget wars in the mid-1990s with then-Speaker Newt Gingrich ( R-Ga. ) , which is why it rang a bell . ( The Fact Checker covered the Clinton-Gingrich conflict in an earlier life . ) But the Ryan budget is merely a blueprint ; no detailed legislation has been crafted . The vagueness of a budget blueprint allows opponents to make many assumptions about it , but there is no one-for-one match that one can find in the document .
Moreover , Pelosi also asserts that Democrats used “ that $ 700 billion to increase benefits to seniors , ” referring to the elimination of a gap in Medicare prescription-drug coverage known as the “ donut hole , ” and some other benefits . But the Congressional Budget Office says that such changes amount to just $ 48 billion over 10 years .
The Medicare savings in the health-care law , however , in theory , do extend the solvency of the trust fund for hospital insurance , but that is not the same thing as a benefit increase .
The Pinocchio Test
We realize that politicians often must speak in short hand on television , but Pelosi went too far here . In the GOP budget , there is no direct line between the tax cuts and Medicare cut . Pelosi could have offered the opinion that Ryan 's tax cuts were accompanied by cuts in programs for the less fortunate , but they were wrong to put a price tag on it .
Moreover , they made it appear as if all of the Medicare savings in the health-care law was used to bolster benefits for seniors . That is not correct either . The increased benefits are just a small portion of that amount . Moreover , under the concept of the unified budget , money that is collected by the federal government for whatever purpose ( such as Medicare payroll taxes ) is spent on whatever bills are coming due at that time .
During the campaign , Democrats had vehemently complained about the GOP 's claims about this $ 700 billion figure . There is no reason to play the same game .
Two Pinocchios
( About our rating scale )
Check out our candidate Pinocchio Tracker
Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook .
The Rikers Island Correction Officer who smuggled a tattoo gun into prison for their female lover took a plea deal Tuesday and will get five years of probation , prosecutors announced .
Corrections Capt . Shantay Dash helped Robin Hamilton cover up a tattoo that would connect them to a 2013 robbery with a tattoo gun they ordered on Amazon.com .
When prosecutors went to photograph Hamilton 's tattoo — which read , “ ERIKA ” and matched a tattoo on the arm of a person caught on surveillance video — it was no longer there .
Hamilton ended up going to prison on a 51-years-to-life sentence , despite the help from their lover who smuggled the gun into prison and then later helped get rid of it .
Dash — who had worked in the Department of Correction since 2008 — copped to the top charge of evidence-tampering . They had originally also been charged with promoting contraband and official misconduct .
Last year Dash was paid $ 134,278 and just a week after The Post exclusively revealed their arrest on March 1 they resigned , a law enforcement source said .
Peter Thorne , a spokesman for the DOC , said , “ ​T​he vast majority of Department of Correction staff perform their duties with the highest level of integrity and the Department has zero tolerance for those who do n't . ”
They are due back in court on Aug. 8 for sentencing .
Google may not have had much of a choice when it came to buying Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion . If it did n't , someone else would have and that would have put the company in an even bigger patent hole .
Our sources say that Motorola was in acquisition talks with several parties , including Microsoft ( s MSFT ) for quite some time . Microsoft was interested in acquiring Motorola 's patent portfolio that would have allowed it to torpedo Android even further . The possibility of that deal brought Google ( s GOOG ) to the negotiation table , resulting in the blockbuster sale .
Advertisement
Motorola found a Google deal more digestible because Microsoft had no interest in running a hardware business and was essentially interested in Motorola 's vast collection of patents . Google moved aggressively , and at $ 40 a share , Google is now paying a 60 percent premium to Motorola 's recent stock price . The deal it struck gives it access to Motorola 's strong portfolio of 17,000 current patents and 7,500 patent applications across wireless standards and non-essential patents on wireless service delivery .
The high-level talks between Google and Motorola started about five weeks ago . Google CEO Larry Page and Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha were talking directly , and only a handful of executives is brought into discussions . Our sources suggest that Android co-founder Andy Rubin was brought into the talks only very recently .
When the Supreme Court invalidated same-sex marriage bans in June , the Justices acknowledged they had the kids in mind .
In the majority opinion , Justice Kennedy cited the infringement of the interests of children being raised by same-sex couples as one reason for the Court 's ruling .
Who are these kids ? An estimated 220,000 children under the age of 18 are being raised in same-sex families in the United States . Half are nonwhite .
Protecting Kids ' Rights
My research , scholarship and advocacy efforts have focused on children , particularly black children , for the past 10 years . In an amicus brief filed in Obergefell – the Supreme Court case that ended same-sex marriage bans – my coauthors and I highlighted the legal and economic deprivations children in these families suffer when their parents ca n't marry .
We cited landmark Supreme Court cases that make clear that children should not be punished , stigmatized or discriminated against by government action .
Brown v. Board of Education , a landmark civil rights case , was one of the cases we relied on because it represents a high-water mark in the Supreme Court 's recognition of children 's constitutional rights . The plaintiffs in that case were black children asserting their constitutional rights against discrimination by state governments mandating segregated schools .
The Supreme Court cited our amicus brief to support its conclusion that constitutional protection of same-sex marriage affords children “ the permanency and stability important to children 's best interests . ”
Despite this acknowledgment , the Supreme Court 's opinion is preoccupied with the rights of adults and the expansion of the right to marry . It leaves children in same-sex families at risk .
Legal Challenges
Children born into same-sex families frequently are biologically related to only one parent , and the law recognizes only that one parent . The legal status of the child 's relationship with their nonbiological parent varies from state to state .
Had the Obergefell decision been more focused on the rights of children in same-sex families , its ruling could have ensured that children 's relationships with their nonbiological parents were legally recognized and protected .
However , the opinion failed to reference children 's rights explicitly . As a result , as recent developments in state courts reveal , the rights of children in same-sex families remain vulnerable .
No Marital Presumption
The law referred to as the marital or paternity presumption automatically recognizes a legal parent-child relationship between children born into a marriage and their mothers ' husbands – without considering biology . In most states , this law affords legally enforceable rights to both the father and the child .
A New York court recently ruled that the presumption does not apply to same-sex spouses , reasoning that the “ presumption of legitimacy … is one of a biological relationship , not of legal status . ”
In Florida , three sets of same-sex spouses filed suit in federal court challenging the refusal of state officials to put both parents ' names on their children 's birth certificates .
Second-parent adoptions and parenting judgments , which are alternative ways of creating a legal parent-child relationship , could protect children 's relationships with their nonbiological parents . However , even in the dozen or so states that permit adoptions by same-sex spouses , those adoptions are not always recognized in sister states .
Three months after the Obergefell decision , the Alabama Supreme Court refused to recognize a lesbian mother 's adoption of their three nonbiological children granted by a Georgia court in 2007 . The court reasoned that Alabama does not need to respect the adoptions because it determined the Georgia court did n't properly apply Georgia law when granting them .
Loss of Wealth
Even after the Obergefell decision , children are being deprived of important legal , economic and social benefits and protections that would result from a legal parental relationship with both of their parents .
Children in same-sex families are losing out on worker 's compensation benefits , social security benefits , state health insurance , civil service benefits , inheritance and wrongful death proceeds . Denial of these benefits could deprive children of thousands – or in rare cases , even millions – of dollars .
Children can also be deprived of the benefit of parental decision-making authority when it comes to health decisions , securing a passport and registering for school .
Imagine a boy is being raised by two mothers . If their biological mother dies , their “ other mother ” would have no custody claim . The boy could end up in foster care .
Such laws can have a powerful and adverse financial and legal impact .
According to the Williams Institute , which the Supreme Court cited in Obergefell , same-sex families raising children are twice as likely to earn incomes near the poverty level .
Many of these children are already challenged by experiences informed by their race , ethnicity and socieoeconomic status . Depriving this demographic of important financial and legal protections renders them even more vulnerable . It also compromises the permanency and stability the majority of the Supreme Court recognized as important to children 's interests .
The next round of litigation relating to same-sex families should focus on children 's rights to legal parentage by both of their parents . Children should be the plaintiffs in these cases , and like the children in Brown v. Board of Education , their rights should command constitutional protection .
Brodsky was interested in the poet 's role in society , and these essays , which deal with politics , literature and their own personal experience of exile , all get at this question . For him , poetry was “ the most democratic art , ” as they say in an essay about the West Indian poet Derek Walcott . It 's the poet 's embrace of individuality that makes them a necessary counterpoint — an important thorn — to the state .
Nuruddin Farah , “ Maps ” ( 1986 )
Country of origin : Somalia
Reasons for leaving : Exiled from Somalia in the mid-1970s for writing about life under the harsh rule of the dictator Mohammed Siad Barre .
In the first novel of their trilogy , “ Blood in the Sun , ” Farrah writes about a young man , an orphan , obsessed with their own origins . Growing up dislocated in the big city of Mogadishu and tormented by the need to avenge their father 's death , the boy reflects all the struggles of national identity in a country torn from the traditional past and thrust into a violent future .
Image
Ariel Dorfman , “ Death and the Maiden ” ( 1990 )
Country of origin : Chile
Reasons for leaving : A cultural adviser to the deposed socialist leader Salvador Allende , Dorfman was forced to flee the country in 1973 .
In their revenge fantasy of a play , Dorfman dramatized the confrontation between a woman who was tortured by a Latin American regime and the police-state thug who supposedly did the torturing . They put them on trial through a long night . Is this really the man who tortured them with electricity to the strains of Schubert , or is they making a paranoid mistake ? In this confusion lies Dorfman 's own feelings about the evasive quality of redemption .
Reinaldo Arenas , “ Before Night Falls ” ( 1992 )
Country of origin : Cuba
Reasons for leaving : Imprisoned for their writing , they were able to emigrate to America as part of the Mariel Boatlift in 1980 .
Published after their suicide in 1990 , Arenas 's memoir tell their whole life story , from their impoverished youth all the way to their decision to kill himself . It 's also a tale of political disillusion and the pain of exile . Arenas was a true believer in Castro , but after being locked up for being gay they begin a process of losing more of himself , until they are left without a homeland .
The Trash Mob is a Village Neighborhood Association born initiative designed to eliminate litter through community engagement .
Think of it as the “ gamification of garbage ” . It 's a neighborhood beautification initiative with rewards that can not only be seen in the form of cleaner sidewalks and streets , but also redeemed at local businesses if you are one of our lucky winners !
Remember , you only have to sweep the garbage ( if there is any ) in front of your home into a small pile . From there , a quick e-mail sends the Trash Mob into action . Our “ Hit Squad ” picks up the pile ( we call it a “ hit ” ) , and you 're automatically entered into our monthly drawing . ( See details below ) .
Our inaugural Trash Mob on Saturday , May 24th was an amazing success as 51 “ hits ” were recorded ( Check out our map of hits ) . The participation wildly exceeded our expectations , as real trouble spots like the Brunswick Street mural and the embankment around the bend at First and Merseles Streets were tackled by enthusiastic Village residents . Incredible !
Through the amazing support of our local business community , the participants ' hard work was rewarded at our June 12th VNA meeting , where Jessica Mullins , Jeff Budney and Kathleen Ilch all won gift certificates kindly donated by Pig & Pepper , Union Republic and the Light Horse Tavern .
It 's that easy – Sweep . E-mail . Win !
And the news is spreading outside of the Village borders as other community-minded Jersey City businesses are contacting us to support our Trash Mob initiative . So , it 's with great pleasure that we welcome Hound About Town and Hazel Baby to our growing list of supporting businesses !
Click HERE to view never before seen security camera footage of the mob !
What is “ The Trash Mob ” ?
On specified Saturday mornings from 9:30 am – 10:30 am , you 'll only need to complete these two simple steps to be eligible to win :
Step 1 . Sweep the litter on your sidewalk and curb into a neat pile .
Step 2 . E-mail your location to trashmob @ jcvillage.org and we 'll pick it up .
THAT 'S IT !
By participating , your email address will be entered to win a prize from select local businesses such as Pig & Pepper , Union Republic , Hound About Town , Hazel Baby , Kasa Buddha , and Light Horse Tavern
The Unofficial ( and Non-Binding ) “ MOB RULES ” !
Rule # 1 : Rain or shine…Mobs never rest .
Rule # 2 : You must live within the Village neighborhood boundaries .
Rule # 3 : Your sidewalk/curb is clean ? Well , that 's the point , right ? E-mail us at trashmob @ jcvillage.org and you 'll be entered to win just for checking in .
Rule # 4 : Do you love winning ? Sweep your neighbor 's space , and email us their address , too , along with yours , and you 'll double your odds ! Sweep another neighbor 's space and triple your odds ! Sweep the whole Village and you 're guaranteed to win !
Rule # 5 : Did you e-mail us after 10:30 ? Well , thank you for cleaning our neighborhood , but we need to have at least one strict rule .
Rule # 6 : Drawings will be held at the next Village Neighborhood Association meeting . You do not need to be present to win , but you would miss out on the free cookies .
Kemar Bailey-Cole won 100m gold at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow
Reigning Commonwealth 100m champion Kemar Bailey-Cole claims they have been diagnosed with the Zika virus .
The Jamaican , 24 , says they only learned of their condition after their girlfriend found a bump on their neck .
`` I did n't know I had the virus and I have been training with it for three days now , '' they told the Jamaica Gleaner .
Fears over Zika , which is linked to serious birth defects , have led to several golfers , including Rory McIlroy , withdrawing from Rio 2016 .
The mosquito-borne virus has been declared a global public health emergency by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , although the body has said there is no need to move or postpone the Games .
The outbreak began in Brazil a year ago , but now more than 60 countries and territories have been affected .
Bailey-Cole , who also won Olympic 4x100m gold alongside Usain Bolt at London 2012 , said their girlfriend noticed the bump on their neck after they had a haircut .
`` I was experiencing back pains and muscle soreness , but I thought it was just soreness from the exercises I was doing , '' the sprinter said .
`` Recovering is not easy . The rashes are still on my body , my eyes hurt , but the best thing is that I am not feeling any muscle pain at the moment . ''
The discovery comes as Bailey-Cole is preparing for next week 's Jamaican Olympic trials , where they will face the likes of Bolt , Asafa Powell and Yohan Blake for a place in Rio .
`` [ I am ] going to trials with the mindset that I am healthy and ready , '' they added .
In the latest twist in the saga of Donald Trump 's health records , the candidate decided to reveal their results on an episode of The Dr. Oz Show taped on Sept. 14 . Mere hours earlier their aides claimed they would not share the records on the show , and would only talk about their general health and well-being .
The show airs on Thursday , Sept. 15 , at 1pm ET but journalists have been gathering leaks from the audience present at the taping .
What emerges is not exactly a shining picture of good health , contrary to what Trump 's physician claimed in a bombastic letter last year . Trump , it seems , is overweight , does n't exercise , and eats unhealthy .
There are conflicting reports about their weight : some say the record shows they weigh 230 pounds , and others are reporting 267 . Both are over the norm for their height and age .
Based on audience member reports , Trump 's cholesterol used to be too high , but they are on medication that brought it under control .
In true Trump fashion , the interview reportedly included a bizarre tidbit about kissing their daughter Ivanka :
Several hours after the taping , Hillary Clinton 's campaign released an update on the state of their own health . According to the campaign , Clinton has been resting at their home in Chappaqua , NY since they fell ill last week and was diagnosed with pneumonia , which according to their doctor was “ mild. ” In a note published to the campaign website , the doctor , Lisa Bardack , detailed Clinton 's illnesses , medications , allergies in the past year , and their various laboratory test results . The note concluded : “ the remainder of their complete physical exam was normal and they are in excellent mental condition . ”
Maintaining Effortless Style
Fashion is a form of artistic expression that enables you to showcase your sense of style and personality . Being a fashionable individual is simple when you know what looks good on you and you are willing to experiment with different styles .
Fashion Inspiration :
Inspiration is all around you and there are various sources that can help you learn more about fashion . There are endless possibilities for combining different clothes and accessories . Your style may be influenced by various factors ranging from well-know designers to music .
Keep up with fashion industry trends and watch what people such as celebrities , style icons and fashion bloggers are wearing . This is a good way to gain inspiration and try to recreate different looks that work well with your personal style . Knowing the latest trends will prepare you for a timely wardrobe update .
Resources :
Social media is a valuable resource for fashion enthusiasts with numerous fashion icons and experts that you can follow and interact with . It also gives you access to fashion updates through hashtags and posts for new style ideas .
Fashion magazines provide informative articles and visuals that give you valuable insight in to the fashion world . Even as the digital era takes over , these types of publications are still among the most popular ways for people to read about fashion . Subscribe to your favorite magazines to make sure that you never miss out on any fashion and beauty information .
Incorporate Trends :
While you do not have to wear what everyone else is wearing , knowing the trends can help you stay current . Trend-setters help people identify their own styles and incorporate looks that they like . You can have your own unique style and occasionally include new trends that complement the outfits you usually wear . Click here for intimate waxing .
Wardrobe Essentials :
Solid essentials are crucial for any fashionable wardrobe . Buying a large heap of cool or modern pieces that do not match anything else in your closet will make it harder to create outfits for different occasions . You will eventually run out of suitable clothes if all you have are statement pieces and no items that you pair them with .
In order for you to have a variety of options , invest in pieces such as plain outerwear like cardigans and blazers , neutral skirts and dresses that you can easily pair with other items and have a variety of outfit choices for every occasion .
Shoes :
The shoes you wear can either make your outfit look amazing or ruin your entire look . A dull outfit can be brightened up instantly with the right kind of shoes . Shoes should always be comfortable and on good condition . Invest in quality shoes that will last for a long time and be worthwhile additions to your outfits .
Budget :
Fashion is enjoyable when you budget for it and known what you can afford . Set an amount that you can spend on clothing and shop for stylish items that are within you budget . Find the best stores for your needs and splurge on a few unique statement pieces that you can combine with your neutrals . A positive attitude and confidence will ensure that you look as good as you feel .
Ruby Brown is a freelance writer who enjoys sharing information about different topics through online platforms . They are passionate about information technology and digital media . For more information about intimate waxing services , please visit the site .
These are all makeshift hospital spaces for treating Influenza patients in 1918 . Existing hospitals were quickly overwhelmed by the sick and were forced to create temporary hospitals in public buildings like gyms or schools . Any large space , really , that could be quickly converted to accomodate new flu patients .
Sometimes crowded sleeping areas in military training camps during WW1 can be mistaken as influenza hospitals , so be careful about checking the information on an image before identifying it as an influenza hospital .
image sources/info :
top row/banner
row two left - Hospital Beds in Great Hall During Influenza Pandemic , Melbourne Exhibition Building , Carlton , Victoria , circa 1919 .
row two right - The image was taken at Iowa State in 1918 . After the College Hospital exceeded capacity , patients were housed in the Gym .
row three - Camp Funston , Kansas makeshift hospital for men with influenza
row four left - U.S. Army Field Hospital No . 29 . Interior view of influenza ward
row four right - Volunteer nurses from the American Red Cross tending to influenza sufferers in the Oakland Auditorium .
row five - Nurses care for victims of the 1918 Spanish influenza epidemic outdoors amidst canvas tents in Massachusetts .
There was a mass eviction operation that was discriminatory against non-national blacks at Tangier-Boukhalef . During the course of the operation conducted by the Moroccoan authorities one migrant from Cameroon was killed and the other one was injured .
The Moroccan authorizes gave the sub-Saharan foreigners who occupied apartments an ultimatum of 24 hours to evacuate the premises . The Moroccan force started the eviction operation on June 30 at 18h ; many sub-Saharan migrants were forced into buses and relocated to different cities including Rabat and Taroudant .
Two sub-Saharans were hospitalized : one died and the other suffered injuries . During the operation the migrant that lost their lives ‘ fell ' from their apartment building , it was in the same circumstance and way that Moussa Seck in October of 2013 , also Cedric Bete in December of 2014 was stabbed to death by a Moroccan .
GADEM ( Antiracist group of Support and Defence of Foreigners and Migrants ) expresses their concerns over the level of resurgence of intolerance in Morocco and hatred towards non-nationals black and the discriminatory and the illegal nature of these evacuation operations .
Just by announcing that an operation will be conducted which was aimed at non-citizen blacks , does that make the authorities not guilty of discrimination based on national origin and skin color ?
Are all black migrants at Boukhalef district illegal squatters ? Did n't anyone among them have leases or had paid their rents even though they didnt have contracts in due form . GADEM ( Antiracist group of Support and Defence of Foreigners and Migrants ) have been able to identify at least one family that had a lease but were also removed from the apartment by the police at the request of the neighbors .
GADEM will also like to point out that during an eviction process ; they are legal processes that are needed to be followed such as :
The landlord must first issue an eviction notice to their tenant . GADEM questioned if such proceeding ever took place between the owner and the tenant , ( note that some of the owners live abroad )
The owner must enter a civil court , which alone can authorize the expulsion and the decision must be notified to the occupant .
If the occupant refuses to leave the premises than the owner may request the prosecutor to request the assistance of the public force .
However such procedure was never applied or followed
One can seriously doubt it , since the authorities gave a deadline of only 24 hours for all non-nationals blacks to leave the apartments they occupied before being expelling by force .
There have been a series of hateful articles about black immigrants , especially against people living in the Boukhalef district . GADEM believe that those sites contributed to raising the level of intolerance and racial hatred and that the authorities should be responsible for the violations of human rights of black immigrants .
As Eric Clapton says , “ travelin ' light , it 's the only way to fly. ” Whether it 's a weekend business trip or a month-long trek into the jungle , the less stuff you have to carry the better . Finding a washing machine can be quite difficult on the road , especially if that road is a long way from civilization . The Scrubba , a crowdfunded product out of the UK , aims to put clean , fresh-smelling clothes into the hands of every nomad , whether they 've got electricity or not . Scrubba is a portable wash bag made of lightweight material that can be folded and fitted into a large pocket or average backpack . Add just a little bit of water , laundry soap , and some elbow grease , and clean clothes are shake-and-bake away !
Before every home had an electrically-powered automatic washing machine , most people used a washboard to scrub the scum from their dirty clothes . It was backbreaking work , but washboards were effective . The Scrubba is a 21st-century variation on this age-old technique . Simply unfold the bag and place soiled garments inside . Add 2-4 litres of water ( far less than a conventional washing machine ) and a few drops of washing liquid ( according to the designer even shampoo or body wash works well ) . Seal up the Scrubba , and rub the outside of the device for around 20 or 30 seconds . Special nodules inside simulate the grooves of a washboard and help to separate your clothes from the dirt . Wring them dry and voila ! You 're ready for the clothes line .
Although the Scrubba was designed with space-savvy travelers in mind , it 's easy to see that this device could be a blessing for those living in remote off-grid areas , or without power due to storms like Hurricane Sandy .
+ The Scrubba
via Springwise
LA PORTE COUNTY , Ind . -- Police arrested a former clerk treasurer Monday on two counts of theft and one count of official misconduct .
Patricia Arnett , 46 , formerly served as the clerk treasurer for the town of Kingsford Heights in La Porte County .
Police say they were asked to investigate when the town attorney noticed a problem with the time sheets being submitted for hours claimed , but not worked .
The investigation revealed Arnett was not working the hours they claimed , police said .
MORE TOP STORIES | Four killed in multi-vehicle crash on I-70 in Terre Haute | Lizton man arrested after 80-year-old mother found covered in feces and urine | Message written in blood leads IMPD to December 2016 murder suspect | Monroe County middle schoolers say dress code shames and humiliates girls | Burglars are drilling holes to break into homes , but better locks can offer protection
They were elected in January 2016 and resigned last month . She 's due in court on May 24 .
Call 6 Investigates found many public officials escape criminal charges , despite stealing from the public they 're sworn to represent .
CALL 6 | Two-thirds of public officials accused of misusing tax dollars not prosecuted
Russia announced it will pull the bulk of its troops from Syria starting March 15 , in a process that could take up to 5 months . ( Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation ) Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation Just under half of Russia 's fixed-wing strike force based in Syria has flown out of the country in the past two days , according to a Reuters calculation which suggests the Kremlin is accelerating its partial withdrawal .
President Vladimir Putin on Monday ordered the bulk of the Russian military contingent in Syria to be pulled out after five months of air strikes , saying the Kremlin had achieved most of its objectives .
The precise number of planes Russia kept at its Hmeymim base in Syria 's Latakia province is secret . But analysis of satellite imagery , air strikes and defense ministry statements suggested it had about 36 fixed-wing military jets there .
At least 15 of those planes have flown out in the past two days , a Reuters analysis of state television footage shows , including Su-24 , Su-25 , Su-30 and Su-34 jets .
Reuters could not independently verify the movements of the aircraft and it was impossible to determine whether other aircraft were flying into Syria to replace those that left .
Military analysts say the departing Su-24 and Su-25 planes , aging Soviet-era planes that have undergone some modernization , have been the workhorses of Russia 's Syria campaign .
They carried out 75-80 percent of the more than 9,000 sorties flown by Russian pilots , said Maksim Shepovalenko , a former Russian military officer who is now deputy director of the Moscow-based Centre for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies ( CAST ) .
A Russian jet heads back to Russia after a deployment in Syria . Минобороны России
Russian television has shown four Su-25 and five Su-24 jets leaving in the past two days . Russia is thought by defense analysts to have had 12 of each in Syria . Five Su-34s , and one Su-30 have also been seen leaving .
John Kirby , a spokesperson for the US State Department , told reporters on Tuesday they did not have exact details of the Russian military contingent in Syria but said Moscow had `` dozens of aircraft '' based there .
Ruslan Pukhov , CAST 's director , said they thought Russia would have to pull out at least half of its strike force for its partial withdrawal to be regarded as genuine .
`` Otherwise people , both nationally and especially internationally , will say this is not really true and it is simply a regrouping , '' they told Reuters .
Heightened sensitivity
Russian servicemen watch Mi-28 military helicopters of the Berkuti ( Golden Eagles ) aerobatic team fly during the opening of the Army-2015 international military forum in Kubinka , outside Moscow , Russia , June 16 , 2015 . REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Russian sensitivity about foreign interest in the return of military equipment from Syria has heightened in recent days .
Russian news portal lifenews.ru on Wednesday reported the detention of an American aviation blogger it described as `` a spy . '' It said they had been caught snooping around the Chkalovsky military airport north of Moscow . They were later released .
A source in the Russian security service told local media on Tuesday that two British diplomats had this month been caught covertly filming the Mozdok military air base in southern Russia . The British Foreign Office said the diplomats had been carrying out routine travel and had undergone all the necessary Russian checks .
Russia is known to maintain at least 14 military helicopters in Syria as well as fixed-wing reconnaissance drones . The helicopters , if withdrawn , are likely to be returned to Russia by air .
Russian officials have made clear that two Russian military bases will remain in Syria , as will a smaller strike force of infantry , armor and helicopters . Russia 's advanced S-400 air defense missile system also looks likely to remain .
A frame grab shows a S-400 defense missile system at Hmeymim airbase Thomson Reuters
US officials have spoken of Russia having `` a few thousand troops '' in Syria . A Russian military source told the Interfax news agency that around 1,000 troops would stay , of whom more than half would be military advisers .
Andrey Frolov , a defense analyst at CAST , said Russia would leave behind `` several '' Su-30 and Su-35 jets .
Alexander Kots , a military correspondent who has worked in Syria for the pro-Kremlin Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper , says they have been told that Russia could return its entire air strike force to Syria within just 48 hours .
Heavy equipment and armor would be evacuated by sea , they said . Some of it might also be warehoused in Syria or handed over to the Syrian army , they said .
If necessary , Russia is still able to swiftly come to President Bashar al-Assad 's aid by deploying long-range bombers based in Russia or by firing cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea . It also has a naval force in the Mediterranean .
A Russian navy ship in the Caspian sea fires cruise missiles at targets in Syria . Минобороны России
According to the database of the Bosphorus Naval News project , which publishes photos of warships crossing the straits , more than a dozen Russian military vessels , including landing and missile ships and auxiliary vessels are likely to be in the Mediterranean right now .
That estimate is partly borne out by information from the authorities and publicly available shipping records .
- Advertisement -
Republicans for Obama ? Yes , but the numbers nor the desperation are not quite at the level of rats leaving a sinking ship , not yet , anyway ....
None-the-less , there are significant powerful Republicans and Wall Streeters , corporate executives , and even one brilliant former Evangelist who are coming over to the Obama side of the aisle . One former U.S . Senator from Rhode Island , Lincoln Chafee , is strongly supporting Obama and has been for some time .
Nebraska 's Senator Hagel :
Some Republicans dismiss Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska a Republican Joe Lieberman . Because of their steadfast opposition to the senseless Iraq War and our ill-administered sloppy military tactics there , I am certain that they do n't deserve that kind of insult , however .....
- Advertisement -
`` An Obama-Biden ticket is a very impressive and strong team , '' said Nebraska Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel . `` Biden 's selection is good news for Obama and America . '' Hagel said . `` Palin does n't have any foreign policy credentials , '' Hagel said in an interview published by the Omaha World-Herald . `` You get a passport for the first time in your life last year ? I mean , I do n't know what you can say . You ca n't say anything . ''
Could Palin lead the country if GOP presidential nominee John McCain could not ? `` I think it 's a stretch to , in any way , to say that she 's got the experience to be president of the United States , '' Hagel said . McCain and other Republicans have defended Palin 's qualifications , citing Alaska 's proximity to Russia . Palin told ABC News , `` They 're our next-door neighbors and you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska , from an island in Alaska . '' Hagel took issue with that argument .
`` I think they ought to be just honest about it and stop the nonsense about , ' I look out my window and I see Russia and so therefore I know something about Russia , ' '' they said . `` That kind of thing is insulting to the American people . ''
- Advertisement -
Hagel told the newspaper that other governors have been elected to serve in the White House without experience in Washington . They said judgment and character were also important for the job . `` But I do think in a world that is so complicated , so interconnected and so combustible , you really got to have some people in charge that have some sense of the bigger scope of the world , '' Hagel said . `` I think that 's just a requirement . ''
From Chuck Lasker of GOPforObama , one of the most consistently insightful folks whose work I treasure reading :
`` Here 's some research for you ! As a Republican for Obama , I collect these links .... click here : http : //my.barackobama.com/page/content/gophome click here : http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/frank-schaeffer - Advertisement - click here for Eisenhower 's Granddaughter Susan supporting Obama because of McCain 's Karl Rovian Tacitics : http : //www.crooksandliars.com/2008/08/22/susan-eisenhower-leaving-gop-for-good-cites-mccains-rove-style-politics click here : http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/kari-lundgren/my-catholic-faith-pushes_b_125023.html Click here : http : //www.huffingtonpost.com/chuck-lasker/economy-tanking-war-ontw_b_126981.html
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer addressed reports that President Trump 's son-in-law Jared Kushner had an undisclosed business relationship with Goldman Sachs and billionaire left-wing financier George Soros on Wednesday 's Breitbart News Daily .
“ This is a company that not only is Jared Kushner an investor in , they co-founded in 2014 , ” Schweizer noted . “ So this is not some passive investment that one of their advisers said to put money into , and was forgotten about . They co-founded it . It 's a real estate tech startup . Obviously it has a lot of ambitions . He 's got a lot of money in it , and they failed to disclose it on their financial forms . ”
LISTEN :
“ That 's a massive , massive problem . The whole purpose of disclosures – whether you are asking the Clintons to do it , Barack Obama to do it , Jared Kushner to do it , or Mitch McConnell to do it – is so the American people can know : who are they financially dependent on , who do they have ties to , who might have leverage over them ? ” Schweizer explained .
“ The problem is that Jared Kushner 's position in the White House , they are essentially the liaison with the business community . He 's not in charge of protocol . He 's not in charge of public outreach . They are basically the go-between with the business community , so they are ground zero for precisely the kinds of concerns and issues that one might have about very , very troubling financial transactions , ” they said .
Schweizer conceded that “ it 's always hard to look into somebody 's head ” and judge whether such a filing omission was a mistake , or an intentional act of deception .
“ People that defend Jared Kushner could say , ‘ Well , look , he 's got a lot of assets , a lot of companies . ' Here 's the problem : it 's hard even with Jared Kushner 's wealth to hide your stake , your involvement , with one billion dollars in loans . So I think this is a massive problem , ” they contended .
“ I think a couple of things need to happen , ” Schweizer suggested . “ Number One , Jared Kushner needs to look at who filled out the disclosure forms for him . If he 's saying they had no involvement with lacking this disclosure , somebody needs to be fired . ”
“ I think the second question needs to be : what other investments could be out there lurking that we 're not aware of ? ” they asked . “ To be clear , it is a federal penalty , it is a crime , to fail to disclose things on your financial forms . I 'm not a lawyer , so I could n't speak to this particular case , but these rules and laws have real teeth because they present real problems . ”
“ On a scale from 1 to 10 , I would put this at a 7 , ” they concluded , responding to SiriusXM host Alex Marlow 's request to rank the severity of this transparency issue .
Marlow referred back to a recent interview they gave to New York Magazine , in which they observed that Kushner rarely grants interviews or issues public statements , so it is difficult to draw conclusions about their agenda , or measure how much influence they truly wield in the Trump White House .
“ Every president has advisers that have input , that offer insight , but those advisers – whether it 's Trump or Obama – generally there 's a good public knowledge about them , because they serve them during the campaign . They 've been public officials , or outspoken on issues in one way or the other , ” Schweizer noted . “ Jared Kushner has not . During the campaign , they said very , very little publicly . Before that , in terms of their politics or their policy views , very , very hard to discern . And he , in a sense , kind of emerges out of nowhere to become this very powerful figure in the Trump White House . ”
“ Now , President Trump certainly has a right to do that , ” they allowed . “ But I think with that elevation of Jared Kushner needs to come , in a sense , allowing us to lift the hood up from the car and see what kind of engine is underneath there – to see really what their views are , have them do some public interviews about what their positions are . ”
Schweizer reiterated that Kushner should expect heightened scrutiny because they are “ a liaison with the business community . ”
“ He is now the sort of go-between , between President Trump and people like Goldman Sachs and/or George Soros that might have business in the White House , ” they elaborated . “ These are people they do business with , and has commingled assets with . The American people need to know , and for a campaign that I think ‘ draining the swamp ' and transparency were such important issues , this circumstance I think demands that kind of response . ”
Schweizer called for “ some sort of independent audit , ” a term they disliked using but found closest to what they envision .
“ There needs to be somebody independently that goes in and looks through their assets to make sure that there are n't other big conflicts that are undisclosed lurking , ” they said . “ The problem is , you really ca n't have confidence in whoever prepared these forms for Jared Kushner because you 've got these gaps . I would be surprised if there are n't more of these kinds of mistakes or omissions , because it just seems to me this one is so big and so glaring , it 's hard for me to believe that it was just an oversight , and it 's hard for me to believe that this is the only one that exists . ”
Marlow asked if Kushner specifically having ties with Goldman Sachs and George Soros would cause problems with Trump voters , of if such dealings should simply be understood as inescapable aspects of New York City high finance .
“ I think from the policy standpoint I would have less concern about this , precisely for what you said , ” Schweizer replied . “ Look , when you 're looking at these large investments where you have very wealthy people or their offices investing , co-investing , you find this a fair amount . So I do n't think this necessarily says anything about Jared Kushner 's politics or policy views , the fact that he 's co-invested with George Soros . ”
“ But I do think , as we talked about earlier , there is this mystery . What actually are their views about crony capitalism ? ” they continued . “ What are their views about the tax rate ? What are their views about the Export-Import Bank , and those other issues that have been lurking out there for so long ? ”
“ He obviously has an important voice and is going to be a player at the table . People know what everybody else around the table is thinking . People basically know what Gary Cohn thinks . They know what Steve Bannon thinks . People do n't know what Jared Kushner thinks , and I think the American people , particularly the people that have supported him , would expect to know and want to know what those views are , ” Schweizer said .
They pointed out that Kushner appears to have an extraordinarily broad portfolio in the Trump administration , having turned up in Iraq last month .
“ Is they a diplomat ? Are they a liaison with the business community ? Are they doing both of those things ? If so , what are their views ? Do they have any background or any qualifications in those areas ? ” Schweizer asked . “ I think these are all legitimate questions that people have a right to ask , and to want to know . And yet , it 's kind of shrouded with mystery . ”
“ I can tell you , if you look through American history , any time there have been family members sort of intermingled with an American presidency – whether that 's a Kennedy administration , and Bobby Kennedy is Attorney General , or going back to Woodrow Wilson where they were basically disabled and their wife ran the country – this is the lurking concern and fear that people have , ” they recalled . “ That is , who is actually making the decisions ? You really ca n't fire a family member per se . They 're going to remain your family member . So it creates a different kind of dynamic and environment , that somebody ca n't just be told to go away if they make a massive mistake or engage in destructive behaviors . It presents a unique challenge . ”
“ I think that 's why it 's important for the Trump White House to get out in front of his , and this issue of disclosure . This is sort of Clean Government 101 , ” they said .
Schweizer recalled calling out Hillary Clinton 's campaign manager John Podesta for “ his failure to disclose their ties to this company that was funded in part by a Russian fund that Vladimir Putin ran . ”
“ We were right to call them out , ” they maintained . “ The same thing needs to occur here . This is basic stuff that needs to be done , and the fact that it 's not being done at this point , a hundred days in , is extremely troubling . ”
Peter Schweizer is a Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large , president of the Government Accountability Institute , and author of the best-selling book Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich .
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern .
Listen to the full audio of the interview above .
LUCKNOW : At least 32 people , including children , were killed and dozens more injured when an express train derailed in northern India on Friday , authorities said .
Television images showed two mangled carriages sitting beside the track after the accident , which occurred around 50 kilometres from Lucknow , capital of the northern state of Uttar Pradesh .
Neeraj Sharma , chief public relations officer for Northern Railway , said the rescue work had been completed by the afternoon and a total of 32 bodies had been found .
Another 50 people received injuries in the crash .
An official at the scene said one of the coaches was vacant at the time of the accident , limiting the number of deaths .
The Press Trust of India news agency said the train apparently overshot a signal before crashing into a barrier and coming off the rails .
Sharma said there would be an official investigation into the cause of the accident , which could have been down to driver negligence or the brake system failing . Railways minister expressed their grief at the loss of life and promised to expedite the process of modernising the country 's rail infrastructure .
“ This budget I focused on safety as I feel saddened by loss of life and injuries to our valued passengers . We must modernise crumbling infrastructure , ” Suresh Prabhu said on Twitter . “ We are prioritising safety as thrust area . ”
The minister said the “ neglect of past or limited budget resource ca n't be the reason for accidents ” . “ It takes some time to neutralise past inaction . We will , ” Mr Prabhu added .
The minister had said last month that decades of underinvestment had taken their toll on the rail network and promised to restore it to its former glory .
Deadly accidents are common on India 's railways , whose vast and rundown network carries tens of millions of people daily .
Published in Dawn March 21st , 2015
On a mobile phone ? Get the Dawn Mobile App : Apple Store | Google Play
The acclaimed digital-first series from DC Comics , The Legend Of Wonder Woman has got a second series according to one of the book 's creators , Renae De Liz . With their partner Ray Dillon , the series had been critically acclaimed with many people seeing it in a different light to the New 52 Wonder Woman from the Finches , the recent Grant Morrison/Yanick Paquette volume , and the new Frank Cho-covered series but there had been some doubt as to whether or not it would continue .
Legend of Wonder Woman Pt 2 doesnt seem likely . Despite reprints , sell-outs , new readerships , great reviews & # 3 sales going up . Sorry : ( — Renae De Liz ( @ RenaeDeLiz ) April 4 , 2016
That has now been done away with .. ,
I 'm so excited to announce that @ DCcomics has officially green lit LEGEND OF WONDER WOMAN – Volume 2 ! ! ! pic.twitter.com/h17QmWmQEQ — Renae De Liz ( @ RenaeDeLiz ) May 18 , 2016
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool . Father of two . Comic book clairvoyant . Political cartoonist .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Codi Wilson and Chris Fox , CP24.com
Officials say that a six-alarm fire that gutted a historic racquet club in the city 's Deer Park neighbourhood and prompted the evacuation of a number of nearby buildings is not considered suspicious .
Several buildings were evacuated when the massive fire broke out on the second floor of The Badminton & Racquet Club of Toronto , located near Yonge Street and St. Clair Avenue , shortly after 9 a.m. Tuesday .
The fire raged for most of the day and it took fire crews more than 20 hours before they could formally declare the incident “ under control ” in the early hours of Wednesday morning .
In addition to evacuations , the fire also forced officials shut down roads and TTC service in the area .
Officials are hoping to open at least two lanes on St. Clair Avenue in time for rush hour
“ I will tell you right now it is not suspicious , ” Toronto Fire Deputy Chief Jim Jessop told reporters on Wednesday afternoon , noting that it could take weeks or months to determine the actual cause . “ The Office of the Ontario Fire Marshal and Toronto fire investigators are continuing the preliminary stages of the investigation so it is way too early to suggest what the cause may be . ”
Jessop said that crews continue to put out minor hot spots in the charred remains of the building , a process they estimated could take a “ couple more hours ” to complete .
Meanwhile , Jessop said that power has been restored at a condominium building at 1430 Yonge Street that was evacuated on Tuesday .
Jessop said the hope is that most residents will be able to return home tonight , though they conceded that some units that have been used by firefighters may not be ready for reoccupation until tomorrow .
Jessop said that firefighters had to breach the door of one condominium unit to gain access .
“ We may have to continue to use a few of the units on the fourth and fifth floor to continue spraying water on the roof and some of the hot spots , ” they said . “ The crews have done an admirable job . There is limited water and small footprints . We have not disturbed anything and have been very , very careful in those units so as to not be disrespectful to anybody 's home . ”
Large buildup of water
Water as deep as 12 feet has been reported in the basement of the building and Toronto Hydro along with Toronto Fire is working to pump the water out .
The exact number of people evacuated following the fire is also unclear and officials say there is still work to be done before some of the buildings adjacent to the racquet club can be reoccupied .
“ We are dealing with a large quantity of water and some water infiltration into hydro vaults , ” Toronto Fire Chief Matthew Pegg said earlier Wednesday morning . “ We also need to have the natural gas supply restored . We have had to shut it off in the area . ”
Pegg said crews will also need to undertake air quality testing before people can return to the buildings .
Toronto Fire is also currently ventilating the buildings impacted by the fire .
“ Fortunately my colleagues at the Office of Emergency Management told me all but four of our residents last night were able to secure their own accommodations , ” Pegg said .
“ I know that the city through OEM did provide accommodations for I believe four people . The rest of our residents were able to stay with family and friends so that 's fantastic . ”
An emergency centre set up at 55 St. Clair West was closed as of noon Wednesday , officials said .
Jessop said so far , there is nothing to suggest that any of the surrounding buildings sustained structural damage .
OFM will be investigating
The investigation into the fire is already underway , the fire chief said , and the Ontario Office of the Fire Marshal will be attending the scene .
Pegg confirmed that while two firefighters sustained minor injuries in the fire , no civilians were injured .
The fire chief was unable to provide a damage estimate .
`` We wo n't have any indication of dollar loss until such time as we get into the actual origin and cause investigation , '' Pegg added .
`` Anything that 's left , there is an extraordinary amount of damage ... I highly doubt there is going to be a lot of salvageable building left there . ''
A memo sent to members of the club by the chief operating officer of the facility said that it appears the fire originated in the main lounge in the southeast corner of the building but Pegg could not confirm that information Wednesday .
`` At this point it would be speculative for me to guess that . Our investigation team along with OFM will do all of the interviews and determine what they can do from a scene examination , '' Pegg said .
A full safety assessment will have to be done before investigators are sent into the building .
`` The devastation is enormous and whether or not the investigators from Toronto Fire or OFM will ever determine cause will be a challenge , '' Jessop said .
Both the fire chief and the deputy chief applauded crews for preventing the fire from spreading to neighbouring buildings .
TTC resumes regular operations in the area :
TTC service returned to normal in the neighbourhood this morning after transit staff shut down St. Clair Station and halted streetcar service in the area due to the fire .
TTC spokesperson Stuart Green confirmed the station reopened Wednesday morning and regular train service has resumed .
The 512 streetcar also resumed operations in the area this morning .
The intersection of Yonge and St. Clair had almost completely reopened to traffic by 7 p.m. Wednesday .
Samsung will take the stage at MWC 2017 in Barcelona on February 26th at 1:00PM EST to unveil its latest in mobile tech . The Korean tech giant will reportedly unveil a new tablet , a successor to the Galaxy Tab S2 , the Galaxy Tab S3 . We 're also expecting Samsung to show us a first glimpse of the upcoming flagship smartphones , the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ . The company has told several that it will even announce the date in which it will fully unveil the two beasts , said to take place sometime near late March . Accompanying the Barcelona event will be a live-stream on YouTube brought to us by Samsung , who will allow you to sit back and watch the show from the comfort of your own home .
Tuesday could be a big day for Samsung Electronics , despite the fact that the Galaxy S8 will not be uncovered at the event . Instead , Samsung could show off its rumored Galaxy Tab S3 , fordable hardware prototypes , a one minute long Galaxy S8 teaser video , and possibly the launch date of their upcoming smartphone models . Lots are still up in the air , but knowing Samsung , they 'll have brought a showstopper to take advantage of the time . Surely , we 'll find out Sunday .
Samsung has already scheduled the event and has sent out invites to press for attendance . However , that 's not the only way one can watch it . As mentioned above , Samsung will live-stream the unveiling on YouTube .
The live-stream is now up and will begin once the clock ticks 1:00PM EST . Bookmark this page and tune-in when the event starts . We 've included the stream for you directly below . In the meantime , you can catch up on what to expect here . You can count on us to bring you full coverage and post analysis once the event gets underway . Have a look here to see our latest news .
UPDATE : Re-watch the event in its entirety below or follow the links to our Samsung MWC 2017 coverage and analysis .
Vote and learn more in our Weekly Poll - > Weekly Poll : What company 's products are you looking forward to meeting most at MWC 2017 ?
View our constantly updating MWC 2017 guide of what to expect and what we have thus far - > MWC 17 : A Roundup of what we know thus far
As our citywide conversation on drinking and driving continues , the City of Austin has launched a new service outlining the ways in which folks can safely get home after a night of partying . In addition to the standard list of cab companies , pedicabs and car services available around town , the City outlined a few interesting initiatives that many of us may not know exist .
If you drive downtown and have a few drinks , The City of Austin encourages you to leave your car and use alternative forms of transit to get home .
For Austinites who drive downtown , but end up having a few drinks , the City wants to remind you that leaving your car and using alternative forms of transit to get home is an option .
If you know you 're going to be imbibing , many downtown parking kiosks offer the option to buy time for the next day . Before heading into that swanky wine bar or meeting the friend who always encourages shots of Fireball , simply hit that big yellow button , slap that parking sticker on your windshield and be on your merry way .
Also , officials note , parking enforcement does not start until 8 am on weekdays and 11 am on Saturdays . If you know you can get back to your vehicle before the enforcement team hits the streets , you do n't even need to purchase next day parking . So , if you find you 've had one to many during that post-work happy hour , do n't worry . Just jump on a bus and pick up your car before heading into the office the next day .
But what if this option is n't available at your kiosk ? If you get a parking ticket for leaving your vehicle overnight , do n't worry . Grab a receipt from the taxi or keep your bus ticket as proof of your responsible choice , and the fee will be waived . ( You must take proof to the Department of Transportation office at 1111 Rio Grande St. ) It 's also important to note that the City wo n't tow your vehicle simply for being in an expired metered spot overnight , and meters are not enforced on Sunday .
Austinites who use CapMetro with any frequency know the frustration of waiting for a bus only to remember that they stop running long before bars let out . The City also points out that residents who live near the University of Texas campus , Riverside Drive or West Campus can hop on the E-Bus after a night out for just one dollar . ( UT students , faculty and staff ride for free . )
The E-Bus picks up downtown at the corner of East Seventh and San Jacinto streets until 3 am on Thursday through Saturday . It drops off at Nueces and 27th streets ; Whitis and 21st streets ; Riverside Drive and Parker Lane ; Crossing Place ; and Lakeshore and Riverside drives . For more information , including schedules , visit the E-Bus website . And before you scoff at the idea of getting on a bus filled with drunk college students , remember : you 're probably going to be drunk , too . And , hey , maybe you 'll get a good story out of it .
All of this is part a new `` Know Before You Go '' campaign aimed at encouraging Austinites to think of alternative ways to get home before they know they 're going to be drinking . For a full list of resources , including how to add your own ideas , head to Know Before You Go homepage .
B.C . conservation officials have launched an investigation after video was posted Saturday to YouTube showing an unidentified man jumping on and riding a moose .
The video , shot from a motorboat , shows the pursuit of a moose as it crosses a shallow body of water .
A man in bathing trunks is on the bow of the boat . As the boat pulls up behind the moose , the man jumps onto its back and rides the struggling animal for 15 seconds before falling off .
One of the passengers in the boat can be heard shouting , `` I 've never seen anything so awesome . '' Others in the boat can be heard laughing .
David Vince , a conservation officer with the B.C . Ministry of the Environment , says there is a law against harassing wildlife and what 's shown in the video is `` the ultimate form of harassment . ''
`` You can see that the moose is struggling with that fellow on their back . You can see the fright in their eyes , '' they told CBC News .
Vince says conservation officers believe the incident may have taken place last July on Tuchodi Lakes in Northern Rocky Mountains Provincial Park , although the exact location has yet to be confirmed .
He 's asking anyone with information to call 1-877-952-7277 .
The video was sent to the province 's conservation service by a group called Wolftracker .
Wolftracker 's Facebook page says it supports `` responsible , legal , predator control in British Columbia . ''
Google Map : Northern Rocky Mountains Provincial Park
Microsoft has tried to push standards with its mobile Internet Explorer browser , but unfortunately the wider web largely develops specifically for the webkit rendering engine and the iPhone . That 's left a lot of mobile websites not rendering properly in Internet Explorer mobile , and a frustrating user experience . Twitter and a number of Google web sites do not render correctly in Windows Phone , but Microsoft thinks it has an answer . With the upcoming Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1 , Microsoft is tweaking its mobile browser to better support sites that were designed for an iPhone . The approach means Microsoft is adding non-standard web platform features , but the result is a much better experience for Windows Phone users .
Some of the changes involve correcting problems where Internet Explorer is not recognized as a mobile browser , or times when web developers use old and proprietary webkit-prefixed features . All of these issues result in Windows Phone displaying a web site that 's not fully mobile optimized , or does n't render correctly at all . Microsoft is n't giving up on web standards in favor of webkit , but it 's certainly a step back and recognition of the reality of mobile websites today . Mozilla does similar fixes for Firefox , and the two companies are collaborating to record broken sites at webcompat.com . Ironically , Microsoft 's issues are not too dissimilar to the ones its rivals faced in the Internet Explorer 6 era , when the software maker ignored web standards back when it was the dominant browser .
Before , left , and after with Windows Phone 8.1 Update 1 , right .
Microsoft estimates that its changes will improve more than 40 percent of the top 500 mobile websites in Internet Explorer . The company has posted a number of sample images , with Twitter , Baidu , The New York Times , Answers , and Macy 's set to benefit from the changes . It 's not clear if Google Maps and Gmail , which render badly on Windows Phone , will benefit from the changes , but Windows Phone users will certainly benefit from a lot of mobile sites rendering properly in future .
Sony released new art for the upcoming God of War video game , featuring Kratos and their son . Check out the latest images and trailer below .
God of War gets released later this year for PS4 .
Info :
What happens when a legend is freed from the gods ? In God of War , Kratos is back , and he 's now mortal , a man living with their son as they fight those who would disrupt their new life . Defeat the demons that plague them as they discover who they really are in God of War .
Their vengeance against the gods of Olympus far behind him , Kratos now lives as a man in the lands of Norse Gods and monsters . It is in this harsh , unforgiving world that they must fight to survive… and teach their son to do the same .
As mentor and protector to a son determined to earn their respect , Kratos is faced with an unexpected opportunity to master the rage that has long defined him .
Set within the untamed forests , mountains , and realms of Norse lore , God of War features a distinctly new setting with its own pantheon of creatures , monsters , and gods .
With an intimate , over-the-shoulder free camera that brings the action closer than ever , combat in God of War is up close , frenetic , and unflinching . Kratos ' axe — powerful , magic and multi-faceted – is a brutal weapon .
I got a lot of feedback from Race , Genetics and Taboo . Mostly positive , believe it or not . One particularly engaging e-mail conversation was with Jonathan Tweet , author of the fantastic evolutionary children 's book Grandmother Fish . A lot came out of these dialogues worth sharing with the world . In any case , it 's my responsibility as a geneticist . Just as educators need to speak openly about safe sex despite it being an uncomfortable topic , so it is with race . Thus , even though I maintain that other species are more interesting , here I am writing again about ( human ) race and genetics .
It has often been noted that black people perform worse than white people , on average , on various standardized tests . Naturally , racists love to jump on this statistic as evidence for genetic interracial racial differences in cognitive ability . And of course , their logic is faulty . The scientific method says that you ca n't infer a genetic effect between two groups when you have n't controlled for environmental factors . I 'm not even going to get into whole question of what IQ is , or whether IQ tests actually measure important neurological characteristics accurately .
It should be a no-brainer that blacks and whites experience the world differently on a day-to-day basis thanks to , well , racism . But does that explain the tests ? After all , we still see an effect after controlling for things like income and geography . In fact , we see an effect called regression to the mean . Basically , children of parents with unusually low IQ tend not to have such extreme IQ , but are closer to the mean value for their race . The same goes for children of atypically smart parents . Is this as evidence that IQ differences between races are due to genetics ? Nope . Here 's why .
Part of the problem is the oversimplicity of the phrase “ nature vs. nurture. ” The word “ nurture ” implies parental care . It leads us to think that the non-genetic effects are mostly attributed to “ how you are raised. ” But this is n't the case . A good discussion of the topic can be found in Stephen Pinker 's The Blank Slate . Pinker points out that variation in parenting has little effect on variation in the behaviors and abilities of our offspring . Instead , most non-genetic effects are due to the greater environment : our peers , the media , cultural whisperings , and seemingly trivial chance experiences .
This article , for example , makes the bizarre claim that regression only matches a genetic model . But regression to the mean is a basic statistical property of nearly all types of data . It is certainly not unique to genetics . The article implies that children of high IQ parents should have both good “ nature ” ( genes ) and good “ nurture ” ( parenting ) , so they should match their parents ' IQs . But that makes no sense . Even smart , well-off parents ca n't shield a kid from racism . Children are still going to learn behavioral expectations from their classmates , stories , and random strangers , and those will impact their performance . So cultural factors can also explain regression to the mean . In any case , there are genetic factors that explain differences in IQ among people . These just do n't measurably differ among races . But they still will contribute to a regression to the mean phenomenon : a randomly selected person will have an IQ that is similar to the IQ of their or their close relatives , but closer to the mean .
If someone tried to pass off this kind of inference on any other species , their colleagues would roll their eyes . Imagine that there are feral dogs and pet dogs in my town , and they form distinct genetic populations because Lady-and-the-Tramp-type romantic scenarios are rare . Say I discover that feral dogs take longer to learn a task . I could not publish a paper claiming a genetic basis for this learning difference . More likely , something about the experience of being a feral dog affects the ability to be trained . But there would be variation in both groups , and some feral dogs would be quick learners . Suppose I found that feral puppies from fast-learning feral dogs regressed back down toward the feral dog mean . That would be perfectly compatible with the feral-pet difference being cultural , not genetic . If I really wanted to test it , I 'd need to raise dogs side by side in a common garden experiment . Otherwise , concluding that it 's genetic would be a great way to get my paper rejected from any reasonable journal .
So the human data are compatible with either genetic or cultural effects . Still , you may ask , is n't it plausible that the genetic explanation is correct , even if we ca n't prove it ? Sure , it 's possible , but it 's not very likely . From first principles , any geneticist should be skeptical of a genetic basis for racial IQ differences , because the trend is opposite from what you should expect . Quantitative geneticists are very familiar with heterosis , or hybrid vigor : genetically diverse organisms usually show greater health , growth , and fitness . This phenomenon is seen in numerous animals and plants . Most species , including humans , have two copies of their genome , one from each parent . If the two copies of a gene are different from each other , that can have two beneficial consequences . First , it 's less likely that both will be broken in the same way and produce to some harmful effect . And second , it 's more likely that the two different copies will act synergistically and provide higher fitness than either one would alone . African Americans have higher genetic diversity than European Americans for two reasons . One , the ancestors of Europeans underwent a genetic bottleneck when a relatively small number of them left Africa . And two , most African Americans have both European and African ancestry , so they possess variants from both continents at many regions of their genomes . So if heterosis played a meaningful role in human intelligence , it would not favor whites . If anything , one would expect black Americans to have higher IQs than white Americans . The fact that the observed pattern is in the other direction suggests that it has nothing to do with genetics .
Still , could n't there be some slight genetic difference ? Maybe . But not like you think . Even if some measurable genetic difference were found , it would not be an explanation for anything important to society . It would not be the cause of differences in crime rates or educational achievement among races . It would not be the reason that Europe is more developed than Africa . It would not explain the dearth of melanin in the average Nobel Prize winner . Humans behavior is too complex , too plastic , too responsive to culture . The cognitive and psychological difference between a modern human and their own direct ancestor a thousand years ago is vastly greater than between that person and their neighbor of a different race . This comic is about sex differences , but a similar point could be made about race .
Remember , “ scientific ” racism is a pseudoscience . Like astrology . Astrologists claim that your birth month determines all sorts of essential personality characteristics . They have no evidence for this . A very careful analysis could theoretically reveal such an effect , perhaps due to your relative age compared to most of your classmates . But so what ? I can confidently say that any such effect is much smaller than what a typical astrology buff believes . It 's certainly not an overarching driver of who you are . And there is no reason to assume that any such differences would line up with astrological predictions . So it is with race . Racist claims are similarly nonsense , not science . Give them the no more credence than the assertion that aliens built the pyramids . But do n't ignore them . Address them . Unchecked , they are dangerous .
Advertisements
NBC 7 's Llarisa Abreu reports the newest details on a woman who was shot when a man living above them accidentally discharged their weapon . ( Published Wednesday , Aug. 16 , 2017 )
A woman visiting their daughter 's apartment in Oceanside Tuesday night was shot by a neighbor who – while cleaning their gun – accidentally discharged a round into the floor that separates the units , striking the victim as they sat on the couch watching television .
The Oceanside Police Department ( OPD ) said the accidental shooting happened just before 11 p.m. at a small residential building on Bush Street , less than a half-mile from Interstate 5 , in San Diego 's North County .
Investigators said the neighbor , whose name was not released , had sat down to clean their 9mm Glock handgun when they accidentally discharged a chambered round into the floor of their apartment .
In the unit directly below was a woman from Huntington Beach , California , who was in town house sitting for their daughter . The bullet went through the floor and into the lower-level apartment , hitting the woman in the leg .
The neighbor who discharged the gun ran downstairs to help the victim and called 911 . When officers and medics arrived , they found the neighbor rendering aid to the victim .
A crew with the Oceanside Fire Department rushed the shooting victim to a critical care unit . They were unconscious and barely breathing in the ambulance , the OPD said .
The woman 's wound is life-threatening ; as of 12:15 p.m. , their condition was unknown . Them name was not released .
No one else was hurt in the accidental shooting .
The OPD said detectives from the Crimes of Violence Unit are investigating . The neighbor who fired the gun is currently not in custody .
Theresa May Laughs Off Jacob Rees-Mogg Cabinet Job Suggestion
Theresa May has laughed off a suggestion to hand Jacob Rees-Mogg a job in their Cabinet .
The Prime Minister sat down for a wide-ranging interview with Iain Dale at Downing Street on Wednesday .
Eccentric Tory backbencher Mr Rees-Mogg has become somewhat of an internet sensation over recent months - proving particularly popular among younger voters .
Picture : PA/LBC
Read More : Jacob Rees-Mogg - History Proves Backbenchers Do n't Become Leaders
He 's also seen their odds slashed to become the next leader of the Conservative Party .
So , would the Prime Minister consider giving Mr Rees-Mogg a Cabinet job ? That 's exactly what Iain asked them
After a brief chuckle , Mrs May said : “ Jacob is a great colleague and they make a huge contribution in the House of Commons .
“ It 's always worth listening to Jacob 's contribution in the House of Commons because they are a great history buff and you learn an awful lot when you listen to him . ”
Hear the Prime Minister 's full interview with LBC here .
Tactics May Help Win Lawsuits , or in Campus Disciplinary Proceedings
Contact
GWU Law School
* * * @ gwu.edu GWU Law School
End
-- WASHINGTON , D.C. ( February 18 , 2015 ) : It appears that men accused of date rape are increasingly using text messages , and other social media communications such as on Facebook , to defend themselves by showing that their accusers sent messages which were friendly , flirtatious , and possibly even flagrantly sexual following the alleged unconsented sex , notes public interest law professor John Banzhaf , who was one of the first to report how men are also using lawsuits and videotapes to fight back.Very recently the Daily Beast published an article citing Facebook chats from the accuser to the accused following their complaint of an alleged terrifying campus rape . Many of the communications suggest that the two are still friends , something many may find inconsistent with - or at least cast serious doubts about - their claims to be the victim of a violent rape . Indeed one such communication , reads : '' I love you Paul . Where are you ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! `` Although the male was cleared of all charges by Columbia University , and they were never even charged with a crime , their accuser is not only sticking with their story , but actually carrying around a mattress on campus to generate publicity for their cause . Without their messages , they might well have been found guilty in a `` he said , they said '' evidentiary proceeding if there were no evidence other than their claims and their denials , says Banzhaf.In another recent development , just last week the New York Times Magazine ran a lengthy article about Stanford University where a female student filed a sexual abuse lawsuit . The accused then took some of their email correspondence and posted it to a website in hopes of undercutting their claims.One , allegedly sent more than six weeks after their breakup , read : “ Joe , you are capable of treating me better than any man in the world . You have proven this to me before , which is why I fell in love with you….I crave for you to come closer. ” Perhaps even more telling was an email from the accuser to one of their friends , in which they discussed what they called a “ Joe take down scheme. ” Another unexpected and ironic result of the administration 's efforts to pressure colleges to more aggressively find students guilty of date rape is that more male students are likely to begin videotaping their sex encounters , usually surreptitiously.Such video recordings have been used successfully to defeat allegations of rape , a number of Internet web sites are recommending video taping to men as a defensive tactic , and the practice is reportedly not illegal in the great majority of states , says law professor John Banzhaf.Since only 17 states explicitly define rape as penetration without consent , and the remainder generally require either that the woman at the time be `` physically helpless '' - i.e. , unconscious , or unable to resist or communicate - or that the defendant use force or the threat of force , a videotape showing no apparent manifestations of force , and a female complainant able to move even a tiny bit ( i.e. , perhaps drunk , but not “ helpless ” ) could at the very least create enough doubt as to require a “ not guilty ” finding.Moreover , even in those 17 states which do require consent - Alabama , DC , Florida , Kansas , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Nebraska , Nevada , New Hampshire , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , Utah , Vermont , Washington - a videotape showing the female actively cooperating in any way in the sex act could be taken to signify their consent , even if there is no proof that they verbally agreed.News reports indicate that videotapes can often provide a successful defense to rape : ■ Four students at Hofstra University were accused of gang raping a fellow student , but were freed when a cell phone video indicated that the sexual encounter was consensual■ A San Francisco lawyer , charged with raping three women , had the charges regarding two women dismissed because they had videotaped those encounters.■ A man was found not guilty of an alleged gang rape after a Cook County , Illinois , jury was shown a videotape arguably showing some signs of consent as pointed out by an expert witness.Although the Federal Wiretapping statute prohibits audio recording , it does not limit recording of video-only images . Moreover , the great majority of the states also do not criminalize videotaping.In any event , the few state laws which criminalize it are full of restrictions and loopholes so they may not apply where a man videotapes their own sexual activities in their own room , not for sexual gratification , but rather as a legal defense to rape.Also , some men are apparently taking the view that they would rather be changed with the less serious crime of illegal videotaping than the much more serious felony of rape.Several Internet web sites are suggesting that men should routinely videotape their sexual encounters as a possible defense to a charge of date rape.This may be part of the backlash which is being spawned by federal pressure on universities to punish more students accused of rape.Another measure of this apparently growing backlash is the growing number of men bringing lawsuits against their universities after having been found guilty of date rape , sexual assault , etc . - about a dozen of which have already been successful , says law professor Banzhaf.Male students have already used legal action successfully at Brown ( 2X ) , Central College , Denison , Duke ( 2X ) , George Washington , Holy Cross , Occidental , Saint Joseph , University of the South , and Xavier.Meanwhile , lawsuits filed by male students convicted by their universities of rape and/or sexual assault are pending against Bucknell , Cincinnati , Columbia , Delaware State , Depauw , Drew , Kenyon , U of Michigan , Philadelphia U , Swarthmore , Vassar , Williams , and perhaps others.JOHN F. BANZHAF III , B.S.E.E. , J.D. , Sc.D.Professor of Public Interest LawGeorge Washington University Law School , FAMRI Dr. William Cahan Distinguished Professor , Fellow , World Technology Network , Founder , Action on Smoking and Health ( ASH ) 2000 H Street , NWWashington , DC 20052 , USA ( 202 ) 994-7229 // ( 703 ) 527-8418 http : //banzhaf.net/ @ profbanzhaf
Classpect RPGstuck a guest Mar 17th , 2015 431 Never a guest431Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet ? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features !
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.00 KB Classes Rogue Thief Heir Maid Page Knight Seer Mage Sylph Witch Bard Prince Custom Champ- One who fights for X ( I fight to achieve X , My fighting causes X ) Thrall- One who is consumed by X Bane- One who opposes X Foe - one who destroys/opposes others that possess X Guard - One who defends those who possess X Mask - One who conceals X . Passive counter to Bane . Knave - fakes owning/possessing X Smith - One who creates with their element / builds their element Aspects Time Space Void Light Mind Heart Rage Hope Doom Lifeblood Breath Custom : Pan- Antithesis of Blood , Fear Hate- Opposite of Cause , Negative Motivation , Determination , Persistence Pain- Pain is Pain , Loss , Suffering , and Hurt . Corruption . Lack of . Wealth - Abundance of , Physical wealth , possession , gain . Ki - Unity of self , instinct and will . Urge- Reflexes , Intuition , Impulse , Acts upon a lack of knowledge Touch - Unspoken elements , promotes change Word - Spoken elements , static and information
RAW Paste Data
Classes Rogue Thief Heir Maid Page Knight Seer Mage Sylph Witch Bard Prince Custom Champ- One who fights for X ( I fight to achieve X , My fighting causes X ) Thrall- One who is consumed by X Bane- One who opposes X Foe - one who destroys/opposes others that possess X Guard - One who defends those who possess X Mask - One who conceals X . Passive counter to Bane . Knave - fakes owning/possessing X Smith - One who creates with their element / builds their element Aspects Time Space Void Light Mind Heart Rage Hope Doom Lifeblood Breath Custom : Pan- Antithesis of Blood , Fear Hate- Opposite of Cause , Negative Motivation , Determination , Persistence Pain- Pain is Pain , Loss , Suffering , and Hurt . Corruption . Lack of . Wealth - Abundance of , Physical wealth , possession , gain . Ki - Unity of self , instinct and will . Urge- Reflexes , Intuition , Impulse , Acts upon a lack of knowledge Touch - Unspoken elements , promotes change Word - Spoken elements , static and information
It is Monday afternoon and Alecko Eskandarian is taking the opportunity to grab a quick bite at Euston Station just before they get on the train to Manchester for the latest part of their whistle-stop tour of England .
Eskandarian 's Premier League pilgrimage was very much their idea and when the New York Cosmos approved the visit , they jumped at the chance to learn different techniques and philosophies - and catch up with old friends - in their quest to develop as a coach .
The 33-year-old 's coaching career is clearly going places - and not just across the Pond . Last season the LED the New York Cosmos B team to the NPSL title and they played a key role in the senior team lifting the NASL Soccer Bowl in both 2013 and 2015 .
This week they are in England and , after escaping Storm Jonas , Eskandarian took in the match between their beloved Arsenal and Chelsea on Sunday and they have made plans to visit with Arsenal , Tottenham , Everton , Liverpool and Manchester United .
What a day ... Tough result but an unforgettable experience . Thank you @ Arsenal . pic.twitter.com/Ya5D24FmsX — Alecko Eskandarian ( @ alecko11 ) January 24 , 2016
`` I 'm using my resources in the UK to try to visit some clubs and games and gain knowledge and information , '' Eskandarian told The Telegraph over a sandwich . `` I 've always been a student of the game and I love European football . It felt like a good time to come here in the off-season and see how things are done at various levels - from the first team to the academy and sports science . Fortunately , I 've been able to connect with some great people who have been able to help me out .
`` There 's different level of access at different clubs . It 's very secretive at first-team level , especially at this time of the year , but I will try not to cause too much of a disturbance .
`` It was my idea but I 'm very grateful that the club approved it . I did something similar when I worked for the Philadelphia Union , when I was director of the academy there , we would go over to Europe once a year to 'Keep up the Joneses ' and see what other clubs were doing . It 's pretty valuable .
`` Everyone has different styles and ways . As someone who is interested in football I am interested in different techniques and philosophies . It 's also looking into how clubs are run from top to bottom .
`` We start pre-season on Feb 1 so this is the last week of off-time before we really get into it . ''
Soon after Eskandarian returns to the United States , an emotional encounter awaits when the Cosmos take on Armenian Premier League side Ararat Yerevan FC in a friendly .
Eskandarian is of Iranian-Armenian descent and their father Andranik , who was a stalwart in the Cosmos defence in the Seventies and Eighties , played for the Ararat FC youth team before they moved to the US .
Eskandarian is quick to point out that they had nothing to do with the scheduling of the match but admits that their family connection played some role in the setting up of the Feb 20 match in Los Angeles .
`` It was a coincidence that Ararat were going to LA anyway and they reached out to the Cosmos because of the [ family ] connection and thought it would be a good thing to schedule , '' Esandarian says . `` It turned out that we needed to get away from the cold , too , but I had no part in setting it up or anything like that . Obviously I was asked about it once they mentioned interest .
`` It 's something I 'm looking forward to it . My dad played for the Ararat club in Iran - it 's the biggest name in Armenian history and it 's something I 'm looking forward to . The family is going to try to go - I do n't know if they will but I have a lot of family in LA anyway . ''
One of the best moments in my 13 year professional soccer career . Thank you @ NYCosmosB . I 'll never forget this night . pic.twitter.com/GTpmN1FjTk — Alecko Eskandarian ( @ alecko11 ) August 10 , 2015
Eskandarian admits that it has not yet been decided if they will coach the B team this season and says the Cosmos face a huge challenge to retain the NASL title without Raul and Marcos Senna .
`` It will be different . As the assistant manager I find the challenge very appealing . We 're going to find different ways to play , different players to do it with .
`` We lose some great quality with Raul and Marcos Senna gone but we can give an opportunity to other players , who perhaps took a back-seat in the past . It will be difficult , it will be a challenge but I 'm looking forward to it . ''
As for the future , Eskandarian is relishing the opportunities the Cosmos have given him , which they hope will lead to a long , successful coaching career .
`` Up to this point I 've enjoyed putting myself in different positions - be it management or front office , '' they say . `` [ Head coach ] Gio Savarese has given me freedom to do a lot of things and I 've learned a lot . Where my future is I 'm not entirely sure but I 'm going to try to put myself in a position to try to be successful. ,
`` I 'm 33 , I 'm young in my field but I have a lot of experience . But I feel very equipped after this season to see what options are out there for me . ''
'Steve Nash was all set to play for New York Cosmos B '
One of the biggest talking points of the Cosmos 's season last year came when Steve Nash , the two-time NBA MVP and soccer aficionado , began training with the B team and was even given a squad number .
Eskandarian admits they had hoped to give Nash a game but unfortunately it did not work out as planned .
Report : Steve Nash training with NPSL 's New York Cosmos B http : //t.co/XZe35xDkyu pic.twitter.com/q9tHZFc3N5 — SI Wire ( @ SI_Wire ) July 5 , 2015
`` There was [ a plan for them to play ] . It was a shot in the dark , a lot of things were going to have to fit in for it to happen , '' Eskandarian says . `` I consider Steve a friend of mine , he 's a great person and a great soccer player . And me being manager of the B team , I wanted to have someone like that around our players with their work ethic and leadership .
`` As soon as I took over the B team and said to him , 'If you 're ever in New York and here for an extended period of time I have a place for you on this team . ' I was really excited about it - it was really perfect as everyone looks up to them for everything he 's done and how they carry himself . It was a shot in the dark , we tried to make it work but we could n't get it done .
`` Unfortunately scheduling conflicts made it impossible for Steve to commit . I knew that before reaching out , but it was certainly worth a shot . ''
Married at First Sight is back ! On season 5 of Kinetic Content 's hit social experiment show , three couples meet for the first time at the altar just minutes before exchanging vows . The newlyweds ( whose wedding portraits were taken by Mike Staff Productions ) are alternating each week blogging exclusively about the ups and down of marriage for PEOPLE . Check back after every episode for the latest in their road to ( possibly ) happily ever after ! This week 's blog comes from 26-year-old business manager Nate Duhon and 31-year-old Sheila Downs , a director of operations for a local school district in Chicago .
Nate 's Take
This episode picks back up with the conversation between my mother and I . My mother is having a difficult time accepting the way Sheila and I got married because of how much of a risk was involved . My mother , being the strong-willed individual that they are , had no problem voicing their concern .
It was somewhat frustrating to hear some of their views because in all that I 've done , they have always been supportive . In this case , it feels the complete opposite . Nonetheless , I love my mother with all my heart and I appreciate them trying to adjust to the decision Sheila and I made .
We cap off the episode with a rooftop party with all of our friends . We had a great time with unlimited food and unlimited drinks . Now , toward the end of the party , I was convinced to ask Sheila 's male best friend what their relationship looked like and what does a ” male best friend ” really mean ? ! By no means am I insecure nor has Sheila done anything with them to make me feel insecure , but at the moment I was more than tipsy and was easily influenced by the convincer . In retrospect , I look back and say that 's not Nate-like , but in life you live and you learn . The goal is to do better and not repeat similar mistakes .
FROM PEN : Vanessa Grimaldi Talks About Them First Impression of Fiance Nick Viall
Sheila 's Take
It 's no surprise that Nate 's mom was having a tough time letting go of their son . I knew from our first interaction that they are n't going to come to terms with there being another woman in Nate 's life any time soon . Was that ideal ? No , but what part of marrying a stranger is ideal ? I often reminded myself that we chose this . Our friends and families did n't , so if they agreed to come along on this crazy journey , then the least we could do was give them time . So take your time , Mama Duey , I 'm not going anywhere !
You can only stay in your love den so long before people alert the authorities , so Nate and I decided to finally come out and play . Now before you start the revolution ( please put down the torch , it 's scorching my eyebrows ) , my husband was indeed invited to come to dinner with Donnay and I. I am many things , but I am NOT a woman who would ever make my husband feel excluded or threatened by another man in any way . Nate could n't make it , but they sent me with their blessing ( and a film crew of about 10 people ) . At dinner , I could n't help but gush about how great my husband was and although Donnay was still a bit apprehensive about me marrying a stranger , they were happy that I was happy . After all , that 's what brothers are for .
Now let 's fast forward to the rooftop party . Everybody was having a great time , the libations were flowing , and the Duhons were hosting their first official party . Although the timing could n't have been worse , Nate was encouraged to discuss my friendship with Donnay . Nate 's judgment was clearly impaired and before I knew what was happening , there they were standing in the middle of the room having what should 've been a private conversation . Obviously , Donnay was mortified . They came to the party , like our other friends , to support us and have a good time . Once Nate called their friends over , I had seen enough . Married or not , I was n't about to let one of my dearest friends get railroaded when they did absolutely nothing wrong . If my husband had a concern , cool , we could work together to address it ; but not like this . Looking back , I could 've definitely been more patient with Nate . They were given terrible advice and although their execution left a lot to be desired , their intentions were pure . I was frustrated with production who instigated that situation , I felt bad for my friend who suddenly became a pawn , and I was disappointed in myself for allowing it to happen . As the party wrapped up , I was ready to go . Nate felt terrible and attempted to apologize ; but the damage was done . Nate and I left together , but for me , the seeds of mistrust were planted and I was suddenly very leery of the production process and determined not to let there be any more casualties in this process .
Married at First Sight airs Thursdays ( 9 p.m . ET ) on Lifetime .
Today , as is my wont , I was wandering around the Way of the Bern subreddit , and I came across a thread about recent trolling of that site by Clinton/DNC supporters . One comment struck me as heartbreaking . A woman spoke about how they had been cut off by many of their wealthy `` limousine liberal '' friends , because they refused to sing the praises of Hillary Clinton .
The individual in question has gone through some tough times , and according to their comment is not in the same socio-economc strata as their `` life-long '' friends .
Some excerpts from them their comments :
Because of my background , all my old friends are limousine liberals . It was startling , when my family experienced numerous tragedies and traumas during the years of the Obama administration due directly or indirectly to their governing and policies . They simply refused to make the connection , refused to accept it when I explained how one of their policies had led to our suffering in a direct and material way . My oldest friend in the world , who has known me since high school , so known me since I was a truly hardcore leftist ( I retreated into the mainstream in college , a woman who gave me the nursing rocker for my infant daughter that is still in their room now , when they are away at college ) , tried to badger me into cheering on Hillary in the Clinton-Trump debates , and when I refused , they hung up on me . We have not spoken since . I do not think we ever will . [ ... ] Even recognizing as I do how neoliberal ideology renders all relationships transactional , and all community monetarily determined and market-defined , I still ca n't quite accept how effectively it severs people from one other , from any kind of human decency and human fellowship .
An experience that I expect has occurred to many people who have family or friends that are dyed-in-the wool Democrats come hell or Hillary Clinton . It might have ended there , but their comment was picked up by Top Minds of Reddit , where it was linked as follows :
TopMinds have a unique opinion about `` neoliberals '' -- `` neoliberal ideology renders all relationships transactional , and all community monetarily determined and market-defined ''
When one subredddit site links to another , an automated bot posts that link in the original subreddit 's thread . Being the curious person that I am , I clicked on the link and the very first comment I read was , shall we say , less than charitable to people like the woman who posted their comment at WOTB . It seems the individual who posted it took offense at the use of the term neoliberal to imply that a person who self-identifies as one holds views that are harmful to the majority of the people outside the top 10 percentile of income .
Here is how that individual began their response :
Neoliberal is actually the most infuriating buzzword on the internet . 99.9 % of the time the term is used the user is a disabled Berntard that has no idea what it means . To this day I do n't think I 've ever even seen the term neoliberal used correctly , every time someone throws it at me I ask them to define it and they ca n't .
They or they then cited the definition of term from the `` neoliberal sub , '' which I suppose is a subreddit where self-identifying neoliberals go to talk among themselves . That definition given for `` neoliberal '' was very flattering . and I wo n't bother reciting it here . I frankly do n't care what labels people give to the global elites , liberal or not , who advance policies that favor free markets and capitalism over the needs of most people .
No , what bothered me was the defamatory and negative slur this person used , where they or they stated that `` 99.9 % of the time the term is used the user is a disabled Berntard ... ''
As someone who is disabled and a former Bernie Sander 's supporter , I found that remark outrageous in the extreme . So I responded to it as follows :
Hard to respond to someone who begins their comment with a defamatory slur : `` 99.9 % of the time the term is used the user is a disabled Berntard that has no idea what it means . '' As a disabled individual with a disabled spouse , both of us Bernie Sanders supporters , and as a person who has known developmentally disabled people including one of my nephews , I find your attitude lacking in compassion , empathy and simple ordinary respect for the dignity of all people .
In case the thread or my comment is deleted I took a screenshot of the page where this `` conversation '' appeared .
Sadly , I find that , at least online , this is a common response to anyone who refuses to accept the current policies of the Democratic Party have harmed the vast majority of its citizens , all while claiming that Democrats care about people . We saw this with Hillary Clinton , and their `` deplorables '' comment , and I 've seen `` Berntard '' used before , or variations equally foul . Just one more sign that for many of the top ten percent in this country , and certainly the elite establishment of the Democratic Party , do not have our interests at heart , and indeed do n't want to be reminded that they are the people responsible for much of what is wrong with this world , including the election of Donald Trump .
This is why they lie and slander us . They have convinced themselves that a system that heavily benefits them ( the few ) at the expense of the many ( the rest of us ) must be good , and that therefore that any legitimate criticism of their ideology is irrational , deluded , abd laughable , at best . They do n't care if we are suffering and that their perverted ideology is to blame . A fictional movie character says it best :
Claim : Italian dictator Benito Mussolini made the trains run on time .
Status : False .
Origins : Every political leader — whether they be a democratically elected representative or a usurping tyrant — seeks to gain broad public support , because the greater their support , the greater their power . That power may ultimately be used for good or for bad , but either way it must be obtained before it can be wielded .
One
of the best ways to gain the support of the people you want to lead is to do something of benefit to them . Failing that , the next best thing is to convince them that you have done something of benefit to them , even though you really have n't . So it was with Benito Mussolini and the Italian railway system .
After the “ march on Rome ” ( which was itself a myth of fascist propaganda ) on 28 October 1922 that resulted in King Vittorio Emanuele 's appointment of Benito Mussolini as prime minister and the accession to power of the fascists in Italy , Mussolini needed to convince the people of Italy that fascism was indeed a system that worked to their benefit . Thus was born the myth of fascist efficiency , with the train as its symbol . The word was spread that Mussolini had turned the dilapidated Italian railway system into one that was the envy of all Europe , featuring trains that were both dependable and punctual . In Mussolini 's Italy , all the trains ran on
time .
Well , not quite . The Italian railway system had fallen into a rather sad state during World War I , and it did improve a good deal during the 1920s , but Mussolini was disingenuous in taking credit for the changes : much of the repair work had been performed before Mussolini and the fascists came to power in 1922 . More importantly ( to the claim at hand ) , those who actually lived in Italy during the Mussolini era have borne testimony that the Italian railway 's legendary adherence to timetables was far more myth than reality .
The myth of Mussolini 's punctual trains lives on , albeit with a different slant : rather than serving as a fictitious symbol of the benefits of fascism , it is now offered as a sardonic example that something good can result even from the worst of circumstances . As Montagu and Darling wrote :
Mussolini may have done many brutal and tyrannical things ; they may have destroyed human freedom in Italy ; they may have murdered and tortured citizens whose only crime was to oppose Mussolini ; but ‘ one had to admit ' one thing about the Dictator : they ‘ made the trains run on time . '
No , thanks . I 'd rather walk .
Sightings : In an episode of televisions L.A. Law ( “ Romancing the Drone , ” originally aired 17 November 1988 ) , Michael Kuzak answers Grace Van Owen 's criticism with “ And Mussolini made the trains run on time . ”
Last updated : 29 September 2007
Sources :
Montagu , Ashley and Edward Darling . The Prevalence of Nonsense .
New York : Dell Publishing , 1967 ( pp . 19-20 ) .
Smith , Denis Mack . Mussolini .
( Reuters ) - American Airlines Group ( AAL.O ) pilots have voted to accept a five-year contract that will raise their wages substantially and cement their relationship with the management , the pilots union said on Friday .
People walk past an American Airlines logo on a wall at John F. Kennedy ( JFK ) airport in in New York November 27 , 2013 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
About 66 percent of the pilots who voted cast their ballots in favor of the contract , which will raise their pay by 23 percent retroactive to Dec. 2 and by another 3 percent above their original wages retroactive to Jan. 1 , plus another 3 percent in 2016 .
About 94 percent of the members voted during the two-week election , the union said in a statement . ( bit.ly/1tFiTu5 )
The company , which runs the world 's largest combined airline by passenger traffic since it merged with US Airways in December 2013 , employs about 15,000 pilots totally , represented by the Allied Pilots Association .
American Airlines ' shares were down about 3 percent at $ 50.65 before the news . They remain mostly unchanged since .
While American Airlines has said the outcome will increase its costs by about $ 650 million in 2015 , analysts view the news as a win for the airline , which appears to have earned the favor of its workers while locking in a joint contract faster than newly merged airlines often do .
“ APA will now focus on further engagement with American Airlines management to address ongoing shortcomings in our contract , ” APA President Keith Wilson said .
A “ no ” vote would have sent the pilots and management to binding arbitration , which would have capped wage gains to zero percent for December 2014 , 3 percent for January and an extra 13 percent a year later , per an agreement that the pilots union had accepted during the merger .
“ Getting a ratified contract speeds up merger integration , ( makes for ) a more efficient operation ... reduces uncertainty and de-risks the business , ” said CRT Capital Group analyst Michael Derchin in an email .
Going into Friday , it was not immediately clear which way American Airlines ' pilots would vote . The union had expressed frustration about work rules in the contract , such as the fact that pilots do not receive pay for each calendar day they are away from home but are not on an assignment .
“ Our total compensation will still trail industry-leader Delta , while work rules affecting our pilots ' quality of life need meaningful improvement , ” APA President Wilson said .
Negotiations to amend the pilots contract at Delta Air Lines ( DAL.N ) can begin as early as April .
American Airlines ' flight attendants were the first and only work group to reach a joint union-backed contract since the merger , receiving it in arbitration in December .
The “ company has successfully built the foundation of a new bridge of trust with the combined pilot group , ” said airline industry consultant Robert Mann in an email .
Video credit : @ ShadyBrady
Camera glare — aka the “ Halo Effect ” — has been our biggest issue with the Google Pixel camera since day one . Although every camera lens is subject to the occasional lens flare ( when the light hits the lens just right ) , on the Pixel it was far more severe , creeping into photos and video even when there was only a light source off to the side . It was no bueno and quite frankly for some , absolutely unacceptable .
Initially , early adopters had hoped it was a defect , something that only affected a handful of units . Turns out , this was n't the case . Google would later confirm that this little hardware quirk was , in fact , something that affected all units . But they also had some good news : Google said a future software update could help identify the flare ups and — using the computational power of HDR+ — remove ( or at least minimize ) them from your photos . For the past few weeks it appears to have been radio silence . That is , until today…
BEFORE
AFTER
An update to the Google Camera app is rolling out now in the Play Store ( version 4.2.035.141213305 ) and although the official release notes do n't say as much , it appears Google has begun to implement some of these “ lens flaring fixes ” they were talking about a few weeks back . It 's not perfect , but in our before and after tests we found that HDR+ Auto is now attempting to eliminate — or at least soften — the “ Halo Effect ” in photos , something it was n't doing at all previously ( not even a little bit ) . See our before and after photos for yourself .
It 's not much , but you can see HDR+ is trying to do something , however minimal to those nasty lens flares
It 's clear there 's still plenty more work to be done , but it 's nice to see the Googlers already giving the issue some attention . Also worth noting , is the quality of HDR+ Auto photos appears to have been improved further , with more detail , better contrast , and more accurate white balance . Will need to do more testing to be sure , but maybe someone out there can provide a few more before and afters .
Google 's computational photography is a force to be reckoned with and it was only a few weeks back they released a photo scanning application that completely eliminates glare from glossies — all using the power of machine learning . It 's possible this could be as good as it gets for the Pixel , but given the amount of people who were even “ lucky ” enough to spot the issue in the first place ( it calls for some very specific lighting situations ) , but we remain optimistic . Feel free to voice your concerns down below .
Great Lakes releases barrel-aged Imperial Solstice Stout , Tank Ten favs
Toronto – Great Lakes Brewery will introduce its new Bourbon barrel-aged Imperial Solstice Stout on Friday February 19 , 2016 . It will be available alongside the return of THRUST ! an IPA and Apocalypse Later Imperial Black IPA of its Tank Ten Series .
Aged one-year in Bourbon barrels , the Imperial Solstice Stout measures at 11.9 % ABV with 60 IBUs brewed on the first day of Spring 2015 , barreled on Summer Solstice and bottled on Winter Solstice .
“ It pours midnight black with a tight ( and we mean tight ) mocha tan head . Menacing indeed , ” describes Great Lakes . “ Aromas of charcoal , vanilla , treacle , espresso and alcohol leap from the glass with each gentle swirl . The first drink offers a reminder of the girth of this beer , as notes of bourbon , chocolate , molasses and fig pack a wallop . Each subsequent sip leads to newfound discoveries of vanilla and coffee , wood and anise . Velvety smooth yet noticeable boozy , this full-bodied stout packs a delicate balance between sweetness , bitterness and barrel . Well rounded , complex and dangerous . Best enjoyed with friends and enemies alike . ”
It goes on sale tomorrow at 10am at the Great Lakes retail store in 650ml bottles for $ 14.95 each .
10am
Since the Snowden leaks , the US government has sought to repair its public image and curtail public knowledge of its invasions of privacy . Before 2015 , the US government was allowed access to five years worth of phone metadata from anyone within three hops of a suspected terrorist . In 2015 , the most egregious bits of the Patriot Act were allowed to expire and the government 's phone metadata mandate was reduced to two hops and eighteen months . A new study from three Stanford researchers shows that the US government is still able to collect phone metadata on 25,000 people for every single suspected terrorist “ seed. ” Under the former provisions , the NSA was allowed to spy on up to 20,000,000 phones per single suspected terrorist “ seed. ” In essence , before 2013 , the researchers estimated that the NSA had “ legal authority to access telephone records for the majority of the entire US population . ”
Sure , the US government has made a really big show of being privacy friendly by letting the Patriot Act 's provisions expire . The amount of scrapable metadata per suspected terrorist has dropped by orders of magnitude . However , the amount of suspected terrorists has also increased at fever pitch in the meantime . It is important to note that metadata is simultaneously becoming more and more useful as the world becomes more interconnected . The average amount of companies/apps with access to your phone 's metadata has drastically increased alongside smartphone penetration over the last several years . The terrorist database still exists and your name can be added to it without any concrete evidence . The NSA now has better pools of metadata to focus their time and efforts on and they have likely not even noticed to downsize in phone data . We are just starting to get the numbers on how phone metadata strips away our privacy – just imagine what kind of privacy our internet metadata gives away .
What information can be garnered from simple phone metadata ?
The Stanford researchers analyzed metadata from the phones of 823 volunteers . In total , they had access to metadata ( timestamps , duration , parties ) about 250,000 calls and 1,200,000 text messages . From this data , the researchers were able to discern current city location for 57 % of the volunteers . Additionally , the metadata was able to not only identify whether or not a volunteer had a significant other , but also identify what their or their phone number is . Even more damning was the researcher 's ability to pinpoint private information such as gun ownership and health conditions just from the metadata and then easily verify the inferences through public information sources .
The team at Stanford is hoping that their data , which has somewhat quantified the amount of damage caused by phone metadata surveillance , will help educate policymakers . As more and more of the data coming forward shows “ bulk metadata surveillance to be an ineffective intelligence strategy , ” we hope that the world and its governments will come to see the folly in unethical mass surveillance without proper checks and balances . In the meantime , be aware that all metadata , not just your phone 's , is likely still fair game for the NSA .
An international research team have announced the discovery of the first mosasaur to be found in Japan , unearthed in a creek in the northern town of Mukawa . The fossil , which belongs to the marine-lizard which swam the oceans 72-million years ago , is one of the most well preserved of its kind to be found .
Although some types of mosasaurs could grow up to 40 feet long , this species known as Phosphorosaurus ponpetelegans , only grew to about 10 feet . Previous mosasaur fossil discoveries have been made on the east and Pacific coasts of North America , Europe and North Africa .
The team led by Takuya Konishi , a University of Cincinnati assistant professor of biological sciences , said that this finding bridges `` the gap between the Middle East and the Eastern Pacific . '' Konishi said this proves the species was able to colonise locations around the world .
Such was the preservation of the fossil that the team were able to determine that it had binocular vision due to the location of its eyes . Positioned at the front of its head , the mosasaur would have benefited from depth perception , different to its larger relatives who had eyes on the sides of their heads .
`` The forward-facing eyes on Phosphorosaurus provide depth perception to vision , and it 's common in birds of prey and other predatory mammals that dwell among us today , '' said Konishi .
`` But we knew already that most mosasaurs were pursuit predators based on what we know they preyed upon - swimming animals . Paradoxically , these small mosasaurs like Phosphorosaurus were not as adept swimmers as their larger contemporaries because their flippers and tailfins were n't as well developed . ''
This has led Konishi and their team to the conclusion that this mosasaur was a night hunter , and fed on fish that illuminated in the night , according to the study published in the Journal of Systematic Palaeontology .
`` If this new mosasaur was a sit-and-wait hunter in the darkness of the sea and able to detect the light of these other animals , that would have been the perfect niche to coexist with the more established mosasaurs , '' says Konishi .
A Dublin man who was found asleep on a pile of stolen cash with their accomplice after an armed robbery of a pharmacy has been given a suspended sentence .
A Dublin man who was found asleep on a pile of stolen cash with their accomplice after an armed robbery of a pharmacy has been given a suspended sentence .
Man found asleep on pile of stolen cash after shop raid
Luke Curry ( 25 ) held open the security door of the shop while their accomplice entered . The other man was masked and carrying a kitchen knife .
Curry , of Shancastle Avenue , Clondalkin , pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to robbery of the Jobstown Pharmacy , Kiltalawn Way , Tallaght on February 12 , 2013 .
Judge Desmond Hogan imposed a three-year sentence which they suspended in full on condition that Curry completes 240 hours of community service .
Gda James Ward told Elva Duffy , prosecuting , that staff in the pharmacy buzzed a security door open to let Curry in because they recognised them as a customer .
armed
They were closely followed by the armed man who shouted at staff to `` give me the money and tablets '' .
After staff handed over cash , Curry said to their accomplice : `` Come on , let 's get out of here . ''
The staff said they were in fear during the robbery , inwhich €400 was stolen . As a result of garda inquiries and a local tip-off later that day , gardai went to a house near the pharmacy .
They looked through a window of the house and saw the two suspects sleeping on a couch .
Gardai entered the house and had to wake the men up . They found €275 of the stolen cash in a pile under where they were lying and arrested both men .
Curry was too intoxicated to be interviewed but later claimed they were in the pharmacy for innocent reasons .
They have 12 previous convictions including one for drug dealing .
Sarah Jane O'Callaghan , defending , said father-of-two Curry is now drug-free and has made efforts to turn their life around .
Online Editors
On Wednesday , three masked gunmen murdered 12 people , ostensibly in response to satirical cartoons published of the prophet Mohammed .
It is a sad comment on our society that on hearing this , my first thought was of how long it would take for the massacre to become the fault of the victims . It is sadder still that my curiosity should be so quickly satisfied – less than a day .
As always they do , the apologists begin their defence with something akin to , “ It 's terribly sad , but… ” What follows wastes no time in explaining how those slaughtered were the architects of their own demise .
In anticipating this reaction , I recalled the words of George Galloway before an audience in New York in September 2005 . They said : “ You may think that those aeroplanes in this city on 9/11 came out of a clear blue sky . I believe they emerged out of a swamp of hatred created by us . ”
However , on the day of the most unashamed attack on free speech in recent memory , I dared to hope that the loathsome MP for Bradford West might hold their tongue . My hopes were , of course , soon dashed .
In a post on their Facebook page , the admirer of the late Saddam Hussein condemns the murders , before explaining that the French government has been “ facilitating ” such carnage , daily , in Syria . This from a man who said Syria was “ lucky ” to have Bashar al-Assad , the Ghouta gas murderer , as their president .
The cartoons of Mohammed “ can not possibly ” justify the murders , they continue , but then Charlie Hebdo was guilty of “ provocative actions ” in publishing them .
The real victims , they say , are the beleaguered Muslims of racist France . Never mind the 12 families whose loved ones will never come home , what intolerance have they suffered ?
Reaching their predictable conclusion , they argue The West is fixated on confrontation with the Muslim world . Perhaps NATO stepping down its activity in the Middle East was a provocation , ay George ?
Arguments like Galloway 's are not without precedent . When a bounty was put on Salman Rushdie 's head in 1989 for the crime of writing a novel , many prominent figures who enjoy the freedoms of liberal society excused their reticence about the fatwa with attacks on the author .
Noted feminist Germaine Greer refused a petition in support of Rushdie , saying ( as if it were a bad thing ) that they were “ an Englishman with dark skin. ” Late historian Hugh Trevor-Roper said they “ would not shed a tear ” if the author were waylaid in a dark street and thus caused to “ control their pen . ”
Assume the worst of an artist and the worst of their work . Does the production of such work – be it novel , cartoon , essay , whatever – thus become a crime , much less a capital offence ?
There is a grim tendency amongst people who think of themselves as forward-thinking to try and rationalise terrorists actions ' as merely reactions ; their wrongs as responses to wrongs .
In an Oxford Union debate in 2013 , Mehdi Hasan – the former politics lead at New Statesman and The Huffington Post – proclaimed : “ There is little connection between suicide terrorism and Islamic fundamentalism or any of the world 's religions . ”
Quoting Robert Pape of the University of Chicago , they continued : “ What nearly all suicide terrorist attacks have in common is a specific secular and strategic goal to compel modern democracies to withdraw military forces from territory that the terrorists consider to be their homeland . ”
Maybe Mr Pape knows the motives of those claiming divine inspiration better than they do . In any case , this attempt to divorce suicide attacks from their religious rationale was received sympathetically by the learned audience .
In the same way , Mr Hasan has already dismissed any notion that the Charlie Hebdo murderers were inspired by their faith , citing as evidence a news report which says a lead suspect was “ not religious ” as of 2005 . Part of the same news report which says the culprits shouted “ allahu akbar ” they ignore .
For Mr Hasan , the blame lies – as it must – with The West , for its actions in the Middle East . They highlight their news report again , which says the suspects were sympathetic with Iraqi ‘ insurgents . '
I 've yet to see it satisfactorily explained how the murder of satirists based 2,400 miles from Baghdad is a result of the Iraq War .
To my mind , the staff of Charlie Hebdo were citizens of a democratic country exercising their right to free expression . Yet already their eulogies are being poisoned with the suggestion of blame .
Responsibility for Islamic terrorism lies only with those committing it . We can not tackle those who would destroy free speech until we forgive ourselves for using it .
Je Suis Charlie .
Advertisements
Posted on by Bonald
The trouble with “ Judeo-Christian morality ” is that it is meant to be the counterpart/opponent of secular morality , but on every issue that divides Christians from atheists , Jews overwhelmingly side with the latter . A 2012 poll found that 93 % of American Jews supported legalized abortion in most cases , 80 % supported gay marriage , and they are more favorably disposed to Muslims than to conservative Christians . Thus , it is a pretty valid generalization that Jews support Leftism , especially in its most immoral and anti-Christian aspects . To claim that our side is “ Judeo-Christian ” is to employ a dishonest marketing ploy , a despised minority ( Christians ) attempting to get credibility for its beliefs by associating it with a revered minority ( Jews ) who in fact despise those beliefs . In fact , most Jews find claims that they have some deep commonality with Christianity deeply insulting . Given their opinions of us , our civilization , and our sexual mores , this is understandable , and I do n't understand why my philosemitic brethren insist on needlessly antagonizing the Jewish people with such claims .
Of course , being a mere Christian , I realize I am unworthy to comment on my Church 's relationship with our exalted Elder Brothers . Fortunately , an actual Jew has laid it out at length and clarity , so that even readers with the thickest goyeshe kop will get the message . ( My thanks to Steve Sailer and their always excellent blog for pointing this out . )
Klinghoffer should read Arthur Allen Cohen 's The Myth of the Judeo-Christian Tradition ( Harper & Row , 1969 ) , which questions the appropriateness of the term , theologically and historically , suggesting instead that it is an invention of American politics . Cohen thinks that there is simply no such thing as Judeo-Christian tradition . They point to the fact that the two religions have had separate theological agendas for the last two thousand years . Or , if Klinghoffer prefers a gentile 's opinion : The label “ Judeo-Christian ” tends to assume , at the expense of Judaism , that Christians and Jews believe essentially the same things . Besides glossing over the very real and important theological and liturgical differences , it tends to subsume Jewish traditions within an umbrella that is dominated by Christian ideas and practices . ( Religion and the Workplace : Pluralism , Spirituality , Leadership , by Douglas A. Hicks ; Cambridge University Press , 2003 ) Let 's be clear : Far from “ sharing ” one tradition , Orthodox Jews are prohibited from marrying Christians , setting foot inside a Christian church—and we ca n't even drink from an open bottle of kosher wine that has been used by a Christian . We reject the Christian idea of salvation , we abhor Christian divine teachings on every subject , and we are repulsed and outraged by incessant attempts by Christian missionaries to bring us into their fold . It is particularly disturbing when Klinghoffer makes statements which reveal their complete assumption of elements of New Testament Pauline ideology , for instance , the requirement that wives submit to their husband 's authority . There is no mandate on precisely how a woman should behave with their husband—Jews expect the happy couple to work it out for themselves . Also , while divorce may be a tragedy , and God cries , it is in no way banned—in Judaism , that is . The story in Christianity , and Klinghoffer 's “ Judeo-Christian Biblical America , ” is different . Incidentally , we have more in common with Muslims than we do with Christians ; Jewish law permits Jews to enter a mosque… but not a church . To insist that we have some kind of bond with religious Christians because of similar core values , is to propagate a terrible lie… Jews and Christians differ on every single fundamental principle—even on the meaning of core Scriptural texts . More crucially , Christians rely on the Old Testament for legal delineation ; whereas Jews rely solely upon our rabbinic tradition . We never , ever turn to our Bible for legal guidance , only to our rabbinic literature . To suggest that our Sages had anything at all in common with the likes of Jerry Falwell , Jimmy Carter or Pat Robertson is a slap in the face of 2500 years of scholarship . “ Judeo-Christian ” is as valid a concept as happy-joylessness , or tall dwarves . Klinghoffer 's yearnings for this repugnant “ ideal ” is a deviant phenomenon without a trace of commonality in traditional Jewish thought , ancient or modern . I have deep respect for religious leaders active in the interfaith arena , who seek to communicate and cooperate with Christians on political and social issues . But I resent Klinghoffer 's attempt to erect an ideological partnership between Christianity and its blameless victims .
There you have it .
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Filed under : Uncategorized |
This morning , President Obama sent the following message to the White House email list , asking Americans to tune in at 11:00am ET when they will announce their Supreme Court nominee . Tune in here to watch their announcement in the Rose Garden . And if you did n't get the President 's message , sign up for email updates here .
Today , I will announce the person whom I believe is eminently qualified to sit on the Supreme Court .
As President , it is both my constitutional duty to nominate a Justice and one of the most important decisions that I -- or any president -- will make .
I 've devoted a considerable amount of time and deliberation to this decision . I 've consulted with legal experts and people across the political spectrum , both inside and outside government . And we 've reached out to every member of the Senate , who each have a responsibility to do their job and take this nomination just as seriously .
Please join me in the Rose Garden at 11:00am Eastern for my announcement .
President Obama has made their decision : Join them LIVE from the Rose Garden as they announce the person they believe is eminently qualified to sit on the Supreme Court . go.wh.gov/SCOTUS # SCOTUS Posted by The White House on Wednesday , March 16 , 2016
This is a responsibility I do not take lightly . In considering several candidates , I held each to three principles that reflect the role the Supreme Court plays in our democracy .
First , a Justice should possess an independent mind , unimpeachable credentials , and an unquestionable mastery of law . There is no doubt this person will face complex legal questions , so it is imperative that they or they possess a rigorous intellect that will help provide clear answers .
Second , a Justice should recognize the limits of the judiciary 's role . With a commitment to impartial justice rather than any particular ideology , the next Supreme Court Justice will understand that the job is to interpret the law , not make law .
However , I know there will be cases before the Supreme Court in which the law is not clear . In those cases , a Justice 's analysis will necessarily be shaped by their or their own perspective , ethics , and judgment .
Therefore , the third quality I looked for in a judge is a keen understanding that justice is not about abstract legal theory , nor some footnote in a dusty casebook . It 's the kind of life experience earned outside the classroom and the courtroom ; experience that suggests they or they view the law not only as an intellectual exercise , but also grasps the way it affects the daily reality of people 's lives in a big , complicated democracy , and in rapidly-changing times . In my view , that 's an essential element for arriving at just decisions and fair outcomes .
Today at 11:00am Eastern , I 'll introduce you to the judge I believe meets all three of these standards .
I 'm confident you 'll share my conviction that this American is not only eminently qualified to be a Supreme Court Justice , but deserves a fair hearing , and an up-or-down vote .
In putting forward a nominee today , I am fulfilling my constitutional duty . I 'm doing my job . I hope that our Senators will do their jobs , and move quickly to consider my nominee . That is what the Constitution dictates , and that 's what the American people expect and deserve from their leaders .
President Barack Obama
P.S . If you 're looking for the latest on my Supreme Court nominee and the confirmation process in the Senate , check out @ SCOTUSnom on Twitter . You 'll find all the facts and up-to-date information there .
YouSpeak : Zombie Attack Students discuss tips for battling the walking dead
Zombies are everywhere . AMC 's hit show The Walking Dead is just the latest evidence of our fascination with the undead . Hollywood 's been churning out zombie films since 1932 , when Bela Lugosi starred in White Zombie . It 's that time of the year , when such classics as Night of the Living Dead , Shaun of the Dead , Zombieland , and 28 Days Later pop up on television . Zombie outbreaks are common themes in Halloween episodes of The Simpsons and Southpark , too . They 've even become a popular subject for video games , like “ Dead Rising ” and “ Left 4 Dead . ”
You may actually have seen some walking around campus last fall , part of WTBU 's radio drama Undead End .
Given that it 's Halloween , when zombie interest reaches fever pitch , BU Today asks students , “ How would you attempt to survive a zombie attack ? ”
“ YouSpeak ” typically appears each Monday .
If you have a suggestion for a question we should ask , post it in the comments section below .
A 45-year-old massage therapist was charged Wednesday with sexually assaulting “ numerous clients ” at a Sherman Oaks massage parlor .
Hong Quiang Shi , also known as Steven , was charged with one felony count of sexual penetration by foreign object and three felony counts of sexual battery by fraud , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office .
Shi was arrested on March 30 . They were scheduled to be arraigned Wednesday but the hearing was continued to May 14 . They were currently out on bail .
The Alhambra man was accused of sexually assaulting three women between March 18 and March 28 during their appointments at Super Relax Massage on Ventura Boulevard , the DA 's office stated .
Detectives believe Shi may have sexually assaulted other victims who have not come forward . They were asking for the public 's help in locating them .
If convicted as charged , Shi faces a possible maximum sentence of 11 years in state prison .
Anyone with information about the case is asked to call Det . Mendoza of LAPD 's Van Nuys Division at 818-374-1924 or 818-374-0040 .
During non-business hours or on weekends , tipsters are asked to call 1-877-527-3247 . Those wishing to remain anonymous should call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 .
Larry Ellison 's most important merger / Oracle CEO ties knot with novelist at Woodside estate ; Steve Jobs takes wedding photos
/ for : A slug : ELLISON14 ; Taken at Melanie Craft 's 34th birthday party in September at Ellison 's house in San Francisco . Thomas J. Gibbons / Special To The Chronicle / for : A slug : ELLISON14 ; Taken at Melanie Craft 's 34th birthday party in September at Ellison 's house in San Francisco . Thomas J. Gibbons / Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Larry Ellison 's most important merger / Oracle CEO ties knot with novelist at Woodside estate ; Steve Jobs takes wedding photos 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Billionaire software CEO Larry Ellison and romance novelist Melanie Craft sealed an eight-year courtship by marrying during the winter holidays , the couple told The Chronicle Tuesday .
The wedding was the first for Craft , 34 , and the fourth for Ellison , 59 , CEO of Oracle , the world 's No . 2 software-maker .
The couple married on Dec. 18 at Ellison 's 45-acre Japanese-style compound in Woodside . The ceremony was conducted beside a waterfall by Rep. Tom Lantos , D-San Mateo , a close friend of the couple , and attended by Ellison 's best friend , Apple computer co-founder Steve Jobs , and their wife , Laurene . Jobs did double duty as the wedding photographer .
`` Was it spur-of-the-moment ? Yes and no , '' Ellison said in a telephone interview yesterday . `` We 've talked about getting married but never set a date . The timing just seemed right . ''
Craft said Ellison was naturally skittish about delving into another marriage after three tries .
`` We reached a point where we knew we would not be breaking up whether we got married or not , so it seemed to make it easier by just getting married , '' they said by phone from one of the couple 's other homes , in Atherton .
Ellison referred a question about whether they had signed a prenuptial agreement to Craft , who declined to answer , saying the matter was private .
Craft 's third novel , `` Man Trouble , '' is scheduled for release in May . The plot revolves around a college professor and romance novelist who goes undercover to seduce a playboy billionaire and turn them into a family man .
Craft said the novel was not directly autobiographical but was inspired by a New York newspaper story that alleged they had been invented by Ellison 's public relations department to soften their image .
News of the wedding , which surprised Ellison associates inside and outside Oracle , comes one day after the founder of the Redwood Shores-based company shed one of their titles , the job of chairperson . Ellison retains the title of chief executive officer and said they would not step back at all from running the company .
`` I expect , if anything , to spend more time at Oracle , '' they said Tuesday .
The manner in which the ceremony took place showed a quieter side to the sometimes-flashy Ellison , who is known for their aggressive business manner . They also have a zeal for high-stakes sailboat racing , as a participant in the America 's Cup , and for flying jet fighters . After losing the America 's Cup race in New Zealand last year , they challenged the winner , Swiss pharmaceutical giant Ernesto Bertarelli , to a rematch on San Francisco Bay . Ellison 's Oracle BMW team emerged victorious in September over the Swiss Alinghi team for the Moet Cup .
The couple spent their honeymoon in the Caribbean at the Grenadine Islands and at Mustique aboard Katana , one of Ellison 's two yachts . Ellison owns homes in San Francisco 's Pacific Heights , in Atherton and in Malibu , as well as the compound in Woodside , which has been under construction for 10 years . The couple plan to move into the home in Woodside in the spring .
No official wedding photo was available because the photographers -- Jobs and Ellison 's son , David -- had not finished preparing them for the photo album yet , Ellison said .
The couple met in a restaurant in San Francisco in 1995 . Craft , a native of Pittsburgh , majored in anthropology at Oberlin College , studied archaeology at American University in Cairo and lived in Kenya for a year .
Ellison is the ninth-wealthiest man in America and one of the richest in the world , with $ 18 billion , according to a recent listing by Forbes magazine .
Shares of Oracle fell 2 percent to $ 14.36 Tuesday . If anything caused the stock to fall , it was likely uncertainty about the management changes announced Monday , which included leading executive Jeff Henley 's giving up their job as chief financial officer to become chairperson .
Financial analysts were unruffled at the news of Ellison 's marriage .
`` He 's been fairly obsessed with their company for over 20 years , '' said Patrick Walravens , an analyst with JMP Securities . `` I do n't see this changing that . ''
Business and matrimony have not mixed smoothly for the billionaire business leader in the past . Ellison 's third marriage was to Barbara Boothe , the mother of their two children , in the early days of Oracle , and the union was a rocky one , said Mike Wilson , an Ellison biographer .
`` Oracle was in its 100 percent-a-year growth phase in those days , and one of the many issues in that relationship , to hear Barbara tell it , was they were mostly interested in being in charge of Oracle , and not in being in a relationship , '' said Wilson , now the features editor at the St. Petersburg Times . Wilson 's book , `` The Difference Between God and Larry Ellison ( God Does n't Think He 's Larry Ellison ) , '' was recently re-issued in paperback .
Ellison is known to have used a prenuptial agreement in the past ; in fact , their marriage to Boothe was nearly called off when Ellison presented them with an 11-page prenuptial agreement just hours before they were to walk down the aisle , according to Wilson 's book . Boothe and Ellison were divorced in 1986 , less than three years after they wed .
But in those days , Ellison was micromanaging the start-up , Wilson said . These days , the tech titan may have more time for marriage .
`` My impression is that he 's scaled back a lot from the day-to-day operating ; they recognize that he 's more of a spiritual leader of Oracle and company visionary , '' Wilson said .
Ellison also was married to Adda Quinn ( 1967 to 1974 ) and Nancy Wheeler ( 1977 to 1978 ) . Oracle was founded in 1977 .
Management psychologist Gene Morrissy says a CEO 's marriage is usually good news for a company .
`` If there is an impact , in the main it would be a positive one , in terms of the person 's overall demeanor and state of mind , '' said Morrissy , who works for Chicago management psychology firm RHR International . `` Now if it 's a fractious marital situation , all bets are off . ''
Ellison said they are better at their job when their primary personal relationship is working . `` When I 'm happy , I 'm more focused , and I 'm a much more effective leader at Oracle , '' they said . `` And I 'm very happy . ''
Also attending the wedding were Ellison 's children from a previous marriage , Megan , 17 , and David , 21 ; Craft 's sister , Kira Craft , a fashion designer in London ; and Lantos ' wife , Annette .
Fiction or truth ?
Melanie Craft 's latest work , `` Man Trouble , '' will be published by Warner Books in May . And the plot has an eerily familiar ring to it : It 's about a romance novelist who seduces a billionaire business person .
In this excerpt , published as an addendum to Craft 's last book , `` Trust Me , `` a journalist friend , Carter , is trying to persuade the hero , Molly , to seduce the billionaire to help land a big interview :
`` Out with it , '' they said . `` What 's the project ? ''
`` Okay , '' they said . They put down the cup and stared meaningfully at them `` Two words . Jake Berenger . ''
Molly nodded . `` And ? ''
Them lack of reaction had clearly disappointed him .
`` You do know who they are , '' they said reproachfully . `` The hotel mogul ? The resort developer ? The billionaire ? ''
`` Of course I know who they are , '' Molly said . `` I read the papers . But what 's so new about this ? You told me a year ago that you were doing a profile on him . You said that the Miami Herald wanted to run it in their Sunday magazine . Last I remember , you were busy interviewing all their former girlfriends . ''
`` Not all of them , '' Carter said . `` that would have been physically impossible if I wanted to publish in this decade . Anyway , it was getting redundant . They all said some version of the same thing . 'Jake was always a gentleman , but I could tell that underneath it all , deep emotional wounds were preventing them from ever trusting me with their heart . ' `` They rolled their eyes . `` Yawn . Spare me , please , from the pop psychobabble of a bunch of models . ''
Later in the excerpt , Molly questions their journalist friend on why they would write about a billionaire womanizer :
`` He sounds like a shallow playboy . Why do n't you pick someone more worthy to write about ? ''
Carter grinned . `` He 's worth one point one billion dollars on a good stock day . That 's worthy enough for me . ''
Craft 's other books are `` Trust Me '' ( 2003 ) and `` A Hard-Hearted Man '' ( 1998 ) .
Demonstrators on both sides of the abortion-clinic debate gathered in the meeting room , a nearby room and outside the building . ( Steve Helber/AP )
Virginia 's Board of Health did an about-face on abortion regulations Friday , voting to impose strict , hospital-style building standards even on existing clinics and reversing its June decision .
The reversal came two days after the office of Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II ( R ) sent a letter to board members advising them against grandfathering clinics — and warning that they could be personally liable for legal fees if they were sued after ignoring their legal advice .
Coming just weeks before Election Day , and on the heels of a General Assembly session dominated by contentious anti-abortion bills , the decision promises to further inflame the issue in Virginia 's neck-and-neck presidential and U.S. Senate races .
“ There 's a lot of people who are really fired up , ” said Connie Boyer , 59 , a retired computer programmer who was one of hundreds demonstrating outside the meeting and who held a sign reading “ Stop the War on Virginia Women. ” They added : “ You talk about the Arab Spring . Well , we 've got the same thing going on here . ”
The board 's 13 to 2 decision also could have implications for next year 's race for governor — endearing Cuccinelli even more to the conservative activists expected to dominate the 2013 nominating convention but perhaps hurting them with swing voters if they get to the general election .
Some of the state 's 20 abortion clinics have said they will go out of business if forced to make the costly renovations required to meet the new architectural standards .
The board 's decision is not the final word on the matter : The architectural rules face more hurdles in a review process that is expected to stretch into next year .
Even so , hundreds of activists on both sides of the abortion issue flocked to a Henrico County office park for the meeting , expressing either delight or outrage at the outcome .
“ Shame ! Shame ! Shame ! ” abortion rights advocates chanted once the vote was tallied . “ Women are going to die ! ” Some yelled obscenities as security officers , who had used metal-detecting wands on everyone entering the meeting room , ushered them out .
Within seconds of the vote , Victoria Cobb of the Family Foundation of Virginia issued a news release praising the decision and calling claims that clinics would close “ hysterical . ”
“ We are pleased that the Board was n't fooled by the abortion industry 's distractions from the real issue of abortion centers in Virginia found with bloody patient tables , unsanitized conditions and untrained staffs , ” Cobb said in the statement , referring to clinic inspection reports they had publicized in the days leading up to the meeting .
Some abortion rights advocates accused the attorney general of “ bullying ” the board with the letter , which was first brought to light by the Virginian-Pilot .
But some board members said they 'd had a genuine change of heart after the board voted 7 to 4 in June to give clinics a reprieve .
“ I regretfully admit I was operating under a lot of confusion ” in June , said M. Catherine Slusher , a physician appointed by Gov . Robert F. McDonnell ( R ) . “ It 's not a matter of personal preferences . It 's a matter of the General Assembly has passed a law , and it 's up to us to create the regulations that abide with that law . ”
Rather than capitulation to Cuccinelli and McDonnell , antiabortion activist Leslie Davis Blackwell saw the about-face as a “ Saint Paul moment ” — an epiphany like the one they had a few years ago after 30 years of abortion-rights activism . They addressed the gathering to say she 'd had two abortions as a young woman and now deeply regrets them .
About 80 activists from both sides jammed the board 's meeting room , and 100 more were seated in overflow space next door . Hundreds more demonstrated for hours outside .
The two board members who voted to keep the exemption in place were H. Anna Jeng of Norfolk , who was appointed by then-governor Timothy M. Kaine ( D ) , and James Edmondson of McLean , who was appointed by then-governor Mark R. Warner ( D ) and reappointed by Kaine .
Both urged their colleagues to resist Cuccinelli 's advice , saying that their office could not refuse to provide legal representation to them if they bucked their advice . Edmondson offered three amendments aimed at exempting current clinics or allowing the state health commissioner to grant variances . All three died in 13 to 2 votes .
Jeng left the meeting in tears . Edmondson , who risked missing their daughter 's wedding rehearsal in the District to attend the meeting , became emotional while talking with reporters afterward .
“ Access matters , ” they said , their voice cracking .
After one of the most contentious debates of the 2011 General Assembly session , legislators voted to regulate abortion clinics like outpatient surgical centers . State officials quickly wrote emergency regulations dictating such things as the size of exam rooms and the storage of patient records .
In June , the Board of Health had been expected to pass permanent regulations that were substantially the same as the emergency rules . It did so , but with a surprise amendment partially grandfathering in existing clinics .
Only 11 members were present for the June vote . In the interim , McDonnell filled a vacancy on the board with John W. Seeds , an obstetrician-gynecologist who performed abortions in the past but is now a vocal critic of the procedure .
Science can be a frightening word , particularly when it 's listed under `` cause of death '' and followed by three exclamation points . Overcome your fear of knowledge with this Groupon .
The Deal
$ 39 for a MythBusters : The Explosive Exhibition package for two ( $ 74.90 total value )
Admission for two to MythBusters : The Explosive Exhibition ( $ 24.95 value each )
Admission for two to MOSI Permanent Galleries
One parking token ( $ 5 value )
Admission for two to see one Standard IMAX Dome Theatre film ( $ 10 value )
Two medium popcorns ( $ 10 value )
Visitors will start at the MythBusters : The Explosive Exhibition , where they 'll get to try all sorts of experiments that are too messy for the house . They can dodge paintballs , run through a rain machine , and yank the tablecloth out from under a giant meal , all the in name of science . There are also heaps of cool gear used on the show , from an arrow machine gun to a giant mechanical shark , which patrons may recognize from previously busted myths . After a live show , they 'll move into the museum 's permanent exhibits , including The Saunders Planetarium , Idea Zone , Mission : Moonbase , and Disasterville . Once they 're ready to refuel , patrons can sit down at the IMAX theater with their included bag of popcorn to watch an ever-changing range of movies .
The 2015 Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat is the most powerful production car a major American automaker has ever produced . The supercharged 6.2-liter HEMI V8 engine delivers a ludicrous 707 horsepower . To put that in perspective , an Oshkosh M1070A1 heavy equipment transporter has 700 horsepower , and it tows 70-ton tanks around battlefields for a living . That 's way more than any passenger vehicle needs , and it 's way more than the average car is built to deal with .
For Dodge engineers , stuffing a huge engine under the hood was the easy part . The real work was in taking a car that 's used to offering 470 hp and making sure it could handle nearly double that . They had to beef up key parts of the engine , exhaust , and transmission to withstand a beating . They had to address federally mandated noise limits . And they had to find a way to keep inexperienced drivers from destroying the Hellcat the moment they 're within five miles of anything harder than a hay bale . In summary , this car is an exercise in batshit crazy engineering .
Engineering Issues
Dodge wanted the Hellcat to be able to run on a track for 20 minutes without losing any of its superpowers ( running the quarter mile in under 11 seconds and a top speed of 199 mph ) , even in 100 degree weather . Problem is , the car 's V8 makes a whole lot of heat , which is bad for performance . To cope , Dodge threw in two heat exchangers , on top of the normal engine cooling system . Those use coolant to drop the air coming out of the supercharger from 250 degrees to 140 degrees .
The engineering team started with a naturally aspirated 6.4-liter Apache engine used in the 2014 Challenger . To go from 470 hp to 707 hp , the engine requires a lot more oxygen . So the team added a supercharger that can push 30,000 liters of air—enough to fill a medium sized office—into the engine in one minute .
With all the focus on horsepower , it 's easy to forget about torque , the handy twisting force that throws you back when you stomp on the gas . When it comes to performance , more torque is better . With 650 pound-feet , the Hellcat does n't disappoint . That 's great for you , but all that twisting is hell on the transmission . So Dodge went for a new 8-speed automatic that 's been upgraded to handle the force . It 's also offering a 6-speed manual , which it grabbed from a Viper and fitted with an external oil cooler and a stronger twin-disc clutch to handle the extra power . ( Auto enthusiasts and purists will likely prefer the manual , but it 's worth noting that thanks to 160-millisecond shift times , the automatic offers better acceleration . ) To reduce twisting on the chassis during drag starts , the car has a new rear axle with four mounting points rather than three .
Admitting that stopping the car will also be necessary , Dodge gave the Hellcat 15.4-inch Brembo brakes , the largest ever fitted on a Chrysler group car ( that includes cars from Fiat , Alfa Romeo , Jeep , Mopar , Ram , Dodge , and Chrysler ) .
Noise Limits and Other Concerns
Ownership of a 707-horsepower car leads to a few non-technical related questions . The first : Will the noise from this thing put me in violation of federal law ? To make sure the answer is “ no , ” Dodge tuned the Hellcat to be relatively quiet in normal drive mode and respect noise limits . Keeping the Hellcat quiet enough was `` quite a considerable challenge , ” says Chris Cowland , an engineer with Dodge 's SRT group . But do n't worry , the car sounds like Thor 's angrier older brother when the engine is really caned in track mode .
The second , and more important question : How do I make sure my hooligan friends and/or teenage children do n't send it into a wall the moment I let them take a turn behind the wheel ? The answer : Two keys . The Hellcat comes with a red key , which enables maximum balls-to-the-wall performance . The black one limits the engine to `` only '' 500 horsepower . There 's also a valet mode that forces the automatic transmission to start only in second gear and upshift faster than it usually does , disables the paddle shifters , and prevents disabling of the traction and stability control systems . All that keeps the Hellcat a bit more restrained and manageable , and hopefully out of trouble .
When it comes to raw power , few cars in production today top the Hellcat , and most of them cost hundreds of thousands of dollars , if not over a million . That 's why were ' so excited to see that pumped up Challenger can be had for just $ 60,000 ( that 's $ 84.86/horsepower , for those counting ) . The Hellcat may not beat the Porsche 918 supercar around Monza , but it 's actually affordable , it 's got way more power than you 'll ever need , and it has all the parts to make it work .
There is an unprecedented reset coming to world financial markets and if you 've been paying attention it 's impossible to ignore the signs . In fact mega-investment funds , governments and central banks have been secretly buying up and storing physical gold in anticipation of an event that will leave the U.S. dollar effectively worthless and governments around the world angling for a new global currency mechanism , according to mining executive Keith Neumeyer .
But before the reset can happen Neumeyer , who recently founded First Mining Finance and has partnered with billionaire alternative asset investors like Eric Sprott and Rick Rule , says that foreign creditors must first deleverage their U.S. dollar debt , a move that is happening right now and is evidenced by the recent strength of the U.S. dollar .
Once these U.S. debt holders unwind their positions , however , the dollar will be allowed to crash and we should prepare for a total financial , economic and monetary realignment .
( Watch the full interview at Future Money Trends )
With the central banks now buying gold… which is quite unique… we have n't seen that in our lifetimes… they 've always been sellers of gold and now they 're buyers of gold… I think there will be a reset of the financial industry… I think China is being allowed to accumulate gold purposefully by the American government… I believe that the Chinese need to own at least the same amount as the U.S. owns before this reset occurs . I think that there 's some kind of deal that 's being made between all the central banks behind the scenes and that 's why you 're seeing governments accumulating the metal . I do believe there will be some kind of new currency created with the backing… and it might not be a direct backing of the metal… but it 'll be some kind of blend of currency .. it could be through SDR's… Special Drawing Rights… or some type of mechanism… I think that 's where we 're going . And when that reset occurs I think gold will be left to rise… and I would n't be at all surprised to see three…four… five thousand dollar gold over the next five years .
Because the price of gold has been suppressed to allow governments and central banks to accumulate it cheaply , Neumeyer sees opportunity in the mining industry and that 's why their latest mineral bank project is mimicking their actions and buying up physical mining assets around the world .
And though Western mainstream media pundits argue that the recent strength of the U.S. stock market and the U.S. dollar are proof positive that an economic recovery has taken hold , Neumeyer says exactly the opposite is happening .
The reason for the recent rise in the value of the world 's reserve currency , they suggest , is a result of the massive unwinding of U.S. debt as private investors and governments around the globe know a rush for the exits is coming soon :
The view on the strength of the dollar recently is the fact that it 's short-term . You 've got so much U.S. debt out there and governments are now getting rid of their U.S. debt and converting all the debt to local debt… that 's causing a huge demand for dollars in order to make that conversion , so this whole dollar rally is basically a deleveraging against the U.S. dollar… you 're not seeing that story showing up anywhere in North America . Once the world is deleveraged than the U.S. dollar… then basically the U.S. dollar will crash and that will be the beginning of this new reset .
Everything , of course , is very hush-hush but , as Neumeyer explains , most of the influential players involved know exactly what is going on and they are making their moves right now to ensure they survive the coming financial reset :
The gold accumulation that 's going on… this is gold that 's outside of the system… you do n't hear about it… these are big sovereign wealth funds , these are government funds , these are banks that are buying the physical metal… they are very intimately involved in the sector and they know what 's going on . … Definitely world governments and central banks around the world are unwinding their U.S. debt . They 're trying to bring their debt home and that 's causing the upside pressure on the dollar .
If Neumeyer is right , and all the signs suggest their assessment is fairly accurate , then the recent strength of the U.S. dollar will be short-lived . Once deleveraging by governments and central banks has been completed they will unleash an economic , financial and monetary storm that will change the very fabric of the global order .
The consequences are difficult to predict , but given that these entities have been buying up gold like their lives depended on it , the notion of an ounce of the precious metal being valued at $ 5,000 per ounce is n't out of the question .
You can watch Keith Neumeyer 's full interview here . To learn more about the First Mining Finance Corp mineral bank project with billionaire contrarian investors Eric Sprott and Rick Rule , click here .
TLMC9 Final Results Text by TeamLiquid ESPORTS Graphics by Shiroiusagi
TLMC9 comes to a close as we round out the top five maps of the season as determined by you , the community . TLMC9 provided the public with a choice of 16 varied maps in 4 distinct categories . After months of map-making and judging , these maps were shown to the world in the form of the Wardi TLMC tournament . And after feedback from pros and the general public , mappers had a bit over a week to iterate on their creations . Then , you , the public voted on the fruits of their labor . There are the results :
Prizing
All sixteen finalists will receive at least $ 100 by default for placing in the top 16 . All finalists will also receive a custom community commander portrait if they do not yet have one . In addition , the authors of the top five maps will receive the following prizes , all provided by Blizzard .
First - $ 500
Second - $ 250
Third - $ 125
Fourth - $ 75
Fifth - $ 50
Winners
FIFTH PLACE EASTWATCH | IeZaeL
`` Play the game the way you want , be it macro or rush or standard , with the various rock towers providing exciting ways to shape the gameplay in never-seen-before ways . Now with even more meaningful choices due to the changes made during the iteration phase . ''
IeZaeL is most known for creating Coda , a TLMC5 finalist and one of the most iconic maps of HotS . IeZael will take fifth place with $ 50 . In addition , they will receive an additional $ 300 for placing with three maps in TLMC9 , including God 's Garden and Neo Tropicana .
FOURTH PLACE BACKWATER | Avex `` Backwater was my last attempt into creating a 'pocket-third ' concept , and I think the games we had showed that it works out well . I asked around and it seems that the ease of scouting this base as well as the middle ground of harassing it seems to work out in most of the matchups , even in ZvZ . The map is easy to read , the linear expansion pattern and open field makes for surprisingly interesting engagements outside of the base locations rather than on the base itself . This map is a good bet to vote on if you are fan of three-base games that are n't necessarily turtle-y like Acolyte . ''
Avex is most known for ladder maps such as Invader , Blood Boil , and Odyssey , in addition to the decoration of Acolyte . Avex earns at least $ 75 for their fourth place finish in addition to taking home $ 200 for their finalist placing with two maps .
THIRD PLACE NEON VIOLET SQUARE | RQM `` Neon Violet was a highly experimental map . It had many extreme features , not just one or two . Of course , it has received a lot of feedback during the tournament phase . Considering the comments , I picked acceptable ones out from those features . Now squares are only on the middle . As inevitable block lines were removed , players can bypass blocks and choose more routes than before . Safer main , more geysers on pocket base and new gold base let players take different choices . Hence , the map now gives more possibilities . My attempt was to relax its forced gameplays . I hope you enjoy this map which now allows various aspects . ''
RQM is most known for Judgement , a map that was used in GSL 2016 Season 2 . He 'll take home $ 225 in total for their third place finish .
SECOND PLACE CATALYST | NegativeZero
`` This map is a composite of some of my best standard map ideas dating back to HotS . The flexible expansion layout allows you to tailor your expansion pattern to your own play style , and the combination of chokes and high grounds create a variety of interesting attack paths and defensive positions . Changes from the original mainly help fix a couple potentially abusable areas around the 3rd - widening a chokey area along the high ground attack path , and reducing the vulnerability of the path between the nat and 3rd to tanks on the low ground . ''
NegativeZero is most known for creating TLMC6 winner Terraform , TLMC7 2nd place finisher Apotheosis , and TLMC8 5th place finisher Sequencer . All three have been prominent ladder maps and we look forward to Catalyst possibly being one as well . NegativeZero will take home $ 250 for this second place finish in addition to $ 300 for making three finalist maps including Abiogenesis and Anomaly
FIRST PLACE BLACKPINK | Avex
`` Blackpink was a strong inspiration for me as a music group , and happens to be a part of my motivation to continue mapping , and I feel like the map aptly named Blackpink is showing that my progress as a mapper is going strong . During the contest it showed some aggressive games , but showed itself as having ample room for awesome macro games as we saw between ByuN and Serral . This is a safe contender for a solid macro map where you can play the way you want on the ladder . ''
For their first and fourth place finish , Avex has earned themselves a total of $ 775 in TLMC9 . This is the second TLMC that Avex has won in a row as they took TLMC8 with Windwaker , later renamed to Odyssey . We 'll have to wait till TLMC10 , however , to see if we can start calling them the Mapping B-word . IeZaeL is most known for creating Coda , a TLMC5 finalist and one of the most iconic maps of HotS . IeZael will take fifth place with $ 50 . In addition , they will receive an additional $ 300 for placing with three maps in TLMC9 , including God 's Garden and Neo Tropicana . `` Backwater was my last attempt into creating a 'pocket-third ' concept , and I think the games we had showed that it works out well . I asked around and it seems that the ease of scouting this base as well as the middle ground of harassing it seems to work out in most of the matchups , even in ZvZ . The map is easy to read , the linear expansion pattern and open field makes for surprisingly interesting engagements outside of the base locations rather than on the base itself . This map is a good bet to vote on if you are fan of three-base games that are n't necessarily turtle-y like Acolyte . `` Avex is most known for ladder maps such as Invader , Blood Boil , and Odyssey , in addition to the decoration of Acolyte . Avex earns at least $ 75 for their fourth place finish in addition to taking home $ 200 for their finalist placing with two maps.RQM is most known for Judgement , a map that was used in GSL 2016 Season 2 . He 'll take home $ 225 in total for their third place finish.NegativeZero is most known for creating TLMC6 winner Terraform , TLMC7 2nd place finisher Apotheosis , and TLMC8 5th place finisher Sequencer . All three have been prominent ladder maps and we look forward to Catalyst possibly being one as well . NegativeZero will take home $ 250 for this second place finish in addition to $ 300 for making three finalist maps including Abiogenesis and AnomalyFor their first and fourth place finish , Avex has earned themselves a total of $ 775 in TLMC9 . This is the second TLMC that Avex has won in a row as they took TLMC8 with Windwaker , later renamed to Odyssey . We 'll have to wait till TLMC10 , however , to see if we can start calling them the Mapping B-word .
See you next season !
With that , TLMC9 comes to a close . Thank you to everyone who submitted a map , voted in the poll , watched the Wardi TLMC tournament , or otherwise showed an interest in the contest .
Now that the contest has concluded , it 's in Blizzard 's hands to pick the maps for the next season of ladder . We look forward to hearing which of the sixteen finalists will make it !
+ Show Spoiler [ Full Results ] + Blackpink by Avex
Catalyst by NegativeZero
Neon Violet Square by RQM
Backwater by Avex
Eastwatch by IeZaeL
Anomaly by NegativeZero
Defender 's Resort by YoungRustler
Acid Plant by nesta-kun
Battle of the Boardwalk by SidianTheBard
Abiogensis by NegativeZero
Arch of Janus by Enekh
Sky Garden by NewSunshine
Grime by Fatam
Neo Tropicana by IeZaeL
Octane by Meavis
God 's Garden by IeZaeL With that , TLMC9 comes to a close . Thank you to everyone who submitted a map , voted in the poll , watched the Wardi TLMC tournament , or otherwise showed an interest in the contest.Now that the contest has concluded , it 's in Blizzard 's hands to pick the maps for the next season of ladder . We look forward to hearing which of the sixteen finalists will make it !
There are n't many opportunities for members of the public to wander through the derelict buildings at the Brooklyn Navy Yard , which are shuttered to all but the most intrepid of urban explorers . And as big changes come to the campus—more mixed-use developments , an expanded Steiner Studios , a Wegmans where Admiral 's Row once stood—it becomes increasingly harder to imagine what it must have looked like in the Navy Yard 's heyday . Tours regularly take curious onlookers around the massive complex , but buildings like the Brooklyn Navy Yard Hospital , which was built in the 19th century , are off-limits to most . But thanks to a new art installation , the public is now allowed to go inside the hospital for what may be the last time before redevelopment happens .
German artist Bettina WitteVeen worked with Steiner Studios and the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corporation to bring their new exhibit , `` When We Were Soldiers… once and young ( WWWS ) , '' to the hospital building . It 's the first time that an exhibit has been staged in the building , and their subject matter—war , genocide , and the toll that they take on humanity—is fitting for a structure that was once used to treat soldiers injured in battle . Historic photos are scattered throughout the building so as you walk through , you may encounter images of soldiers on a field displayed above a dilapidated fireplace , or hidden in an old latrine . The photos are placed in chronological order , starting with images from the 19th century ( including one of Brooklyn 's own Walt Whitman ) , and ending with photos that depict modern warfare . ( Be warned : It 's not for the faint of heart . )
And of course , part of the appeal of the exhibit is to see inside the hospital itself . Curbed explored the site several years ago , and while there have been some changes for the exhibit—as Doug Steiner , president of Steiner Studios , told us , it had to be brought up to code so people could enter it—the structure remains eerily empty and decayed . But there was one addition : a wheelchair ramp at the building 's entrance , which required the erection of scaffolding on the exterior . It 's the only modern addition to a relic from the not-so-distant past .
· `` When We Were Soldiers…once and young '' [ Official ]
· Exploring the Eerily Empty Brooklyn Navy Yard Hospital [ Curbed ]
· All Brooklyn Navy Yard Coverage [ Curbed ]
We make a film : ZeMarmot
2D animation movie , to be released under
ZeMarmot is a project of , to be released under Creative Commons by-sa Art Libre licenses and fully made with creative Free Software ( GIMP , Blender , Ardour… ) .
We make Free Software
Currently our main area of interest for GIMP are improving painting , adding animation support , better graphical interface and user experience as a whole… We are also really interested in enhancing the plugin experience by an order of magnitude . And of course , less visible but as important : we fix bugs . Because a rock-solid software is the first step to quality and professional workflow .
Improving material support is also on our roadmap , though our lack of funds is currently a blocker . One of the first thing we would do with more funds is getting a big screen-tablet , which means we would likely add HiDPI and improved tablet and touch support in our priorities . Having a UI adapted for portable tablets is also an area of interest so that we can create while on the move .
What you get from it ?
Synopsis
Marmot likes to sleep , eat , and sleep again . One day , an old migratory bird tells them of the wonders of the world . Marmot decides to leave their home for the trip of their life and find the ultimate napping spot .
From Iran flying carpets to Paradise pacific island , Marmot will wander over the world and be the first marmot explorer . Will they find what they are looking for ?
Who makes it ?
Our secret goal ? We want to make a professional animation studio , which produces quality Open Movies for the cinema , while massively improving creative Free Software . We believe it is possible ; therefore we rely on you to help us make this dream come true ! : - )
Why Free Software ?
We are currently in the process of producing the pilot episode , as introduction for a longer story.The director and main artist is , who trained and graduated in Fine Arts ( major `` animation film '' ) in South Korea and has been a professional animator and film director for several years.is a Free Software developer , with patches in dozens of programs . They are especially a coredeveloper , second biggest contributor in the last few years , with nearly 500 commits.You will be able to watch it online , download it , share it , send to friends , remix it… Even raw resources will be freely released . In the end , this will beThis movie is not only made with Free Software , which is a great showcase of their capabilities , we also . By funding it , you fund GIMP development , but also on any other Free Software which we need to fix in the course of our project . This project has already proven being a major contribution to GIMP these last years . The third win is . We organize workshops sometimes , and we document our process regularly ( our production blog is a good starter ) , because we do n't believe in secrets and think that knowledge has to spread.So what do you get when you contribute ? You get your own movie , better free software , and knowledge about painting , animation and film making . We will likely release everything earlier to our contributors , but you should know that nothing is planned to be contributor-only . In the end , everything should be for everyone.Aryeom and Jehan are the project founders and its main participants . For us , digital arts creation and software development are intimately tied . Actually if we had not met , Aryeom may have never tried Free Software professionally and started this project ; Jehan was already a Free Software developer yet they may have never become a GIMP contributor . We think that this team is the ultimate combo since the best artists should always be in control of their tools . AMMD is a cooperative of professional musicians who also publish their music as Libre Art . They do the soundtrack . LILA is a non-profit association under French law , for Libre Art , in which Aryeom is artist in residence . This project and funds are managed by this association.More artists showed their interest to come onboard , 2D and even 3D artists ( since there is some usage of 3D in 2D animation , nowadays ) . We are only listing here the people currently working on ZeMarmot.With more funds , we would like to get more artists and more developers . Our project relies on paid work only because we consider that neither Free Software nor Libre Art mean `` free of charge '' . This is why we need to compensate fairly any contributor to the project.Free and Open Source Software are like Free Speech : you do n't see the big deal until you lose these . LILA wants to create a sane creative work environment , and we want to create . We also want to contribute back.ZeMarmot is drawn with GIMP , edited with Blender , sound-edited with Ardour , all of these under GNU Linux operating systems…
Darya Klishina is a former European indoor champion
The only Russian due to compete in the Olympic athletics has been banned .
The IAAF has put a blanket ban on the Russia team but Darya Klishina had been cleared for Rio as the governing body was satisfied they were not doping .
However , the IAAF has now revoked the long jumper 's eligibility based on new - but unspecified - information .
The 25-year-old insisted : `` I am a clean athlete '' , and said they would appeal against the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport .
Russian track and field athletes were banned en masse from the Olympics following claims the country ran a state-sponsored doping programme .
`` I have proved that [ I am clean ] already many times and beyond any doubt , '' Klishina wrote on their Facebook page .
`` I am falling victim to those who created a system of manipulating our beautiful sport and is guilty of using it for political purposes .
`` I will take every possible effort to protect my clean image . ''
Klishina had been cleared to compete as their drugs-testing record was established in the United States , where they are based , rather than in Russia .
They were scheduled to compete in the long jump , which begins on Tuesday .
Russian Olympic chief Alexander Zhukov , quoted by Russian news agencies , said the IAAF 's last-minute suspension of the country 's only track and field athlete in Rio was `` a cynical mockery '' .
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .
Backbenchers who defeated government last week believe PM should reach out to Labour MPs and face down hard Brexiters
Conservative backbench rebels who defeated the government last week are urging Theresa May to reach out to Labour MPs and form a cross-party alliance for a soft Brexit .
As May 's Brexit team prepares to debate Britain 's future relationship with the EU on Monday before a full meeting of their divided cabinet on Tuesday , the dissident MPs believe last week 's vote should embolden them to face down hardline Brexiters .
The Tory rebels are emboldened by their success . They wo n't stop now | Andrew Rawnsley Read more
Eleven Tories defied the leadership last Wednesday to support an amendment aimed at ensuring that parliament gets a vote on the final Brexit deal before Britain leaves the EU .
The defeat , May 's first over Brexit , concerned process rather than substance , but the rebels believe it should embolden the chancellor , Philip Hammond , and their cabinet allies – the home secretary , Amber Rudd , and the business secretary , Greg Clark – by underlining the fact that no parliamentary majority exists for a hard Brexit .
At least two of the amendment 's Tory backers , dubbed mutineers by the Daily Telegraph , have talked to senior figures at No 10 , including May 's chief of staff , Gavin Barwell , about the idea of drawing on supportive Labour MPs to form a soft Brexit caucus in the House of Commons .
They believe such an approach would allow the prime minister to argue for a close future relationship with the EU , potentially including continued membership of the customs union , and have advised them to pick off Labour rebels before the frontbench hardens its own policy .
Quick guide What are Brexit options now ? Four scenarios Show Hide Staying in the single market and customs union The UK could sign up to all the EU 's rules and regulations , staying in the single market – which provides free movement of goods , services and people – and the customs union , in which EU members agree tariffs on external states . Freedom of movement would continue and the UK would keep paying into the Brussels pot . We would continue to have unfettered access to EU trade , but the pledge to “ take back control ” of laws , borders and money would not have been fulfilled . This is an unlikely outcome and one that may be possible only by reversing the Brexit decision , after a second referendum or election . The Norway model Britain could follow Norway , which is in the single market , is subject to freedom of movement rules and pays a fee to Brussels – but is outside the customs union . That combination would tie Britain to EU regulations but allow it to sign trade deals of its own . A “ Norway-minus ” deal is more likely . That would see the UK leave the single market and customs union and end free movement of people . But Britain would align its rules and regulations with Brussels , hoping this would allow a greater degree of market access . The UK would still be subject to EU rules . The Canada deal A comprehensive trade deal like the one handed to Canada would help British traders , as it would lower or eliminate tariffs . But there would be little on offer for the UK services industry . It is a bad outcome for financial services . Such a deal would leave Britain free to diverge from EU rules and regulations but that in turn would lead to border checks and the rise of other “ non-tariff barriers ” to trade . It would leave Britain free to forge new trade deals with other nations . Many in Brussels see this as a likely outcome , based on Theresa May 's direction so far . No deal Britain leaves with no trade deal , meaning that all trade is governed by World Trade Organization rules . Tariffs would be high , queues at the border long and the Irish border issue severe . In the short term , British aircraft might be unable to fly to some European destinations . The UK would quickly need to establish bilateral agreements to deal with the consequences , but the country would be free to take whatever future direction it wishes . It may need to deregulate to attract international business – a very different future and a lot of disruption .
One rebel told the Guardian : “ At the moment , the Labour party is terribly divided and therefore there are quite a large body of independent-minded Labour MPs who would be willing to respond positively to a request to provide support to a government that is seen to be doing the right thing . I think the danger is that if they leaf it too late , the window will close on that . ”
Another said they had told Barwell : “ If you 're clever , you will reach over the head of [ Jeremy ] Corbyn and go to those sensible Labour people and put the hard Brexiters back in their box . ”
A Tory MP said : “ There has to be a discussion in government about what is realistic and what is deliverable , and they have to work with parliament to achieve that . That 's often been the case on European matters . ”
A well-coordinated group of prominent Labour MPs , including Chuka Umunna , Chris Leslie and Heidi Alexander , believe they could draw on the backing of the majority of their colleagues to vote for continued membership of the single market and customs union , neither of which are formal party policy .
Brexit is putting me off this whole ‘ will of the people ' idea | Matthew d'Ancona Read more
Umunna said : “ There is no doubt that last week 's vote has strengthened the hand of Philip Hammond , Amber Rudd and Greg Clark , the soft Brexit advocates in cabinet . Members from across the whole house will now be looking to them to use their new-found leverage to bring some coherence and sanity to bear on the unsustainable negotiating position of the government . ”
The foreign secretary , Boris Johnson , and the environment secretary , Michael Gove , are expected argue for Britain to retain the power to set its own regulations rather than pledging to mirror those of the EU , claiming the UK would otherwise risk becoming what Johnson this weekend called a “ vassal state ” . Their choice of phrase echoed that of another Brexit hardliner , Jacob Rees-Mogg
In an interview with the Sunday Times , Johnson said : “ What we need to do is something new and ambitious , which allows zero tariffs and frictionless trade but still gives us that important freedom to decide our own regulatory framework , our own laws and do things in a distinctive way in the future ” .
The Brexit secretary , David Davis , has suggested a “ Canada plus plus plus ” deal , broadly based on the EU 's trade deal with Ottawa , but covering services , including financial services , and allowing closer ties because the volume of trade covered is so much larger .
Such a deal would still be likely to require considerable alignment of rules and regulations , but many Brexiters prefer it to a closer relationship such as that enjoyed by Norway , which is a member of the European Free Trade Area .
Q & A What is regulatory alignment ? Show Hide Inside the EU , both Ireland and Northern Ireland ( as part of the UK ) are part of the single market and customs union so share the same regulations and standards . The only way to avoid a hardening of the border after Brexit is to ensure regulations and standards on both sides remain more or less the same in areas like food , medicines and so on . This might imply a permanent acceptance of EU rules – something that would be anathema to hardline UK Brexiters and the DUP , who reject anything that would `` decouple '' the North from the UK . David Davis told parliament that regulatory alignment would not mean adopting exactly the same rules as the EU but `` mutually recognised '' rules and inspections . However , an official in Brussels countered that regulatory alignment would mean that the UK would have to implement rules from Brussels without having any influence over them . What is the government 's plan for ‘ regulatory alignment ' ?
Davis says the UK could continue to follow some rules of the EU 's single market . This would help avoid a hard border , but would also limit the UK 's ability to diverge from EU regulations . What does the EU think ?
Davis thinks the UK and EU can agree to meet the same aims , while achieving them in different ways . The EU believes this could see its standards on workers ' rights and the environment undercut . Can it even work ?
Parliament can not bind its successors . This principle would mean a deal would never be completely secure for more than five years – putting its feasibility in doubt . Photograph : PA
The EU27 's chief negotiator , however , cast doubt on Sunday as to whether the government would be allowed sufficient flexibility to strike such a deal . In an interview with Prospect magazine , Michel Barnier said : “ They have to realise there wo n't be any cherry picking . We wo n't mix up the various scenarios to create a specific one and accommodate their wishes , mixing , for instance , the advantages of the Norwegian model , member of the single market , with the simple requirements of the Canadian one . No way . They have to face the consequences of their own decision . ”
Barnier reiterated the EU 's insistence that detailed talks on a future trade deal would only begin after Brexit . Davis has insisted the substance of a trade deal could be in place within the next 12 months .
“ The actual negotiations on the future relationship will only begin once the UK leaves the EU , ” they said .
Separately , government sources distanced themselves from reports that pro-Brexit ministers were keen to drop the EU 's working time directive , which prevents employees working more than 48 hours a week . The TUC 's general secretary , Frances O'Grady , called the proposal , “ a straight-up attack on our rights at work ” .
Dissident Tory MPs have faced a furious backlash in their own party and in pro-Brexit newspapers since last Wednesday 's vote .
Dominic Grieve , the former attorney general who tabled the amendment , has blamed the lurid press headlines that followed the debate for a series of death threats they and their colleagues received .
Writing in the Guardian , Grieve says : “ As a politician , I should expect sharp challenge from those who disagree with my decisions . But it is troubling that much of the ­controversy brought in ­allegations of an intention to sabotage Brexit that is far removed from what we were doing .
“ Some of this was fuelled and orchestrated by newspapers that seem entirely disinhibited in the inaccuracies they peddle and the vitriolic abuse they are prepared to heap on those who do ­anything they consider to be at variance with their version of what Brexit should be . This both obscures the real issues , and encourages an atmosphere of ­crisis and confrontation between binary ­positions that leads directly to the death threats that we have received . ”
Anna Soubry , another rebel , said such reports fostered a climate of extremism . “ That 's the thing that concerns me about all of this . We 're increasingly having a form of politics in which debate is not based on ideas . It 's based on complete and total misconceptions . It 's whipping up a storm by newspapers . It 's poisoning public life . ”
One Conservative MP , Nadine Dorries , even called for the 11 who voted against the government whip to be deselected , and some of them fear a backlash in their local parties .
May will update the Commons on last week 's European Council meeting on Monday . They are expected to tell MPs that the government hopes to make rapid progress on agreeing the details of a post-Brexit implementation period , to “ give certainty to employers and families that we are going to deliver a smooth Brexit ” .
The prime minister will add : “ We would propose that our access to one another 's markets would continue as now , while we prepare and implement the new processes and new systems that will underpin our future partnership . ”
They will stress that the government hopes it can negotiate and sign trade deals during the transition that will come into force once it ends .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos ! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer . 2014 October 10
Moons at Opposition
Image Credit & Copyright : Rick Baldridge
Explanation : From the early hours of October 8 , over the Santa Cruz Mountains near Los Gatos , California , the totally eclipsed Moon shows a range of color across this well-exposed telescopic view of the lunar eclipse . Of course , a lunar eclipse can only occur when the Moon is opposite the Sun in Earth 's sky and gliding through the planet 's shadow . But also near opposition during this eclipse , and remarkably only half a degree or so from the lunar limb , distant Uranus is faint but easy to spot at the lower right . Fainter still are the ice giant 's moons . To find them , slide your cursor over the image ( or just follow this link ) to check out a longer exposure . While even the darkened surface of our eclipsed Moon will be strongly overexposed , Uranus moons Titania , Oberon , and Umbriel can just be distinguished as faint pinpricks of light .
NEW DELHI : After the historic launch of the country 's heaviest rocket GSLV Mk III , Indian Space Research Organisation Isro ) is developing a semi-cryogenic engine that will use eco-friendly kerosene as propellant.The advantage of using this semi-cryogenic engine in the launch vehicle is that it uses refined kerosene which is lighter than liquid fuel and can be stored at a normal temper ature . The current fuel-a combination of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen -- is heavier than kerosene and has to be stored at freezing temperatures of ( - ) 253 degree Celsius.Speaking to TOI , Dr K Sivan , director of Thiruvananthapuram-based Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre , said , “ Kerosene is a fuel lighter than the conventional combination of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen but it gives higher thrust . Therefore kerosene occupies less space and more propellant can be packed in the semi-cryogenic engine 's fuel compartment . However , liquid oxygen will be retained as oxidiser . The advantage of using this semi-cryogenic stage is the payload capacity of the launch vehicle will increase from four tonnes to six tonnes . This kind of rocket with the semi-cryogenic engine can therefore take heavier satellites into space and can also be used for interplanetary missions and deep space missions. “ “ We will only replace the second stage of the launch vehicle like GSLV Mk-III , which now uses liquid fuel , with the semi-cryogenic engine . The rocket will retain the cryogenic upper third stage , “ they said. “ Space agencies of many countries like the US and Russia are using the semi-cryogenic engine as it gives high thrust.In fact , Falcon-9 of SpaceX ( the first US commercial company whose rocket has made multiple flights to International Space Centre ) has also been using the semi-cryogenic engine technology , “ Dr Sivan said.According to some agency reports , if things go as planned , Isro will flight-test the semi-cryogenic engine by 2021.The Cabinet had cleared the semi-cryogenic engine project in 2008 at an estimated cost of Rs 1,798 crore.Though the idea was to develop the technology in 2014 , the project got delayed .
James Dean is a 2001 biographical television film based on the life of the American actor James Dean . James Franco plays the title role under the direction of Mark Rydell , who chronicles Dean 's rise from a struggling actor to an A-list movie star in the 1950s Hollywood . The film 's supporting roles included director Rydell , Michael Moriarty , Valentina Cervi , Enrico Colantoni , and Amy Rydell .
The James Dean biopic began development at Warner Bros. in the early 1990s . At one point , Michael Mann was contracted to direct with Leonardo DiCaprio starring in the lead role . After Mann 's departure , Des McAnuff , Dennis Hopper and Milčo Mančevski were considered as directors . Rydell was hired as director in 1996 , but the film continued to languish in development hell .
Warner Bros. then decided to produce James Dean as a TV movie for Turner Network Television ( TNT ) ; both Warners and TNT are owned by Time Warner . Franco was cast as Dean in May 2000 after a search that resulted in 500 auditions . Franco researched their role to closely portray Dean . James Dean was shown on TNT in the United States on August 5 , 2001 , receiving generally positive reviews from critics .
Plot [ edit ]
At eight years old , James Dean lives with their estranged father Winton and mother Mildred in 1939 Santa Monica , California . When Mildred dies of cancer in 1940 , Winton sends James on a train to Fairmount , Indiana , along with the coffin containing their body . Winton does not show up at the funeral , leaving James to be raised by their aunt and uncle on a farm in Fairmount . Over the years , they become more curious about their father 's decision to abandon him . They try to impress them by sending them a package displaying their various athletic trophies in high school sports .
James moves back to Santa Monica in June 1949 , shortly after high school graduation , and finds that Winton has remarried . They decide to become an actor and takes classes under James Whitmore . Whitmore is impressed by their acting ability , which encourages them to move to New York City in September 1951 to pursue an acting career . Despite being a struggling actor , they enjoy the new lifestyle . They befriend fellow actor Martin Landau and has a romantic relationship with Christine White . Both are accepted into the prestigious Actors Studio . They receive critical acclaim in Broadway theatre productions and for a role in a television movie drama that is broadcast nationwide . They try to tell Winton about their successful rise in acting , but their father still reacts with indifference , causing more emotional turmoil for him .
Film producer-director Elia Kazan hires James for the leading role in East of Eden ( 1955 ) , marking their Hollywood debut . They move to Hollywood in April 1954 to begin filming for Eden and is introduced to Jack L. Warner , the stern president of Warner Bros. Studios who is determined to transform them into a movie star . Warner becomes suspicious of their personal life ( such as their possible bisexuality and passions for auto racing and motorcycling ) . On the Warner Bros. backlot , they fall in love with actor Pier Angeli , who is working on the neighboring production of The Silver Chalice ( 1954 ) .
Despite concerns from Pier 's domineering mother , James and their girlfriend buy a beach house in which they live together . Meanwhile , eccentric director Nicholas Ray casts them in the lead role for Rebel Without a Cause ( 1955 ) . They once again hopes to impress their father with their rising movie star career in Hollywood , but Winton persists with their indifference . When East of Eden debuts , Warner is furious that they do not show up at the premiere . They consider shutting down production of Rebel Without a Cause , but they drop the idea due to James 's praised performance in Eden . Later , they find out that Warner sided with Pier 's mother over their break up with them They end up marrying Vic Damone , while James then signs a one million dollar contract with Warner Bros. and is cast in Giant ( 1956 ) . Their mental breakdowns become more apparent when they start conflicting with director George Stevens .
Angered with their life , James decides to learn the truth about their father 's disinterest toward them since they were eight years old . Winton tells them that their real father was a man with whom their mother had an affair during the marriage and that they did not have the courage to raise him , not being their real father . With their inner demons resolved , they begin to enjoy life once more and adopts a friendly relationship with director Stevens . Shortly afterward , they die in a car crash that shocks the film industry and the general public . En route on a train to Indiana , Winton sits next to their coffin in the storage room , they would not leave them this time .
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
In the early 1990s , Warner Bros. planned to produce a feature biographical film about actor James Dean , and the studio hired Israel Horovitz to write the script . [ 1 ] One of the working titles was James Dean : An Invented Life before it was finalized as James Dean . [ 2 ] When Horovitz wrote the script , they explored the `` psychological insight '' of Dean by showcasing the abandonment of their father , which became the fulcrum of the storyline . Horovitz recalled , `` Why would a father ship their wife 's body back on a train with an 8-year-old son , never go to the funeral and never pick the son up again , never bring the son back out to him ? `` [ 3 ] The screenwriter felt it was best to portray Dean 's purported homosexuality by innuendo rather than explicitly . They wanted to focus on the romance between Dean and Pier Angeli and Dean 's growth as an actor , and believed that a homosexuality subplot would distract from the storyline . Producer Marvin Worth explained in July 1995 , `` We 'll try to make a good movie ... not one of rumor and innuendo . `` [ 4 ]
left ) and Dean . [ 5 ] Director Mark Rydell acknowledged an uncanny resemblance between Franco ( ) and Dean .
Michael Mann was contracted to direct James Dean in September 1993 , [ 1 ] and filming was scheduled to start in May 1994 . Johnny Depp and Brad Pitt were under serious consideration for the lead role , [ 6 ] while both actors were also attached to the part . [ 7 ] Mann approached Leonardo DiCaprio for the role of James Dean , feeling that DiCaprio was the best candidate . Gary Oldman was also discussed for a supporting role . In March 1994 , Mann decided not to direct James Dean due to scheduling conflicts with Heat ( 1995 ) . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Mann also thought that DiCaprio was too young and wanted to wait another year . [ 5 ]
Des McAnuff replaced Mann as director , and filming was rescheduled to December 1994 . [ 10 ] Screenwriter Horovitz was busy playwrighting in Europe , so McAnuff and producer Marvin Worth were constantly rewriting the script in July 1994 . The budget was estimated at $ 20 million . [ 4 ] McAnuff stepped down as director and was replaced by Dennis Hopper . Hopper was a close friend with Dean and co-starred with the actor in both Rebel Without a Cause and Giant . Hopper met with DiCaprio for the lead role , but the director eventually dropped out of the film . [ 11 ] By May 1995 , DiCaprio was still the top candidate to portray Dean with Milčo Mančevski in discussions to direct the film . [ 12 ]
After negotiations with Mančevski fell through , Mark Rydell was contracted to direct the biopic in February 1996 . [ 13 ] Rydell was also close friends with Dean ; the two studied together at Actors Studio in Manhattan , New York during the early 1950s . [ 14 ] DiCaprio dropped out of the lead role entirely when their asking price was determined to be too high after the actor 's success with Romeo + Juliet ( 1996 ) and Titanic ( 1997 ) . [ 14 ] Meanwhile , Rydell worked with Horovitz on another rewrite , and Warner Bros. planned to fast track production . [ 13 ] Don Was was hired to write and compose the film score , but they were later replaced by John Frizzell . [ 15 ] Shortly after Rydell 's hiring , Stephen Dorff entered discussions to portray James Dean . [ 16 ] Ethan Hawke would later turn down the role . [ 5 ]
With the film languishing in development hell , producer Bill Gerber from Warner Bros. decided James Dean would work best as a television movie for Turner Network Television ( TNT ) ; both Warners and TNT are owned by Time Warner . [ 3 ] [ 7 ] Gerber explained the format choice , `` It was just hard to find bankable names that the studio would finance a $ 20 million movie with . And there were marketing problems . They died in a highway accident in 1955 so almost everyone would know the outcome of the movie . James Dean also is n't that well known by the general movie-going public these days . `` [ 5 ] Actor James Franco was cast into the lead role , and principal photography for James Dean started in June 2000 . Filming took place around the Los Angeles area and at the Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City . [ 2 ]
Casting [ edit ]
It was interesting because everyone I spoke to had a different perspective on James Dean . I think it is because they compartmentalized their friends so distinctly that everyone saw a different side of him . I often found that if people did not have that much personal information about James Dean , the experiences they had with them were mystical . — James Franco on their research for James Dean [ 17 ]
Rydell and other filmmakers started a casting call in late March 2000 to find the most suitable actor for the lead role . The call encompassed New York , Los Angeles , Toronto , Vancouver , Atlanta , Chicago and the Midwestern United States . Casting director Nancy Foy commented that the search included `` everyone from highly-trained , experienced actors in their early and mid-20s , to people who had no training and had sent in self-made tapes '' . [ 18 ] Five hundred actors auditioned , [ 19 ] and James Franco was ultimately cast as James Dean in May 2000 . [ 2 ] Franco acknowledged they were cautious of taking the role over fear of typecasting . [ 20 ]
Franco did extensive research for their role . They went from being a non-smoker to smoking two packs of cigarettes a day , but has since quit the habit . They learned how to ride a motorcycle , play guitar , as well as the conga and bongo drums . The actor also carefully studied Dean 's mannerisms by watching their three films ( East of Eden , Rebel Without a Cause and Giant ) . Franco also read numerous biographies on Dean 's life . [ 20 ] The actor also took advice from some of Dean 's closest friends , including Martin Landau , Dennis Hopper , Liz Sheridan ( Dean 's former girlfriend ) and Leonard Rosenman . `` Martin was the most informative person that I spoke to . They helped me tremendously with James 's physical mannerisms , '' Franco reflected . `` I isolated myself a lot during the filming . I did this because I think they had a pervasive loneliness throughout their life and I wanted to feel what that felt like . Not talking to my family or loved ones had quite an emotional effect on me . `` [ 17 ]
Release [ edit ]
James Dean premiered at the 27th Deauville American Film Festival in July 2001 . Press conferences were held with the screening , and James Dean 's three feature films , East of Eden , Rebel Without a Cause and Giant , were also screened at the festival . [ 21 ] Turner Network Television ( TNT ) originally intended to premiere the film on the United States national television in June 2001 , [ 22 ] but the release date for James Dean was pushed to August 5 , 2001 . The film attracted 3.18 million viewers and received generally favorable reviews from critics . [ 23 ] James Dean was released on DVD in January 2002 by Warner Home Video . [ 24 ] David Thomson , reviewing in The New York Times , felt Franco 's performance as Dean gave Baby Boomer audiences a positive sense of nostalgia of the 1950s . [ 25 ] James Poniewozik of Time magazine also highly praised Franco 's performance , but felt the script was overtly cliché . [ 26 ] Ken Tucker wrote in Entertainment Weekly that James Dean , alongside Life with Judy Garland : Me and My Shadows ( 2001 ) , was a revolutionary force in the television movie genre . [ 27 ]
Rydell received a Directors Guild of America Award nomination , [ 28 ] while Franco was nominated for their performance at the 8th Screen Actors Guild Awards . [ 29 ] In addition , Franco won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Miniseries or Television Film . [ 30 ] The film also received multiple awards and nominations at the 54th Primetime Emmy Awards . Michael Moriarty won the Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie for their portrayal of Winton Dean . [ 31 ] The art department ( led by Robert Pearson , Marc Dabe and Leslie McCarthy-Frankenheimer ) , also won an Emmy . Nominations included Outstanding Made for Television Movie , Lead actor ( James Franco ) , Direction ( Mark Rydell ) , Cinematography ( Robbie Greenberg ) , Casting ( Nancy Foy ) , Costume design ( Yvonne Blake and Randy Gardell ) , Film editing ( Antony Gibbs ) , Makeup ( John M. Elliot , Jr. ) and Hairstyling ( Carol A . O'Connell ) . [ 31 ]
Last week I went to a baseball game , Orioles v. Blue Jays , while traveling to Baltimore for a work-related expo . Given my lack of familiarity with Camden Yard 's layout , I let my coworker pick out the tickets and , much to my delight , they scored us two tickets that were just six rows back from home plate…slightly left of center . Admittedly , I 've been to a lot of sporting events but seldom have I ever been so close ( I guess I 'm cheap ! ) as to hear the “ snap ! ” of the ball hitting the catcher 's mitt and to see the players ' facial expressions rather than just their general forms . And overall it was an awesome game and experience . But there was one thing that made me feel somewhat awkward …the fan insults or heckling .
The insults themselves were no worse than I 'd typically experienced at other sporting events but the proximity to the players was now much more “ intimate ” . Just six rows of seats , in fact , separated the professional baseball players in the on-deck circle from my experience of the fans hurling insults their way . “ You suck Bautista ! ” “ What kind of stupid name is Barney ? ” “ You play baseball like a girl ! ” They just kept coming and it made me feel embarrassed to be associated with the crowd ( and what if you were watching the game with your young daughter when this last insult was cast ? How do you explain what that to your impressionable daughter ? ) . These were people after all…confirmed by the fact that I could see their faces and mannerisms from just six rows back ! These men had lives , insecurities , wives , sons , daughters , mothers , fathers , etc . In most other situations outside of this construct , such behavior is not tolerated . So why then did these fans feel that it was acceptable to act in such a way just by virtue of the fact that they were in a group setting at the ballpark ? Sure , there are probably a handful of them that would act that way normally ( jackasses being what they are ) , but my guess is that most of the insult-hurling fans are decent people that will head back to the office or job site the next day to act as fine , upstanding members of our community .
Why Does It Happen ?
Mob mentality , or herd mentality , is not a new phenomenon . There have been many studies that lend credence to the reality of its existence…and even more actual examples of it in action ( think looting , etc. ) . My understanding of the topic is that when individuals are in large groups , they tend to feel more anonymous , which can lead to feelings of diminished personal responsibility and self-awareness . When these feeling ensue , people are then less likely to follow the normal social conventions and etiquette . Obviously not all group gatherings devolve into bouts of insults and name calling . So what characteristics or situations would tend to support such negative behavior ? In my reading , the following play a big part :
The size of the group ( church group or football stadium )
The relative anonymity perceived by the members of the crowd ( assigned seats in an opera hall or the Million-Man-March )
The like-mindedness of the group members ( loose affiliation or strong unifying cause )
The level of emotional arousal around the event or gathering ( a day at the beach or a football match )
So what ?
Good question…who cares ? I guess I do for one . I 'd like to think that we 're better than that…that we can aspire to elevate our behavior to a higher degree . It 's one thing to express frustration about a missed ground ball as you watch the game from your couch , and quite another to do so within earshot of the player that committed that error . The former does n't degrade and belittle another human being , nor does it illustrate a fundamental lack of compassion and empathy . This actually dove-tails nicely with one of my previous posts , Parenting Paradox : Raising “ Sheeple ” or People ? , in which I express the importance of following one 's own moral code when making decisions rather than relying on the behavior of others to guide such decisions .
Bottom line :
If you would n't be comfortable having your behavior displayed on public television , viewed by your Mom , or seen by your coworkers…then there 's a good chance you probably should n't be doing it .
There are exceptions to every rule…but I think this one should catch about 98 % of the total . Agreed ?
Robert
Have you been missing the old Stargate Atlantis gang ? Good news ! Some of the cast are back together for an intriguing new sci-fi web series .
Dubbed State of Syn , the future-set web short project follows a “ synthetic ” with the ability to hack technology . The story follows Jewel Staite ( Dr. Jennifer Keller on Atlantis ) through a web of stylized action and political intrigue .
In addition to Staite , the cast is rounded out by none other than David Hewlett ( Atlantis ' Rodney McKay ) and Rainbow Francks ( Atlantis ' Aiden Ford ) . But that 's not all . The opening narration is provided by Atlantis alum Torri Higginson ( aka former expedition leader Elizabeth Weir ) .
The first two episodes are live now ( check out the opener above ) , and the series has a very unique , almost comic-book-styled look to it . The visuals take a bit of getting used to , but once you figure it out , it 's a fun little ride .
The producers are planning a total of 10 five-minute episodes , so there should be a lot more where this came from . Plus , c'mon , who is n't happy to see the Atlantis crew back together ?
( Via Gateworld )
Whoa , this is kind of out of the blue : on top of the Vibrant 4G that we 've already had leaked ad nauseam ( though they refer to it as a `` Galaxy S 4G '' ) , T-Mobile USA CEO Philipp Humm mentioned at an event this morning that the company is preparing an HSPA+ Sidekick -- yes , a Sidekick -- albeit with Android slotted in place of the defunct Danger Hiptop operating system . For the record , T-Mobile has n't had any Sidekicks in its lineup since the middle of last year , though it does own the Sidekick brand -- not Danger / Microsoft -- and would undoubtedly love to bring it back to relevance . Coincidentally , Mister Android himself , Andy Rubin , came from Danger -- so the Sidekick 's starting to follow them around . Kind of like ... you know , a sidekick . Both products are said to be `` coming soon . `` After the break , spot a picture of what the Sidekick might look like , likely courtesy of HTC -- there 's no mistaking that QWERTY keyboard layout .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China 's economy probably steadied in the second quarter with annual growth holding firm at 7.4 percent , a Reuters poll showed , suggesting that a recovery is taking hold as a flurry of government stimulus measures kick in .
A worker examines a pumpjack at a PetroChina oil field in Panjin , Liaoning province June 30 , 2014 . REUTERS/Sheng Li
All but three of the 21 analysts polled by Reuters predicted that growth either stabilised or edged up between April and June , reinforcing the view that authorities have successfully arrested a cooldown with a modest loosening in policies .
Indeed , even though economists expect the headline growth rate to cling to an 18-month low of 7.4 percent , they also believe that China 's export and manufacturing sectors likely enjoyed their best performances in several months in June .
“ We expect China 's upcoming June and second-quarter data to show an economy that is still recovering , ” UBS analysts said in a note to clients .
“ With more easing measures underway and an ongoing export recovery , sequential growth momentum should warm up further in the third quarter . ”
China 's economic growth quickened in the second quarter from the previous three months , but further modest government support measures will still be needed , Premier Li Keqiang said on Monday , without giving a GDP figure .
When June data is released in coming days , investors may get clues on just how much more may be needed on the stimulus front to maintain the recently regained momentum .
Exports are forecast to rise 10.6 percent in June from a year ago , faster than May 's 7 percent expansion and the best showing in five months . Imports likely snapped back into positive territory , growing 5.8 percent , after May 's 1.6 percent drop .
Growth in China 's trade sector has gained traction in recent months , helped by an improving U.S. economy and as the government gave exporters more tax breaks , credit insurance , and currency hedging options .
Manufacturing output , which accounted for 45 percent of China 's gross domestic product in 2012 , is forecast to have grown 9 percent in June , up a shade from May 's 8.8 percent .
Faced with the need to cut China 's dependence on exports and investment for growth , Beijing tried earlier this year to convince investors it is willing to slightly miss its annual growth target in exchange for better-quality growth .
But authorities seem to have since changed their minds after weak data early in the year .
Premier Li said last month that they expect the 2014 GDP growth target of 7.5 percent to be met or exceeded and vowed the economy would not suffer a hard landing .
The comments reinforced market expectations that Beijing would roll out more stimulus measures if needed .
Recent business surveys signal factory activity may be starting to stabilise after an unsteady start to 2014 , while the services sector continues to expand strongly .
Still , some economists warn the economic recovery appears patchy , with a cooling property market and high local government debt levels remaining as key risks . Faltering euro zone growth could also keep expected export gains in check .
TARGETED MEASURES
Since April , China has steadily loosened policy by reducing the amount of cash that some banks have to hold as reserves , instructing regional governments to quicken their spending , and hastening the construction of railways and public housing .
And analysts say Beijing is likely to unveil more stimulus measures in coming months if the property sector shows signs of
a sharper slowdown which could spill over into the broader economy . New home construction starts are already down by nearly a fifth .
The real estate sector accounts for more than 15 percent of China 's economic output and directly impacts 40 other business sectors .
“ For the economy to rebound fully , we believe policy continuity , along with further easing , are necessary , ” Shen Jianguang , an economist at Mizuho , said in a note .
Growth in fixed-asset investment , which is closely tied to the property market , is forecast to have hovered at 17.2 percent in the first six months of 2014 . That is unchanged from the rate of growth seen in the first five months of the year as slackening real estate investment drags on overall spending .
In the meantime , analysts believe Beijing will keep monetary conditions accommodative .
The broad M2 money supply measure probably expanded 13.5 percent in June from a year ago , up a touch from May 's 13.4 percent . Banks are forecast to have lent 915 billion yuan ( $ 147.57 billion ) in June , up from May 's 870.8 billion yuan .
Price pressures also likely stayed within the government 's comfort zone , giving policymakers room for further easing if required .
Annual consumer inflation is expected to ease to 2.4 percent in June , well below the central bank 's 3.5 percent target for 2014 , while the producer price index is likely to have dropped 1 percent .
( $ 1 = 6.2006 yuan )
As President Trump nears the first 100 day mark , here 's a look at what he 's accomplished so far . ( Adriana Usero , Julio Negron , Osman Malik/The Washington Post )
Republican consultant Ana Navarro on CNN 's State of the Union aptly summarized events on Saturday : “ You had Trump , President Trump in Pennsylvania , speaking to their base , feeding red meat to the base and being divisive . You had the press celebrating the press standing up for journalism and you had the resistance marching in sweltering heat in Washington for climate change and against Trump . ”
It 's normal for activists to march in favor of their causes ( climate change was the issue this week ) . It 's certainly normal for the press to defend the First Amendment . What is not normal is for the president on their 100th day in office to rant and rave about the media in a campaign-style screed . It 's not normal for the president of the United States and leader of the Free World to declare : “ Media outlets like CNN and MSNBC are fake news . . . . They are a disgrace. ” It 's not normal for a president to stand in front of a crowd citing poll ratings — about the press . And it 's sure not normal to read the poem “ The Snake ” to describe illegal immigrants .
[ Why did Trump win ? New research by Democrats offers a worrying answer . ]
President Trump remains an angry , irrational figure , someone who still must stir up hatred — against the press , against immigrants , against Democrats — to enliven their base . Rhetorically , they are still the candidate of the resentful America First crowd , not the president of the entire country . Their rambling , incoherent and factually deficient remarks in Harrisburg , Pa. , remind us of the pathetic emptiness of the message — I 'm with you because I hate the same people you do .
It 's not normal to rack up a record 488 falsehoods in the first 100 days in office and to repeat the same falsehoods over and over again . It 's not normal for a president to continue to question a foreign power 's responsibility for its well-documented , comprehensive effort to sway our elections . Yes , they are still doing that despite what all their national security advisers tell him .
It 's not normal for the public to doubt whether Trump even knows what is in their own proposals . They insist Trumpcare protects preexisting conditions . They claim their taxes would go up under their plan , which lowers their rate to 15 percent ( he 's a Svengali of pass-through companies ) and abolishes the alternative minimum tax . It 's not normal for a president to be surprised that health care is complicated or being president is n't easy .
[ How Trump makes it impossible for Republicans to win policy debates ]
It 's not normal for a U.S. president to praise and congratulate dictatorial leaders , as they do with President Xi Jinping of China ( “ a very good man ” ) and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey . ( Good men do not lock up political dissidents . ) Normal presidents do not go out of their way to cheer the leader of the National Front , a party that is still infested with anti-Semites and whose leader denied the role of France in the murder of French Jews during WWII . It 's not normal to invite for a White House visit a human-rights abuser and anti-American demagogue who has presided over thousands of extrajudicial killings in the Philippines . ( Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley at their confirmation hearing correctly described extrajudicial killings under Rodrigo Duterte as a gross abuse of human rights . )
And yet Republicans in Congress and in the commentariat ignore , minimize or do n't care about all that . Great job ! Give them an A ! Hey , there 's Justice Neil M. Gorsuch , you know ! Whatever standards — Constitutional , personal , ideological — Republicans once upheld have been thrown overboard . They can not bring themselves to enforce the emoluments clause or compel Trump to disclose their taxes or crack down on the blatant conflicts of interest throughout their administration .
During the first 100 days the Republic has survived , but the GOP , permanently we think , has been morally compromised and intellectually corrupted , just as many of us warned . “ Everything Trump touches dies , ” GOP consultant Rick Wilson is fond of saying . Trump 's victims now include a respectable Republican Party .
The shooter killed nine people then himself , and also injured at least 16 more on Friday in Munich . Police said it was too early to comment on a possible motive , but added they believed the shooter to be a young German-Iranian resident of Munich , who had lived there `` for a long time . '' They had no criminal record .
The shooter opened fire near a fast-food restaurant and then again at the nearby Olympia shopping center in the north of the Bavarian capital , just before 6 p.m. local time ( 1600 UTC ) . They subsequently fled the scene , prompting a city-wide manhunt and state of emergency .
Hubertus Andrä ( center ) thanked the 2,300 officers who mobilized
Police at one point engaged and shot at him , only for them to escape . They later found them dead , killed by a self-inflicted gunshot . The corpse was roughly one kilometer ( just over half-a-mile ) from the scene of the initial shooting .
The city was in lockdown for hours ; 2,300 emergency services personnel were mobilized , public transport was suspended until the early hours of Saturday , the main train station evacuated .
In a late-night press conference , shortly after police cautiously announced the all-clear , Munich police chief Hubertus Andrä described the operation as `` without doubt my most difficult day '' in the role .
`` Three youngsters '' were among the dead , Andrä said , while children were also among the injured .
`` The motive , and the background of the crime are still totally unclear , the investigators are working full tilt and will continue into the night , '' Andrä said , adding that the process should move relatively quickly , as police were confident that they had identified the suspect . Defining whether the shooting was a case of somebody running amok , or an act of terror , would require more information on a possible motive , they said .
Andrä said the suspect used a `` pistol , '' contradicting earlier reports of a suspect or suspects on the loose with larger weapons .
For a time , police had worked on the assumption of `` up to three '' shooters ; Andrä said that eyewitness reports forced police to presume that more than one person was involved . Two people had left the scene at speed in a car , prompting suspicion , but police investigated them : `` They have nothing to do with the incident , '' police chief Andrä said .
Several other unsubstantiated rumors punctuated a chaotic evening in Munich , including multiple reports of secondary shootings at key sites in the city , which proved not to be true . Similarly , conflicting reports on the shooter , what they were wearing , and what they might have said at the scene were circulated .
On Saturday , police commandos conducted an early morning raid on an apartment in the city 's Maxvorstadt neighborhood , where local media said the gunman lived with their parents .
Officials have yet to confirm whether the raid was connected to the attacker .
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere , holidaying in New York , departed for Germany on hearing the news . Bavaria 's cabinet was to convene for an emergency meeting early on Saturday . Police in Munich announced another press conference to update on the investigation 's progress for midday local time .
Peter Altmaier , who heads up Angela Merkel 's chancellery , appeared on public ARD television on Friday night , saying the chancellor was being regularly updated on developments . Merkel did not comment herself . Social Democrat Deputy Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel appealed on Twitter for people not to speculate or jump to conclusions , calling the attack `` shocking '' and praising Munich 's police effort .
Some 2,300 police officers mobilized on Friday night , including forces from neighboring states Baden-Württemberg and Hesse , as well as the German federal police 's elite GSG9 units , and members of Austria 's elite Cobra forces .
Days after Würzburg train attack , also in Bavaria
The attack came at an already tense time in Bavaria , four days after a young Afghan asylum seeker attacked several people with a knife and an ax on a local train near Würzburg . They killed no one but injured several . Investigators later found a hand-drawn version of the so-called `` Islamic State '' flag in the boy 's room . They had come to Germany as an asylum seeker , and seemed to be integrating better than most , having secured an internship at a local bakery .
In this young man 's case , police believe that they radicalized in just a matter of days before carrying out their somewhat crude attack .
Eight burly guards in black suits ushered guests into an anonymous building on the bank of the Neva River in St. Petersburg , as activists , artists , and diplomats gathered last month for the opening of the city 's Queer Fest – the first time the annual event has been held under the shadow of a new law against `` gay propaganda '' aimed at minors .
But while the law has largely been used as a club against the city 's gay community , some say that it has not done much – and may even have galvanized the community to stand up for their rights .
The law , signed into effect by St. Petersburg 's governor this spring , outlaws `` public action aimed at propagandizing sodomy , lesbianism , bisexualism , and transgenderism among minors . '' Individuals found guilty face up to a 5,000-ruble fine , about $ 160 . Government officials and businesses face much higher maximum fines of 50,000 rubles ( $ 1,600 ) and 500,000 rubles ( $ 16,000 ) respectively .
According to Agence France-Presse , more than 70 people have been arrested for violating the law , though only one person , high-profile LGBT activist Nikolay Alekseyev , has been convicted . They have admitted to pushing boundaries in order to draw attention to and challenge the law .
Similar laws already existed in a handful of cities . Some proponents in the State Duma have said a national law would be desirable .
Almost three-quarters of Russians surveyed said homosexuals were immoral or suffered psychological problems , according to a survey by the research institute Levada in 2010 . Still , almost half of respondents believed homosexuals had the right to equality with heterosexual citizens .
Critics say authorities apply the law arbitrarily , often as a handy pretext to clear the streets of demonstrators . Polina Savchenko , from the organization Coming Out St. Petersburg , says , `` The police arrest people citing the new law , but once you 're in custody they drop those charges for others , such as disorderly conduct . ''
A chilly environment
The law 's wording is unclear regarding what it actually bars , leaving the city 's LGBT community to walk on eggshells . The Queer Fest event itself , for example – where portraits of lesbians lined the hall 's grand staircase and community advocates spoke freely – was limited to an 18-plus crowd by organizers for fear that it might be classified as propaganda .
Several attendees also noted that they were unsure what the law actually entailed – though they were afraid of persecution even before it was introduced .
`` I do n't show my love for my boyfriend openly , '' said Alexander Petrov , a volunteer at the event , adding , `` but I would n't have done that before either . '' Still , later Mr. Petrov later sought out a photojournalist and asked not to have their picture published in Russia .
Attendee Janet Yurieva , sporting a shaved head and a slight figure , made a similar point . `` Because I do n't look like a normal girl , I 'm afraid to go out on the street , '' they said . `` I do n't dare to kiss my girlfriend outside . Maybe somewhere no one can see us . ''
They said they had long experienced homophobia , even at home . `` I told my mom I was lesbian a few months ago . They started crying and blamed everything on my dad for leaving us when I was young . ''
But Ms. Savchenko , who flitted in and out of the grand exhibition hall , greeting friends and colleagues and moving proceedings along , said they saw an upside to the law . `` I actually believe the law has done more good than bad , ” they said . “ Why ? Because it has mobilized the LGBT community in our city . Before , no one would fight for their rights . People were OK with keeping their sexual orientation a secret . But now they 're angry and ready to defend themselves . ''
Foreign criticism
Abroad , the law has drawn heavy criticism . Indeed , one of the features of the event was a video appearance by Ian McKellan , the renowned British actor best known as Gandalf in the Lord of the Rings . Wearing a simple T-shirt that said `` Some people are gay . Get over it , '' Mr. McKellen told the suit-clad diplomats and hipster-styled party-goers in attendance that the fight for LGBT rights was a global one and wished St. Petersburg good luck to roaring cheers from the crowd .
Also at the festival opening , British Consul General to St. Petersburg Gareth Ward addressed the audience of about 100 invitees . They drew attention to the fact that gay rights had been secured step by step in their home country . British Foreign Office staff could not be openly gay until 1991 , they noted .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
`` We 've all had prejudices in our societies , but it can change , '' Mr. Ward said after their speech . `` As a member nation of the Council of Europe , Russia does have to listen to its neighbors , '' they added .
Ward had several colleagues in attendance , from Germany and France , among others – notably all from western European nations . `` We voiced our concern last fall even before the law was formerly introduced , '' said Sweden 's consul general to St. Petersburg , Jan Nyberg . `` So the authorities ought to know what we think . ''
2003 Game Of The Year - from media outlets
* Video Game Awards Only - The Video Game includes Console & PC Games , but not Handheld games , Mac games , Kids games , Indie games , etc .
* Professional Awards Only - The Media include Sites , Magazines , Newspapers , Publications , Broadcastings , but not Blogs have a staff of one .
* All-Format GOTY Awards Only - But a single GOTY pick must be a single title .
G4TV G-phoria 2003 ( US ) : Grand Theft Auto : Vice City
British Academy of Film and Television Arts ( UK ) : Call of Duty
Golden Joystick Awards ( UK ) : Grand Theft Auto : Vice City
Spike TV Video Game Awards ( US ) : Madden NFL 2004
JIVE Magazine ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
PGNx ( US ) : The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker
Extremegamer ( CA ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Actiontrip ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Actiontrip People 's Choice ( US ) : Call of Duty
Game-Revolution ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
X-Play ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
TIME ( US ) : Karaoke Revolution
Amazon.com ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
PALGN ( AU ) : The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker
DailyGame ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Games Domain ( UK ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Pittsburgh Tribune ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Console Gold ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Gamespy ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
GameSpot ( US ) : The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker
International Press Academy Satellite Awards ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Mania ( US ) : The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker
Marin Independent Journal ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
GameFAQs ( US ) : The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker
IGN ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
IGN Reader 's Choice GOTY ( US ) : The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker
NTSC-uk ( UK ) : Virtua Fighter 4 Evolution
NTSC-uk Reader 's Choice GOTY ( UK ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Diehard Gamefan ( US ) : Disgaea
AIAS ( US ) : Call of Duty
GameFly Q Awards ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Game Developers Choice Awards ( US ) : Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic
Game Industry News ( US ) : The Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind Bloodmoon
Quarter to Three ( US ) : Ratchet & Clank : Going Commando
NAViGaTR AWARDS ( US ) : Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time
Games TM ( UK ) : The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker
Games Magazine ( UK ) : The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker
* The Winners of the Year *
Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic - 18 ( including Awards 2004 )
The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker - 8
Call of Duty - 4 ( including Awards 2004 )
Grand Theft Auto : Vice City - 2
Disgaea - 1
Karaoke Revolution - 1
Madden NFL 2004 - 1
Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time - 1
Ratchet & Clank : Going Commando - 1
The Elder Scrolls III : Morrowind Bloodmoon - 1
Virtua Fighter 4 Evolution - 1
* The Big Winner of the Year - Star Wars : KOTOR *
______________________________________________________
* Updated . Thanks , henry b12 ! - Games Magazine Award
______________________________________________________
To learn about the question campaign , watch this video , and join the “ What will you do for the atheist voters ? ” campaign page .
Colleen Hanabusa , who represents the 1st congressional district of Hawaii , began their political career in 1998 as the State Senator for the 21st District of Hawaii following several decades as a labor lawyer . Prior to obtaining their Juris Doctorate from the William S. Richardson School of Law in 1977 , Hanabusa earned a Master of Arts degree in Sociology in 1975 and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Sociology in 1973 from the University of Hawaii at Manoa . While in the Hawaii State Senate , Hanabusa served as Senate Majority Leader and was elected President of the Senate in 2006 , the first Asian-American woman to do so in the U.S. After several unsuccessful bids for Congress , Hanabusa defeated incumbent Charles Djou in 2010 to win their current congressional seat , where they serve on the Committees on Armed Services and Natural Resources . Hanabusa , who grew up in Wai'ainae , is a 4th generation American of Japanese Ancestry and the third Buddhist elected to congress .
As a first-year student member of congress , Hanabusa has consistently voted the Democratic party line on matters of budget , health care and defense . While in the Hawaii legislature , they co-chaired the investigative committee on the Felix Consent Decree for Special Needs Children . They introduced a bill to offer tax credits to a developer with whom they had a close association , not unusual in Hawaii , but when vetoed , they sued to overturn . As President of the Senate , they routinely introduced a speaker to give the “ invocation ” before sessions , a clear violation of the separation of church and state . Hanabusa , currently running for re-election against their former adversary Djou , has the backing of veteran Hawaii powerhouses , Senators Akaka and Inouye , in a state that has been controlled by a powerful Democratic Party .
In 2008 , Hanabusa married state Sheriff John F. Souza III . Souza has been involved in a number of controversial business and real estate transactions where there is at least the appearance of benefiting from their association with Hanabusa , including the Ka Olina tax credit bill .
When challenged with the question “ What will you do for atheist voters ? ” Congresswoman Hanasuba replied with the following letter :
“ Thank you for your correspondence expressing your support for the separation of church and state . I appreciate your input on this important issue .
“ I share your conviction that one of the most important principals in American government is the separation of church and state . The First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , explicitly states that “ Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press , or the right of the people to peaceably assemble , and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. ” As a member of Congress , I have sworn an oath to uphold the Constitution .
“ Hawaii is a state made up of minorities and thus , I believe that representing diverse views is integral to effective law-making . And as your elected representative , I make a conscious effort to listen to and carefully consider ideas from constituents and colleagues from diverse backgrounds with varying beliefs before making policy decisions and always consider the needs of the people of Hawaii first and foremost . My primary focus is to advocate for legislation that is in the best interest of the people of Hawaii .
“ Again , thank you for expressing your views on these crucial issues . I hope you will continue to contact me on federal matters of concern to you . If you would like regular updates , please sign up for my e-newsletter at https : //hanabusa.house.gov “
Sincerely ,
Colleen Hanabusa
Member of Congress
Representative Hanabusa 's rating from the Secular Coalition for America 's Congressional Report Card is 57 % with the detracting votes including voting for reaffirmation of “ In God We Trust ” as the national motto , granting the religious and discriminatory Boy Scouts free public land , and voting for churches to have exemptions from registration and disclosure requirements .
To learn more about Representative Colleen Hanabusa 's positions and voting record , visit Project Vote Smart .
For more information on how to get involved in the Question Campaign please contact your local SCL , or join the Hawaii state chapter of the National Atheist Party
Alison Ressler
Hawaii State Chapter Leader
National Atheist Party
Top
HARRISBURG , Pa. ( AP ) — Police say a central Pennsylvania teacher washed out a 10-year-old boy 's mouth with soap , but they 've determined it was n't a crime .
Officials with the Harrisburg School District are n't speaking about the matter , citing student confidentiality issues .
Ciara White and their son , Donald Thomas , spoke to WHP-TV . Police Capt . Gabriel Olivera tells Pennlive.com that the police investigation confirmed their claims , but that the teacher 's actions — even if true — do n't amount to a crime .
The boy says they do n't want to go back to Camp Curtin Academy while the teacher — who police and school officials have n't identified — still works there . The district wo n't say whether the teacher has been disciplined .
The boy 's mother says it happened Oct. 13 after Donald argued with another student .
10.Ireland , Bangladesh , New Zealand tri-series ( May )
An exciting series for Ireland to host with Bangladesh and New Zealand getting a last minute hit out before the Champions Trophy . For Bangladesh it provides them with more valuable batting and bowling in Europe while for Ireland it gives them more opportunity at playing in tournaments against full members . Although you would expect NZ to win , do n't count out either side from causing an upset .
9.New Zealand vs Bangladesh , Test Series ( January )
Although the ODI and T20 series was disappointing in terms of competitiveness , the test series should have a new level of intrigue with Bangladesh rarely getting away test series and New Zealand in need of some test form . Bangladesh 's last test match resulted in a win over England and success in New Zealand could set up a big year .
8.Ireland vs Afghanistan , Intercontinental Cup ( March )
It may seem odd to putting this match on the list but it 's significance ca n't be underestimated . Ireland leads the Intercontinental Cup table however an Afghan win in this match ( which is at home ) could change the final outcome of the competition . The winner will take on the bottom ranked test nation ( likely Zimbabwe ) for a four test series . If they win then they will become the 11th test nation .
7.New Zealand vs South Africa Test , ODI and T20 ( February )
Remember the last time South Africa played New Zealand in New Zealand ? Let 's hope the five ODI , one T20 and three test series comes close . The recent series between these two in South Africa was significantly hurt by rain making it difficult to measure how these two nations match up . With both sides showing shaky form in all three formats this series should be interesting .
6.Bangladesh vs Australia Test series ( Possibly August/September )
A few things need to take place before this series can be 100 % confirmed but Cricket Australia seem keen to tour in a possible August/September period after the series was postponed in 2015 because of security concerns . It 's been over 10 years since these two team have played each other in tests and since then Bangladesh 's rise ( especially at home ) has been massive . The recent 1-1 draw with England shows their fight and skill at home while Australia 's recent struggles against spin in Asia could equal an exciting series . 19-year-old Mehedi Hasan Miraz taking on the likes of Warner and Smith will be a highlight of the series .
5.South Africa vs India Test series ( Possibly December )
There is a chance this series may not go ahead with South Africa 's already packed home season at the end of 2017 featuring the likes of Bangladesh , Australia and possibly Sri Lanka however SA are scheduled to play 3 test against the Indians over the Christmas period . If it does go ahead it should be as exciting as the last time India visited South Africa where the first test was described as one of the “ closest draws ” in test cricket history . Let 's hope we can see the battle between Ab de Villiers and Virat Kohli take place as well .
4.ICC champions Trophy ( June )
While it would have been more exciting for this to be a test championship which was the original plan , it will still be an exciting tournament and a precursor to the 2019 world cup which will also be held in England . Although it will be disappointing to not see the likes of the West Indies playing in this tournament , the fast pace nature of the 18 day tournament should equal some superb ODI Cricket .
3.England vs South Africa Test , ODI and T20 series ( May/August )
When ever South Africa head to England it seems and English captain gets sacked . Michael Vaughn and Nasser Hussain being infamous . The series comes after a difficult period for England while a return to form for South Africa and should result in an exciting series . Watching the likes of Kagiso Rabada , Vernon Philander and hopefully Dale Steyn bowl in England will be a highlight of the series .
2.India vs Australia Test series ( February/March )
Australia 's first trip to India for a few years after embarrassingly losing 4-0 that was a catalyst for a lot of change in Australian Cricket and since then the Aussies have lost series after series in Asia . India will end their mammoth , 13 test in a row stint with this series and will be looking to increase their current 16 test unbeaten streaks . The likes of Ashwin and Jadeja will be looking to capitalise on Australia 's recent struggles in Asia while the young Aussie team will be out to change the perception of them in the Cricketing world .
1.The Ashes ( November/December )
Ending the year is the oldest and most legendary test series in Cricket . This years Ashes is set to be one of the most interesting with England currently holding the urn after the 2015 series held in England . Both sides have had shaky form over the past few years since the famous Australian 5-0 victory at home so England 's return to Australia should bring a much closer battle with players like Hameed Hameed and Keaton Jennings apart of a younger England team .
Dr. Mark L. Willenbring , the former director of the Treatment and Recovery Research Division of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , previously responded to reader questions about alcohol use in “ A New View of Alcoholism. ” Here , they address one reader 's question about the health benefits of drinking .
Is low-risk drinking good for you ? Should you drink to reduce your risk for heart disease ? Is wine better than beer or spirits ? Is grape juice just as good ? Anonymous , consults @ nytimes.com
Dr. Willenbring replies :
There is a lot of evidence linking low-risk drinking with lower rates of heart attacks , strokes and dying , especially among middle-aged and older adults . However , most of this is correlational , meaning these things tend to go together without being able to say what causes what .
There is a clinical trial under way to actually test whether “ prescribing ” a daily dose of alcohol reduces cardiac risk or not , and what harmful effects there might be . In the absence of such studies assessing risk versus benefit , it is premature to “ prescribe ” drinking .
On the other hand , low-risk drinking is associated with many other good health outcomes , including a reduced likelihood of diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease .
However , even low-risk drinking is associated with a higher incidence of breast cancer in women , and drinking may harm fetuses at any level , so pregnant women are urged to abstain .
The evidence regarding wine versus other beverages like grape juice is mixed , so I do n't think it 's possible to draw firm conclusions at this time . It 's most likely that both alcohol , per se , and the resveratrol found in grape skins have independent effects .
A more detailed review of the evidence regarding moderate drinking is available at the alcohol institute 's Web site , “ Moderate Drinking . ”
One final note : the way different groups or agencies describe moderate drinking can be confusing . For example , the Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2005 , from the United States Department of Agriculture , defines moderate drinking as “ the consumption of up to one drink per day for women and up to two drinks per day for men. ” These are best thought of as averages over time , and if you divide the alcohol institute 's weekly guidelines — 14 drinks for men , 7 for women — by seven , you arrive at the same average intake of two drinks per day for men and one per day for women . The U.S.D.A . guidelines do n't specifically address a limit for any one day . Thus , the alcohol institute and U.S.D.A . guidelines are consistent , but the institute 's provide additional guidance .
My personal take on all this is that for most people , low-risk drinking is not harmful to health — and may be helpful . Anyone with existing medical conditions or who takes medications should discuss whether to drink with their doctor . However , I would discourage people from drinking in order to improve their health .
Dr. Willenbring is an addiction psychiatrist in St. Paul , Minn. Their blog , Substance Matters , is devoted to substance use conditions .
What 's With the $ 2 Bill ? By Dr. Sol Taylor
`` Making Cents ''
Saturday , June 14 , 2008 T they Bureau of Engraving and Printing prints $ 2 bills  but only about 1 percent of its monthly production are these bills . Some months the production is less than 1 percent or even zero .
The demand , if you can call it that , comes from the various Federal Reserve banks ( there are 12 of them in the U.S. ) when their existing supply runs low or runs out . Some areas of the country use more of the notes than others , so the demand is localized .
One common myth is that $ 2 bills have some numismatic value . They do not . The ones issued in 1953 and earlier with the red seal and serial numbers are worth at least $ 4 each and more in crisp , new condition . The notes from 1976  the bicentennial notes  are worth face value even in crisp new condition . This includes the notes which were postally cancelled on the date of issue  April 13 , 1976 . These notes are available from dealers for less than $ 3 a note , with a few exceptions where the notes also have some important signatures ; commemorative stamps which issued July 4 , 1976 ; or various other combinations . The last series , known as 2003A , are the current notes and are not worth any premium over face value .
The denomination was started in 1862 with the issuance of our first national currency . These notes are very scarce in any grade and very valuable in crisp new condition . In 1869 , Thomas Jefferson was added to the design and it was known as a `` Treasury Note . '' In 1874 the design was modified , and the note was known as a `` United States Note . ''
After a few more design changes in 1896 , the Educational Series of notes appeared and were also silver certificates  they were backed by deposits of silver bullion and redeemable in silver . The last of the large sized notes was issued in 1918 as a Federal Reserve banknote . The reverse featured a World War I battleship and is often referred to as the `` Battleship Note . ''
The small-sized notes , which included all denominations , first appeared in 1929 . The $ 2 bill was issued as `` United States Note '' with a red Treasury seal and red serial numbers and a design similar to the current design with Monticello on the reverse . The final issue of this type of note was in 1963 with the motto `` In God We Trust '' added to the reverse .
Earlier issues of 1929 and 1953 showed Jefferson on the front and their home , Monticello , on the back . The 1976 note however featured the famous portrait of the signers of the Declaration of Independence on the back . * * * The impact of the $ 2 bill is seen in certain areas where it is specifically used in quantities to stimulate the local economy . Geneva Steel in Utah County paid its employees in $ 2 bills as bonuses in 1989 . In 1977 , Clemson University football fans stamped thousands of $ 2 bills with the team 's tiger paw logo and spent them locally showing local merchants their impact on the economy .
The other side of the story is one from a Taco Bell  date and location not known , but verified by Snopes.com )  that a customer presented a $ 2 for payment and was detained until the security officer indicated the note was real U.S. money .
In a more publicized event at a Best Buy in 2005 , a customer offered 57 new $ 2 bills ( serially numbered ) in payment and not only was detained but arrested until the police could intervene and certify , or at least verify , that $ 2 bills are real U.S. money .
Only last year I paid with $ 2 bills at a few New Jersey businesses and in each case got the bill looked at by the manager or another person for reassurance . Since they so rarely appear in commerce , clerks and especially young salespeople are not sure of what to make of them . * * * Some years ago , Canada stopped making $ 1 bills and upped production of $ 2 bills . Canada also had been issuing $ 1 coins every year since the 1930s , so people were used to seeing $ 1 coins in circulation .
That ended the life of Canada 's $ 2 bills , and when the Loon $ 1 ( or `` Loonie '' ) was introduced several years ago , these coins filled the niche of the old $ 1 bill . Then Canada also issued a Polar Bear or `` Toonie '' $ 2 coin and they , too , fell right into the local commercial channels . Public transit systems , parking meters , cash registers and coin counting machines are all receptive to the $ 1 and $ 2 coins .
Since the United States has tried to get consumers to accept $ 1 coins , all attempts have failed . The Eisenhower dollars , Susan B. Anthony dollars , the Sacagawea dollars and the new Presidential dollars are not making their way into the cash registers .
As long as the Bureau of Engraving and Printing continues to make $ 1 bills ( about half of its monthly production output ) , the paper dollar will survive . If the $ 1 bill fades away , the $ 2 bill will fill that niche until we can go to $ 1 and $ 2 coins as have Canada , Great Britain and the European Union countries .
The BEP sells $ 2 bills in special formats , such as uncut sheets of from 12 notes to 32-note formats , at more than double the face value . They are suitable for framing and make nice wall hangings .
In 2000 , the BEP made up 9,999 sets of $ 2 bills from each of the 12 Federal Reserve districts , all starting with the serial number `` 2000 , '' and sold these sets at a premium above the face value . Notes with a star in the serial number are also packaged and sold in sets for a premium .
The BEP is open to the public , and its sales division offers these and many other products for purchase . The BEP also sets up shop at major coin conventions and demonstrates some printing methods such as the old spider press to print souvenir cards .
There are fantasy $ 3 bills  which are not real and should not confuse anyone with the real $ 2 bills . Counterfeit $ 2 bills are virtually unknown . However , some enterprising counterfeiters have been known to take real $ 2 bills and skillfully alter them to appear to be $ 20 bills .
©2008 SCV COMMUNICATIONS GROUP & SOL TAYLOR · ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .
Updated : April 21 , 6:40 a.m .
Partial results from Afghanistan 's presidential election released Sunday reveal candidate Abdullah Abdullah as the front runner , though a runoff election still appears likely .
Abdullah , a former Foreign Minister who ran against outgoing President Hamid Karzai in the last election , has 44 percent of the votes that have been tallied so far , the Associated Press reports . Abdullah 's closest competitor , former Finance Minister and World Bank official Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai , has received 33.2 percent of the vote . Either candidate will need to secure more than 50 percent of the vote to avoid a runoff election .
Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission announced the results , which represent close to half of the approximately 7 million votes cast in the April 5 election . Final election results are expected on May 14 .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
The victor will oversee Afghanistan through a period of transition as the U.S. and other NATO countries are expected to withdraw troops from the nation . Both candidates have called for a new start with Western countries and have promised to sign a U.S. security pact with which Karzai has refused to agree .
[ AP ]
Write to Nolan Feeney at nolan.feeney @ time.com .
There are myriad sex differences — physical , emotional , mental , temperamental , and psychological — that anyone of sane mind unblemished by equalist propaganda can observe permeating every aspect of daily life in which men and women interact . But maybe the most pervasive , immutable , and encompassing sex difference is…penmanship . Johnny Redux writes ,
I always have found one very fascinating difference between males and females , which can only be explained by brain behavior – pretty much 90 % of the time , you can tell the difference between male and female handwriting . That shows how the brain actually behaves and interprets things , when pen is put to paper . It covers all educational levels , and all professions . I am not concerned with primate writing , so I can only speak on what I have seen of my race .
So true , and the Chateau covered this topic a while ago in this post . Cursive summary : the more biologically and irretrievably feminine the woman ( according to digit ratio and personality assessment ) , the more feminine the handwriting . The God of Biomechanics is a prankster who likes to mock our cherished moral aspirations with the flick of a pen .
So if you 're dating a girl who still owns a pen and writes them d 's and p 's with bloated , pregnant relish and tops them i 's with hearts , wife that bitch up .
In following the trajectory of the new CRISPR technology , I found myself digging into data that is relevant to the periodic Ricochet debates on artificial reproductive technologies ( ART ) , specifically in vitro fertilization ( IVF ) . I 'll get to both tech and politics shortly , but I 'm going to start with numbers : specifically , using market sizes as a proxy for demand , and an indirect indication of social and political impact . ( All of these are public numbers that are “ rough order of magnitude , ” and I have done some mixing of products and services totals . )
IVF of all kinds is about a $ 10 billion/year market worldwide . When I compare that to other categories that are somehow connected to fertility , it 's larger than I expected : The total worldwide market for contraceptives is about the same size ; Infertility drugs are a bit short of $ 5 billion world wide ; The total global market for erectile disfunction ( ED ) drugs – Viagra and kin – is $ 2 to 2.5 billion per year ; and Abortion and related services are about the same size ( US only ) . I also looked for figures on surrogacy — the other bete noir here — but they are scarce . The best I could find suggests that surrogacy makes for , at most , a couple of percents of all IVFs in the US , but there are no reliable numbers for elsewhere .
Combining the above categories , about $ 30 billion a year is spent on the technologies derived from the Sexual Revolution , about $ 17.5 billion of which goes toward trying to become a parent , and about $ 12.5 billion spent trying to avoid it . IVF is about a third of the total , so — much to my surprise — it 's something of a whale in the category .
But compared to the overall medical market , reproductive technology is a minnow . One blockbuster drug — Humira , an anti-inflammatory — clocks in at $ 10 billion a year . The pharmaceutical industry in total is a trillion dollar a year market , before we even get into medical services and devices . If even a few percent of that total medical spending were diverted into ART in general ( or IVF in particular ) , it would cause a revolution in that market and its social impact .
What could cause that to happen ? Genomics . Here I 'll steal a chart from George Church :
This plots technical capability over time on a logarithmic scale . The straight , green line at the top shows Moore 's Law , the trend in semiconductor capability that has changed computers from room-filling monsters , to PCs , to throw-away gadgets within the lifetime of many of the people reading this . Consider all the social change that wave caused , swirl it around in your mind , and savor .
The blue curve , however , is the advance of genomics , as proxied by the cost to sequence a single complete human genome . It 's running much faster than Moore 's Law , at a greater than exponential rate : sequencing the first human genome cost roughly $ 3 billion dollars ; today , there 's limited availability of genome sequencing at $ 1,000 per person . As technology drivers go , this is a blockbuster , and it 's coming faster than computing did .
How does this drive IVF ? Despite the buzz , it 's not in “ designer babies. ” Most phenotype traits that you might want to select for — appearance , intelligence , etc. , — seem to be the results of multiple genes working in combination , as well as complexes of regulators and environmental factors , all of which is poorly understood at this point . Having masses of raw genome data gives us a tool to start picking away at the complexity , but we 're neither there yet , nor likely to be so for a while .
Most IVF today is the result of a couple 's infertility , and comes after a long period of failure and trials with fertility drugs , and those numbers are unlikely to increase much in the foreseeable future , and does n't involve genomic technology at all . However , a small fraction — about 3 percent — is subject to pre-implantation genetic diagnosis ( PGD ) . This process is used by parents who know in advance that they are carriers for genetic abnormalities , and who have embryos created , tested , and screened for that abnormality in vitro before implantation .
What happens when our knowledge of genetic risk expands by orders of magnitude , and when we focus on looking for a handful of point mutations , rather than sequencing an entire genome ? Massive change . Given the long-term costs of supporting many who are born with abnormalities , the economics of mass screening will be overwhelming . Even at the current $ 10,000 – $ 20,000 cost of PGD screening , the economic positives are vastly favorable to long term care costs of those born with defects .
You do n't need designer babies or understanding of development biology to blow up the IVF market : just cheap genetic diagnostics . The less the cost of those tests and the more PGD expands , the further down the list of severity we can screen .
PGD itself is an imprecise method : you fertilize a lot of eggs and try to find a few that pass screening . And this is where I actually entered the story : CRISPR is a fairly new genetic technique that allows site-specific genome editing with precision , eliminating the need for creating so many embryos in the hopes of finding only those who pass . If PGD is a shotgun , CRISPR is a scoped rifle .
To date , CRISPR has not been applied successfully to a human germ cell . There was a recent , bally-hooed Human Gene Editing Summit in DC , that purports to have handed down rules against the practice . Do n't you believe it . It 's already been tried in China , an initial failure . But that is the country that is building an industrial scale cow cloning facility , and has a whole generation of single-child families wanting to make sure each birth preserves their line . It 's coming . And remember , you do n't even need CRISPR to get started down this line : diagnostics and PGD will get you going .
And finally , as to the political debates , both here on Ricochet and elsewhere : to the extent there is a general awareness of the issue , it 's another stick to beat the religious right , as indifferent to those who draw the genetic short straw . That 's unlikely to improve as the technology advances .
As of now , IVF is largely an alternative to barren misery for a small minority of couples . With plummeting prices in gene sequencing/screening and the likely arrival of CRISPR in humans , we 're looking at a shift that will turn it into a way to avoid creating individuals who may endure a miserable lifetime at great social cost , and a way to eliminate specific genetic diseases within within families and , ultimately , populations . The emotional , political , and market appeal of that is difficult to overestimate .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
When your favorite diet advice is the same as junk food peddlers ' favorite diet advice , maybe you should reconsider .
“ Everything in moderation ” is attractive advice , but also a trap . It amounts to saying we should n't have too much of anything , which is true by definition : that 's why we call it “ too much. ” But the word “ moderation ” is vague , and its vagueness makes it a friendly , big-tent kind of concept : however much you eat , you can find a way of convincing yourself that you eat in moderation .
Advertisement
We Appeal to “ Moderation ” to Dismiss Things We Do n't Want to Hear
Nutrition professionals have a specific meaning for the word : moderation means small portions , especially when talking about food that we should eat little to none of . This is n't the “ everything in moderation ” that Aristotle wrote about , where we try to avoid extremes of too much and too little . There 's no such thing as too little candy : you can skip it entirely and still be perfectly healthy . Instead , nutritionists use the concept of moderation as a tool for managing cravings . Here 's how two dieticians described it in the Journal of Nutrition Education :
“ [ T ] he message of balance , variety and moderation also can help remove some of the psychological baggage attached to healthful eating in the U.S . It can eliminate “ all-or-nothing ” perceptions that give rise to guilt , and in many cases , overeating , when people inevitably choose less healthful foods . ”
Advertisement
There are some good ideas here : eating a little bit of junk food does n't have to derail your diet , and knowing that it 's okay to treat yo'self can make it easier to stick to a healthy eating plan in the first place .
But .
Once you give yourself license to eat anything “ in moderation , ” it easily turns into license to eat anything , and call it moderation . The word has become an excuse , a way to say “ screw you , I 'm going to eat whatever I want ” —all while smugly proclaiming that you live by simple , folksy advice and do n't have to worry about the latest in nutrition science .
Advertisement
You 'll find appeals to moderation in the comments of any advice or news about nutrition . For example , these are some of the responses on Twitter to a Washington Post article about bacon 's association with cancer risk . There are valid criticisms of the bacon-cancer connection , but these comments do not address them :
Kudos to these benevolent nutritionists swooping in with advice to help people manage their cravings ! Oh wait . What they 're actually doing is invoking “ everything in moderation ” as a shield to let them dismiss the news and keep doing what they 're doing .
Advertisement
After all , if you live by a simple rule , you do n't need to keep up with the ever-changing advice on nutrition . Instead of following good advice , you can pretend that you 're following it already . We also use this rule to avoid dealing with harsh truths ( What if I do eat too much bacon ? ) . Since there 's no official dividing line between moderation and “ too much , ” we can draw the line wherever we like : anybody who eats more bacon than me is eating too much . I 'm fine , though .
Junk Food Companies Love “ Moderation ”
Not convinced ? Think about this : The junk food companies love the concept of “ moderation ” .
Advertisement
For example , look at the Back to Balance Coalition , made of 18 “ leading food groups ” that have signed a statement of principles promoting moderation . Their motto : “ All foods fit in a balanced diet . ”
And those food groups ? They include the Sugar Association , the National Confectioners Association , the Corn Refiners Association ( makers of corn syrup ) , the National Potato Council ( remember that most potato consumption in America is through chips and fries ) , the Grocery Manufacturers Association ( members include Coca-Cola and Hershey ) , and the Snack Food Association .
Their statement declares that “ All foods can fit within a healthful , overall dietary pattern if consumed in moderation with appropriate portion size and combined with physical activity. ” In other words , these groups really do n't want you to say that you should stop eating their food , or that you should think of your diet as unhealthful if it includes their foods . The idea of junk food being part of a healthy diet reminds me of what Dave Barry said about cereal makers calling their product “ part of this complete breakfast ” :
Do n't they really mean , “ Adjacent to this complete breakfast , “ or “ On the same table as this complete breakfast ” ? And could n't they make essentially the same claim if , instead of Froot Loops , they put a can of shaving cream there , or a dead bat ?
Advertisement
The reference to physical activity is also technically true while mostly meaningless : Sure , you can burn off the calories in your pack of Doritos , but that does n't erase the fact that you ate it . We also know that you ca n't rely on exercise to keep you healthy if you 're eating crap .
The National Confectioners Association takes the illusion of moderation a step farther . They endorse , on their website , a semi-scientific limit of “ 50 to 100 calories a day ” from candy . These handy guides give you ideas for how much candy you should , can eat : Two Twizzlers . Ten gummy bears . A single “ fun size ” candy bar . If you want a full size candy bar , that eats ( sorry ) your candy allotment for the whole week .
Yet on the same web site , they offer advice on how to get people to impulse-buy more candy . Checkout lanes should be stocked 51 % with gum , mints , drinks , and snacks for people who want to “ recharge ” after a long shopping trip ; and 39 % of the space should go to chocolate and other candy for people who want to reward themselves for completing the chore of shopping .
Advertisement
The association 's more strict stance fits with the FDA 's recent recommendation that Americans should have no more than 10 % of their calories from added sugar , or about 200 calories a day . ( The World Health Organization recommends half that amount ) .
But they do n't actually stand behind that limit . When the FDA proposed adding their recommended limit to package labels ( giving added sugars a percent daily value like other nutrients ) a spokesperson for the NCA told Food Business News that the group does n't support the proposal :
The National Confectioners Association said the F.D.A . 's plans to place percentage daily values for added sugars on food labels were unnecessary and may confuse consumers .
Advertisement
In other words , the claims about moderation are lip service without any intention to commit . If pressed , they 'll say they only recommend a teensy amount of candy per day , but they 're hoping that consumers wo n't find out about , much less abide by , the two-Twizzler limit .
FInd a Better Rule
“ Everything in moderation ” is a crappy rule to live by . But it 's great as inspiration for coming up with rules that can help you in the long run .
Advertisement
It 's true that small portions of junk food are better than large portions , and that you do n't have to completely cut a well-loved treat out of your life . So decide—now , not when you 're standing at the sundae bar—what treats are worth eating and how much you can “ afford ” to eat without sabotaging yourself .
We have lots of advice on this here at Lifehacker , because dealing with cravings for junk food is a normal part of life . Maybe it was n't when we were all hunter-gatherers ( then again , some hunter-gatherers eat a lot of honey ) but we live in a world where the checkout lanes are packed with treats meant to prey on our psychological weaknesses .
So you can choose your treats on their merits , deciding for example whether that slice of cake tastes good enough to be worth a minor setback in your weight loss . You can be mindful of your cravings and create triggers to redirect yourself to better choices .
Advertisement
You can even ditch the moderation mindset entirely and declare certain foods off-limits . Use this strategy with caution , since it does n't work for everybody or with every food , but sometimes knowing that you have to say no can give you peace of mind by making decisions easy . You can also say no to all foods , but on a temporary basis during the day : this is called intermittent fasting , and it can help manage cravings .
Which strategy you choose depends on your goals . If you 're not trying to lose weight—or if you 've decided that you just do n't care what you eat ( maybe this is a stressful time in your life and you just need to get through this last year of school with whatever comfort foods it takes ) , be honest with yourself . And be honest with others too : do n't dismiss dietary advice with “ Duh , everything in moderation. ” Instead tell the truth : “ That 's probably good advice , but I 'm not going to follow it . ”
Illustration by Tara Jacoby .
Vitals is a new blog from Lifehacker all about health and fitness . Follow us on Twitter here .
Few modern watchmakers have the charisma of Peter Speake-Marin , and their watches are jealously collected and guarded by enthusiasts . It is always remarkable when one of their pieces comes up for sale , and especially so when it 's one of the hand-engraved “ Collection 2 ” models decorated by Kees Engelbarts .
Here we have a really amazing early Speake-Marin watch , serial number 1 of the engraved “ collection 2 ” series . It has a white gold case that looks awfully yellow in these photos , but it 's the hand-engraved yellow gold dial that seals the deal . Hand done by Kees Engelbarts , the dial is as much a Speake-Marin signature as the iconic “ Piccadilly ” case . Check out the web site for lots of great pictures of this dial style !
So what exactly is this thing ? Let me back up…
Peter Speake-Marin is a watch technician and designer from England who studied at the WOSTEP school in Neuchâtel and worked at Somlo Antiques and as a complications designer at Renaud & Papi ( now part of Audemars Piguet ) . In 2000 they created their own pocket watch and launched their own brand , Speake-Marin , in 2002 .
The initial Speake-Marin watch is known as the Piccadilly ( for the location of Somlo ) and has a classic design , with a drum-shaped body , large scrolled and screwed lugs , and a large crown . Every Speake-Marin watch features this same basic case , giving them instant recognition from those in the know .
In 2003 , Speake-Marin announced a second “ collection ” of Piccadilly watches , this time with fine engraved dials . This is ( apparently ) the first of those watches , or at least the first of its specific model . It was recently serviced by the company which , as noted by the seller , supplied replacement lug screws and the correct rose gold crown .
Is this watch worth $ 16,500 ? I 'll let you decide , but I know where my money would be ( if I was in the market ) .
Related Posts
Related Posts
Year : 2000 's Brand : Speake-Marin Style : Dress watch Case : Gold Country : Europe Source : PuristSPro Tags : 2004 Speake-Marin `` Piccadilly '' Engraved Original Collection 2
Volvo Car Group unveils Concept Estate at Geneva Motor Show
Volvo Car Group will use the Geneva Motor Show to reveal the third in a series of concept cars – the Concept Estate – that continues the widely-admired exterior design language revealed in the first two concepts , but for the first time reveals how the interior of Volvo 's forthcoming models will both look and function .
The Volvo Concept Estate 's most striking interior design feature is its simplicity . The traditional selection of buttons and controls have been replaced by one large tablet-like touch screen control panel in the centre console , bringing the interior firmly into the 21st century .
“ The basic idea is to organise controls and information in a perfectly intuitive and user-friendly way . Everything is exactly where you expect it to be , making the drive more enjoyable , efficient and safe , ” says Thomas Ingenlath , Senior Vice President Design at Volvo Car Group .
In association with Volvo 's specially designed software , the touch screen will be the main control panel for Volvo 's new in-car user experience . It replaces all buttons and controls except for a few crucial functions such as volume , play/pause , hazard warning and window heaters . It also interacts seamlessly with the digital instrument cluster in front of the driver .
“ Not having to deal with buttons and controls for a growing number of functionalities is like being freed from a pair of handcuffs , ” says Robin Page , Design Director Interior of Volvo Car Group . “ This has made it possible to build a beautiful interior architecture around the portrait screen . The concept car showcases how this user interface will be integrated in our new car generation . ”
Volvo is the company that redefined the Estate car by combining functionality , sturdiness and practicality with performance . The V70 and XC70 are among the most respected Estates on the market and the new Concept Estate points to how the company could capitalise on this heritage in its forthcoming models .
Volvo has been on a winning streak with its concept cars . The Concept Coupé was named ‘ Car of the Show ' by a leading German auto magazine at the Frankfurt Motor Show , while the Concept XC Coupé received the prestigious ‘ Eyes ON Design ' award at the Detroit Motor Show .
Global attention on Volvo 's concept cars has been intensifying as they provide the first significant clues as to how the all-new and much-anticipated XC90 SUV and subsequent cars will look . The XC90 is due to be launched later this year .
Learning from history
The rear of Concept Estate echoes the design of the Volvo 1800 ES from the early 1970s .
“ The 1800-models are iconic Volvos , renowned for their beautiful forms and detailing . However , using elements from their exterior and interior has nothing to do with being retro . We are using these subtle links to a glorious past to create a future in which sheer beauty becomes a recognised part of Volvo 's identity , ” says Thomas Ingenlath .
The subtle inspiration from the 1800-models is also evident on several details inside the Concept Estate , such as the two-spoke steering wheel , the instrument panel and the dials .
Robin Page explains : “ The first four decades of the Volvo history was characterised by classic craftsmanship and high quality materials . We are merging this vital part of our brand DNA with the more recent focus on technology and smart functionality . In the Concept Estate we also add the creative side of Scandinavia . The result is an exotic interior with genuine materials and beautiful detailing . ”
Beautiful and different
Applying this approach to the iconic estate car – which is the essence of versatile Volvo functionality – creates a car that is both beautiful and different .
The generous dash to axle ratio , low bonnet , sleek silhouette and the glass roof all contribute to the impression of a dynamic , yet capable three-door sports wagon . The contrast between the deep , dark brown pear colour and the bright five-spoke , 21-inch wheels contributes to the modern , cool aura .
Just like the recent Concept Coupé and the Concept XC Coupé , the face of the Volvo Concept Estate is characterised by a new topography on the bonnet and the ‘ floating ' grille , flanked by headlights featuring new T-shaped DRL light guides . The rear light signature is another distinctive element in Volvo Cars ' new design direction .
Swedish inside and out
Extrovert and colourful trends within contemporary Swedish lifestyle and design have been powerful sources of inspiration for the design team . Occupants in all four seats are embraced by orange seat belts , and the exclusive , woven wool carpets from the Swedish designer Kasthall have the same deep accent colour .
The crystal gear leaver from Orrefors/Kosta Boda also has an orange glow , while the chequered black and white wool textile on the headliner and rear sides of the front seats adds playfulness to the ‘ room ' .
“ Creativity is thriving in Swedish society . This includes design and technology as well as the fashion , music and art scene . We have used all this as inspiration to create a new , exciting way to express Sweden 's soul , ” says Thomas Ingenlath .
The feel of a Scandinavian living room
Refined , handcrafted details , such as an instrument panel covered by thick , naturally tanned saddle leather from Tärnsjö , inlays made of waxed , naturally aged wood and machined copper details , also emphasise the exclusive Swedish atmosphere inside Concept Estate .
“ The interior is exceptionally vivid . Yet the glass roof and seats covered by light , soft Bridge of Weir leather help to retain that bright and cosy feeling that is the hallmark of a Swedish living room . A place that makes you feel so comfortable that you are reluctant to leave , ” says Robin Page .
Specially designed Swedish ‘ kubb ' game
The ambiance might inspire occupants to stop for a picnic and game of Swedish “ kubb ” . The specially designed game set is visible through the load floor in the back .
“ Do n't know the rules ? No problem . They are printed on the transparent floor . And rain is no excuse . You will find exclusive Stutterheim raincoats in the back of the car as well , ” explains Robin Page .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Volvo 's Partner Suppliers in the creation of the Concept Coupé , Concept XC Coupé and Concept Estate :
Tires : Pirelli
Wheels : Uniwheels
Leather : Bridge of Weir
Exterior paint : Axalta Coating Systems
Carpet : Kasthall
Gear shift : Kongsberg
Gear shift glass : Orrefors
Exterior light : Valeo
Belts : Autoliv
Interior ambient light : 3M
YouTube links :
Introducing the Volvo Concept Estate : http : //youtu.be/asEWToyN1uY
Introducing the Volvo Concept Estate - interior : http : //youtu.be/B1q4YjQX3iU
The new in-car experience by Volvo Cars : http : //youtu.be/fLkNBvzxa9E
Only those who try to recreate a small village realize the magnitude of Alaska , when it recreates a large area is all ... you have to have patience and even temper and do not know how you do it ..
Now I have much more careful , , I know the Cracken is under outerra and attack me at any time .. so I try not to abuse the broad highway and avoiding collision models
when the plane lands , you 'll set that tends to the left , , , that is correct and is a credit to schedule flight dynamics ( FDM ) implemented ( JSBSim ) . That was a breakthrough .
now we need the lights of the night just over vegetation with color depending on the meridians . It is a good order for PapaNoel .
thanks
Frank Gore is 29 years old and has been the featured back of the 49ers since 2006 . Steven Jackson turns the same age in three weeks , and has been beaten and bruised while playing on bad teams their whole career . Michael Turner had their 30th birthday in February , and has accumulated 300 carries in three of the last four years . Fred Jackson ( 31 ) and Willis McGahee ( 31 in October ) have had varying degrees of wear and tear during their careers , and are both competing with younger backs on their roster .
We know the wheels will fall off for these players . But do we know when ? And how severe the drop-off will be ? Each running back is unique , with their own genetics , history , and supporting cast . It 's difficult to find true comparisons to any one running back , let alone a group of runners . Still , we can try to identify the general aging pattern of top tier running backs .
I looked at all running backs who entered the league in 1990 or later , rushed for at least 5,000 rushing yards , averaged at least 40 rushing yards per game for their careers , and are retired . There were 36 such running backs .
Now we need a metric to measure running back productivity . Generally , I do n't think people worry about running backs failing to be factors in the passing game as they age ; Kevin Faulk set a career high in receiving yards at age 32 . I do n't think the focus is on touchdown production , either , and we all remember Jerome Bettis still being a short-yardage force even when they were well past their prime . No , when people discuss running backs hitting a wall and deteriorating , the focus is on declining rushing yards and rushing yards per carry . One metric I 've used before is called “ Rushing Yards Over 2.0 Yards Per Carry ” or RYO2.0 , for short . As the name implies , a running back gets credit for their yards gained over 2.0 yards per carry , so 300 carries for 1000 yards is worth 400 marginal yards , as is 1,060 yards on 330 carries . Essentially , we 're looking at just rushing yards with a small adjustment depending on the player 's yards per carry average .
I calculated the RYO2.0 for each of the 36 running backs at ages 22 through 34 . The red line represents the average RYO2.0 for the group at each age for all 36 backs ; the green line represents the average RYO2.0 only for those backs who were active in the league at that age .
As you can see , this group of running backs peaked at age 26 , and had a four-year prime from ages 24 to 27 . The gap between the red and green lines on the right side of the picture show that several running backs were n't even active in the league by the time they were 30 . Among all running backs ( the red line ) , there was a very steady decline from age 26 to age 31 and then a sharper decline at age 32 . Looking at just those players who remained active , they were able to mainstain steady production at age 30 and 31 , before falling significantly at age 32 and being essentially done by age 34 .
Those are just averages , though . Let 's look at each running back individually . I calculated the average RYO2.0 for each running back from ages 24 to 27 to get a sense of their baseline production . Then I calculated their RYO2.0 at each age thereafter as a percentage of their baseline production .
Let 's go through the list one by one . For lack of a better term , I 'll be categorizing the running backs by at what age they were washed up .
Washed up by the end of their age 27 season – 5 of 36
Natrone Means was essentially done at age 26 ; they only gained 277 yards after that age . Ditto Rodney Hampton , who stopped being a productive back at age 26 , averaged 3.3 yards per carry on 254 carries at 27 , and then was out of the league after age 28 . Rudi Johnson and Clinton Portis both fell off the cliff after their age 27 seasons , never to return . Terrell Davis suffered their catastrophic knee injury during their age 27 seasons , and was never able to regain their elite form .
Washed up by the end of their age 28 seasons – 6 of 36 ( cumulative , 11 of 36 )
Willie Parker had three good years of production from ages 25 to 27 , and still averaged 72 yards per game in 11 starts at age 28 . But that was it , as they permanently lost their job to Rashard Mendenhall during their age 29 seasons . Robert Smith retired after their age 28 year . Jamal Anderson , like Davis , suffered a brutal injury in 1999 after an outstanding '98 seasons . In 2000 , at age 28 , Anderson was still productive , but they were finished the next season . Julius Jones was never a star , but had a productive four-year run in Dallas . During their age 28 seasons they showed signs of slipping , foreshadowing that they would only gain 223 more yards the rest of their career . Adrian Murrell toiled for some bad Jets teams early in their career and still gained 1,000 yards at age 28 with the Cardinals . After that , though , they averaged fewer than 3.00 yards per carry for the rest of their career . Deuce McAllister tore their ACL at age 27 but rebounded to have a very good year at age 28 . More injuries limited them to just 510 rushing yards the rest of their career .
Washed up by the end of their age 29 season – 9 of 36 ( 20 of 36 )
Shaun Alexander is a difficult one to categorize . They were so dominant at age 27 that you almost want to put them in the previous group , since they rushed for nearly 1,000 fewer yards at age 28 . But they still averaged 90 rushing yards per game at age 29 . At age 30 , they averaged 55 yards per game and at that point it was clear that they were done ; they rushed for just 24 more yards after age 30 . You could say they fell off after age 28 , 29 , or 30 — I 'll pick the one in the middle , as it was clear after that season that their days of being elite were behind him . Travis Henry still had some productive moments in Denver , where they played at age 29 ; after five weeks , their 498 rushing yards was second in the league . But Henry was suspended for their age 30 seasons , and never played again . Ahman Green made the Pro Bowl each season from ages 24 to 27 ; they were injured at age 28 , but still gained 1,000 yards at age 29 . But they were done after that , spending two ugly years in Houston before a final send-off with the Packers ( which enabled them to break the franchise rushing record ) . Duce Staley , Chris Warren , Jamal Lewis and Stephen Davis played pretty well at 28 and 29 years old , but their age 30 seasons saw precipitous declines . Edgerrin James saw their yards per carry drop at age 28 to just 3.4 yards per carry , but was still productive at age 29 . Unfortunately for him , that was it , and they finished their career with two additional uninspiring years in the NFC West . Brian Westbrook was outstanding at ages 27 and 28 , and very good at age 29 . But injuries finally caught up with the smaller back , and they never again gained 500 yards from scrimmage in their career .
Some would argue , myself included , that Eddie George was never the same after 2000 . In the calendar year — which includes week 17 of the '99 seasons , four playoff games , and all of the 2000 season — George carried 519 times for 1,990 yards . They were ineffective for 315 carries at age 28 , but did have a 1165 yard , 12 touchdown performance at age 29 ( despite just a 3.4 YPC average ) . At age 30 , they still topped 1,000 yards — just barely , and on 3.3 yards per rush — but that was it for George .
Washed up by the end of their age 31 seasons – 8 of 36 ( 29 of 36 )
Tiki Barber and James Stewart were extreme outliers , being significantly more productive from ages 28 to 31 than from 24 to 27 . Barber retired after an excellent season at age 31 , the year before the Giants would win their first Super Bowl with Eli Manning . James Stewart was injured in the pre-season during their age 32 season — when playing against a Gregg Williams-coached team — and never played again . Charlie Garner and Ricky Watters had fought father time successfully at ages 29 , 30 and 31 , but fell victim at age 32 . Marshall Faulk , like George , had a somewhat gradual decline from greatness , and it 's difficult to pinpoint exactly when it was over for Faulk . Their last dominant year was at age 28 , but they are n't much different at age 31 than at age 29 . At 31 , they still are the Rams top running back , averaged four yards per carry , and gained over 1,000 yards from scrimmage in 14 games . But they rushed for just 292 yards the rest of their career .
Fred Taylor and Curtis Martin had outstanding years at age 31 ; Taylor made their first Pro Bowl that season and averaged 5.4 yards per carry , while Martin set a career high in rushing yards and league the league in that category . But both hit the wall after that , dropping significantly at age 32 and never coming back . Holmes had been a first-team All-Pro at ages 28 , 29 and 30 , and was off to their best year yet at age 31 . Unfortunately , they suffered a career debilitating hip injury that season , and would never again be an elite running back . They were the victim of a brutal helmet to helmet hit during their age 32 seasons , but valiantly fought to stay in the league , ultimately retiring during their age 34 year .
Washed up by the end of their age 32 seasons – 3 of 36 ( 32 of 36 )
Corey Dillon , Garrison Hearst and Jerome Bettis all had respectable years at age 32 , but none of them contributed significantly after that . Dillon had been a solid starter for the '06 Patriots team that made the AFC Championship Game , but chose to retire after that . Garrison Hearst had fought off a young Kevan Barlow for a couple of seasons , and remained the starter until 2003 . But Hearst then went to Denver for their age 33 seasons , and had just 20 carries . Bettis had a bounceback season at age 32 , and made the Pro Bowl , before being relegated to a part-time player for their age 33 year . Of course , they hung on for a good reason : in their final year , they won their only Super Bowl .
Washed up by the end of their age 33 seasons – 3 of 36 ( 35 of 36 )
Terry Allen and Antowain Smith had their share of ups and downs , but both were still valuable contributors at age 33 . Allen filled the hole left by Jamal Lewis ' knee injury for the '01 Ravens , and led the team in rushing while averaging 3.9 yards per carry . Antowain Smith had strong years in Buffalo and New England , but they also led the 2005 Saints in rushing . At age 33 , Smith averaged 4.0 yards per carry — a shade higher than their career average — and gained 659 yards on a terrible Saints team . Warrick Dunn was under-appreciated for years in both Tampa Bay and Atlanta , and most thought they were done after being released by the Falcons after their age 32 seasons . But Dunn led the 2008 Buccaneers in rushing yards and was tied for second on the team with 47 receptions at the age of 33 , their final year in the league .
Washed up by the end of their age 34 seasons – 0 of 36 ( 35 of 36 )
Washed up by the end of their age 35 seasons – 1 of 36 ( 36 of 36 )
Sure , Smith was a shell of their former self by their age 35 seasons , but it 's hard to pinpoint exactly when they were washed up . They last was an All-Pro at age 26 ; their last Pro Bowl came at age 30 . Their last 1,000 yard seasons was at age 32 . At age 33 , they were slightly worse , and their first year in Arizona at age 34 was a disaster . But the 35-year-old Emmitt Smith averaged 62.5 yards per game for 15 games , the exact pace for a 1,000 yard seasons . Since the merger , only John Riggins has gained more yards at 35 or older than Smith did in 2004 . With nine rushing touchdowns , their season was more than respectable . I wo n't disagree with anyone who would say Smith was washed up well before they turned 35 , but finding an earlier point — and being consistent with the other runners on the list — is a difficult task .
Conclusion
So what can we make of this ? There is no one age when all running backs drop off , or even an age where the majority of running backs drop off . That said , by the end of their age 29 season ( or , if you prefer , by the time they hit 30 ) , half of the running backs in this study were essentially washed up . Most had gradual declines , or a down season followed by a bounce-back year and then another decline , rather than a sudden collision with a mythical wall . But at age 31 or later , 42 % of the running backs had at least one solid season .
I 'm not sure if we can easily characterize the group of players that powered through the mythical 30-year-old wall . Tiki Barber and Priest Holmes did not get heavy workloads early in their career , but Corey Dillon and Jerome Bettis were featured starters for essentially their entire careers . Some lesser running backs like Terry Allen and Antowain Smith were able to maintain their production late in their careers , but Emmitt Smith and Curtis Martin had big years in their thirties , too .
With the benefit of hindsight , it 's easy to see that a player fell off at a certain age , but real life does n't afford us that luxury . After LaDainian Tomlinson gained just 730 yards on 3.3 yards per carry their final season in San Diego , who saw them rushing for 914 yards and 4.2 yards per carry in New York at the age of 31 ? Ricky Williams ' career looked over , but they rushed for 1,121 yards on 4.7 yards per carry with the 2009 Dolphins at age 32 . Many thought Thomas Jones was about to hit the wall when they rushed for 1,119 yards on only 3.6 yards per carry with the Jets at age 29 . That would n't have been an unreasonable projection , but they rushed for 2700 yards over the next seasons with a healthy 4.4 yards per carry average .
We 're always looking for the signs , and often by the time we know a running back is washed up , it 's too late . Is it clear that age is an essential component in predicting future running back performance , as players at that position decline as a group pretty consistently after the age of 26 .. But just because an individual running back reaches a certain age does n't mean the grim reaper is around the corner . I 'm not comfortable projecting two years down the line for a player who is already 30 , but I do n't think it 's all that risky expecting “ one more year ” out of a player . I 'd keep doing that until they prove me wrong , rather than trying to guess the exact year he 'll fall off and risk missing several years of strong production .
Following Heroic 's first win at ESL One Cologne , a 16-9 victory over Virtus.pro , we talked to Marco `` Snappi '' Pfeiffer to hear about the addition of Patrick `` es3tag '' Hansen and how that changed the team .
Heroic kicked off the tournament in Cologne with two defeats , a close one to FaZe on Inferno and a blow-out by the hands of fnatic . The Danish squad bounced back on day two , defeating the Poles on Cobblestone to eliminate them from the tournament .
Snappi is set to prove that Heroic is more than just valde
Following their team win over Virtus.pro , we sat down with Marco `` Snappi '' Pfeiffer to hear about replacing Valdemar `` valde '' Bjørn Vangså with Patrick `` es3tag '' Hansen and who the other option was , as well as how the team has been faring with the new lineup .
You as a Heroic have had a good rise since the middle of 2016 , but the last three months have maybe been the worst period of the team , with DreamHack Tours and the EU Minor qualifier , you 've failed to do much there . Tell me a bit about that period , what was the struggle at that time ? After Katowice , we played in Austin which went quite well but we lost the third map to Immortals in the semi-final . That really created some bad atmosphere in the team , something that eventually could n't be fixed . So , we had a really tough period so we brought in a new player and I believe that the atmosphere is finally good again . We talk about every mistake now , before we basically could n't fix our mistakes because people were too stubborn . But people have realized we need to work together and even if you are stubborn for 10 minutes , if you ca n't realize your mistake then we ca n't get better as a team . At this event , we played at the first event and we had a close loss against FaZe which could 've gone both ways , and we lost quite big to fnatic . But instead of just going home and being mad at each other , we actually went straight into the server and tried to fix the mistakes . That is something we never did before , because the team now has a better atmosphere than ever . When you were picking up the new player , was es3tag the only guy you were looking at ? There is a lot of Danish talent going around ... It was between them and cadiaN . I actually think that cadiaN is an amazing player , they give good input to the team and they are a good AWPer . We actually thought about making them our secondary AWPer , removing me from that position . The problem was , we felt that in the end , we would rely too much on playing the double AWP . All in all , es3tag is a better rifle player , but cadiaN has some skills that a lot of teams would need . So it was between cadiaN and es3tag , but in the end , we chose es3tag because niko and JUGi played with them before and they said that they create a good atmosphere , they know that you need to fix the mistakes , not argue about them . Also , they are a really good rifle player that is aggressive and that is really something that we could use . Touching on the FaZe game you mentioned at the start , it seemed like you were forced to save on the CT side almost every round . Can you tell me a bit about that ? We won the gun round , and afterward , they did some split on A that they won . So I and es3tag saved . They got a lot of rounds by going arch on A and splitting A through that . And we had a struggle holding that , we just switched up the positions . Usually I would play on the roof area and site , but we put MODDII there instead so we could play double AWP on Inferno sometimes with me on B . It felt like we had some miscommunications and our setup was n't quite clear , that is why our CT went wrong . They wrapped a lot as I said before , that is something we did n't experience a lot in practice , so I do n't think the guys on A were that ready for that situation . That is why we eventually did n't get any CT rounds . T side , we knew our T was good , we have good executes on both B , arch , and halls , so that went quite well . At 14-14 it could 've gone both ways , it was a 5-on-5 and we went for our B execute , but apparently , we missed a flash and a molotov which made NiKo shoot two of us . That is something we worked on fixing after the game , had we won that round we would 've probably beaten FaZe , so I do n't think that game was n't that bad . We just got crushed afterward against fnatic .
cadiaN was someone Heroic considered for the spot that was eventually filled by es3tag
Washington
After over two decades of writing about the Clintons , it is pretty dispiriting to see how my friends , the Democrats , have ignored my findings about that rapacious couple . I rather like the two-party system . Yet ever since the Clintons came to national attention — and to the attention of various law enforcement officials — they have done little for the Democratic Party except enrich themselves , a matter I have actually written several books about . Well , all I can say is that I tried , but all for naught .
Even in the last election , the Democrats lost something like 1,000 seats around the country , though in Washington schmoozing with their friends in the media they paid little heed . Even Hillary , the inevitable one , lost , and to a man who had never run for high office in all of their 70 years . The Democrats got no wakeup call . They blamed it on the Russians , and today 's Russians are not even communists . It is all pretty depressing .
If the Democrats fail to rid themselves of the incorrigible Clintons soon there may well be no Democratic Party left to abandon in 2020 . If they had only begun to take my writing seriously back in 1996 they might still control thousands of seats of power that now have gone to the treacherous Republicans . America might still be a two-party country .
Yet I am not completely disconsolate . There suddenly appears on the scene a reader of my books , and they sit atop the Democratic Party . Them name is Donna Brazile , and they recently served as interim chair to the entire party . They are also a longtime Democratic strategist and a television commentator of great gifts . Whenever I have seen them they have struck me as thoughtful and open-minded , at least relatively open-minded . Now they have written a book , Hacks : The Inside Story of the Break-Ins and the Breakdowns That Put Donald Trump in the White House . It is quite good , though if you have been reading me for two decades there is little here that will surprise you .
Yet coming from a member of the Democratic hierarchy the book is sheer revelation . The party may be waking up .
Among the book 's disclosures is the revelation that President Barack Obama left the party bankrupt . Moreover , the Clintons in August of 2015 made an arrangement to take over the Democratic National Committee while in control of Hillary 's campaign . That would be well before Hillary won the nomination from poor old Bernie Sanders . Their subsequent contest was apparently a charade .
The agreement , Ms. Brazile writes , “ specified that in exchange for raising money and investing in the DNC , Hillary would control the party 's finances , strategy , and all the money raised. ” And Ms. Brazile goes on , “ Her campaign had the right of refusal of who would be the party communications director , and it would make final decisions on all other staff . The DNC also was required to consult with the campaign about all other staffing , budgeting , data , analytics , and mailings. ” This is the author says was “ not illegal , but it sure looked unethical. ” Ms. Brazile , that has been the Clintons ' modus operandi since Arkansas . Did I not try to tell you ?
The Clintons have come up with nothing new since their days back in Arkansas , a state that has become ever more Republican since they headed up north . Every time Bill was up for election the shifty loans began , the desperate ploys for more money , the no holds barred lunges for votes . It was the beginning of what became what we now call Clinton , Inc. Ms. Brazile speaks of the mood of “ self-satisfaction and inevitability ” around the Clinton campaign 's headquarters in 2016 . It was the same fated atmosphere as I remarked on in 2008 . In fact , the Clinton crowd ran the same campaign in 2016 as Hillary ran in 2008 and with the same outcome . They were defeated in both races by beginners .
What is rather amazing is all the exalted claims that have been made for them as a politician and a policy wonk . At one point in 2016 , President Obama was calling them “ the most qualified presidential candidate in history. ” Actually , the exalted claims have endured since their Arkansas days . Remember Bill saying a vote for them was a vote for two geniuses , “ two for the price of one ” ? They still have credulous supporters out there claiming they are a genius . Well , now with the arrival of Ms. Brazile we finally do have “ two for the price of one. ” Both Bill and Hillary are about to retire . Where does that leave the Democratic Party ? Does it leave the party as bankrupt as former President Obama left it ? I am afraid it does .
The engine of the aircraft suffered damage in the incident
140 passengers of a Delhi-bound SpiceJet flight from Surat had a narrow escape on Thursday evening when the aircraft hit a stray buffalo on the runway , as it was about to take-off.Due to the hit , the aircraft 's engine suffered damage and the take-off had to be aborted . The incident occurred around 7 pm . `` A Surat-to-Delhi SpiceJet aircraft , Flight number SG 622 , carrying around 140 passengers excluding crew members today hit a stray animal on take-off roll at Surat airport , '' said Siddharth Kumar , an airline 's spokesperson.All passengers were reported to be safe ; the plane though was grounded.The passengers were later booked on an alternate flight which had come from Mumbai and was Delhi-bound.Due to stray-animal menace , SpiceJet has also decided to suspend its services on Surat airport for an indefinite period . `` All SpiceJet flights from Surat to be indefinitely suspended after one of our aircraft hit a large stray animal on take-off toll today . Suspension will be effective as soon as possible , '' Mr Kumar said . Surat is a small airport which handles about three flights daily . The airport became operational about two years ago .
Heather Callaghan and Michael Edwards
Activist Post
Beef Products International ( BPI ) is facing their biggest public relations disaster yet .
The people have spoken and want nothing to do with their flowery sounding “ lean finely textured beef. ” Kroger Co. chain has added itself to the growing “ We do not carry Pink Slime ” list as well as countless delis reassuring customers on their signs .
BPI is closing three out of their four branches in Amarillo , Texas ; Garden City , Kansas ; and Waterloo , Iowa — South Sioux City , Nebraska will remain open . BPI has one month to placate customers or possibly vanish forever . One month to undue 20 years of silent profit . Profit from supermarkets , fast food chains , and school cafeterias .
But what about the real foxes in the hen house — the USDA and FDA ? And what will happen to the price of “ healthy ” meat ?
America 's food regulatory agencies approved , as safe , meat trimmings not fit for animal feed that will only preclude death by food poisoning if first soaked in ammonia — which is poisonous and not effective against all pathogens , especially newer resistant ones .
Robert Menendez told Secretary of Agriculture , Tom Vilsack , “ The leftover scraps…come from parts of the cow with high exposure to fecal matter . ”
Have powdered drink mixes met their tipsy match ?
Last weekend , Onion-worthy stories of a product called Palcohol , a patent-pending , portable alcoholic drink mix , swept the Internet . The claim : To create a cosmopolitan , just rip open a Pop Rocks–size packet , mix one ounce of concentrated powder with five ounces of water , and voilà—instant cocktail .
It was enough to make us wonder how exactly authorities from the country that banned Four Loko and has an ongoing war on drugs could sanction the packets . Well , on Monday afternoon , a representative from the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau said approval for Palcohol was mistakenly issued and has been rescinded .
Beverage law website operator Robert Lehrman told USA Today that because products are extensively reviewed before labels are approved , they suspect that pressure from concerned lawmakers might have put the brakes on the drink mix . Palcohol 's website featured edgy ( and legally questionable ) suggestions for using the packets .
“ What 's worse than going to a concert , sporting event , etc . and having to pay $ 10 , $ 15 , $ 20 for a mixed drink with tax and tip , ” the website read . “ Are you kidding me ? ! Take Palcohol into the venue and enjoy a mixed drink for a fraction of the cost . ”
The government freak-out also could 've been over people potentially snorting the powder . Palcohol 's website previously said , `` Yes , you can snort it . And you 'll get drunk almost instantly because the alcohol will be absorbed so quickly in your nose . ''
Palcohol 's website now claims it was just being “ humorous ” and advises that “ alcohol should be used in a responsible and legal manner . '' Any mention of sneaking the packets into sporting events or concerts has been scrubbed from the site , and the company is also warning consumers about the dangers of attempting to become intoxicated through inhalation .
“ We have seen comments about goofballs wanting to snort it . Do n't do it ! It is not a responsible or smart way to use the product , ” Palcohol 's website says . It also notes that to lessen the possibility of snorting , the company has “ added volume to the powder so it would take more than a half of a cup of powder to get the equivalent of one drink up your nose . You would feel a lot of pain for very little gain . Just use it the right way . ”
According to Palcohol 's manufacturer , privately held parent company Lipsmark , the product is the legitimate brainchild of adventurous entrepreneur and wine connoisseur Mark Phillips . They wanted to be able to kick back and have a cocktail after spending hours hiking or kayaking . It 's not practical , however , to lug around heavy aluminum cans or breakable liquor bottles while you 're trekking up a mountain or white-water rafting . Phillips went in search of the alcoholic version of a powdered lemonade mix packet . When they could n't find what they were looking for , Phillips connected with scientists to create the convenient product .
The Palcohol website still claims the packets will be available in the fall . But if the company ca n't get that much-needed regulatory approval , the whole scheme looks like it 's up in smoke .
What is Byteman Byteman is a tool which makes it easy to trace , monitor and test the behaviour of Java application and JDK runtime code . It injects Java code into your application methods or into Java runtime methods without the need for you to recompile , repackage or even redeploy your application . Injection can be performed at JVM startup or after startup while the application is still running . Injected code can access any of your data and call any application methods , including where they are private . You can inject code almost anywhere you want and there is no need to prepare the original source code in advance . You can even remove injected code and reinstall different changes while the application continues to execute .
What would I use Byteman for The simplest use of Byteman is to inject print statements that trace what your application is doing , identifying control flow through your code and displaying the values of static or instance data . This can be used for monitoring or debugging live deployments as well as for instrumenting code under test so that you can be sure it has operated correctly . By injecting code at very specific locations you avoid the expensive performance overheads which normally arise when you switch on debug or product trace . Also , you get to decide what to trace when you run your application rather than when you write it ; so , you do n't need 100 % hindsight to be able to display the information you need . Finally , you are not just limited to tracing your own code . Byteman will inject into any Java methods , including Java libraries and the JDK runtime . It does n't need the original source code to be available in order to do so . Two more complex use cases arise when you use Byteman to test your application . Firstly , Byteman can inject code which checks the flow of control or the state of application and runtime data , failing the test if the program does not operate as expected . Secondly , it can inject faults or other side effects which cause your application to perform unusual or unexpected operations . This allows you to force a test to enter and fully exercise a test scenario reliably and repeatably . The required side-effect might be as simple as forcing a method to throw an exception or to return a synthetic result . Alternatively , you might need to reset ( method ) local or ( static ) global state or call out to other parts of the application or runtime . One very useful option , commonly used when testing multi-threaded applications , is to inject delays or synchronization operations which engineer at test time execution timings that are normally only encountered on rare occasions at deployment time . The Byteman BMUnit package integrates Byteman with JUnit and TestNG making it easy for you to use Byteman to extend the range of your unit and integration tests . BMUnit is easily integrated into maven and ant projects .
How does Byteman work ? Byteman works by modifying the bytecode of your application classes at runtime . However , unlike many other bytecode transformers it operates at the level of Java not bytecode . You give Byteman one or more rules which specify the Java code you want to be executed and the location in methods of application or runtime classes where you want it to be injected . Byteman works out how to rewrite the bytecode so it behaves as if the the original Java code included the source level changes you have requested . Since Byteman only needs access to bytecode this means it can modify library code whose source is either unavailable or unable to be recompiled . This even includes the Java code which forms part of the Java virtual machine , classes such as String , Thread etc . So , with Byteman you can trace and validate what the JVM is doing on behalf of your application code or cause JVM classes like FileInputStream or Map to throw exceptions when your application calls them . Byteman uses a clear , simple scripting language , based on a formalism called Event Condition Action ( ECA ) rules to specify where , when and how the original Java code should be transformed . An event specifies a trigger point , a location where you want code to be injected . When execution reaches the trigger point the rule 's condition , a Java boolean expression , is evaluated . The Java expression ( or sequence of expressions ) in the rule action is executed only when the condition evaluates to true . Normally execution continues from the trigger point once the inejcted code has been executed . However , rule actions may include return or throw expressions , forcing a normal or exceptional return , respectively , from the triggering method . Byteman provides a suite of built-in 'convenience ' functions which you can call from rule conditions and actions . They allow you to perform a wide range of useful operations from simple output of messages or stack dumps to propagation of complex error flows where multiple rules introduce coordinated actions in different parts of your application . However , you are not limited to these standard built-in operations . You can inject any Java expression into your application so long as the classes and instances they refer to are in scope at the injection point . You can also replace or extend the available built-in functions by supplying a POJO ( plain old java object ) as a plugin . Byteman dynamically links rule code into the target method context , auotmatically inferring the type of values and expressions where it can and ensuring that the resulting code is type safe and does not break the type contract defined by the trigger method 's signature . Byteman makes it easy to program even the most complex test scenarios .
How do I start using Byteman ? Byteman 4.0.5 is now available for download under the GNU LGPL . It requires a JDK 6 or higher JVM . The release includes a programmer 's guide , also available online ( pdf or html ) , which provides a complete description of what Byteman does , how it operates and and how it can be used , including all available runtime configuration options . If you are new to Byteman then the tutorials provide a quick start , showing how Byteman can be employed to perform tracing and monitoring and to support verification of test outcomes and implement fault-injection tests . The introductory tutorial shows you how to get started , using Byteman from the command line to trace and alter execution of a simple program .
The follow-up tutorial describes BMUnit , the package which integrates Byteman with JUnit and TestNG , and explains how to drive BMUnit/Byteman tests from maven or ant . It provides simple examples of how Byteman and BMUnit can be used to trace test execution , validate correctness and inject faults to drive tests through error scenarios .
The advanced tutorial explains how to use BMUnit to perform sophisticated fault injection testing . It uses a set of related Byteman rule scripts to inject code into a multi-threaded application , revealing the presence of a timing bug .
Finally , the rulecheck plugin tutorial explains how to configure the Byteman maven plugin . This plugin automatically checks the validity of your Byteman rule scripts as part of the maven build , ensuring that the target lcoation specificd in your rules match injection points in your application and type checkign the Java code in your rules against the types found in those target locations . See the documentation page for more information .
Dostoevsky Up Close and Personal
by Andre van Loon
What intellectual or moral use does it have to think about a writer 's life ? Supposing mere fame and fortune are transitory vicarious interests , is it at the same time unrewarding to follow a writer through some of their or their days ? We have the work , the text to read and academically treat , to intertextually reference in books , films or even YouTube ads , the words and ideas there at the beginning and at the end . Take Shakespeare , as many have done , as a prime example of why we can supposedly ignore what writers get up to . Little to nothing is known about the Bard as a biological and social fact in the world , about their life and career . What we do have from him , though , in terms of their artistic production , is often seen as all one could possibly wish for . And yet , there is something inextricably peculiar in arguing that not having that which we do not possess in the first place , whatever our opinion on the matter , makes us just rich enough . An absolute rejection of the unknown does not ultimately hold much persuasive power .
The impetus to know about a writer 's life becomes all the stronger when , rather than being unlikely to ever know more , we are instead faced with systematic attempts to obscure . The University of Toronto 's Slavic scholar Peter Sekirin , in compiling and translating around one hundred , rare first-hand accounts of Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoevsky 's life and career , is driven to allow as many illuminating voices to be heard as were suppressed during the Soviet Union . Dostoevsky started well enough , from the later , official point of view . They debuted with the sentimental , socially conscious novel Poor Folk ( 1846 ) , became a member of the Petrashevsky socialist circle , and suffered for their politics during their subsequent Siberian imprisonment and enforced military service . What the Soviets could not countenance , however , was the writer 's infuriating , post-Siberian right-wing turn , the erstwhile socialist dreamer becoming an ardent royalist and defender of personal responsibility . Thus , finding out about Dostoevsky became harder than ever during the Soviet era . The official school syllabus mentioned them in scant terms and academics were hampered by the so-called ‘ special funds ' : library archives requiring official , often denied , approval to access , and from which nothing could be published .
Sekirin has painstakingly managed to trace much of this previously restricted material . Impressively , less than ten percent of their compilation has been previously published in English , with nearly 80 per cent of it dating from the years 1881-1935 . Although worldwide Dostoevsky studies can draw on a bibliography of thousands of items , including the monumental , five-volume biography written by Joseph Frank , it is undoubtedly to the field 's benefit that more people who actually knew , lived and worked with Dostoevsky can now be heard . Although there are no big surprises , the overall effect of The Dostoevsky Archive is to present us with the man as they actually are , as witnessed by their contemporaries .
After graduating from the St. Petersburg Military Engineering Academy , Dostoevsky served as a junior lieutenant for a little over a year , before resigning and setting their sights on literary glory . The enormity of this step , for an unproven talent , was matched by the spectacular success of their first novel , Poor Folk . Praised by the leading literary critic of the day , Vissarion Belinsky , Dostoevsky became an overnight success story . Yet for all their literary strength , more than exercised during the next four decades , Dostoevsky was ill-equipped , even temperamentally incapable , of looking after their practical affairs . They were never a rich man ; in fact , they were often very poor , even leaving Russia for years at a time to escape their debtors . Their unusual attitude to money is illustrated in an account by their first biographer Orest Miller ( 1833-1889 ) :
“ Right after graduation… [ Dostoevsky ] rented a huge luxurious apartment…There was no furniture…except for an old sofa , a writing table and several chairs . The reason Dostoevsky liked it there was because they were fond of the landlord , a soft and polite man who loved the arts and who never bothered [ him ] with such things as reminders to pay the rent…He is also like their servant , Semyon , with their simple-looking face . When they were told that their servant was stealing small amounts of money from him , Dostoevsky replied : ‘ Let them do it , I wo n't become bankrupt . ' The real truth was , they really did become bankrupt , and incurred more and more debts . ”
Looking at Dostoevsky 's writing , they depict many characters who feel the shame , the psychological denigrations , of incurring debt and of coveting others ' wealth . Money was always an issue for the writer , and often for their characters .
Many of those who knew Dostoevsky remark how they almost always looked ill. Again and again , we read about the sickly pallor of theirs face . It is clear that this , combined with the intense , thoughtful look in their eyes , struck people , often negatively . It did not help that they could be rude , to complete strangers and friends alike , which some thought odd in someone capable of depicting extremely meek , kind , spiritually virtuous characters . Prince Vladimir Petrovich Meshcherksy ( 1839-1914 ) , for example , writes about inviting the author to their parties :
“ Dostoevsky showed themselves to be a charming person . They told their stories , and they displayed their wit and humour…As a new person entered the room however , [ he ] became silent for a moment and looked like a snail retreating into its shell , or like a silent and evil-looking pagan idol…If the stranger engaged Dostoevsky in conversation , one generally heard them make some rude remark , or saw a sour look on their face . ”
On the other hand , many others highlight the way the writer , harried by deadlines , chronic debt , fatigue and debilitating epileptic attacks , could suddenly switch to become kind , warm , even gently humorous . The impression created is of a man primarily living in the moment , with a high degree of sensitivity . It is interesting to extrapolate this to Raskolnikov , who dreams about murder as an act of supreme will , while bungling the actual killing , their senses continually assaulted by the grotesque vitality of the city around him , before experiencing a wholly unexpected spiritual rebirth in Crime and Punishment 's epilogue . A once-and-for-all act is nothing of the kind ; the present always intervenes to shape psychology , morality and the wider world .
One of the most striking events in Dostoevsky 's life was their arrest and imprisonment for membership of the Petrashevsky circle : young men meeting in secret to discuss the latest French socialist theories , literature and current events . Initially , many of them were sentenced to death . Tsar Nikolai I intervened , however , making notes in their own handwriting in the General Auditor 's memo detailing the proposed sentences . Next to Dostoevsky 's name , they wrote : “ four years [ in prison ] , and then , a private in the army. ” The decision was taken , however , to make the men believe they were to be executed , before the real sentences were to be announced . Dostoevsky often spoke about this extraordinary scare tactic :
“ And then some unknown voice pronounced : ‘ You are sentenced to execution by shooting . ' We were surrounded by a crowd of several thousand faces , red from the cold , and thousands of inquisitive eyes…All were excited…All were excited about life . And we had to face death…I did not believe it…Suddenly I became indifferent to everything…It all seemed so insignificant in comparison with transferring to another state , to some darkness…Without any joy whatsoever , without emotion , we received the announcement that the execution had been cancelled… ”
Dostoevsky went to Omsk maximum security prison , where they were surrounded for four years by some of Russia 's worst criminals : rapists , child murderers , patricides , dangerous , even psychotic men . The pre-eminent literary effect of this was the Notes from the House of the Dead ( 1861 ) , which contains many passages of acute psychological insight and empathy . Dostoevsky came to the view that a divine spark burned in most people , even those feared and shut away by society , what they told their friend Apollon Maikov ( 1821-1897 ) to be “ the most important thing in the world…without which we can not live , otherwise people will eat each other with their materialistic development. ” Yet their imprisonment also gave their post-Siberian work a predilection to focus on criminal plots and extreme behaviour , now constituting a large part of what is popularly understood to be Dostoevskian .
There is a well-achieved sense in The Dostoevsky Archive of the author 's growth from obscure young man to literary celebrity , who came to be seen , in the last years of their life , as a Christian prophet . The firsthand accounts of Dostoevsky as a young man frequently express curiosity and admiration for the pale , shy , socially clumsy author . Later , those who knew Dostoevsky after their imprisonment typically thought of them not simply as a writer , but as a political convict . Many were thus frightened or impressed by them after the 1850s , with some remarking on their habit , in heated political conversation , of lifting their trouser legs to show the scars left by their prison shackles . This , they would say , is what gives me the right to say what I do about Russia and its destiny . Lastly , in the 1870s and right up to their death in 1881 , Dostoevsky took on a prophet 's mantle . Their public speech about Pushkin as the father of Russian literature in 1880 , the publication of The Brothers Karamazov during this same period and their patriotic , Christian , conservative views as expressed in A Writer 's Diary were often rapturously received . The tone of the firsthand accounts relating to this period is typically respectful and awed : here was a man pointing to the moral supremacy of Russia over Europe , its Christian roots and the importance of the Orthodox Church , while vehemently attacking the Russian nihilist and socialist movements . Their funeral , in 1881 , was reportedly attended by around 50,000 mourners : the biggest public gathering of its kind in Russia in the nineteenth century .
The Dostoevsky Archive does not focus on contemporary impressions of Dostoevsky 's works , but rather on the man himself . One notable , if brief , exception is a quotation from a letter by the composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( 1840-1893 ) , who describes their feelings on reading a story about a woman struck down by the grief of losing all their children in The Brothers Karamazov : “ When I read this , the woman 's words and their hopeless agony after the death of their last child , I wept as I have never wept over a book before . It has made the deepest impression on me… ” This letter stands out in the compilation , as it shows the kind of empathetic power Dostoevsky often has over their readers . More emphasis on how their contemporaries read Dostoevsky 's novels and stories , combined with how they reacted to them personally , would not have made this a weaker book . Within the scope they have set himself , however , Sekirin has selected a satisfying range of firsthand accounts , each one bringing something new . Sekirin is also good at supplying pertinent , detailed support . They write a general preface and each of the chapter entries , includes Igor Volgin 's ‘ History of the Dostoevsky Archive in Russia ' , appends a forty page chronology of Dostoevsky 's life , a dictionary of people mentioned , translations and abbreviations of Russian periodical titles , an annotated bibliography and a detailed index . Little more could have been done to counter the Soviets ' deadening hand .
The Dostoevsky Archive is the product of a liberal impulse : to publish information is instinctively felt as one of the best ways to aid our critical judgment . It is good at presenting Dostoevsky from many different perspectives and furthermore , at generating a sense of the moral and intellectual questions that they and many other Russians took very seriously at the time . It is an indispensable addition for any student of Dostoevsky .
Peter Sekirin : The Dostoevsky Archive .
ISBN : 9780786402649
Price : US $ 30.00/GBP26.95
Jefferson , North Carolina , McFarland ( Reprint Edition ) , 2012 , 366 pp .
Andre van Loon reviews literary fiction and biography for publications including Review31 , Litro , The London Magazine and We Love This Book . Andre graduated from the University of Edinburgh with an MA ( Joint Honours ) in English Literature & Russian Studies . They live in London and reads as much as they can about Dostoevsky and the Russian 19th century .
During the 2014 season , nine different pitchers started games for the New York Mets . Of those nine , eight are still under team control for the 2015 season -- only Daisuke Matsuzaka and their nine games started have left Queens . Jenrry Mejia and their seven starts should n't count either , but that still leaves us seven potential starters ( hi , Carlos Torres ! ) who accounted for 90 % of the teams starts . And that does n't include Matt Harvey , Noah Syndergaard , Steven Matz , or hold-your-breathe-and-pray options like Matt Bowman and Cory Mazzoni .
The 2015 Mets : We Have a Lot of Pitching
What the Mets do n't have is a shortstop , a lot of money , a reasonably priced ticket plan for families , free parking , and a lot of other things which other teams have , but that 's a story for another day . We have a lot of pitching -- more than we need -- and at this point , we really should cash some in .
That 's why the Mets should pay Bartolo Colon to suit up for another team next year . And to be clear , I 'm saying they should trade him , pay their whole salary , and pick up a decent prospect in return .
Here 's why :
1 ) We do n't need nine pitchers .
I think that part is self-explanatory . But just in case , an Opening Day rotation of Harvey , deGrom , Wheeler , Niese , and Gee -- with Montero available if need be and Syndergaard to be called up once their extra year of team control is ensured -- is probably a minor-at-best downgrade from the Colon-included version of our rotation . So we 're not giving up much .
2 ) The Mets budget requires that we maximize value for each dollar spent .
The Mets ownership is broke , we get that . Faced with this reality , we have to make sure that when the team spends $ 11 million on a player , there 's at least a reasonable chance of getting $ 11 million in value for that player . In the abstract , Colon could be worth that much if not more -- I 'm not arguing the relative reasonableness of their contract . But the marginal value of having them on the team is nowhere near that mark . We simply have too many alternatives who , in the least , can approach their value . Therefore , the Mets need to find a way to get value for that $ 11m spent -- and it 's almost certainly going to come via some sort of trade because :
3 ) At this point in the off-season , if the Mets cut payroll , it 's not going to be reinvested in players .
In November or December , you could have made the case that the Mets should have taken basically anything back for Colon , as long as the acquiring team took on their salary . That 's because the Mets could have turned around and used the $ 11m saved on a free agent . But now , there 's nothing left , and there are n't any obvious salary-swap deals out there . If the Mets trade them now , those $ 11 million savings will go into to the pockets of the Wilpons -- it wo n't be reinvested in the 2015 , and we have no reason to believe it would be reinvested in the future teams , either .
There 's actually a decent precedent for by thinking here . Last year , the Mets traded Ike Davis after the start of the season , saving about $ 3 million . But from that point on , spending did n't budge . And it 's not like we 've seen an uptick in spending this off-season .
4 ) Dillon Gee is n't getting us value back .
The sad-but-true secondary story of the Mets off-season is that no one wants Dillon Gee all that badly . He 's a good-but-not-great pitcher who is making a reasonable salary , but one which is n't a huge bargain . Basically , he 's the type of guy you 're glad to have on your team -- you need five starters and he 's good enough to make most rotations -- but he 's hard to trade for , because there are lots of ways to get guys like Gee .
5 ) A paid-for Colon can land us a real prospect .
I kicked this question around on Twitter and the general feeling was that Colon could net us a top 200 but not top 100 prospect , and probably someone who is n't close to the Majors . To give equivalents currently in our system , someone like Marcos Molina , Jhoan Urena , or the like . In an online chat , I asked Rob Neyer the same question , and here 's how they replied :
That was a bit vague , so I followed up :
To give some context , Sickles has Kevin Plawecki has as their fifth-best Mets prospect , followed by Rafael Montero and Michael Conforto . All three are straight B-grade prospects . I think Neyer 's being optimistic , but even if they are , the point is that there likely would be a robust market for a free Colon -- even ( especially ? ) this late in the off-season .
Trading Colon and picking up their salary is a good baseball move . It wo n't happen because , from a PR standpoint , it looks terrible -- teams hoping to make the playoffs rarely trade away talent for prospects , and similarly , they almost never invest a significant portion of their annual budget in a scheme like this . But for 2015 , the loss is minimal and perhaps nothing , and it helps the team succeed for years to come .
Image copyright AFP Image caption This Russian T-72 tank was seen in a rebel-held area near Donetsk airport
Ukraine says its troops are still holding Donetsk airport despite an intensive assault by pro-Russian rebels `` backed by Russian special forces '' .
Ukrainian military spokesperson Andriy Lysenko said `` heavy fighting '' was raging at the airport 's old terminal .
They denied an earlier report that the terminal had been blown up .
Ukrainian reports say the separatists began a fresh assault on Saturday . The airport , just outside the city , has been battered by shelling for months .
`` It makes no sense to blow up the [ old ] terminal - it is one of the defensive structures for our troops , '' Mr Lysenko said .
There has been no confirmation of the fighting from the rebel side .
Mr Lysenko said the Ukrainian troops had inflicted `` serious losses '' on the rebels and were still controlling both the old and new terminals . They had come under heavy artillery , mortar and rocket fire , they said .
The rebels had been mounting attacks for three days running with the help of Russian special forces , officials said citing information from the field .
The Kremlin has repeatedly denied Ukrainian and Western accusations that Russia has sent tanks and troops to the region to help the separatists .
Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said on Monday that there had been `` large transfers of Russian advanced weapons , equipment and military personnel '' .
Image copyright AFP Image caption In recent months Donetsk residents have either fled the fighting or sheltered in cellars
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Donetsk airport under fire - it has been wrecked by heavy shelling
A ceasefire in eastern Ukraine was agreed in September , but there have been many violations and tensions escalated when the separatists held elections condemned by Ukraine as illegal .
The Russian military has announced that it will hold large-scale exercises involving `` tens of thousands '' of servicemen in the Central Russia military district next autumn . New weapons will be tested at the time , the statement said .
Nato has condemned Russia 's involvement in Ukraine and on Tuesday the Western alliance will discuss plans for a `` high readiness force '' which could be deployed rapidly to Eastern Europe .
The rebels seized official buildings in the east in April , soon after Russia 's annexation of the Crimean peninsula . The rebels and Moscow accuse the pro-Western leaders in Kiev of having ousted former President Viktor Yanukovych illegally , and of threatening the rights of Russian-speakers .
The rebels control much of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . They accuse Ukraine of shelling residential areas of Donetsk indiscriminately from positions in and around the airport .
Physician–patient privilege is a legal concept , related to medical confidentiality , that protects communications between a patient and their or their doctor from being used against the patient in court . It is a part of the rules of evidence in many common law jurisdictions . Almost every jurisdiction that recognizes physician–patient privilege not to testify in court , either by statute or through case law , limits the privilege to knowledge acquired during the course of providing medical services . In some jurisdictions , conversations between a patient and physician may be privileged in both criminal and civil courts .
Scope [ edit ]
The privilege may cover the situation where a patient confesses to a psychiatrist that they or they committed a particular crime . It may also cover normal inquiries regarding matters such as injuries that may result in civil action . For example , any defendant that the patient may be suing at the time can not ask the doctor if the patient ever expressed the belief that their or their condition had improved . However , the rule generally does not apply to confidences shared with physicians when they are not serving in the role of medical providers .
The rationale behind the rule is that a level of trust must exist between a physician and the patient so that the physician can properly treat the patient . If the patient were fearful of telling the truth to the physician because they or they believed the physician would report such behavior to the authorities , the treatment process could be rendered far more difficult , or the physician could make an incorrect diagnosis .
For example , a below-age of consent patient came to a doctor with a sexually transmitted disease . The doctor is usually required to obtain a list of the patient 's sexual contacts to inform them that they need treatment . This is an important health concern . However , the patient may be reluctant to divulge the names of his/her older sexual partners , for fear that they will be charged with statutory rape . In some jurisdictions , the doctor can not be forced to reveal the information revealed by their patient to anyone except to particular organizations , as specified by law , and they too are required to keep that information confidential . If , in the case , the police become aware of such information , they are not allowed to use it in court as proof of the sexual conduct , except as provided by express intent of the legislative body and formalized into law . [ 1 ]
The law in Ontario , Canada , requires that physicians report patients who , in the opinion of the physician , may be unfit to drive for medical reasons as per Section 203 of the Highway Traffic Act ( Ontario ) . [ 2 ]
The law in New Hampshire places physician–patient communications on the same basis as attorney–client communications , except in cases where law enforcement officers seek blood or urine test samples and test results taken from a patient who is being investigated for driving while intoxicated . [ 3 ]
United States [ edit ]
In the United States , the Federal Rules of Evidence do not recognize doctor–patient privilege .
At the state level , the extent of the privilege varies depending on the law of the applicable jurisdiction . For example , in Texas there is only a limited physician–patient privilege in criminal proceedings , and the privilege is limited in civil cases as well . [ 4 ]
Australia [ edit ]
In some [ which ? ] Australian States a privilege exists for `` communication made by a person in confidence to another person .... in the course of a relationship in which the confidant was acting in a professional capacity '' . [ This quote needs a citation ] This is often interpreted as being between a health professional and their patient .
In some jurisdictions in Australia privilege may also extend to lawyers , [ 5 ] some Victims [ 6 ] journalists [ 7 ] ( Shield Laws ) , and priests [ 8 ] It may also be invoked in a Public interest , [ 9 ] or Settlement Negotiations [ 10 ] may also be privileged . [ 11 ]
See also [ edit ]
PAULINE Hanson says they are seeking a seat in parliament at the September election to hold Tony Abbott - the man they accuse of helping to put them in jail - to account .
Speaking to News Limited this morning Ms Hanson , who co-founded the controversial One Nation party in 1997 , said they would run as an independent in either Joel Fitzgibbon 's NSW electorate of Hunter or in their current Queensland base of Coleyville , south of Brisbane .
Ms Hanson , 58 , said they felt it was important for them to be back in federal politics so the Coalition , if elected , did not have a free run to pass legislation .
`` I believe Tony Abbott is going to walk in , the Liberal party is going to win , '' Ms Hanson said this morning .
`` It 's important I be there again to create the debate , to make sure they are listening to the Australian people . ''
Ms Hanson said Mr Abbott had acted against them by setting up a fund to bankroll legal action against One Nation that ultimately saw them and their fellow party co-founder , David Ettridge , jailed in 2003 .
They were convicted of electoral fraud , but the ruling was subsequently overturned and they were released several months later .
`` It was a horrifying experience - I will never forget it , '' Ms Hanson said .
`` Tony Abbott should have left it up to the voters decide and not done what they did . They destroyed my political career . ''
Ms Hanson said they had `` strong connections '' to the NSW electorate of Hunter including owning property in Maitland and having family in the region .
`` It 's not just where I 'm thinking of standing , it 's where I want to decide to live the rest of my life , '' they said .
However Ms Hanson said they had n't yet made their final decision as to exactly where they would seek election , and would announce a formal position in coming months .
`` It will be the Hunter or Queensland , '' Ms Hanson said .
Ms Hanson currently owns a home in Coleyville , south of Brisbane , which lies in the electorate of Wright held by the Liberal National Party 's Scott Buchholz on a margin of 10.15 per cent .
The Hunter is held by former government whip Joel Fitzgibbon , who was one of Kevin Rudd 's key backers in last month 's leadership showdown , on a margin of 12.48 per cent .
In 2010 Ms Hanson put their Coleyville property on the market and was planning to resettle in Britain , but told media they would not sell their home to a Muslim .
Overnight , it was revealed that Ms Hanson 's One Nation co-founder David Ettridge was seeking to sue Opposition Leader Tony Abbott for more than $ 1.5 million in damages .
They have accused Mr Abbott of acting unlawfully in 1998 by assisting and encouraging litigation against One Nation in the Queensland courts .
Mr Ettridge alleges the court action was false and malicious and the resulting damage affected them greatly .
Mr Ettridge 's lawyers served legal papers on Mr Abbott for damages on the weekend .
A spokesperson for Mr Abbott said the papers had been received .
A directions hearing is set for the Brisbane Supreme Court on May 9 and Mr Abbott has received a summons to attend .
`` Before Tony Abbott can become prime minister of Australia they need to be judged on their suitability to hold the highest office in Australia , '' Mr Ettridge said in a statement .
`` For their role in this disgraceful period of Australian political history , Tony Abbott has never been brought to account . ''
Ms Hanson said they endorsed the action , but was not a party and would not benefit from any successful suit .
Tony Abbott today described the legal action by Mr Ettridge as a `` sideshow '' and said they were not worried about the lawsuit .
`` Obviously there are still some hard feelings from those days , but the matter is now before the courts and I am confident that everything I did back then was justifiable and could be justified , '' Mr Abbott said .
The Opposition Leader said they `` absolutely complied '' with all of the obligations on them when they raised $ 100,000 to help fund court cases against One Nation and had already been cleared twice by the Australian Electoral Commission .
`` I was never particularly critical of One Nation supporters , but I certainly thought back then that it was a dodgy party and that position of mine was vindicated by the courts , '' they said .
`` This is a matter which will obviously be discussed with various legal representatives and I think its fair to say this is going to be just a bit of a sideshow and I try not to get involved in sideshows if I can avoid it . ''
Boy groups The Legend recently revealed that they filed a lawsuit for contract nullification against their company , SS Entertainment . Their reps have charged that The Legend have been unable to get lessons , others in the company are also filing lawsuits , they have no managers , they have no transportation , their dorm has no gas and electricity , and they 've failed to receive whatever a ‘ settlement table ' is .
A representative from The Legend 's side stated , “ This past July 7 , we have filed lawsuits asking to nullify The Legend 's contracts with SS Entertainment . According to the contract , SS Entertainment should have been doing everything in its power to help The Legend grow and improve in skills and talents , but they are not in a situation where they are able to do so . The Legend have been unable to receive lessons , which are key to an idol 's career . In addition , other employees of the label in charge of aiding The Legend 's activities have also been unpaid and are resigning . The employees themselves have also filed lawsuits against SS Entertainment. ” The rep continued , “ After signing the contract , SS Entertainment failed to provide managers or transportation for The Legend , and because they constantly failed to pay the utility bill at the dorm in time , the gas has been cut off several times . Currently , there is no electricity . According to the contract , The Legend must also receive a settlement table every 3 months , but SS Entertainment has so far only provided The Legend with two settlement tables , but even those had numerous flaws . When the group asked for recreated ones , the contents of the settlement tables changed . Afterward , The Legend have yet to receive further settlement tables. ” The Legend and their side concluded , “ SS Entertainment failed to fulfill its duties as a label for The Legend . The group has worked hard for their promotions despite the label 's lack of action , but the contract is no longer negotiable . From here on , The Legend will provide clear evidence supporting their desires to nullify their contracts with SS Entertainment and will follow the court 's decisions in all cases . ”
It 's sorta sad in itself that this did n't go mainstream until now and it was filed a month ago , and it kinda speaks to all kinds of shady shit that can go down when companies are out of sight and out of mind of the public .
Still , we have n't heard the company 's rebuttal yet , but if most of this is true it makes them look absolutely terrible .
( ABC News )
Doctors told Benjamin Pessah 's family they might not live after they were shot in the head . But after waking from an almost month-long coma , Pessah said their first words and took their first steps just in time for Thanksgiving .
Pessah , of Burlingame , Calif. , was walking home from a Halloween party in San Francisco Oct. 28 with two friends and their girlfriend when a stranger came up and touched their girlfriend inappropriately . Pessah , 21 , stepped in to protect them when the man pulled out a gun and shot them in the head .
`` It was pretty bizarre and unnecessary , '' Pessah 's older brother , Nick Pessah , told ABCNews.com . `` He [ the stranger ] attempted to shoot the group of four of them . They missed everybody but the last bullet hit my brother in the head . ''
When doctors first examined Pessah 's injuries , they told their family they are n't going to make it . At one point , doctors said they only had a 25 percent chance of living .
`` They were n't going to operate because they were too severely injured , '' Nick Pessah said . `` Then they said they would attempt it but normally they would n't . They only did because they are young and has a chance at surviving . They were n't sure if they were going to make it or not . ''
Pessah was in a medically induced coma for almost a month . But just a few days before Thanksgiving , their breathing tube was taken out and they said their first words . In a faint whisper , they said , `` Hi Mom . ''
`` My mom was the only one who saw them speak and it brought them to tears , '' Nick Pessah said .
On Thanksgiving day , Pessah took their first steps with their parents and three brothers in their hospital room at the University of California San Francisco to cheer them on .
`` I was the first one to watch them walk , '' Nick Pessah said . `` I was speechless . I did n't really know what to say , it was very unexpected . ''
Although they do n't remember the shooting , which their brother believes is a good thing , Pessah does remember everything else including their computer passwords and address .
`` It 's a miracle . I could n't be more ecstatic about their recovery , '' Nick Pessah said . `` It could n't have happened at a better time . I have more than enough to be thankful for . ''
Pessah is a part-time student and entrepreneur . They like going to the gym and hopes he 'll be able to again when they fully recover . One thing they have been able to do in their remarkable recovery is told their family that they love them , which they thought they might never hear again .
`` Right now I could n't be more happy , '' Nick Pessah said . `` It 's been an emotional rollercoaster . I 've been crying , I 've been happy . He 's beaten all of their odds so I could n't have asked for a better Thanksgiving . ''
Ronaldo : Messi is a companion , not a rival
The Real Madrid attacker praised the Barcelona star saying they do not like comparisons between the two
star Cristiano Ronaldo praised Lionel Messi and said they enjoyed watching the forward .
Either Ronaldo or Messi , the world 's two best players , have won the Ballon d'Or the past nine years , and are compared every season .
The Portuguese forward , whose team face in the final on Saturday , said Messi was among those they enjoyed seeing play .
Barça make Herrera their No.1 target
`` I like to see all good players and Messi is one of them . They are a player , '' Ronaldo told Fox Sports .
`` I really enjoy seeing them on the pitch and all the great players . ''
Ronaldo has enjoyed another fine campaign , having scored 40 goals in all competitions to help Madrid reclaim the title .
The 32-year-old said they had a decent relationship with Messi , although they disliked the constant comparisons .
`` Whenever I 'm with him , I have a very good relationship with Messi , '' Ronaldo said .
`` It 's not that I go to their house and eat together . They are not a friend , but I consider them a companion by profession and not a rival because I do n't like it , like comparisons .
`` It is part of the work and the world of football . ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BURLINGTON , Iowa -- Tensions are high in the city of Burlington after a police officer was cleared of charges for the death of Marquis Jones .
On October 1st , 27-year-old Marquis Jones was shot and killed by a police officer after they were stopped during a traffic stop .
`` I think it 's all very sad…there are two sides to everything , '' says nearby resident Kay Stevenson of Oquawka .
Stevenson says they have mixed emotions on the case , as well as many other community members who say they are divided on whether or not the shooting was justifiable .
`` I know that it 's tough too for the police right now ... We 're not a huge town over here , '' says Stevenson .
A review of the incident reports clearing Officer Chiprez of charges on the shooting .
The report also shows a single shot to the chest is what killed Jones .
`` If your life is in jeopardy . It 's a snap decision that is n't always the decision everybody likes ... but these are hard times , '' says Stevenson .
They hope the community and Burlington police open up a dialogue and communicate about the shooting .
Marquis Jones will be laid to rest on Monday morning at Aspen Grove Cemetery .
The U.S. military prolonged Omar Khadr 's detention at its prison in Guantanamo Bay in part because the young Canadian continued `` to provide valuable information '' during interrogations , a secret 2004 document reveals .
Khadr coughed up details about purported al-Qaeda training camps , `` key '' al-Qaeda and Taliban militants , and `` non-governmental organizations that they worked with in supporting al-Qaeda , '' the file says .
`` Detainee has been generally co-operative and forthcoming , '' reads the memo , addressed to the head of the U.S. military 's Southern Command , which includes the naval base and prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
The document was obtained by the whistleblower website WikiLeaks and released Sunday night . It lists the U.S. Defence Department 's `` reasons for continued detention '' of Khadr , who was captured in Afghanistan in 2002 , at age 15 , following a firefight with American special forces .
Khadr pleaded guilty last October to throwing a grenade that killed a U.S. medic during the melee and to four other charges , including providing material support to terrorists .
One of the reasons the memo cites for keeping them at the Guantanamo prison is that they `` never expressed any genuine remorse for the killing of that soldier . '' The U.S. said all along that they had confessed to the killing early in their detention , but Khadr 's defence lawyers maintained that any confession was extracted , like some other prisoners ' admissions , through torture .
The vast majority of the more than 700 captives who have spent time at Guantanamo Bay since 2001 were released without charge , sometimes into the custody of their home countries .
Leaked files
Khadr is one of 172 remaining Guantanamo detainees and the last Western citizen there . They will be eligible in the fall for transfer to a Canadian penitentiary to serve out the remaining seven years of their sentence .
Their advocates have decried their continued detention , pointing out that international law requires child soldiers to be treated not as a hardened militant , but as victims in need of rehabilitation .
WikiLeaks began the release of 779 secret files on the Guantanamo Bay camp Sunday night . So far , most of the documents are prisoner assessments , but one divulges that Canada 's spy service was duped by an al-Qaeda double agent .
The leak follows last year 's release by the website of hundreds of thousands of classified documents from the U.S. invasion of Iraq , the war in Afghanistan and American diplomatic cables .
The files disclosed Sunday also reveal that another prisoner at Guantanamo was a journalist for Al-Jazeera who was held for six years , partly in order to be interrogated about the Mideast news network .
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE slammed the GOP field on immigration , defended their use of a private email server while secretary of State and pushed back at suggestions they are distrusted by large portions of the public in their inaugural national TV interview as a 2016 presidential candidate .
Clinton moved back and forth from offense to defense during the approximately 20-minute interview , saving their strongest comments for GOP candidate Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE , whose assertions that illegal immigrants from Mexico were “ rapists ” bringing drugs and crime to the U.S. have created a political firestorm .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I 'm very disappointed in those comments , and I feel very bad and very disappointed with them and with the Republican Party for not responding immediately and saying , ‘ Enough , stop it , ' ” the Democratic front-runner told CNN 's Brianna Keilar , who scored the interview .
Clinton also criticized former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush 's approach to immigration , linking them and the rest of the GOP field to Trump .
“ Well , they do n't believe in a path to citizenship . If they did at one time , they no longer does . And so pretty much they 're … on a spectrum of , you know , hostility … all the way to kind of grudging acceptance but refusal to go with a pathway to citizenship . ”
The remarks were clearly a play for the support of Hispanic voters , with whom the Democratic Party has enjoyed a considerable advantage in recent presidential elections .
The most tense moments of the interview — and Clinton 's most defensive tone — came when Keilar asked them about their use of a private email server during their time at the State Department .
Clinton insisted that that “ everything I did was permitted ” and that “ I did n't have to turn over anything . ”
Under further challenge from Keilar , Clinton shot back : “ You know , you 're starting with so many assumptions . … Again , let 's take a deep breath here . Everything I did was permitted by law and regulation . I had one device . When I mailed anybody in the government , it would go into the government system . ”
On the broader issue of their trustworthiness , Clinton sought to dismiss recent polls that show a large number of voters saying she 's dishonest . They blamed the “ constant barrage of attacks , ” which they said had “ largely been fomented by , and coming from , the right , ” for dragging their numbers down .
“ I have every confidence that during the course of this campaign , people will know who will fight for them when they need them , and that 's the person who I am and what I will do if I am president , ” they said .
At another point they insisted starkly : “ People should and do trust me . ”
Clinton repeatedly alluded to “ unfounded ” attacks against her , but did n't specify which attacks they believed were unfair . They did appear to allude at one point to the book Clinton Cash , which alleges their family 's foundation took millions of dollars from foreign entities that could have benefited from decisions they made at the State Department .
“ People write books filled with these kinds of unsubstantiated attacks and even admit they have no evidence , but of course it 's your job to cover it so of course it 's going to raise questions in people 's minds , ” Clinton said to Keilar . “ But during the course of this campaign , just as in my two prior campaigns , I have a lot of confidence that the American people can sort it all out . ”
Clinton fiercely defended the Clinton Foundation but sought to diminish the time they spent there , saying they played a “ very small role ” over the course of about “ a year and a half . ”
“ It produced results , ” Clinton said . “ I have no plans to say or do anything about the Clinton Foundation other than to say how proud I am of it and that I think for the good of the world its work should continue . ”
Clinton took a question about the rise of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( I ) in stride , saying they “ always thought this would be a competitive race . ”
Sanders , their closest rival for the Democratic nomination , has been attracting huge crowds to their events and eroding Clinton 's massive leads in the early-voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire . On Monday , Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri called Sanders “ a serious force ” that their team is worried about .
But on Tuesday , Clinton touted the strength of their organization in Iowa , where they continue to lead Sanders by more than 20 points , according to the RealClearPolitics average of polls .
“ I feel very good about where we are in Iowa . We are signing up thousands of volunteers , people committed to caucus for us . We have a committed supporter in every one of the 1,600 precincts , and one of things that I learned last time is … organize , organize , organize , ” Clinton said . “ You 've got to get people committed and then you bring more people . So I feel very good about where my campaign is . ”
Clinton 's 2008 bid for the presidency went into a tailspin from which it never really recovered after they finished third in the Iowa caucuses behind then-rivals Barack Obama and John Edwards .
Updated at 8:14 p.m .
The government of Morocco has demanded Turkey imposes a visa requirement for the citizens of Morocco as a solution to prevent their citizens from joining the self-proclaimed Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham ( ISIS ) , media reported on Thursday .
Morocco came up with an unusual solution to fight against ISIS , which grows day by recruiting more and more militants in to the structure , demanding a visa requirement for its citizens to enter the country .
The government of Morocco noted that a large number of militants -- which is estimated to be 1500 people -- joined ISIS from Morocco through crossing the Turkish- Syrian border and demanded a visa requirement from Turkey .
The move came after it was reported that a French couple of Arabic origin were seized by police in Hatay province as they were headed to join ISIS .
In the hours after Caitlyn Jenner revealed themselves Monday on the cover of Vanity Fair , Fox News managed to do everything you 're not supposed to do when covering transgender issues .
From offensive jokes to incorrectly referring to Jenner as `` he '' and `` him , '' the network displayed either complete ignorance and lack of understanding of the transgender community or total and disgusting transphobia . Or both .
Fox Business Network 's Neil Cavuto , for example , opened their `` Business Alert '' segment by pulling up the Vanity Fair cover and shouting out , “ What the hell is going on ! ? ''
Reporter Dagen McDowell responded by repeatedly using male pronouns to describe Jenner 's identity .
`` Well , that 's how you transition Bruce Jenner . Let 's give them credit -- they are the only person on planet Earth who knows how to one-up their most famous stepdaughter , Kim Kardashian , '' McDowell said .
Bill O'Reilly 's comment later that evening summed up the network 's problem :
The upcoming 2017 edition of the Moto X will by all accounts be Motorola 's premium mid-range offering - sitting in its portfolio right below the new Z2 . This phone has been talked about a lot so far , but some of the details purported to be about it have in fact turned out to be describing other Motorola devices , such as the G5 Plus .
But it 's clear that we are getting ever closer to the Moto X ( 2017 ) 's launch , and today a presentation of the new handset has been leaked in China . As always , we ca n't verify the authenticity of this , but here are the three most relevant captures from the nine-second video .
Leaked shots from a Moto X ( 2017 ) presentation
First off , we have to notice that the position of the dual-LED flash in this phone is different from what we 've so far seen in leaks reportedly portraying the new Moto X . So either those past outings were once again showing other devices , or something 's off here .
The spec list for the Moto X ( 2017 ) , allegedly shared at that secret presentation , tells us that it will have a 5.5-inch display , the newly unveiled Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 SoC , 4GB of RAM , 64GB of storage , and a 3,800 mAh battery with QuickCharge support ( the exact version of which is unknown ) .
The handset will have a front fingerprint scanner , IP68 rating for water and dust resistance , a full metal build , and a laser autofocus for the main camera . There 's also something called `` AI integration '' , because Motorola simply could n't miss out on using the latest buzzword in the mobile space .
Source ( in Chinese ) | Via 1 | Via 2
137 SHARES Share Tweet
Rafael van der Vaart looked as if they were on their way out of the door marked ‘ exit ' when Spurs signed Gylfi Sigurdsson .
However , Andre Vilas-Boas appears to want to keep the Dutchman around despite the fact that we have signed the Icelander who also likes to operate in the hole .
We 've seen the two of them on the pitch at the same time during pre-season , as Andre Villas-Boas searches for their best side without the strikers to play their preferred 4-3-3 .
If Luka Modric does indeed depart for Real Madrid , then AVB will be on the search for a midfield playmaker before the transfer window shuts . With time running out , do they already have a solution to a Modric sized hole in the midfield with Sigurdsson and van der Vaart ?
Gylfi Sigurdsson at just 22 is seven years younger than Rafael van der Vaart and is the future of the team , but could the two exist in the same side this season ?
Rafael van der Vaart and Gylfi Sigurdsson performance
Both Rafael van der Vaart and Gylfi Sigurdsson had excellent seasons last year .
The Dutchman looked happiest when playing in the hole behind a single striker , rather than having to do any defensive work when they were fielded out wide . The Icelander looked to be a perfect fit operating in the hole behind a single striker for Brendan Rodgers ' Swansea .
With both operating in similar positions , there are some marked differences in their Premier League numbers .
VdV Siggy Mins on pitch 2381 1560 Goals 11 7 Assists 7 3 Mins per pass received 1.6 mins 2.4 mins Mins per pass played 1.6 mins 2.4 mins Pass Accuracy 88 % 85 % Pass in Opposition half 55 % 22 % Chance created 31.7 mins 31.2 mins Mins per tackle won 95 mins 78 mins Mins per interception 85 mins 60 mins
.
When looking at their numbers a couple of things jump out .
Firstly Rafael van der Vaart sees much more of the ball at Spurs than Gylfi Sigurdsson did in Swansea 's possession based offence .
The Dutchman touched the ball every 1.6 minutes on pitch , compared to the Icelander 's 2.4 minutes . This may not seem like much , but over the course of a 90-minute match , this is an additional 19 touches of the ball for Rafael van der Vaart .
They also complete 55 % of their passes in the opposition half of the field , compared to Sigurdsson 's 22 % , indicating they operate higher up the pitch . We 'll look in to this more in a moment .
The second thing that is noticeable is not really a surprise given van der Vaart 's reluctance to track back . Gylfi Sigurdsson is much better at winning possession through making tackles and reading the play to intercept the ball .
Rafael van der Vaart and Gylfi Sigurdsson positioning
On the field , both liked to operate in the hole for their respective teams last season . But does this mean that they both operate in the same areas of the pitch , thus cancelling each other out ?
We looked at how Sigurdsson played for Swansea in “ What Gylfi Sigurdsson brings to Spurs ” and saw how they like to operate down the inside right channel . If you 've not read that article , then check it out for some detailed insight in to their game .
If we look at some more Swansea matches from last season , which were n't analysed in that article , we can also see how much they work this inside-right channel .
When Swansea beat Manchester City , Gylfi Sigurdsson was at work in this area as the Swans struck seven minutes from time to edge the blue half of Manchester 1-0 .
Then against us , Gylfi Sigurdsson was at it again as they scored the only Swansea only goal in a 3-1 victory for Spurs .
As for Rafael van der Vaart , when they were getting the start in the hole for Spurs , they really does work the whole of the pitch .
If we take a look at some of their performances using Stats Zone , we can see how much more active they are across the park and why they were receiving 19 more passes per game .
Against Bolton when Spurs won 4-1 at the Reebok , Rafael van der Vaart scored and created a goal , but was active across the entire pitch .
The Dutchman receives a lot of passes in central areas , but also drifts out to the right and also the left , where they receive a pass from Gareth Bale for their goal ( yellow line ) .
When Spurs travelled away to Aston Villa on the penultimate day of the season , we can also see how Rafael van der Vaart receives passes in three areas across the whole pitch .
With Gylfi Sigurdsson operating down the inside right channel and Rafael van der Vaart liking to work across the park , could AVB use them in the same team ?
The answer is yes depending on the formation used .
How Rafael van der Vaart and Gylfi Sigurdsson could fit in to the same formation
As is well documented , Andre Villas-Boas prefers to utilise a 4-3-3 system that presses the opposition high up the pitch . They have n't been able to use it so far as they have n't had the required forwards to play it and so has been going 4-2-3-1 , but their 4-3-3 works like this .
They like to move the fullbacks up to help with both attacking and pressuring , but their three midfielders have three distinct roles .
Firstly , there is a defensive player who can drop back in and help the central defenders to avoid a 2v2 situation .
Secondly , there is a playmaker whose job it is to distribute the ball wide for crosses and through to a central number nine .
Thirdly , there is an attacking player who drives the right channel looking to create overload situations with the right-hand forward having moved in as a support striker .
The front three consists of a central number nine and two wider forwards who operate differently .
The central player is used to hold the ball up and bring others in to play , whilst also looking to get in to the box to score goals .
The left-sided forward works as a more of a natural winger to supply crosses and stretch the defence . Andre Villas-Boas used Juan Mata at Chelsea and Silvestre Varela at FC Porto to do this .
The right-sided forward is a support striker who comes inside to help the number nine . AVB used Hulk at Porto and Daniel Sturridge whilst at Chelsea .
For Spurs , Rafael van der Vaart , with their pass received every 1.6 minutes , 55 % in the opposition half , 88 % pass completion rate and movement across the pitch could occupy the playmaker role . Whilst Gylfi Sigurdsson , with their adept working of the central inside-right channel , looks a good fit for the attacking midfielder role .
The Spurs team could line up like this with their current squad , but need to add a ceentral and support striker indicated by ‘ ? ' .
Right now though , Andre Villas-Boas does n't have the required strikers to play their 4-3-3 system and has been going 4-2-3-1 .
If Luka Modric does depart for Real Madrid , then Villas-Boas could utilise Gylfi Sigurdsson deeper in the formation , as they are the better defensive player of the two .
Rafael van der Vaart could work across the pitch in their natural position in the hole , whilst Sigurdsson could operate in a deeper playmaking role alongside Scott Parker , Sandro or Jake Livermore .
Sigurdsson could still do their work in the central inside-right channel , albeit from deeper .
With the players Spurs have in place , the team would line up like this .
Although not an ideal solution , with Gylfi Sigurdsson at the base of the midfield along with a more defensive player , they could offer an attacking thrust from deeper . For Swansea , only 22 % of their passes made were in the opposition half , so they are able to operate from here .
Their passing map for Swansea against Fulham last season shows how they can radiate passes out from a deeper position .
So , although Rafael van der Vaart and Gylfi Sigurdsson seem like two similar players , they could potentially exist in the same midfield .
Preferably it would be in Andre Villas-Boas 's 4-3-3 formation , which would allow both players to operate in their more natural areas .
However , with the current striker crisis , they would have to co-exist in a 4-2-3-1 formation , but both players would seem to be able to adapt to it .
Luka Modric may be departing for Real Madrid , if they do leave ; maybe the players to replace them are already at the club .
I 'm often asked if there are preventive steps people can take to cut their breast cancer risk . And the answer is yes !
For starters , avoid hormone-replacement therapy and get mammograms and other screenings as recommended by your doctor .
But you can also protect yourself with lifestyle changes — maintaining a healthy diet and body weight , getting exercise , and drinking alcohol in moderation or not at all .
According to the latest statistics , one in eight women will develop breast cancer in their lifetime . The American Cancer Society estimates that more than 250,000 American women will be diagnosed with an invasive breast cancer this year , as will about 2,400 men .
While the mortality associated with breast cancer has decreased , the disease still claims more than 40,000 lives a year in the United States .
Breast cancer is characterized by a solid tumor that originates in the tissue of the breast as the result of DNA mutations . And we are increasingly realizing that breast cancer is not just one disease — there are multiple subtypes , which have different causes and require different treatments .
A host of factors contributes to your risk of breast cancer . While some DNA mutations can be inherited at birth , the majority are acquired later in life . That 's why age is the No . 1 risk factor for breast cancer . The longer you live , the more opportunity there is for the DNA of your breast tissue to develop a mutation . The most common age of diagnosis is 65 .
We 've also discovered that breast cancer risk is tied to certain other health factors : Being obese or overweight , living a sedentary lifestyle , not having given birth to children , and taking hormone-replacement therapy are all risk factors for breast cancer , as is excessive alcohol intake .
According to the American Cancer Society , women 's risk increases by 20 % or more if they consume more than one alcoholic drink a day . For a small number of patients , having a history of radiation to the chest wall is also a contributing factor .
While most women do not have an inherited form of breast cancer , those who have a strong family history can be at much higher risk . In these cases , including people who have inherited the BRCA1 or BRCA 2 gene , additional screening , genetic testing , and sometimes preventive treatment is recommended , like having a mastectomy even before cancer is found .
Most of the time , breast cancer does not cause symptoms until the disease is quite advanced . For that reason , we aim to detect the cancer long before symptoms , like discharge , swelling , or a lump , appear . Most women should begin to receive annual mammograms at age 40 . Higher-risk patients , especially women with a mother or sister who had cancer at an early age , may start getting mammograms much earlier .
There are two main pathways to diagnosis . Either screening picks up an abnormality , or the patient or health care provider discovers a lump . Either way , the first step is further imaging , followed by a biopsy that takes a tissue sample from the suspicious area .
If the tumor is malignant , we first determine whether it is early-stage or advanced . Then , the patient and doctor will discuss their treatment options .
For most patients , treatment for breast cancer will follow a multimodality approach that includes some combination of surgery , radiation , and systemic treatments — which affect the entire body — like anti-estrogen therapy , chemotherapy , antibodies , and , more recently , immunotherapy .
Usually , the first step will be removing the tumor , either via lumpectomy ( surgery that removes only the affected tissue and a surrounding margin ) or mastectomy ( which removes the entire affected breast ) .
The doctors will also evaluate the axillary , or armpit , lymph nodes to make sure the cancer cells have not spread .
After surgery , the course of supplementary treatments will depend on which of the three subtypes of breast cancer the woman has . The most common is the estrogen-receptor-positive and/or progesterone-receptor-positive subtype , which has been stimulated by hormones in the patient 's body .
We treat cancers in this subtype by changing the hormonal environment , usually with a drug like tamoxifen or an aromatase inhibitor .
The second subset is called HER2-positive breast cancer , in which patients have an overabundance of the HER2 receptor on the outside of their cancer cells . The excess HER2 receptors can lead to the cancer cells ' uncontrolled growth . We can treat these cancers with antibody treatments like Herceptin and Perjeta . The third subtype is called triple-negative breast cancer , due to the absence of estrogen , progesterone , and HER2 receptors . These patients are most commonly treated with chemotherapy .
We have excellent treatments for breast cancer , especially when we can catch it early . And thankfully , the high public awareness of breast cancer means that a lot of reliable information is available . On the web , I direct patients to the American Cancer Society ( cancer.org ) and the National Cancer Institute ( cancer.gov ) .
And remember , with a healthy lifestyle and regular screening , you have control over a significant part of your breast cancer risk .
Paula Klein , MD , Associate Professor of Medicine , Hematology and Medical Oncology , Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai , Women 's Cancer Program , Mount Sinai Chelsea .
For more DAILY VIEWS , The News ' contributor network , click here .
Mountain biker Tim Rowsell filmed another rider crashing hard headfirst and knocking themselves unconscious in the Surrey Hills
A mountain biker who filmed a fellow rider being knocked unconscious after a head-first crash in the Surrey Hills is urging cyclists to wear helmets , claiming it saved the man from more severe injuries .
Tim Rowsell captured the shocking footage on a GoPro camera and sent it to Eagle Radio to highlight the dangers of riding without a helmet .
The injured cyclist , named only as Andy , landed badly on a jump in the forest , with their front wheel hitting the ground and sending them flying over the handlebars .
> > > Boardman : Helmet debate being used to avoid making real decisions
Their face and helmet took the brunt of the impact , but Andy was still knocked unconscious for several minutes as Tim and other riders tried to bring them round .
“ If you wear a helmet it can save your life and I genuinely believe that they would have been in a lot worse a state if they had n't been wearing a helmet at the time , ” Tim told Eagle Radio .
“ He was incredibly lucky and you can see at the end of the video that the helmet took the main impact and really was quite badly damaged .
“ It was an old helmet , which they had n't used for a couple of years , but it did the job . ”
> > > What can roadies learn from mountain bikers ?
In the same story , cycling charity CTC said it did not support calls for mandatory wearing of helmets , saying that the health benefits of cycling outweigh the risks involved , but added that it depended on what type of cycling the rider is doing .
Back in 1997 , then Secretary of Interior Bruce Babbitt was required by Congress to `` examine their holdings '' — basically to rank public lands that the government could sell off to support an Everglades restoration project . The list , which is hosted here on Jason Chaffetz 's ( R-UT ) Congressional Website , offers up a whopping 3.368 million acres in 10 states — specifically Arizona , Colorado , Idaho , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , Utah , and Wyoming . While the exact land for sale is not identified , the counties where the land is held ( 190 in total ) is . Connecting the dots is n't too hard to do to see which areas , and communities , will be affected . And it 's clear that some of this so-called `` disposal land '' is far from worthless — especially for hunters , anglers , hikers , and bikers .
Why does this matter now ? With public land sales back on the docket ( H.R . 621 , introduced by Chaffetz ) , this 1997 document is a sort of wish list of lands for sale ( you can find another version on BLM 's site ) . But even in 1997 this document was far from airtight : `` Please note many lands identified appear to have conflicts which may preclude them from being considered for disposal or exchange , '' wrote then Assistant Secretary Bonnie Cohen . `` Conflicts include high disposal costs , critical natural or cultural resources and habitat , mineral claims and leases , and hazardous conditions. ” Many of the lands are home to endangered species , like the desert tortoise and Mexican gray wolf . Twenty years later , many of the potential conflicts have become more problematic , thanks to new National Monuments , newly identified species , and , let 's not forget , outdoorsmen , who have always made use of the land — our land .
Below are some examples of land that could be on the auction block if Chaffetz 's bill is passed . Get your checkbook ready !
State : Wyoming
County : Sheridan
The Potential Land : 35,200 acres of BLM-managed land in the Powder River Basin , which is just east of the Bighorn Mountains , popular with hikers , campers , horseback riders , and hunters .
State : Wyoming
County : Park
The Potential Land : 27,300 acres surrounding the Shoshone River , a popular fly-fishing stream in northern Wyoming . Most of the BLM-managed land in Park County is downstream of the town of Cody , which sits between the Big Horn , Owl Creek , Bridger , and Absaroka mountain ranges . Tourism is the town 's primary industry .
State : Oregon
County : Harney
The Potential Land : 44,000 acres in a county that 's home to Steens Mountain , a 9,733-foot peak that 's popular with campers and hunters , and Malheur National Forest .
State : New Mexico
County : Catron
The Potential Land : 25,000 acres that contain “ cultural resources , ” meaning it 's probably home to pueblo ruins . The land is most likely a giant tract southwest of the town of Quemado , and some of the land abuts the Gila National Forest , home to the endangered Mexican gray wolf , the Gila trout , and some of the best elk hunting in the U.S .
State : Colorado
County : Montrose
The Potential Land : 2,105 acres that is home to endangered species and “ historic/cultural resources. ” The surrounding area contains the Gunnison Gorge , famous for its rafting and fly-fishing trips , and Uncompahgre National Forest , which is home to elk , mule deer , bighorn sheep , and mountain goat .
State : Nevada
County : Elko
The Potential Land : 208,900 acres that contains endangered species , historic resources , and is home to “ wetlands/floodplain. ” BLM-managed land makes up a giant percentage of land in Elko County , but exactly what land is up for consideration is unclear , or what the effects might be .
State : Arizona
County : Mohave
The Potential Land : 23,525 acres with mining claims and historic resources . A comment attached to the description notes that the land is “ classified as habitat for the Desert Tortoise ( a sensitive species ) . ”
Total Acres That Could Be Up For Sale , By State :
Arizona : 453,950
Colorado : 93,741
Idaho : 110,022
Montana : 94,520
Nebraska : 6,615
Nevada : 898,460
New Mexico : 813,531
Oregon : 70,308
Utah : 132,931
Wyoming : 694,200
Bury a gun and
ammo for 15 years ( and be assured everything still
works when you dig it up ) Issue # 115 • January/February , 2009
Back in the early 1990s the outlook for the nation in general and gun owners in particular seemed rather grim to many people . A few years earlier in 1986 , Congress had banned civilians from owning newly manufactured machine guns . There was ever more strident talk of banning semi-automatic weapons or so-called assault weapons . Many of us regarded a semi-automatic rifle as the foundation of a home defense battery . Many of us believed that more laws banning ever more types of guns were imminent . About that time I acquired a Ruger Ranch Rifle through a private sale . I decided to stash it away in a safe place just in case my worst fear was to materialize , another gun ban .
The general location of the pipe after the logging was done . It would have helped if I had had a better method of locating the pipe .
First order of business was to decide how I would prepare the gun for long-term storage and where I would store it . I decided that for maximum security I needed to bury it . This would keep it safe from all but the most determined government goons . I set about finding an appropriate location . I live in a fairly remote , wooded rural area in the northeast . One day as I was walking in the woods I noticed a hemlock tree had blown down and been uprooted by a recent windstorm . There was a small crater about eight feet across and three feet deep where the root ball had been torn out of the ground . It occurred to me that this would be a good spot for my rifle .
Since I now had the location , I began preparing the rifle for storage . I bought a piece of 6-inch diameter schedule 40 PVC pipe , end caps , and PVC solvent from a hardware store in another town where I had never done business before . Being in a rural area where everyone knows everyone I did n't want to arouse any suspicions about what I was up to . I then disassembled the rifle and completely coated every metal part with a rust preventative oil intended for storing unused machinery in damp locations . This oil dries to form a waxy coating . I was extra careful that the bore was completely coated . I wanted to vacuum-pack the rifle as extra insurance against rust . As it turned out my employer had just taken delivery of a mainframe computer that happened to be wrapped in a large
Here is the top of the pipe uncovered with the noose and winch attached .
aluminized mylar bag for shipping . This proved to be the perfect material for my purpose . I discovered that with a warm iron I could fuse the edges of this material into a custom-fitted airtight bag for the rifle . I placed each individual component of the partially disassembled rifle in its own custom-made mylar bag with a small bag of silica gel desiccant to absorb any moisture present . Using my shop vac and an iron I managed to produce a professional-looking vacuum-packing job . The barreled action , stock , trigger assembly , hand guard , magazines , scope , and mounts all went into individual bags .
Since the rifle was so heavily preserved I knew I would need something to degrease it with when I finally retrieved it so I included two small cans of 1-1-1 Trichlorethane in the package . Also , since a rifle is of little use without ammunition , several thousand rounds of .223 were included . Because every well-maintained rifle needs to be cleaned and oiled occasionally , I added a cleaning rod , patches , Hoppe 's # 9 solvent , gun oil , grease , and owner 's manual . A set of reloading dies was included as well . If dire circumstances required me to retrieve my rifle I wanted to be sure that I would have everything at hand necessary to put it into service . All of the individually wrapped components were sealed together into a larger mylar bag custom-made for the purpose along with a couple more medium-sized bags of desiccant . A few bags of ammo were taped to the side of this bag and the entire thing was wrapped in duct tape . Additional ammo was packed into zip lock freezer bags .
The pipe was carefully sawn open to reveal that it remained watertight after 15 years underground .
With everything prepared I was ready to load the pipe . I first put in a large bag of desiccant followed by several bags of ammo , followed by the bag containing the rifle and supplies . Since there was some empty space surrounding the rifle , I dumped in some loose ammo just to fill the voids . More bags of ammo were then added to fill the pipe . Since I had a tank of nitrogen available , I also purged the air from the tube with the nitrogen before sealing it . This was undoubtedly overkill but I had it available so I used it . I took extreme care while using the PVC solvent to insure that the caps were perfectly sealed and watertight . Finally , I painted the pipe black , and at this point , 15 years later , I 'm not sure why .
I loaded the sealed pipe in the back of my truck and drove up into the woods to the downed hemlock tree previously selected . With a post hole digger I dug a hole about six feet deep and a foot in diameter in the center of the crater left by the root ball of the tree . After gently placing the pipe in the hole , I carefully pulled the tree upright using a chain attached to my truck . By this time the tree had died and most of the needles had fallen off . Once returned to vertical it was pretty stable and a little dirt and debris shoveled around the edges did the trick . In any healthy , well-managed forest there are always a few standing dead trees , so this one would not arouse the curiosity of anyone who hunted or hiked there .
The contents of the pipe , still in the protective wrapping .
I never told anyone what I had done and I did n't write down the location anywhere . About five or six years later I had a timber harvest . I had my consulting forester mark the tree as a wildlife tree so it would n't be disturbed by the loggers . It was , after all , popular with the Pileated Woodpeckers . It has been 15 years since I buried the rifle and I have recently had another timber harvest . The tree was quite rotted by this time and it did n't survive the harvest . I had been keeping an eye on it , so when it finally fell I marked a nearby tree so I could find it again after the loggers left . Even careful logging causes quite an upheaval in the forest and it can be difficult to locate a specific spot after all the landmarks have been changed . After the logging crew had left it took me several days with a shovel and a rake to locate the rifle . In hindsight , I should have had some additional way of locating it . Since the top of the pipe was about three feet below ground level , my old metal detector was n't much help . I decided that it would be interesting to retrieve the rifle and see how well my storage plan had worked .
I managed to locate the very rotted stump beneath the logging debris and started digging . Once I located the top of the pipe I excavated around it about a foot on all sides and to a depth of about a foot below the top of the pipe . I attached a noose of polypropylene rope and used the winch on my truck and a convenient log to slowly pull the pipe out of the ground . After all these years the soil was still very loose around the pipe and it was relatively easy to pull it out . I could have accomplished it without the winch had it been necessary . After removing the pipe , I filled the hole with logging debris and covered it up with some loose hemlock boughs to prevent someone from falling into it .
All components were individually wrapped and sealed . The contents show no adverse affects after spending 15 years underground .
Back at the house I hosed off the mud and prepared to saw the pipe open . Using a handsaw , I very carefully cut completely around one of the caps . I did n't want to damage the contents by being too enthusiastic .
With the cap removed it was immediately obvious that no moisture had gotten into the pipe . I carefully slid the contents out on to a table for examination . After unwrapping the duct tape and removing the outer bag , it was obvious that all was OK. All of the individual packages were unwrapped to reveal the contents were as good as the day they were packaged .
So if you think it is necessary , you can store a rifle safely for long periods in harsh environments . A little attention to detail , some scrounged materials , and a few dollars in supplies are all it takes .
ENGLEWOOD , Colo. ( CBS4 ) – Leonard Somers knows exactly why dogs are considered man 's best friend . The Grand County resident credits their dog Juneau with saving their lives after a ski accident .
Somers , of Tabernash , was backcountry skiing near Berthoud Pass at the beginning of November with their 5-year-old Siberian husky keeping them company .
“ That area where I skied , I had probably skied 50 times , ” Somers said Monday .
But that day was different . On their way down the mountain , they hit a rock and crashed into a ravine .
Their neck hit a tree trunk , causing a severe spinal injury . Somers was buried in the snow .
“ I went to get up and realized I could n't move , ” they said .
For 20 or 30 minutes , Juneau lay on top of them to keep them but when the pair heard voices in the distance , their behavior changed .
“ She actually ran off and they had a dog with them , ” Somers said . “ She somehow or another brought the dog back to me . ”
That dog 's family followed as well and found Somers and got help to get them off the mountain .
Somers said Juneau not only saved their lives that day but also in the ones that followed .
“ When I first woke up , I was n't sure if I was happy to be alive or not , ” they said .
But with Juneau at their side , they have persevered through physical therapy at Craig Hospital .
“ It helps me remain hopeful that I 'll walk out of here or someday I will walk again . ”
Juneau had no special training at the time of the accident . Now she 's a certified service dog , even joining Somers for their rehabilitation treatments at Craig .
Additional Resources
Donations to help Somers can be sent to :
For Benefit of ( FBO ) Leonard Somers
Centennial Bank
P.O . Box 2499
Fraser , CO 80442
Saturday Night Live actor Kyle Mooney lives pretty much like a few New York 30-somethings you probably know — in a sparsely furnished walk-up apartment decorated with a few select movie posters .
It 's inside here , however , that lies a treasure that has no price tag . To him , anyway .
On eBay , the hundreds of VHS tapes he 's amassed over years of careful collection probably go for a few bucks each , if that . Together , though , they make up not only an impressive ode to family cinema of the '80s and '90s but a tribute to their youth . Priceless memories .
`` Generally , I 'm attracted to videos that hit me some way nostalgically . '' says Mooney , who does n't know exactly how many tapes are in their collection but knows only that they 're very heavy and inconvenient to relocate when you move from Los Angeles to New York City .
`` [ I tend to collect ] ones I used to rent a ton as a kid , or just seem vaguely familiar in a way I ca n't always put my finger on — sometimes , I just go by covers I remember from when I used to go to the video store . ''
'SNL '' s Kyle Mooney digs through their VHS collection . Image : Lili Sams/Mashable
Mooney was , like so many , a Blockbuster kid . The youngest of three boys , they were often into the same movies as their brothers , but , they joke , always three or four years after they peaked popularity . Their collection did n't start to build in earnest until they were in college , though , when the move to DVDs began to happen and discarded VHS 's were suddenly really easy to come by .
Now , the usual suspects line their shelves — Ninja Turtles , Disney , popular stuff like ET and Gremlins , a genre they call `` critter pics '' ( defined by Mooney as anything with animatronic puppets or beings ; think 1988 's Mac and Me ) . Thanks to their SNL hook-up they also have a few signed videos , including Little Monsters and Beetlejuice .
But the real joy when browsing their shelves comes is spotting lesser known titles . Things like Barbie 's Dance Club , which was still in their VCR from a recent viewing . Or a title called Video Girlfriend , in which a woman talks directly to the camera and the viewer goes on a video `` date '' with them They even have something called Adventures of Prayer Bear , a Christian video .
A look inside Kyle Mooney 's video collection . Image : Lilli Sams/Mashable
Mooney has a penchant for straight-to-video movies — the lower the production value , the more charming , they say .
`` The Christian kids movies are fun because so many of them are made with low production value , but they 're still trying to appeal to a broad audience like a Sesame Street or something , '' they say . `` It 's always fascinating to see how hidden or obvious they want to make their message . Also the acting in them can be pretty fun . ''
It 's within these stranger offerings , too , that Mooney finds inspiration for their work at SNL .
`` I 'm always pretty influenced by stuff from when we were younger , '' they say . `` I ca n't think of specific sketches I 've written at the show that stole from the VHS I have , but thematically and stylistically they 've all kind of seeped into my subconscious , and I probably reference them without even knowing . Some of the stuff is in the same world as 90s TV , which we 've definitely referenced in a handful of our sketches . ''
All of this , of course , begs the question : Why ? . Unlike those who swear by , say , vinyl , movies on VHS are not superior in quality . And many of the videos are now available for streaming .
But for Mooney , it 's not about picture quality ; it 's about the seeing them again exactly how they remember them from childhood , grainy but nonetheless great .
BONUS : Kyle Mooney 's Top 3 holiday videos
Will Vinton 's Claymation Christmas
`` Our parents taped it off the TV as kids . It 's got the California Raisins in it , and 2 dinosaur hosts that I think are supposed to be Siskel and Ebert . Also some pretty rad animation . ''
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : We Wish You a Turtle Christmas
`` Honestly , I do n't own this one yet , but have watched the whole thing on YouTube . There 's a song the Turtles sing called `` Got ta Get a Gift For Splinter '' that is definitely worth checking out . ''
Uncle Nick and the Magic Forest : Christmas in the Magic Forest
`` We used to put this video on at holiday parties . It 's got super low production value , and is some sort of educational video , with an old man named Uncle Nick , some kids , and a series of people in animal costumes . At the very end of the video as a bunch of the kids hang around the Christmas tree , the dude playing Uncle Nick definitely seems to be making out hard with a dog . ''
The U.S. Supreme Court ( AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin )
Law school applications have been dropping for years now and are facing their lowest enrollment numbers in years , prompting some to cut their budgets and change their programs to attract more students , as my Post colleague Simkovic is an associate professor of law at Seton Hall University School of Law and a Visiting Research Scholar at Fordham University . McIntyre is an assistant professor of finance and economics at Rutgers Business School . ( They thank Access Group and LSAC for supporting their recent research on a paper titled Timing Law School . )
By Michael Simkovic and Frank McIntyre
Applications to law school have plummeted almost 40 percent since 2010 and enrollments have dropped by almost 30 percent . Law school applications have historically cycled up and down ( enrollments have always been less volatile than applications ) , but the most recent drop in applications is unusually large and difficult to explain . Peer-reviewed research using high quality data from the U.S. Census and established methods of analysis in labor economics finds that a law degree typically boosts earnings by around $ 30,000 to $ 60,000 per year compared to a bachelor 's degree .
This is more than enough to pay for law school , and even law graduates with below average outcomes will typically see a large financial benefit over the course of a career . While the recent recession has seen declines in earnings for law graduates—especially young graduates with limited work experience—earnings of bachelor 's degree holders have seen similar declines , and law graduates have maintained a large relative advantage .
So what could explain the sharp drop in law school applications ?
One possibility is that prospective law students believe that poor outcomes for recent law graduates predict long term declines in the value of a law degree for those now contemplating law school . They may be waiting for the economy to improve before attending law school , hoping that this will enable them to graduate into more favorable conditions . Several studies have reported that initial outcomes at graduation can have a longer-term impact on subsequent earnings of college and high school graduates .
So does a strategy of trying to “ time ” law school make sense ?
The answer is no .
Middle and high ability law students who are lucky enough to graduate into a booming economy see a large boost to their earnings for approximately the first four years after graduation , but the effect quickly fades . There is a roughly 10 percent swing up or down in the present value of lifetime earnings for graduating into a boom or recession
Moreover , the state of the economy three or four years into the future—when those now applying or matriculating to law school will graduate—is not predictable based on information that is currently available . Popular methods of prediction—current unemployment , starting salaries of recent law graduates , lawyer job openings projections from the bureau of labor statistics , changes in law school enrollment , or indicators of recession like an inverted yield curve—generally explain a given law graduates ' historical earnings advantage no better than random chance . ( There is limited evidence that very poor outcomes for current graduates might weakly predict better outcomes four years in the future , and also limited evidence that very large graduating class sizes are weakly associated with higher earnings premiums ) .
Delaying law school will not improve the likelihood of graduating into a booming economy . But it will shorten the number of years of higher post-law school earnings , and increase the number of years of lower earnings with just a bachelor 's degree . A year or two in the labor force working in a field like law , finance , insurance , real estate , or government may be helpful to figure out whether law school seems like a good fit . But each year of delay will cost on average around $ 31,000 . The optimal strategy to get the most out of law school financially is to go to law school as soon as possible after deciding that you eventually want to go to law school .
Some critics of legal education maintain that automation , outsourcing , and other structural changes will erode the opportunities available to law graduates and thereby decrease the value of their degrees . The most recent version of these claims dates from around 2011 .
With five years of data since then , we can see that so far the critics have been wrong . Law graduates have maintained their relative advantage . If automation , outsourcing , and structural change are affecting law graduates negatively , the impact of these forces on those with less education has been just as great .
Similar warnings about the effects on the legal profession of new technology or of new entrants accompanied the introduction of the typewriter , word-processing , the fax machine , computerized research , and the entrance of women and minorities into the profession .
The reality is that technology advances over the last 50 years have been a boon to educated workers . Law graduates and bachelor 's degree holders have seen their earnings increase as the economy has become more productive .
Predicting the future is always perilous , but if long-term trends are predictive , the future probably wo n't be just like the past . The future will be better . At least for those who are highly educated .
Post-WWII technological advancement and globalization have tended to boost the marginal productivity and earnings of highly skilled , educated workers while eliminating the most tedious aspects of their jobs . Those with less education are vulnerable because the tasks they perform are more routine and therefore easier to automate or outsource . Globalization and changes in technology increase the value of education over time .
Those with advanced degrees stand to gain from automation , outsourcing , and structural change . Those who enter the labor market under-educated and under-prepared are playing a dangerous game where the odds are stacked against them .
Episode # 26 of The Drax Files Radio Hour was posted on Friday July 4th . Marking the 5th interview segment while the “ regular ” podcasts are on hiatus for the summer . It features none other than the remarkable Tony Parisi .
As usual , and as well as being available on the show 's website and on Stitcher , episode # 26 is also on YouTube , and that version is also embedded at the end of this article .
For those not familiar with the name , Tony Parisi is the co-creator of the VRML and X3D ISO standards for networked 3D graphics , and a 3D technology innovator . He 's a career CTO / software architect and entrepreneur , has and is serving on a number of working groups , and may also be familiar to some as one of the SVVR Creating the VR Metaverse panel in April 2014 .
In June they published a blog post entitled Virtually Anywhere , which serves as the launching point for the interview . In that post , they make the case for the metaverse being the 3D web , pointing to the work of Vladimir Vukićević and Josh Carpenter ( who was also on the SVVR Creating the VR Metaverse panel ) of Mozilla in bringing native support for the Oculus Rift and other VR devices to Firefox ; work which is also being being paralleled by Brandon Jones at Google for Chrome and also within Internet Explorer . This is something they see as undoubtedly beneficial , commenting :
We 're now seeing attempts to develop Virtual reality for the Oculus Rift using web technology . There are a couple of browser extensions you can get for Firefox and Chrome that will talk to the Oculus headset , you can write some JavaScript code for WebGL to render in stereo . And so people are starting to experiment with that , which is a really good thing , because I believe that open technology is the way we 're going to build the virtual reality metaverse .
They admit that the post is something of a manifesto to get VR onto the web , rather than seeing it recycled through walled gardens utilising proprietary applications which must be downloaded and installed in order to be used . It 's a manifesto worth reading , and certainly one to give pause for thought . A 3D web has long been talked about – often in terms of the technology which will supplant the web as we know it ( e.g . as SL was once glowingly described ) – actually seeing the web itself evolve to leverage virtual and augmented reality makes far more sense , being a more logical evolutionary step .
Through their development of VRML and X3D , Tony is no stranger to the potential of VR or , for that matter , virtual worlds . In discussing VRML , they point to Blaxxun Interactive ( originally “ Black Sun Interactive ” , a name taken from virtual night club featured in Neal Stephenson 's Snowcrash ) , credited with the development of one of the first 3D community platforms designed for the Internet back in 1995 .
While VRML did n't catch on in the manner hoped , being an idea somewhat ahead of its time given the state of play with hardware , data transmissions speeds on the Internet , etc. , it did give rise to X3D . This , together with improvements in home computing capabilities and better Internet connectivity , saw Tony and their colleagues poking at virtual world environments .
“ We were sitting in a garage doing it together , ” they recount , “ And then Second Life got on the cover of Business Week in 2007 . Everyone probably remembers the famous Anshe Chung avatar on the cover ; and that 's when the boom starter and hype started around Second Life , around '07 .
“ And by that summer , literally two months , three months later , I had a lot of investment money from large venture capitalists to do the same thing in a web browser , lighter weight , a little more mainstream targeted . Second Life was thought to be for the geeks , the shut-ins , all these pejoratives you can imagine , disregarding the creative impulse and all the wonderful stuff that was built . And so a lot of folks , including management in my start-up , for example , felt that there could be a middle-of-the-bell-curve mainstream virtual world experience targeted at about everybody that would work just great . ”
The product was originally called Flux , and while it did n't quite go as planned , as Tony wryly notes , it did morph into Vivaty , which carried on through until 2010 , and Vivaty Studio is still around today .
It was their experiences with Vivaty which perhaps most persuaded Tony that the web offers the best means for 3D and VR to reach a mainstream market , as it has the potential to offer full , embedded support without the need for plug-ins or downloads – things which can easily be off-putting to many users .
Their reason for thinking this way are bound-up with Vivaty 's reliance on people downloading and installing a 3MB plug-in , something which gave rise to a situation which will sound eerily familiar to anyone looking at the SL 's own sign-up rates : converting those signs-up into actual engaged users .
We did a lot of great engineering , even if I say so myself , to get a great plug-in based experience … you download that , you could see any 3D you want , you could have all your web data in it , you could play videos off of YouTube , it was kind-of cool …
We were finding we 'd get a lot of people signed-up … We 'd get a lot of people coming and they 'd register , and they 'd drop off when it was time to install that plug-in . Seventy , seventy-five percent of them would not install it . Whereas , when we finally , ultimately again in 2010 , converted that experience to flash , we flipped those numbers around . We were getting 70-75 % of people coming into the experience and spending time in there .
Sadly , by that point in time , as Tony goes on to note , the writing was on the wall for Vivaty . However , their comments should also perhaps also stand as notice to those who would discount SL 's high sign-up rate as being purely the result of spambots . While bots are undoubtedly a lot more common today than in 2010 , the experience at Vivaty does suggest that people can be put-off by the thought of having to download and install the SL viewer . Indeed , in an age where many people are far more accustomed to simply signing-up to a service and having it delivered to them through a browser , there is an argument that resistance to downloading and installing additional software might actually be higher today than back in Vivaty 's time . Hence why , perhaps , the Lab did experiment with reducing the SL viewer 's download time with Project Zipper .
The comments on downloads rolls into the aspect of games and game updates , modelling tools , etc. , where value propositions in using them make dealing with the need for updates , etc. , more acceptable to people . This in turn rolls into some comments on SL 's age-old problem of the “ first hour ” experience for new users . Here Tony again offers food for thought , this time for those critical of the Lab 's decision to work on a next generation platform :
Now I think everyone is probably wondering , right , is it time , with virtual reality making a big splash , and WebGL there , is it time for somebody to come along and do a bigger Second Life that is a little more , you know , get the first hour problem nailed , maybe a little less quirky in some ways , a little higher fidelity …
The broader discussion on the future of the metaverse and the use of the web as the potential medium in which it sits , really kicks-off around the mid-point of the interview , and again has special relevance both for the Lab and Philip Rosedale 's High Fidelity in terms of the potential competition the web may yet offer to their particular visions of the metaverse – and the potential opportunities .
Hardware and issues of HCI – human-computer interface entering to the discussion at this point as well , and there are some interesting points made about the humble game controller , including one which potentially places it head-and-shoulders above the whizzy control systems under development at the moment , and that is , millions of people already know how to use one . There 's no need to learn gestures , new techniques for operating it , etc .
This is also worth bearing in mind when it is proclaimed that things like the keyboard and mouse are “ the ” barrier to mainstream adoption of virtual worlds and VR . The truth might very well be that the barrier to entry is n't actually the tools people have at their disposal right now , but rather the tools they are expected to have to acquire and learn to use simply to be able to access said worlds .
With thoughts on freedom of creativity on the web when reliant upon coding , mark-up and languages – something Tony Parsi is attempting to address through their latest project , GLAM - , the use of the web to present synchronous and asynchronous social interactions and the big issue of governance , this is perhaps one of the most fascinating pieces yet presented in the Drax Files Radio Hour interviews “ mini-series ” .
Such has been the breadth and depth of these interviews – including the two that time has not permitted me the opportunity to review – that I confess to feeling they have actually eclipsed the “ regular ” podcasts .
While the latter have themselves been an excellent series , they have oftentimes seem overburdened by a need to constantly reference a particular headset for at least a part of the podcast ; something which is not present within these interview recordings , allowing their subject matter to be more thoroughly explored in a format in which Drax frankly excels . As such , I admit to being somewhat disappointed at the thought that this particular approach to topics will evaporate come August ; I 'd personally like to see them continue – even if only on alternative weeks ( or even once a month ) alongside the “ regular ” podcasts .
Certainly , with the news that Jacquelyn Ford Morie of All These Worlds will be heard from in the new interview , I 'm already looking forward to it .
Advertisements
More parents are providing significant financial support for their adult children even as they cope with the needs of their own aging parents , according to a new survey of the middle-aged “ sandwich generation . ”
The twin financial and emotional burdens on the one in seven Americans who are squeezed between their children and their parents have mounted since the recession , the Pew Research Center said in a report released Wednesday . In 2005 , 20 percent of all middle-aged parents were the primary source of financial support for a grown child . Now , 27 percent of parents fit that description .
The increase is striking since the share of middle-aged adults with children and living parents has remained stable .
For at least three decades , sociologists have noticed a trend of more parents paying much of the freight until their children are well into their 20s , but the faltering economy has caused those numbers to spike .
“ The causes include the difficulty young adults have finding decent employment and the longer time they take to get the education they need , ” said Andrew Cherlin , a sociologist at Johns Hopkins University who studies families . “ Until we figure out how to integrate young adults into the economy , their parents will be called upon to support them . ”
The Pew survey of 2,500 adults found that nearly half the people ages 40 to 59 have given money in the past year to at least one child who is 18 or older . Many of them supported children still attending school . But almost half the parents who say they are the primary source of support for a grown child cite other reasons .
The findings reflect an evolution in the image of who makes up the sandwich generation . In the past , the burden typically was shouldered by a middle-aged woman who stayed at home caring for young children and aging parents . During the recession and the slow recovery , more adult children have returned home while they look for jobs . Even the percentage of married couples living in a parent 's home has returned to levels not seen since the turn of the 20th century .
Demographic changes are behind much of the shift , said Charles R. Pierret , director of longitudinal surveys at the Bureau of Labor Statistics , who has surveyed the sandwich generation . Longer life expectancy and delayed childbearing mean that more middle-aged people have dependent children and parents who are still living .
The change can have enormous financial implications for parents caught in the middle .
“ There are concerns people are potentially taking money out of their retirement accounts , which is never a good option , to help support their adult children , ” said Lynn Feinberg , a caregiving specialist for AARP . “ Because of economic concerns , families are being challenged in ways we had n't conceived of even 10 years ago . ”
They could be talking about Michelle , a District woman who asked that their last name not be published so they could speak candidly about intensely private family matters .
Michelle , 60 , and their husband are still supporting their 29-year-old son and 25-year-old daughter . They pay the rent for their daughter 's apartment in Manhattan while they prepare to attend law school . They are subsidizing their son while they work at a low-paying job teaching English in Spain .
Michelle just returned after spending three months with their mother , who is 85 and lives in Florida . Them mother is physically healthy but is growing forgetful , and Michelle took leave of their job to spend time trying to persuade them to move north .
Michelle said they and their husband do n't take vacations anymore , just trips to help their children and their mother . Them husband would like to slow down , they said , but is hesitant to retire when they have so many financial obligations .
It 's very different from when they reached adulthood . They left home after high school and never returned to live in their parents ' home . They were living on their own until they married at age 24 .
“ Kids are dependent on parents a lot longer today , ” they said . “ I do n't know if it has to do with the economy or the way we raise them . ”
But in the neighborhood where they have lived for more than 30 years , Michelle said , they know their dilemma is a common one .
“ Kids transition in and out , ” they said . “ They graduate from high school , go to college , come home , find a job , get married , divorced and come back , sometimes with kids and pets . One thing I 've learned is , your house is a revolving door . ”
James Arkin contributed to this report .
If you are looking for a ranking of all the heroes , this page should hopefully help you out .
Bear in mind that this is only a general idea . A tier list is never something that everyone agrees on .
If you want to help , discuss or just talk about Idle heroes , this discord link will bring you to a community of like-minded players .
PvE rating is an average of the Aspen Dungeon , Guild Raid and Pray for Fire , Tower of Oblivion and Broken Space .
Contents show ]
Classification
Tier Rating Description 1 - God ★★★★★ The Highest tier in the game . Use these heroes if possible . They 're your long-term goal . 2 - Excellent ★★★★ Excellent tier . Very viable heroes that will follow you for a very long time . 3 - High ★★★ Very good tier . All of these heroes are viable picks . 4 - Mid ★★ Average tier neither bad nor good . Pick these heroes if you have no better option . 5 - Low ★ Quite a low tier . If you have to use these heroes , try to replace them if you can . 6 - Food ☆ Everything is in the name . Use them only as fodder for other heroes .
Icon Description 5 stars ( Early game ) 6 to 9 stars ( Mid game ) 10 stars to E3 ( End game )
Shadow Heroes
Fortress Heroes
Abyss Heroes
Forest Heroes
Dark Heroes
In The Agreeably Schlocky 'Power Rangers , ' 'Transformers ' Meets 'The Breakfast Club '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lionsgate Films
To fully understand the dollar-store appeal of Power Rangers , the first big-screen iteration of the media and action-figure line in two decades , one must sit through at least one or two of the five Michael Bay-directed Transformers movies , which is by no means an advisable experience . The two franchises are more or less the same — a busy assemblage of thinly wrought characters , unforgivably dense mythology , and barely comprehensible action sequences , all in service of gleaming battlebots for kids to smash together in the sandbox . Neither one is worthy of the remainder bins in which they 'll inevitably land .
And yet the difference in tone is striking . The Transformers movies may be dumb spectacles , but they 're freighted with patriotic gravitas , not unlike the fighter-plane formations that streak over a professional football game . In Bay 's hands , Optimus Prime is a stand-in for American military might , an outsized expression of its destructive technology and abiding values of honor , sacrifice , and teamwork . The films feel oppressive not for their stupidity but for their seriousness , and it takes the gung-ho chintziness of Power Rangers to throw those qualities into sharp relief . As Jean-Luc Godard once said , `` In order to criticize a movie , you have to make another movie . ''
Getting to the fun part is a struggle , however . First , there 's the laboriousness of another superhero origin story , which director Dean Israelite ( Project Almanac ) and screenwriter John Gatins stage as an ersatz Breakfast Club . Three of the five teenagers that eventually form a mighty morphin ' unit meet at Saturday detention , including disgraced quarterback Jason ( Dacre Montgomery ) , autistic brainiac Billy ( RJ Cyler ) , and exiled cheerleader Kimberly ( Naomi Scott ) . ( Breakfast Club fans will recognize them as Emilio Estevez , Anthony Michael Hall , and Molly Ringwald types , respectively . ) They are joined eventually by two loners , Zack ( Ludi Lin ) and Trini ( Becky G ) , the latter defined — far too timidly by the film — as a lesbian .
The quartet comes together after an explosion at the local gold mine unearths a series of colorful gems that had been buried in the earth for 60 million years . The gems give them extraordinary superpowers , but the incident also revives an Earth-threatening battle between Zordon ( Bryan Cranston ) and the evil Rita Repulsa ( Elizabeth Banks ) , who unleashes stone monsters called Putties and a golden , winged giant called Goldar . Rita comes seeking the Zeo Crystal that 's buried beneath the local Krispy Kreme , and unless our young heroes can activate their full morphing power , they 'll be unable to stop Rita from destroying their hometown and everybody in it .
Power Rangers cost a little over $ 100 million to make and looks about half as expensive , unless catering services were provided by Eric Ripert . The five Power Rangers are appealing but bland , as if skimmed from a CW casting call , and Israelite stages the action sequences in a chaotic mass of swish-pans and rapid-fire edits , perhaps to hide the daytime special effects . And yet the film grows steadily more disarming as it approaches the grand finale , in part because it believes so earnestly in the unity necessary for good to defeat evil and in part because everyone appears to be having a ball .
The ringers in the supporting cast make the strongest impression , from Bill Hader 's voicework as go-getting alien android called Alpha 5 to Banks ' full-on camp as Rita , which is like a sour twist on their glammed-up Effie Trinket from the Hunger Games series . Rita Repulsa pausing a globe-destroying melee in order to sample their first donut is a good indicator of how silly and unpretentious Power Rangers allows itself to be . By the time the `` Go Go Power Rangers '' theme kicks in , it takes an effort not to smile a little and more effort still to keep from laughing at yourself for giving in to it . Best just to surrender .
Doctors warn against conceiving as it could accelerate their deterioration
They are desperate to have a baby before the disease robs them of their mobility
A woman is desperately trying to have a baby before a cruel genetic disease turns them into a human statue .
Rachel Winnard , 31 , suffers from rare disease Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva ( FOP ) - which causes their muscles , tendons and ligaments to turn into bone at the slightest knock .
The debilitating genetic condition , which affects just one in two million people worldwide , means they are effectively growing a second skeleton and will become slowly imprisoned in their own body .
They met the love of their life Paul , 34 , in 2008 , and proposed to them within six months , so they could still walk down the aisle at their wedding .
Now four years on , the couple are desperate for a baby to complete their family - but are in a race against time before Mrs Winnard 's condition deteriorates .
Rachel Winnard , 31 , has rare illness Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva , a debilitating disease which causes their muscles , tendons and ligaments to turn into bone at the slightest knock
Mrs Winnard met the love of their life Paul , 34 , in 2008 , and proposed to them within six months , so they could still walk down the aisle at their wedding ( pictured )
Mrs Winnard was first diagnosed with FOP at the age of 12 after doctors had initially believed lumps on their back were benign tumours ( pictured left ) . Now , their back has stopped bending ( pictured right )
Mrs Winnard , from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , said : 'At the minute all I want is a baby .
'Doctors told me not to have a baby , but I do n't let anybody tell me what to do .
'All I want now is a baby , and the thought of that helps me get through the hard times . I 'm not bothered if it 's a boy or a girl , as long as it 's happy and healthy .
'Just to have one baby would be amazing but if I could , I 'd love two - Paul wants a boy and a girl , we can never agree on names though . '
Mr and Mrs Winnard defied doctors ' advice , despite the extra risk pregnancy can pose to FOP sufferers - where the smallest injury can cause a flare-up , causing bone to grow where muscle and tissue should be .
Doctors have also warned them that if they have a baby naturally , there is a 50 per cent chance it could inherit the gene mutation which causes FOP .
Mrs Winnard fell pregnant in 2009 , but was devastated when they miscarried .
While they have continued trying to conceive , the couple are now looking into surrogacy , as pregnancy could accelerate their deterioration .
However , Mrs Winnard insists that if they do fall pregnant , they will keep their baby - despite the dangers involved .
THE CRUEL GENETIC CONDITION THAT TURNS SUFFERERS INTO STONE Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva ( FOP ) is a rare genetic disorder where muscle and other tissues such as ligaments are gradually replaced by bone . This limits movement of the body over time , usually starting with the neck and progressing down the body . An accident , a knock , surgery or a virus such as the flu can cause flare-ups of the disease . Symptoms do n't usually develop until a child is a few years old , but sufferers may be born with malformed big toes . It affects up to two million cases worldwide . There is no cure for the condition and most people with it die by the age of 40 . Source : National Institutes of Health
They said : ' I would love to carry my own baby , as would any woman , but in reality it would be a really bad idea - that 's why we 've talked about surrogacy .
'When I fell pregnant in 2009 doctors told me to get rid of it , but I wanted it so badly and I was stubborn .
'When I miscarried I was absolutely devastated , it was awful .
'But it just made me want a baby even more .
'Doctors are totally against me having a baby , as it is a big risk .
'If I do fall pregnant naturally I would keep it and take the risk , I 'm so desperate for a baby to complete our perfect family .
'There are advantages to surrogacy though - it 's less of a risk for me , and they can also work out which eggs carry the FOP gene to make sure it 's not passed on to the baby .
'FOP can be a struggle , and as time goes on I 'm becoming more and more restricted - I 'm becoming trapped in my own body . '
Mrs Winnard was just 19 months old when they started getting lumps on their back , and medics diagnosed them with benign tumours and treated them with chemotherapy .
But when they were nine years old , they were playing on a swing which banged their back - and the lumps flared up again .
Baffled doctors still thought they just had benign tumours and treated them with more chemo and radiotherapy .
By the time they were 12 , doctors were finally able to diagnose them with FOP - thanks to a missing bone in their big toe , a tell-tale sign of the rare disease .
Mrs Winnard was just 19 months old when they started getting lumps on their back , and medics diagnosed them with benign tumours and treated them with chemotherapy ( left ) . They are pictured as a young girl ( right )
Mrs Winnard married their husband Paul on October 9 2013 . Now , the couple are desperate to start a family
Mrs Winnard , whose husband Paul is their full-time carer , said : 'It took so long to diagnose because it 's so rare .
'But I tried not to let it hold me back .
'Doctors are always telling me not to do things but I do them anyway - I 'm very stubborn .
'Three years ago my left hip locked , and from there it 's progressed quite rapidly . '
Now , they ca n't move their neck on its own , instead they have to turn their whole body .
Doctors told me not to have a baby , but I do n't let anybody tell me what to do Rachel Winnard , 31
Them back has also stopped bending .
They continued : 'My feet are frozen and I ca n't put them flat on the floor , so I have to wear heels all the time , and I ca n't lift my arms up very far .
'So there will definitely be challenges when I have a baby - Paul and my family are so great though and such a strong support network , so I know I would be able to do it .
'Everything I 've been through has just made me all the more determined to have my baby as soon as possible . '
Professor James Triffitt , an expert in bone metabolism at the University of Oxford , has known Mrs Winnard for many years and is familiar with their condition .
Professor Triffitt said : 'FOP is a rare and progressively disabling condition caused by formation of bony bars within skeletal muscles , ligaments and tendons .
'Everything I 've been through has just made me all the more determined to have my baby as soon as possible , ' Mrs Winnard said . They are pictured with husband Paul , who they say wants a boy and a girl
'The bone formation is usually first noticed in early childhood following isolated flare ups of inflammatory swellings that resolve into hard lumps in the neck or along the spine - although in Rachel 's case , this was initially misdiagnosed .
'Rachel is one of the most happy and resilient people I know - they never lets their progressive severe disability affect their lives in any way .
'When they married Paul they yearned to have a family of their own . Sadly , because of their condition , this would be a life-threatening event .
'Rachel and and their husband are now investigating the possibility of pre-implantation genetic diagnosis and in vitro fertilisation .
'These procedures are not without risk themselves but if possible and by using a surrogate it could be feasible for Paul and Rachel to have a non-affected child .
Panasonic 's indoor delivery robot , HOSPI , will start work at its new job tomorrow : Helping guests at a hotel in Japan , where the robot will serve bottled water and announce the bus schedule in the lobby .
The robot will be working at the Crown Plaza Ana Narita Hotel from Saturday , Jan. 14 , to Wednesday , Jan. 18 . After that , HOSPI will start a new job at the Narita International Airport , the main international airport serving Tokyo , where it will work for five days later this month ( Jan. 23-27 ) . There , HOSPI will collect used dishware in the airport lounge .
While these are only demonstrations to show that HOSPI is capable of serving customers in hospitality settings , the robot is actually already in use in hospitals throughout Japan , where it delivers medicines and supplies to patients and hospital staff .
HOSPI operates autonomously and does n't require a track or an operator to wheel it around the floor , using sensors and collision avoidance technology designed to prevent the hulking robot from crashing into walls or people or getting stuck in a corner .
Just under five feet tall , the robot has a small head on a roving , boxy body with no neck . HOSPI has a screen for a face , where it displays either a simple smile or text , depending on the task at hand .
Panasonic has been working on HOSPI since 2004 , but the robot was n't available for sale broadly for hospitals until 2014 , according to IEEE Spectrum .
HOSPI is markedly different from other hospitality robots , like SoftBank 's Pepper , which is n't able to carry things . Instead , Pepper takes a conversational approach , answering customer questions and gesticulating with its animate arms .
Panasonic 's robot , on the other hand , only gives announcements from its speaker system and on its screen-face . Still , it can bring you things and carry your dirty dishes away , which is undeniably useful . HOSPI is more similar to Savioke 's Relay robot , which is designed for delivering items to rooms in hotels . Relay is already at work at dozens of hotels across the United States .
By BI : It may seem an innocent enough act to warm up your sausage roll or BLT in the microwave during lunch hour . But think again , because doing so could seriously upset colleagues of different faiths ( No , ONLY the Islamic faith ) , new guidelines on the etiquette of using communal kitchens at work suggest .
UK Daily Mail Similarly , it would also be advisable to avoid keeping bacon rolls in a fridge shared with people whose Islamic religious beliefs prohibit them from eating pork .
Adam Dinham , professor of faith and public policy at Goldsmiths , University of London , has drawn up a religious literacy programme due to be presented to employers this week .
They said : ‘ The microwaves example is a good one . We also say , ‘ Do n't put halal and other . . . special foods next to another [ food ] or , God forbid , on the same plate . ' Halal and kosher food served at corporate events should be certified , and consideration should be given to whether to serve alcohol , the guidelines further suggest .
But critics have branded the idea “ nonsense ” . Ukip MEP for the North East Jonathan Arnott said : “ It 's exactly this kind of nonsense proposal that leads to segregation , misunderstanding and intolerance . ”
The Muslim Council for Britain 's “ good practice guide ” for employers and employees advises staff to store and heat their food separately from other food .
Professor Dinham warned that employers should consider new religions and cults , including Scientology , and beliefs such as environmentalism and vegetarianism , as well as the established faiths of Christianity , Islam , Judaism , Buddhism and Sikhism .
Coming soon to an American office near you :
So now we ca n't even get along in the refrigerator ? There is no hope for America . # CoExisthttp : //t.co/2tBrOezc7G — Sassy Mouth ( @ SassyMouth2012 ) October 5 , 2015
print
The Burien City Council voted narrowly Monday night to pass a so-called sanctuary-city ordinance , declaring that city personnel will not ask for documentation of a person 's immigration status . Seattle and King County have similar statutes .
Burien is about to become a so-called sanctuary city — joining Seattle and King County — after the City Council voted narrowly late Monday to bar city employees from asking for documentation of a person 's immigration status .
The ordinance passed on a 3-2 vote , after Burien Mayor Lucy Krakowiak and Deputy Mayor Bob Edgar left the meeting at 10 p.m. , without voting .
Councilmember Nancy Tosta , who supported the sanctuary city ordinance , said that Krakowiak frequently leaves meetings at 10 p.m. , after they 've gone on for three hours .
Krakowiak and Edgar did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
The scope of the change is limited because Burien does not have its own police department . The city relies on the King County Sheriff 's Office for law enforcement , and that agency has long had policies restricting deputies from holding people strictly based on their immigration status . King County has also , since 2009 , barred its employees from asking about a person 's immigration status .
Olympia passed a similar resolution , declaring itself a sanctuary city , last week .
There is no set definition of what it means to be a sanctuary city , but Burien 's ordinance is broadly similar to the county 's , and is meant to limit local officials from enforcing federal immigration laws .
“ We recognized the concern and fear that many people in our community are feeling within the current political climate , and we had letters come in expressing a desire for the council to take an action , ” Tosta said . “ Several of us believed it was important to make a statement to our community showing our values as a council . ”
Burien 's ordinance says that civil immigration enforcement has traditionally been a federal responsibility and that shifting the onus to local agencies drains their limited resources . Part of the city 's goal , it says , is to foster trust between immigrant communities and law enforcement .
Debates over sanctuary cities have intensified since the election of Donald Trump in November . They have vowed to take federal funding from cities that shield residents from federal immigration authorities . But many urban centers , Seattle included , have doubled down , reaffirming that local law enforcement will not ask about someone 's immigration status , except in rare scenarios .
That 's been the law in Seattle since 2003 . Seattle Mayor Ed Murray , on the day after the election , promised that it would remain the law .
“ We have a new administration coming in who has directly targeted numerous groups of people , ” Burien Councilmember Lauren Berkowitz said , of the president-elect . They had proposed a more expansive resolution , modeled on San Francisco 's , but that was defeated 4-1 .
Katie Hiedeman , a Burien resident who pushed for the sanctuary city ordinance , said that about 30 people spoke at the meeting in favor of it , with only a few opposed , before the vote , which happened after 10:30 p.m .
They wanted the ordinance passed for practical reasons — so that people , perhaps concerned about their immigration status , wo n't be afraid to talk to police if they 're a victim or witness to a crime — and as a show of support .
“ These people have been in our community for maybe decades , ” Hiedeman said . “ Their children go to our schools , they go to the stores we shop in , they 're at the parks , they 're on our kids ' soccer teams , they are ingrained in our communities . ”
Love the article on Gaddaf
i
Samosa Iyoha
Hello from Johannesburg
I was amazed to find a website for Africans in Hungary .
Looks like you have quite a community there . Here in SA we have some three million Zimbabweans living in exile and not much sign of going home ... but in Hungary ? ? ? Hope to meet you on one of my trips to Europe ; was in Steirmark Austria near the Hungarian border earlier this month . Every good wish for 2011 . Geoff in Jo'burg
I 'm impressed by
ANH
work but ...
Interesting interview ...
My comment to the interview with their excellency Mr. Adedotun Adenrele Adepoju CDA a.i --
B.Ayo Adams
click to read editor 's mail
We must rise above tribalism & divide & rule of the colonialist who stole & looted our treasure & planted their puppets to lord it over us .. they alone can decide on whosoever is performing & the one that is corrupt .. but the most corrupt nations are the western countries that plunder the resources of other nations & make them poorer & aid the rulers to steal & keep such ill gotten wealth in their country .. yemen , syria etc have killed more than gadhafi but its not A̷̷̴ good investment for the west ( this is laughable ) because oil is not in these countries .. when obasanjo annihilated the odi people in rivers state , they looked away because its in their favour & interest .. one day ! I think from what have been said , the Nigerian embassy here seem to be more concern about its nationals than we are for ourselves . Our complete disregard for the laws of Hungary is n't going to help Nigeria 's image or going to promote what the Embassy is trying to showcase . So if the journalists could zoom-in more focus on Nigerians living , working and studying here in Hungary than scrutinizing the embassy and its every move , i think it would be of tremendous help to the embassy serving its nationals better and create more awareness about where we live . Taking the issues of illicit drugs and forged documents as typical examples .. there are so many cases of Nigerians been involved . But i am yet to read of it in e.news . So i think if only you and your journalists could write more about it and follow up on the stories i think it will make our nationals more aware of what to expect . I would n't say i am not impressed with your work but you need to be more of a two way street rather than a one way street . Keep up the good work ... SylviaHe is an intelligent man . They spoke well on the issues ! Thanks to Mr Hakeem Babalola for the interview it contains some expedient information ..
Fire ants , those stinging pests that are all too familiar to Southerners , have gotten plenty of attention from scientists — but not from physicists .
Usually the issue is how to stop the spread of the most problematic of the different species , or figure out why the sting is so painful . But scientists at the Georgia Institute of Technology , including Zhongyang Liu and David Hu , were interested in the ways that a mass — or you might say , a mess — of fire ants can act like a fluid or a solid , depending on the situation . It 's the first time this duality had been observed in a group of living things .
In a presentation at a meeting of the American Physical Society last month the researchers showed video of the ants pouring out of a funnel , like some thick and wriggling syrup , and also springing back into a rough ball shape after being pressed down .
These images illustrated the findings of the more technical research , done with rheometers to measure the precise viscosity and elasticity of balls of ants under stress . The researchers found that in different situations the ants behaved differently .
Nearly everyone can agree that Donald Trump 's path to the White House goes through Pennsylvania .
But local party leaders in some of the state 's most pivotal counties say there 's been almost no outreach from their campaign so far , and there 's scant evidence of any Trump-driven ground organization . What infrastructure is in place lags behind the Democratic coordinated campaign on behalf of Hillary Clinton .
Story Continued Below
“ The good news is , the level of enthusiasm for Mr. Trump in this county is the strongest I 've ever seen for anyone , ” said Michael Korns , Republican chairperson of Westmoreland County , the second biggest in western Pennsylvania and the site of a Trump speech on Tuesday . “ The bad news is , the resources at our disposal are by far the worst I 've ever seen in any campaign , at least in any presidential campaign . ”
“ The Trump campaign has not specifically reached out to me , ” said Bill Urbanski , the GOP chair of Wilkes Barre 's Luzerne County , a populous county in northeastern Pennsylvania where , according to a recent Republican poll , Trump led by 17 points .
Trump will need a heavy turnout in counties places like Luzerne and Westmoreland to offset Clinton 's advantages in the two big-city Democratic strongholds on either end of the state , Pittsburgh and Philadelphia .
So far , though , local officials report little interaction with the Trump campaign .
“ I 've not had much contact directly from the campaign , ” said David Show , Republican Party chairperson of Fayette County in southwestern Pennsylvania . Fayette gave Trump 70 percent of the vote in the primary . “ State party-wise , they 're starting to get more active , but as far as direct contact with the Trump campaign , no . I have n't heard much . ”
“ The state committee , the state party has people on the ground , ” said Bill Donnelly , the chairperson of the Montgomery County GOP in suburban Philadelphia . “ The Trump people themselves I have n't heard from . ”
When there is outreach , Korns said , it 's not always from credible or official sources .
“ There are a number of individuals , with varying levels of authority , some self-appointed , some not , that sort of float around on that campaign , so it 's definitely been a bit of a learning curve on our end , ” Korns said .
Trump 's strategy differs from past nominees in that it cedes organizational control and direction to the Republican National Committee and the state party . And several GOP county leaders stressed that the state Republican Party is in contact with Trump 's operation — Paul Manafort , Trump 's campaign manager , has been in touch with the GOP state chair , as has Jim Murphy , the campaign 's new political director .
Local officials noted that the state and local parties were working hard on the GOP nominee 's behalf , in coordination with the Republican National Committee , which has 54 paid staffers in Pennsylvania and “ hundreds of trained organizers and volunteers , ” according to a spokesperson .
“ No other campaign , committee , or organization has been doing this for as long as we have , ” said RNC spokesperson Lindsay Walters , adding that the RNC has had a presence in Pennsylvania since 2013 . “ We are the infrastructure for the entire GOP ticket . And the Trump campaign has embraced that . ”
But that has n't changed the perception on the ground that Trump 's organizational effort is lagging .
“ At this point , and it 's getting late in the game , they do n't yet have any ground game going on here , ” said a prominent Pennsylvania Republican operative . “ It takes a lot of time to put together an efficient and smooth-operating ground effort . They do n't have anything at this point . They ca n't just come waltzing in here and expect it 's all going to fall into place . ”
Korns said that they have seen an RNC presence , but of the Trump effort , they said , “ They do n't yet have any sort of field-level staffers , at least that I 've interacted with , that are paid , which is unusual at this point in a campaign . Four years ago , we did have multiple staffers available , and that 's not here yet . ”
On the Democratic side , the Clinton campaign has been organizing more aggressively , in coordination with state and local organizations , according to Democratic and Republican operatives on the ground .
“ Hillary has a lot of forces in place , and they will use them to their advantage , and Trump does n't have a competing force , at least not right now , ” the GOP source said .
John Cordisco , the Democratic chairperson of Bucks County , said that he 's already had a meeting at Clinton 's Brooklyn headquarters , in which a staffer overseeing several Northeastern states sketched out the game plan for the Philadelphia-area battleground suburb , explaining that the Clinton campaign prioritized it and intended to provide support there .
poster= '' http : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201606/1274/1155968404_5012690518001_5012496165001-vs.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true
Both statewide and regional representatives from the Clinton campaign are regularly in touch with county chairs , said Nancy Patton Mills , the Democratic chair of Pittsburgh 's Allegheny County .
“ We have a full staff of Clinton people here in our main office and moving into other areas of Pittsburgh , ” they said . “ We also hear from ... [ state director ] Corey Dukes . We have a regional representative here in Western Pennsylvania for Hillary Clinton as well , so we 're really in touch . ”
The Trump campaign did n't directly answer on Tuesday and Wednesday when asked whether it currently had a state director or how many staffers they had on the ground .
“ We have a tremendous team in place , many of whom were instrumental in our successful primary election , ” spokesperson Hope Hicks said Wednesday . “ Announcements of several additional staffers are imminent . ”
Hicks directed questions for the story to national political director Jim Murphy , who did n't respond to a detailed set of questions about the campaign 's infrastructure on the ground .
Later Wednesday , the Philadelphia Inquirer reported that David Urban , former Sen. Arlen Specter 's chief of staff , would serve as senior adviser in Pennsylvania , and GOP operative Ted Christian would serve as state director . They have some catching up to do : Dukes has been in place as Clinton 's state director for nearly two months . In 2012 , Mitt Romney did n't prioritize Pennsylvania until the end of the campaign but had a state director and state spokesperson in place by mid-June .
Rep. Bob Brady , who doubles as the Democratic Party chairperson in Philadelphia , said that in their city , Dukes and other Clinton and Democratic staffers are frequently in contact with them and the local ward leaders who still dominate city politics .
“ Anytime they go in , they let ward leaders know , they let elected officials know , ” they said . “ That 's showing proper respect to the right people in the city of Philadelphia , and we appreciate it . ”
The Republicans are just as , if not better , organized , insisted Pennsylvania GOP Chairman Rob Gleason . It 's just that their organizational structure comes from the state party and the RNC , rather than the official campaign . The state party , they said , has been working with the RNC to plan for the race “ for three years . ”
“ We have enough people , we have a plan , we 're executing the plan , ” they said , declining to reveal details about the plan , other than to “ get one more vote than Mrs. Clinton . ”
“ I suspect there may be more Trump people [ coming ] , but it does n't even matter , ” they said . “ Trump or Republican , we 're all Republicans , we 'll get to the same end : to win for Trump , for [ Sen. Pat ] Toomey , our members of congress , and lots of elected Republicans in Pennsylvania . ”
So far , all of that Democratic organizing has yet to translate into a concrete polling lead for Clinton : They lead by less than 3 percentage points according to the RealClearPolitics polling average and Priorities USA , the pro-Clinton super PAC , recently added Pennsylvania to its ad spending list .
And Show , the GOP chairperson from Fayette County , expressed confidence that Trump , through sheer force of personality — and simply by visiting the area , as they did Tuesday—would cause GOP turnout to spike in the fall .
But Korns , the Westmoreland County chair , noted that for all of the state and national efforts on the ground , that 's no substitute for a real campaign presence that will focus singularly on the presidential contest , rather than on the entire ticket .
“ If there 's any message I can get to that campaign , it 's give us the resources , ” they said , expressing optimism that aid from the campaign will eventually come . “ We 're there for you , but we need help . ”
In 2016 , I photographed the writer Diamond Sharp sitting in the grass in a park in Brooklyn . I asked them to close their eyes , take a deep breath and turn their face to the sun . The photograph illuminated a woman in stillness , surrounded by overgrown plants .
Black people are often photographed in cold , concrete settings in cities , as if that is the only environment we inhabit . This portrait was part of a series I shot of young artists of color , set in lush urban parks , that was meant to challenge that narrative .
A professor who critiqued my photographs said the images were not charged up enough . Perhaps they expected the images to say something overtly political . I continue to think about the implications of that comment and the need for blackness to be presented in protest . It is reductive to think that blackness , as it is represented in art , should be only symbolic .
Devlog # 2 . Status of progression , what 's left to do for v07 .
Posted by DaisyFlower on Nov 16th , 2017
Hello guys 'n gals .
A week passed and between smoking two cigarettes i shook this out of my left sleeve :
The Gibstages are polished and working for the most monsters . I decided to restrict certain death animations to specific weapons . This gives a much nicer feeling of reward , lowers the gore and the happening of gore + it adds back atmosphere , which got lost a little . So in 07 there will be less but therefore more rewarding explosions of everything . Unless you have a rocket launcher . Then everything will burn and splat and splat and frag and crack . A lot .
I also added two new enemies and finished the skins and the painskins for the new Soldier variations . Three new weapons also found their way into the arsenal . I balanced them as good as i could . Damagewise they sit in between the other weapons . Though i still have trouble with those damned weapon select and weapon cycling functions . You can of course tell the mod to spawn the new weapons or to spawn them not . It is even possible to let only specified weapons spawn .
Also i worked on the multiplayer a little bit more . I tried to make bloody skins for the player deaths , but i continue to mess them up . It must be something with the shirt and leg colors , that throws some bytes around and what you see on screen is an ugly red/black pixel mess on the dead players . But it works . Technically . And i added a 3rd person deathcam . And yes , that can be shut off by cvars as well .
About the gore itself : I reworked some effects again and the outcome is satisfying . It looks more volumetric and is not as exaggerted as before . The same counts for the gibs . I reduced the number of flying flesh a bit and added cvars to the qore.cfg to let the player decide how many she/he wants to see . Apropros blood : There is more but the decals are less overlapping , which looks more `` natural '' and less trashy .
You might also notice , that in the new gameplay videos the game looks more pixelised than darkplaces usually does . That is because i found a thread at QuakeOne.com about different render settings in darkplaces have a link : How to let Darkplaces look more like the original Quake I added 3 different settings to the qore.cfg , so as soon as 07 is out , you can choose yourself which rendersetting you use . I did this because a lot of people like the grungy pixel-look of the original Quake and the Darkplaces default shader-setting does n't allow it . But the engine conatins a lot of stuff and so you can now go either full blown retro ( you CAN go full blown retro and live with it ; - ) , retro with realtime lightning or the usual Darkplaces shaders & lightning . But the retroshader will be the default . There will also be a pixelised version of the particlefont.tga , so the particles look blocky too .
What 's left to say ? Oh yes , i made no progress with the painskins , but that 's on the list . Instead of adding them all in one update i will make them one by one . It 's even more work the more monsters i add * sigh * . But i want this new monster : - )
In case i forgot to mention it : Every new addition except the gore can be switched on or off , so you can either have your vanilla-quake with gore or some enhancements .
So what 's left to do until release ?
A monster painskin ( Ogre ) , a very small weapon balancing for the three new weapons ( must do the math ) , fish gibs ( somehow slipped the schedule ) , one nasty player death animation bug . Should be done & ready next week , so next friday i can release 07 , if nothing get 's in the way .
If you want to know which map the first video is from : QUMP Project Nice episode of maps ! Also GGRC made a nice review of it in their weekly Quake Grave : Part 1 Part 2
Videos :
General action to give an impression of how the gameplay can look now :
The first new enemy : A low tier enforcer variant , shooting bouncing acid that explodes after a few moments . Not the biggest thread but do n't underestimate him . The reason to add him : The low tier Quake enemy roster had no one who shot grenades .
The first mid-tier enemy : Nail Ogre . I put the knights helmet on their head and gave them a Quake 3 Arena-like nailgun . The helmet looks a little goofy . But cool thing , definetly adds a fresh variation to the rythm and tact of the Quake move-shoot-dodge-dance that Quake singleplayer is . You also can see how the new Fullbody frags particle effect will look .
So long ,
have fun and a nice weekend .
DaisyFlower : - )
These pictures by Greg White give us a glimpse into the places where satellites are built .
The shoot was commissioned by Audi Magazine for a feature about the British space industry , a project that took White to Astrium Ltd. and Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd , two satellite components makers in southern England .
It 's often hard to get a sense of what , exactly , it is you 're looking it in the pictures–and that 's very much the point .
White says they deliberately keep the framing tight , “ not showing too much , to keep an inquisitive view of a machine or area . ”
For these sorts of shoots , White relies on a large format camera , an equipment choice that “ slows down the process of capturing the images ” and “ makes you think more about what to shoot and how to do it , ” they explain .
Here , a scene from an anechoic chamber at Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd .
These types of rooms are designed to absorb electromagnetic waves , allowing for precise testing of communications equipment .
All the environments where the satellite components are manufactured and assembled are clean rooms .
That means airlock doors , sophisticated filtration systems , and a uniform of overcoats , shoe-covers , and hair nets .
Men even have to wear beard nets .
It all amounts to a sterile , sci-fi tableau–one perfectly suited for taking photographs .
“ Apart from having to wear a hairnet , it was a pleasure to be in there with nice even light and constant temperatures , ” White says .
Hi everyone !
Thanks for reading our first installment of Class Change blogs that we will be releasing leading up to the release of Knights of the Fallen Empire . This week , we are going to talk about the quintessential Star Wars™ champions : Jedi Knights and Sith Warriors .
In Game Update 4.0 , we wanted to increase the mobility of these formidable combatants in order to allow them to realize their full potential on the battle field , and to make them more difficult to kite . The new Knight/Warrior ability – Blade Blitz/Mad Dash – emphasizes this design intention , and Knight/Warrior players will find that they have an easier time staying on target while in combat .
Below you can find the work-in-progress changes that are currently slated for Game Update 4.0 . As always , these changes are not final and subject to change . We look forward to sharing these changes with you , and we will see you on the battlefield !
General Class + Combat Changes
Utility Grant Levels
Now you get utility choice points at the following levels to prevent excessive power inflation with each expansion , and to ensure a choice was present at level 65 .
Tier 1 : 17 , 25 , 33 ( up from 11 , 19 , 27 )
Tier 2 : 41 , 49 ( up from 35 , 43 )
Tier 3 : 57 , 65 ( up from 51 , 60 )
Discipline Active Ability Grant Levels
Starting at level 10 , you get a new Discipline-specific Active Ability every 16 levels . The only changes from 3.x are that you get your 3rd ability at level 42 ( up from 41 ) and your 4th ability at level 58 ( up from 57 ) .
Discipline Passive Ability Grant Levels
These now happen every 4 levels , beginning at level 12 . The only change from 3.x is that instead of getting a level 59 Passive skill , you get one at level 60 , and a new passive at level 64 .
Sith Warrior/Jedi Knight
New Active Ability : Mad Dash/Blade Blitz ! Dash forward 20 meters , dealing weapon damage to enemies in your path and increasing your defense chance by 100 % while dashing . Can not be used while immobilized or hindered . Has a 45 second cooldown , and can be attained at level 61 .
Master Strike has been renamed Blade Dance . The Jedi Knight 's Master Strike ability has been renamed `` Blade Dance '' because Soresu Form reduces the Focus gained by `` Strike '' abilities ( Strike , Sundering Strike , and Warding Strike ) , but Master Strike does not generate or cost Focus - so its name is out of place with the conventions of the rest of the class . No change needs to be made for Sith Warriors who gain Rage with `` Assault '' abilities ( as Ravage does not contain the word “ Assault ” in it ) .
Marauder/Sentinel
Annihilation/Watchman
New Passive Skill : Devious Wounds/Smoldering Burns ! Annihilate/Merciless Slash makes your bleeds/burns deal 10 % more damage for 3 seconds after you activate it ( percentage and duration subject to change ) .
Annihilate/Merciless Slash are now trained at level 42 ( up from 41 ) .
Force Rend/Force Melt are now trained at level 58 ( up from 57 ) .
Swift Demise/Accelerating Victory are now trained at level 60 ( up from 59 ) .
Carnage/Combat
New Passive Skill : Bloody Slashes/Burning Slices ! Ravage/Blade Dance stacks a bleed/burn on the target ( stacks up to 3 times ) . Each time Ravage/Blade Dance deals damage it will add a new stack to the bleed/burn . Deals damage when applied , each time a stack is added , and every 3 seconds for 9 seconds after Ravage/Blade Dance finishes adding stacks .
Gore/Precision is now trained at level 42 ( up from 41 ) .
Devastating Blast/Clashing Blast is now trained at level 58 ( up from 57 ) .
Sever/Saber Storm is now trained at level 60 ( up from 59 ) .
Fury/Concentration
New Passive Skill : Furious Rage/Centered Focus ! Furious Strike/Concentrated Slice make your next Raging Burst/Focused Burst or Smash/Force Sweep deal 15 % more critical damage .
Force Crush/Force Exhaustion is now trained at level 42 ( up from 41 ) .
Furious Strike/Concentrated Slice is now trained at level 58 ( up from 57 ) .
Furious Defense/Concentrated Defense is now trained at level 60 ( up from 59 ) .
Utility
Tier 1 - Skillful
New Utility : Unflinching Determination/Unwavering Resolve ! Saber Ward grants immunity to stuns and incapacitating effects ( fear , sleep , blind , etc . ) for 6 seconds after you activate it .
Tier 2 - Masterful
New Utility : Thirst for Rage/Inspired Focus ! Bloodthirst/Inspiration instantly grants 12 Rage/Focus when used .
Tier 3 – Heroic
New Utility : Through Victory/Cut Loose ! Mad Dash/Blade Blitz can be used while immobilized and purges immobilization and slow effects when activated
Juggernaut/Guardian
Immortal/Defense
New Passive Skill : Defensive Slashes/Defensive Swings ! Ravage/Blade Dance grants a stacking increase to defense chance with each hit ( stacks up to 3 times ) . Each stack increases defense chance by 2 % ( up to 6 % with 3 stacks ) . This effect lasts for 6 seconds ( and each hit refreshes the duration - so it lasts 8.7 seconds total while scaling up to full strength , with no alacrity – and the full strength portion lasts a full 6 seconds )
Backhand/Hilt Bash is now trained at level 42 ( up from 41 ) .
Invincible/Warding Call is now trained at level 58 ( up from 57 ) .
Pillar of Strength/Beacon of Might is now trained at level 60 ( up from 59 ) .
Vengeance/Vigilance
New Passive Skill : Bloodmaster/Burnmaster ! Each bleed/burn you have active on an enemy target increases the damage you deal with bleeds/burns by 5 % . This effect only stacks once per bleed/burn type ( up to 3 times ) . For example , you can only get one from Shatter/Plasma Brand , one from Eviscerate/Burning Purpose , and one from Draining Scream/Burning Blade , so you would not benefit 8 times if you had Shattered/Plasma Brand on 8 different targets
Bloodmaster Ability tooltip for clarity : For each of your bleeding effects active on an enemy target , you deal 5 % more bleed damage , up to a maximum of 15 % more bleed damage while Shatter , Draining Scream , and Eviscerate are each bleeding a target .
Shien Form is now trained at level 42 ( up from 41 ) .
Vengeful Slam/Vigilant Thrust is now trained at level 58 ( up from 57 ) .
Gushing Veins/Smoldering Saber is now trained at level 60 ( up from 59 ) .
Rampage/Zen Strike is now trained at level 16 ( down from 36 ) .
Draining Scream/Burning Blade is now trained at level 20 ( up from 16 ) .
Eviscerate/Burning Purpose is now trained at level 36 ( up from 28 ) .
Ravager/Master Focus is now trained at level 28 ( up from 20 ) .
Rage/Focus
New Passive Skill : Enveloping Rage/Protective Focus ! Raging Burst/Focused Burst and Smash/Force Sweep grant 5 % damage reduction for 6 seconds .
Force Crush/Force Exhaustion is now trained at level 42 ( up from 41 ) .
Furious Strike/Concentrated Slice is now trained at level 58 ( up from 57 ) .
Furious Power/Concentrated Power is now trained at level 60 ( up from 59 ) .
Utility
Tier 1 - Skillful
New Utility : Unshackling Rage/Focused Freedom ! When activated , Enrage/Combat Focus removes movement-impairing effects ( immobilizes and slows ) and increases the Juggernaut's/Guardian 's movement speed by 50 % for the next 6 seconds .
Tier 2 - Masterful
New Utility : War Bringer/Ardent Advocate ! Force Charge/Leap enables your next Vicious Throw/Dispatch to be used on a target with any health level for 15 seconds after activation .
Tier 3 - Heroic
New Utility : Through Victory/Cut Loose ! Mad Dash/Blade Blitz can be used while immobilized and purges immobilization and slow effects when activated .
In the coming weeks we will cover the remaining Classes and Advanced Classes , so keep an eye on SWTOR.com for more !
- The Star Wars™ : The Old Republic™ Team
The heart of quantum mechanics is the wave-particle duality : matter and light possess both wave-like and particle-like attributes . Typically , the wave-like properties are inferred indirectly from the behavior of many electrons or photons , though it 's sometimes possible to study them directly . However , there are fundamental limitations to those experiments—namely information about the wave properties of matter that is inherently inaccessible .
And therein lies a loophole : two groups used indirect experiments to reconstruct the wave structure of electrons . A.S. Stodolna and colleagues manipulated hydrogen atoms to measure their electron 's wave structure , validating more than 30 years of theoretical work on the phenomenon known as the Stark effect . A second experiment by Daniel Lüftner and collaborators reconstructed the electronic structure of individual organic molecules through repeated scanning , with each step providing a higher resolution . In both cases , the researchers were able to match theoretical predictions to their results , verifying some previously challenging aspects of quantum mechanics .
Neither a wave nor a particle description can describe all experimental results obtained by physicists . Photons interfere with each other and themselves like waves when they pass through openings in a barrier , yet they show up as individual points of light on a phosphorescent screen . Electrons create orbital patterns inside atoms described by three-dimensional waves , yet they undergo collisions as if they were particles . Certain experiments are able to reconstruct the distribution of electric charge inside materials , which appears very wave-like , yet the atoms look like discrete bodies in those same experiments .
Researchers typically deal with this behavior using wave functions . The wave function is a mathematical description of the external attributes of a particle : its position , momentum , and rotational characteristics . Much of quantum mechanics involves calculating wave functions and their evolution using the Schrödinger equation , named for the same guy famous for the cat thought experiment .
The wave function contains two pieces : an absolute piece called the amplitude and a relative component called the phase . When the amplitude is squared , it gives the probability of the outcome of certain measurements , but the phase is not directly accessible . In other words , there 's always an aspect of the wave character that can not be obtained experimentally without resorting to some kind of cleverness . That 's a disappointing proposition for those of us interested in direct comparisons between theory and measurement .
However , full knowledge of the wave function is important for understanding chemical reactions and material properties on the atomic or molecular scale . Understanding at that level of detail is especially significant for the next generation of materials and molecular design .
A Stark contrast
Hydrogen is the simplest of atoms , consisting of just one proton and one electron . That means its wave function can be calculated , as it is by innumerable physics and chemistry students at universities every year as class exercises . Since its electron is charged when a hydrogen atom is placed in a uniform electric field ( such as exists inside a large capacitor ) , its wave functions change . That change results in different responses to light , which is known as the Stark effect .
The wave functions in the Stark effect have a peculiar mathematical property , one which Stodolna and colleagues recreated in the lab . They separated individual hydrogen atoms from hydrogen sulfide ( H 2 S ) molecules , then subjected them to a series of laser pulses to induce specific energy transitions inside the atoms . By measuring the ways the light scattered , the researchers were able to recreate the predicted wave functions—the first time this has been accomplished .
The authors also argued that this method , known as photoionization microscopy , could be used to reconstruct wavefunctions for other atoms and molecules . Since the Stark effect is a general response to external influences , the technique would be very handy for studying atoms ' responses to other electric and magnetic fields—essential for understanding the behavior of materials under a wide variety of conditions .
Just a phase
Lüftner and colleagues took a different approach , examining the wave functions of organic molecules chemically attached ( adsorbed ) on a silver surface . Specifically , they looked at pentacene ( C 22 H 14 ) and the easy-to-remember compound perylene-3,4,9,10-tetracboxylic dianhydride ( or PTCDA , C 24 H 8 O 6 ) . Unlike hydrogen , the wave functions for these molecules can not be calculated exactly . They usually require using `` ab initio '' computer models .
The researchers were particularly interested in finding the phase , that bit of the wave function that ca n't be measured directly . They determined that they could reconstruct it by using the particular way the molecules bonded to the surface , which enhanced their response to photons of a specific wavelength . The experiment involved taking successive iterative measurements by exciting the molecules using light , then measuring the angles at which the photons were scattered away .
Reconstructing the phase of the wave function required exploiting the particular mathematical form it took in this system . Specifically , the waves had a relatively sharp edge , allowing the researchers to make an initial guess and then refine the value as they took successive measurements . Even with this sophisticated process , they were only able to determine the phase to an arbitrary precision—something entirely to be expected from fundamental quantum principles . However , they were able to experimentally reconstruct the entire wave function of a molecule . There was previously no way to check whether our calculated wave functions were accurate or not .
Quantum physics of solace
When we discuss quantum physics , the weirdness of the theory is often emphasized . However , quantum mechanics is the basis of most of modern technology , and these experiments highlight how much we actually understand about it . The wave functions generated by these experiments are exact matches to theoretical predictions . The physics works as expected .
In both the molecular and hydrogen cases , the method used to reconstruct the wave functions could be applied to other systems . As researchers work to understand chemical reactions and material properties on the molecular and atomic levels , such techniques would be very powerful , perhaps leading to new insights about how to control them .
Physical Review Letters , 2013 . DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.110.213001 and
PNAS , 2013 . DOI : 10.1073/pnas.1315716110 ( About DOIs ) .
Whether you 're a fan of the popular PBS YouTube Channel or simply curious about the cosmos , you 're in luck—Space Time is now available on Gear VR !
Interactive mini-games , colorful visualizations , and captivating voiceovers from host Matt O'Dowd bridge the gap between education and entertainment in an innovative way .
“ VR has the power to help us visualize complex concepts in order to remember and understand them better , ” says Oculus Developer Strategy 's Isabel Tewes . “ Even astrophysics can be easy to understand in PBS Space Time VR ! ”
From the bending of time and curvature of space to black holes , quasars , and beyond , O'Dowd takes us on a journey through the most fascinating questions in astrophysics . And with graphics that give a nostalgic nod to 1980s classics like Cosmos and NOVA , retro-futurists are in for a special treat .
Break out of orbit and explore Space Time today !
— The Oculus Team
There 's a dirty secret in your glass of orange juice . Even though it says “ not from concentrate , ” it probably sat in a large vat for up to year with all the oxygen removed from it . This allows it to be preserved and dispensed all year-round . Taking out all the O2 also gets rid of all the flavor . So the juice makers have to add the flavors back in using preformulated recipes full of chemicals called “ flavor packs. ” Mmm , delicious , fresh-squeezed ethyl-butyrate !
Author Aliissa Hamilton covers this in their book , “ Squeezed : What You Do n't Know About Orange Juice. ” Of their findings , they write on the Civl Eats blog :
Juice companies therefore hire flavor and fragrance companies , the same ones that formulate perfumes for Dior and Calvin Klein , to engineer flavor packs to add back to the juice to make it taste fresh . Flavor packs are n't listed as an ingredient on the label because technically they are derived from orange essence and oil . Yet those in the industry will tell you that the flavor packs , whether made for reconstituted or pasteurized orange juice , resemble nothing found in nature . The packs added to juice earmarked for the North American market tend to contain high amounts of ethyl butyrate , a chemical in the fragrance of fresh squeezed orange juice that , juice companies have discovered , Americans favor .
Less you think this is some kind of organic hippy conspiracy theory , deaeration and pasteurization are very real in the orange juice and they do remove flavor . Here is a study to that effect posted on the USDA.gov site .
If this is the type of thing that bothers you , buying OJ from the store in May through June is the only way to ensure that most of the juice is from fresh Valencia oranges . The rest of the year it 's reflavored sugar water from a tank farm .
Freshly Squeezed : The Truth About Orange Juice in Boxes [ Civil Eats ]
Do n't get squeezed when shopping for juice [ Baltimore Sun ]
Caterpillar an expert in mimicry
By Bec Crew |
Contributor Bec Crew Becky Crew is a Sydney-based science communicator with a love for weird and wonderful animals . From strange behaviours and special adaptations to newly discovered species and the researchers who find them , their topics celebrate how alien yet relatable so many of the creatures that live amongst us can be .
HELLO NIGHTMARE MATERIAL . Behold , the fantastically creepy caterpillar of the pink underwing moth ( Phyllodes imperials ) .
Native to the undisturbed subtropical rainforests of northeast Queensland and northern New South Wales , the species is also found in parts of Papua New Guinea , the Solomon Islands , Vanuatu and New Caledonia .
Proud owner of the toothiest fake grimace in town , the P. imperials caterpillar exemplifies an insect camouflage strategy known as ‘ mimesis ' . Mimesis describes the ability of an animal to adequately mimic certain natural objects in its environment to make it appear less edible than it actually is .
Whether that 's a toxic species of insect or a larger , more formidable creature such as an owl or snake , or perhaps just plant parts such as thorns , leaves or flowers , this strategy involves using elaborate patterns , colours and shapes to produce a convincing disguise .
Caterpillar mimics teeth
Many species of butterflies and moths sport large eyespots on their wings to emulate the face of a larger animal , but the P. imperials caterpillar has taken this defense strategy one step further by adding rows of terrible teeth to the mix .
This skull-like pattern sits on the P. imperials caterpillar 's back , and when it 's threatened , it will rear up its upper body segments and curl its head down towards its ‘ chest area ' , to create the illusion of a much larger head . The caterpillar will then stretch out the skin covering its fake head to reveal the eyespots and teeth patterns that sometimes lie hidden under a roll of flesh .
Now , I know what you 're thinking , but fear not , because P. imperials caterpillars do not feed on the souls of old people and disobedient children . They subsist entirely on milk or carronia vines ( Pycnarrhena australiana and Carronia multisepala ) , which also provide a place for them to breed .
Once the P. imperials caterpillar has gone through the process of metamorphosis , it will emerge from its cacoon as a bronze-coloured moth with large forewings shaped like autumn leaves and distinctive pink patches on its hindwings . Its wingspan will stretch up to 170 mm long .
California Gov . Jerry Brown ( D ) on Wednesday signed a bill approving a $ 2 minimum wage increase to be rolled out over the next three years . Unless another state passes a larger increase , the bump will make California 's minimum wage the highest in the country .
The governor joined legislators , business owners and workers at a signing ceremony in Los Angeles on Wednesday morning , with plans to fly to another ceremony in Oakland that afternoon .
“ For millions of California 's hardworking minimum wage employees , a few extra dollars a week can make a huge difference to help them provide for their families , ” said state Senate President pro tem Darrell Steinberg in a release . `` They deserve a modest boost and after six years , an increase in California 's minimum wage is the right thing to do . ”
The minimum wage will go up in two separate $ 1 increments . The first will bump the rate from $ 8 to $ 9 in July 2014 , and the second increase , to $ 10 , will come in January 2016 . According to the Economic Policy Institute , about 3 million Californians are currently working for minimum wage .
Many low-wage workers across the state hailed the news .
Anthony Goytia , who works the overnight shift at a Walmart store in Duarte , currently lives in a garage with their wife and two children , while a third is on the way .
“ If I had a higher wage , we would be able to rent an apartment , ” they told The Huffington Post . “ [ Right now ] we 're living in poverty . I have to live check to check . ”
They detailed the struggles of living off a low wage , especially with a family . “ I want to be able to buy my kids shoes if they need them and not wait for our income tax [ return ] to do it , ” they said . “ I want to give my wife money for maternity pants and underwear . They need bras . It 's just ridiculous . ”
Goytia said their family can not afford Walmart 's health insurance plan and must depend on Medi-Cal , the state 's Medicare program , instead . They also frequently receive food stamps .
“ I really do n't want to depend on food stamps , ” they told HuffPost . “ I 'm a hardworking person ; I want to be a proud , working American that 's not on public assistance . ''
Maria Cristobal works seasonally in a packinghouse or in the lettuce and chile fields near where they live with their two children in Fresno .
“ Two more dollars would impact me a lot , ” they told HuffPost . “ I would definitely like to have more money for the house , for food , for rent , utilities . ”
But they worry that a minimum wage hike might equal a price hike as well .
“ When they raise wages , they raise prices of things , '' they said . `` I think companies will cut back on hiring people , and it 's hard to find work sometimes . ”
Brown , however , argued the reverse , saying wages in California have stagnated while consumer prices have continued to rise .
“ The minimum wage has not kept pace with rising costs , ” the governor said in a release . “ This legislation is overdue and will help families that are struggling in this harsh economy . ”
But by the time the $ 10 minimum takes effect , it will probably still be outpaced by inflation . According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , $ 10 per hour in 2016 is equivalent to roughly $ 9.36 in today 's dollars .
Assembly Speaker John A. Pérez ( D-Los Angeles ) also disputed the idea that the minimum wage increase would put a drag on the economy .
The mainstream media seemed to have been busy at work in the past week squeezing hard Mike Hearn 's farewell article to the Bitcoin community for any drops of evidence to support the hypothesis that the cryptocurrency is no longer a viable idea .
While relying on the article , The Week has declared that “ The Bitcoin system has all but seized up , and people are abandoning it in droves . ”
The Washington Post has weighed in on the subject by stating that “ Bitcoin did have great potential , but it is damaged beyond repair . ”
The New York Times , the first mainstream media to cover Mike Hearn 's exit , has observed that “ …a nasty fight has torn apart the small brotherhood of Bitcoin developers and raised questions about the survival of the virtual currency . ”
The long and short of all these reports is that Mike Hearn confirmed what was all along expected ; the failure of the Bitcoin experiment . Indeed , the articles did have an adverse impact on the Bitcoin price , which plummeted by close to 15 % before picking up again .
An onslaught on Bitcoin
For miners , developers , entrepreneurs and ordinary users of Bitcoin , this seems to be an onslaught that is driven by either ignorance on the part of the mainstream media as far as the technology is concerned , disingenuous attitudes taken to achieve particular results or , better still , simple outright slander of the first successful decentralized cryptocurrency .
For it is ironic that the reason Bitcoin is being termed as failed is because it has been doing very well . In the past few years , it has continued to attract many new users . So many that the transactions numbers are surging and the block size that has served it well for the last seven years is now close to overflowing .
As a matter of fact , Bitcoin ranked as the best performing currency in 2015 . In other words , it is Bitcoin 's growth that has made scaling a pressing need .
No one could put it better than Martin Tillier , entrepreneur , and financial adviser . “ If the popularity and real-world usage of the currency and the network were n't growing ” they opined in an article published by Nasdaq.com , “ there would be no need to increase the transaction capacity . ”
Meanwhile , and under this continuous mainstream media noise , incredible things are happening . Proposals are in the advanced stage to make the Bitcoin network not only able to accommodate more transactions per second , but also , even more , efficient .
Is it decentralization or scalability ?
Consensus within the Bitcoin community to scale the network has never been closer . Everyone is optimistic that an appropriate fix , one that does not betray the ideals of decentralization , will happen before the system stalls or even malfunctions in a significant way .
One of the scaling solutions on the table , and perhaps the most talked about in Bitcoin forums in the past few weeks , is the Segregate Witness proposal , which is also known by its shorter name , SegWit .
There is a reason this piece of innovation is the most attractive of the scaling proposals at the moment . And that is the fact that the bitcoin network can implement it without going through the much feared hard forking process ( Software upgrade that will require all nodes to adopt at once ) .
It should be acknowledged that for the most part of the scaling debate , miners , developers , entrepreneurs and enthusiasts of the Bitcoin technology had only focused their attention on bigger block size , Lightning , and Sidechains as the only possible solutions to the scaling problem .
Few imagined that scaling of the Bitcoin system could also be achieved by working the problem in the reverse . That is reducing the size of each transaction and as the result increase the number of transactions that can go into a block .
Segregated Witness a turning point for Bitcoin
The concept of Segregated Witness came to the attention of the wider Bitcoin community when Blockstream developer Dr. Pieter Wuille took to the stage to address the Bitcoin Scaling Conference on the 6th December 2015 in Hong Kong .
They explained how it is possible to separate signatures that authorize Bitcoin transactions in wallets from the transactions themselves . This will save up to 40 % percentage of space in the block .
The concept has continued to receive a lot of approval from the Bitcoin community ever since with Andreas Antonopoulos describing it as one that “ marks the turning point for bitcoin . ”
And now , after a seemingly lengthy period of development , Dr. Pieter Wuille and their fellow developers on the project , Eric Lombrozo and Johnson Lau , have moved Segregation Witness to the public testing stage .
Unlike previous testing exercises , where only developers were involved , anyone who is interested in being part of the SegWit testing is welcome to try it . That includes individuals as well as businesses .
Members of public are welcome to try the new system
The trial is taking place on a Testnet that has been christened Segnet , which is basically a clone of Bitcoin intended for demo and testing purposes .
What does it mean if the test is successful ?
The solution will , of course , have little to stop it from being implemented on the Bitcoin blockchain . If that happens , the Bitcoin network will , almost automatically , see an increase in capacity by about 40 % . That 's huge by any standards .
Nevertheless , that does not take away the need to increase the block size for good . “ Even with Segregated Witness , the network will reach a point where it needs to scale again , ” Jacob Donnelly has explained in an article published by Bitcoin Magazine , “ Compressing data can only work so much . ”
However , there is no question that Segregated Witness will afford the community a breathing room to consult further and come up with a long lasting solution that does not drive the technology away from its initial objectives of decentralizing the control of finance as well as making storage and transfer of value less costly .
It wo n't be too much to expect some significant changes in the Bitcoin network in the next few months .
Sunrise image courtesy of Pixabay SegWit graph courtesy of Prezi presentation
Digital television pictures are sampled in three dimensions : two spatial dimensions , and time . This paper investigates the effect of treating video capture as a traditional temporal sampling problem , such that the frame rate is double the highest frequency in the video , or , conversely , the video signal is temporally band-limited to below half the frame rate . A significant contribution of this work is to find the fastest motion that is of interest , from which a maximum temporal frequency and hence a minimum frame rate can be calculated . To find the fastest motion of interest , a model of the human spatio-temporal contrast sensitivity function is used . For each spatial frequency , the velocity at which humans are able to resolve moving detail as well as the detail on a static object of the highest possible spatial frequency in a particular spatial format is found . This subjective matching procedure can be interpreted as finding the minimum frame rate that does justice to a specified spatial resolution , assuming that classical sampling theory is adhered to . A model of human eye tracking is then included , to take account of the effect that humans are able to resolve detail on a moving object more easily when our eyes are following the object than when our eyes are static . Incorporating the eye tracking model results in minimum frame rate requirements that are many times higher than those in use today . However , this does not take account of all the effects of eye movements : following a moving object can also reduce the visibility of aliasing artefacts , and hence the paper concludes with a discussion of why a degree of aliasing can be permitted , and hence traditional sampling theory does not necessarily need to be applied in television sampling .
Here comes the sun Illinois solar tour showcases renewable energy
One stop on the Illinois Solar Energy Association 's home tour is Chris Krusa 's house located at 27 Rose Court in Glen Carbon . Krusa said their 12-panel array located on the south face of their garage is the only home solar installation currently in operation in Glen Carbon . less One stop on the Illinois Solar Energy Association 's home tour is Chris Krusa 's house located at 27 Rose Court in Glen Carbon . Krusa said their 12-panel array located on the south face of their garage is the ... more Photo : For The Telegraph Photo : For The Telegraph Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Here comes the sun 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Several Riverbend homes are among the 93 dwellings across Illinois that are part of a statewide , grassroots solar energy tour next weekend .
The self-guided tour is from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday organized by the nonprofit Illinois Solar Energy Association ( ISEA ) . The tour is free and open to the public . The organization supports the use and widespread application of renewable energy through education and advocacy .
The Illinois tour is part of a nationwide effort through the American Solar Energy Society . It will be conducted in an open-house fashion to display how Illinois homes and businesses utilize the power of solar , wind and geothermal energies .
One stop on the tour is the home of Chris Krusa , located at 27 Rose Court in Glen Carbon . Krusa said their 12-panel array located on the south face of their garage is the only home solar installation currently in operation in Glen Carbon .
“ It 's pretty impressive , ” they said . “ It powers about 50 or 60 percent of our home . ”
They said a full array of 24 panels would power their entire home and possibly even return power to the grid . A service electricity provider , such as Ameren , purchases returned power from homeowners as solar surplus .
They might install a full array and possibly a home battery for energy storage in the future , but they are happy with their current solar situation , they said . Krusa noted that the 12-panel array has a value of approximately $ 13,000 . But through state and federal financial incentives , the Krusa family paid only about half of that amount .
“ We figure we 'll recoup our investment in about five years , ” they said .
The Illinois Solar Energy Association 's Lesley McCain said a federal financial incentive exists to assist homeowners in purchasing solar energy , but the state program is currently frozen .
“ Just like everything else in the state , the solar grants have been suspended , so currently there is no program running , ” they said .
The Illinois Solar Energy Association and several other environmental organizations are backing the Illinois Clean Jobs Act , which would provide a more permanent financial incentive for investing in solar energy .
“ We 'll have to see how that moves forward once a budget is implemented , ” McCain said . “ It would be nice to have the state rebate back . ”
The Illinois financial incentives , while currently frozen , are set to expire at the end of this year . The federal Solar Investment Tax Credit expires at the end of 2016 .
Financial incentives , and even energy independence , are not the main driving forces behind Krusa 's choice to outfit their home with solar panels . They said concern for the current state of the planet was their main driving force .
“ I 'm very concerned about the future of the Earth if we do n't do something significant to end carbon emissions that are human-caused , ” they said . “ My wife and I are involved in efforts to reduce greenhouse gases . ”
Besides being a contributor to the cause of renewable energy , Krusa also volunteers as part of the Sierra Club 's local executive committee . The Sierra Club also is a dedicated advocate of the Illinois Clean Jobs Act .
Other homes on the tour include Clifford Clark 's home at 3424 Brown St. in Alton ; the Collinsville Recreation District at 10 Gateway Drive in Collinsville ; Cletus Garde 's home at 2506 Vandalia St. in Collinsville ; Kevin McKee 's home at 204 Collinsville Road in Troy ; and , the headquarters of Juggle.com located at 33 Bronze Point in Swansea .
A complete list of tour locations throughout the state can be found at www.illinoissolartour.org .
Reporter Cory Davenport can be reached at ( 618 ) 208-6447 or on Twitter @ CoryTelegraphs .
Before Masterchef there was only one high-stakes cooking show .
Airing on SBS for the past decade , there 's no crying , no emotional breakdowns , no tear-jerking backstories on Iron Chef . It does n't matter that you 're a financial analyst now rediscovering your life 's purpose in the perfect quenelle . On this Japanese TV show , it 's about how absurdly high your hat is , how reflective your silky Power Ranger-like chef 's garb is , and of course : how you well you can stand the heat when your kitchen station catches on fire .
Presented by flamboyant host Takeshi Kaga ( with an odd penchant for capsicum ) and dubbed in English ( not always quite in sync ) for foreign viewers , the show 's set is a flood-lit arena , where guest chefs challenge resident Iron Chefs in a timed cooking battle around a theme ingredient . Think WWE meets My Kitchen Rules , complete with slow-motion action replays .
When poverty figures were last tabulated in Canada , there were 4.2 million citizens living below the poverty line . In 2014 , I was one of them . I lived an experiment to see just how little I could spend and still live a rewarding life , subsisting off of savings I had accumulated from odd jobs and poker winnings over the years . Every month , I wrote myself a fictional cheque of $ 1,000 from my savings account and I tracked my spending with an intuitive app called YNAB ( You Need A Budget ) . Even with this meagre amount , I was able to save nearly $ 1,200 by year 's end and thrive .
My hope — then and now — is that this experiment can be taken as a proof-of-concept for basic income and community-centric life . Basic Income is an income given to all citizens unconditionally — so that they may each have the basic requirements necessary ( food and shelter ) to live . This program has been called “ a natural extension of medicare ” by Dr. Anna Reid , MD , Past President of the Canadian Medical Association ( 2013—2014 ) and a way to simplify a complicated ( and sometimes degrading ) system of social assistance and financial aid programs .
How did I live so well so cheaply ? What were my expenses ? And what did I learn ?
Rent — 51 per cent : $ 5,500 at an average of $ 550/month for 10 months . I live in an extraordinary cooperative with 13 roommates . We live in a prime location in the Plateau , which is ideal for proximity but less so for cost savings . A portion of our rent payment goes into the collective pot to pay for our electricity , Internet , telephone , renovations , events , group projects and food staples .
Food — 19 per cent : $ 2,067.60 at an average of $ 172.30/month . Eating out cost $ 1,399.25 , whereas personal groceries cost $ 668.35 .
The low cost of groceries is directly related to communal cost sharing and the extensive amount of potentially-wasted food our home gathers through Dumpster diving and brokering exchanges with local grocery stores . This is one aspect of our eco-friendly lifestyle . There is so much food that is thrown away that is perfectly good , you have to experience it to believe it . Because of this , we almost always have an overabundance of food , despite feeding 20 or more people daily , including occasional strangers and community gatherings .
Transportation — 2 per cent : I spent $ 127.50 in bus tickets and $ 138 ( basic fee plus fees for a moving violation ) to renew my driver 's license , an unnecessary but useful expense . I walk when I can , and I absolutely love to ride my bike . I learned how to tune it and I realign the gears myself , paying $ 2 for the use of a bike stand and some expert advice at the non-profit organization Right to Move . I also purchased lights on eBay for $ 1.89 .
Vacation — 10 per cent — $ 1,092.46 : I sublet my room while travelling across Canada and the U.S. over 15,000km with my friend to raise awareness and build connections for JoatU . The Jack of all Trades Universe is a trade/barter exchange system designed to revolutionize the economy and democracy , beginning with the simple trading of goods and services with your closest neighbours . Our greatest expense was fuel . We were able to find most accommodations through Couchsurfing.org and our network of friends .
Fun / Vices — 2 per cent — $ 239.04 : My most expensive vice is coffee . From buying the almond milk to make delicious mochas , to going out and sharing a drink with friends , it adds up . Yet , coffee is a part of my morning ritual that I love and absolutely refuse to change . I fortunately do n't smoke cigarettes , which would be a huge financial drain . If you do smoke and you 're looking for alternatives , the best would be to quit altogether . I 've heard nothing but outstanding reviews for Allen Carr 's The Easy Way . You can also try purchasing your own herbs , and rolling your own cigarettes . I do n't drink , but I know many people who brew their own beer as a cost-efficient alternative .
Health — 3 per cent — $ 314.67 : A portion of my health expenses went toward dental , another towards travel insurance , and the rest were miscellaneous expenses . I do n't buy shampoo , I use soap for everything . Good dental hygiene will keep your dental bills low . There are a lot of ways to stay healthy : regular exercise , meditation , and walking , to name a few . We are fortunate to live in a city where you can take care of your body for next to nothing .
Communications — 5 per cent — $ 458.68 : I bought my phone used through Craigslist for $ 280 . I regularly make use of Fongo , a free wifi phone line in Canada . For standard cellphone plans , you can check out Koodo 's Pay-as-you-go plans . $ 15/month will get you texting , and if you buy the boosters , you get calling at 5c/minute and Internet at $ 30/gig .
Entrepreneurship — 8 % – $ 831 : Building JoatU eats up a significant portion of my life , and my current earning potential , and my existing financial capital . In the past year , I attended conferences , printed flyers , business cards , booklets and bought office supplies to promote it . For the time being , these costs are coming out of my pocket , but fledgling businesses are one of those things that require capital .
You might be saying to yourself , “ I could never do this , ” but then ask , “ Is my life revolving around the people I love , or the bills I pay for the stuff I do n't really need ? ”
Here 's what I told myself before I set my own budget of $ 12,000 : “ I can do this. ” Life is a game and you decide how to play it . It comes down to the responsibilities you have to yourself and others , and your personal priorities , about how you ultimately want to live your life . The fact that I have surrounded myself with active individuals striving to build a model for community is incredibly motivating .
If you want to learn to live better for less , the first step is wanting to . When you 're ready , create a budget for yourself , and know that it 's okay if you overspend . Budgeting is an experiment . Just knowing how you spend your money will help you become more conscious about it . This in itself is the first step on the path toward consuming less .
Jamie Klinger is the founder of JoatU , a Montreal-based alternative economic trading system .
Co-op members have expressed horror at bosses ' decision to sell off its agricultural wing and “ to consider the future ” of its pharmacy business as the group looks set for a £2 billion loss .
Leading co-operative movement activist and former Labour European MP Michael McGowan warned that the historic movement launched in Rochdale in Lancashire in 1844 was facing its worst-ever crisis .
Co-op 's losses follow catastrophic errors by senior executives , including the failed takeover of hundreds of branches of Lloyds bank by Co-op Bank . Those errors alone left the group facing a £1.5bn loss .
The business also owns 14 farms covering 50,000 acres , an agricultural operation dating from 1896 but now up for sale .
And the pharmacy section is one of Britain 's three biggest pharmacy chains , with 6,500 staff .
Mr McGowan , a member of the Leeds and Wakefield area committee of the Co-op , slammed the decision to sell the farming wing and described the Co-op 's position as “ the worst crisis in the history of the co-operative movement . ”
They said : “ It highlights once more the failure of the directors of the Co-op Group to accept their responsibilities to hold to account and control professional managers .
“ The decision to sell off the Co-op farms and the manner of the announcement suggests that both the directors and the executives should consider their positions . ”
Staff hit by the sale only learned of the decision from the media , Mr McGowan said .
“ The failure of governance has resulted in the Co-op Group facing an enormous debt which has to be addressed , has destroyed the Co-op Bank , and has damaged the reputation of the co-operative movement . ”
They added that Co-op members and elected committees were not consulted , and called for dialogue with elected area committees “ as a matter of urgency . ”
In December 2013 , the bank was bailed out by allowing private finance into the banking operation , meaning that it was no longer a co-operative .
Group members are running a nationwide campaign to stop the banking arm abandoning its “ ethical ” status .
The NYU Game Center Open Library is one of the biggest game collections in the world with a growing collection of over 2,000 digital and non-digital games . The library supports the Game Center 's undergraduate and graduate coursework , promoting game literacy , critical examination of play , and community engagement through hands-on access to the design history of games .
Locations & Hours
2 Metrotech Center , 8th Floor
Brooklyn , NY 11201
Hours : Monday – Friday 9AM-10PM , Saturday – Sunday 12-8PM
Branch is closed during the summer and during University breaks and holidays .
Visit the Library on Thursdays from 5-7PM for our weekly event , Playtest Thursday , where Game Center students as well as local NYC developers bring their games out to test . Bring your digital , nondigital , physical , or any other kind of prototype , play other people 's games , and enjoy some free pizza . The only rule is to give as much feedback as you get ! Playtest Thursday is usually followed by a lecture , workshop , or other event , making Thursday nights one of the best times to visit the Game Center .
The Manhattan Branch of the Open Library is now closed .
Game Catalog
Our catalog is available online for researchers and/or anyone looking for particular game or set of games . The catalog is listed here .
Need to study a rare game or collection of games for a class ? We gladly take inquiries and requests ! To inquire about the collection and potential requests , please email gamecenter @ nyu.edu or visit either branch and talk with a librarian .
Donations
A major part of the Open Library collection comes from generous donations from the game community all over the country . We 're always accepting donations consoles , discs , cartridges , controllers , non-digital games , and print materials .
To donate or find out more information about donating , please email gamecenter @ nyu.edu .
Events & Curations
The NYU Game Center Open Library is home to many events that celebrate the history , archival , preservation , and play of games . Open Library events aim to explore new and interesting ways to use the library 's collection and resources in unique and playful ways .
Past Library events have included :
Pressing Restart : Community Discussions on Video Game Preservation : a day-long conference put on by Rebecca Hernandez-Gerber and NYU 's MIAP Program which explored some of the unique issues facing video game archiving . For more , check out this response to the conference on the Atlantic , “ How Will Historians Study Video Games ” written by MFA Alumni Ilya Zarembsky .
When Games Went Click : The Tennis for Two Story : a premiere of a documentary on the game Tennis for Two followed by a Q & A with some of the lead historians who contributed to the documentary . Before the premiere , the library featured a curation of tennis games from throughout history put together by Professor Bennett Foddy .
Artemis : A Night on the Bridge : the Library was transformed into the deck of the Enterprise for an evening , when librarians , students , and Artemis fans took advantage of the library 's many PCs and TVs to run a twenty-person , three ship game of the part LARP , part action game space-ship simulator .
The Open Library frequently features curations put together by NYU Game Center faculty , students , and NYU Game Center Librarians . Curations create conversations between the games in the collection by exploring a particular mechanic or theme or highlighting a particular genre , trend , or moment in game design and history .
To see a few of the past curations check out :
Curations and events are always posted on our events page and announced through our mailing list . Check out both to catch exciting events and curations happening in the library .
Work at the NYU Game Center Open Library
The NYU Game Center hires undergraduate students in the Game Design program at the start of the Fall and Spring semesters .
Being a NYU Game Center Open Librarian is a unique opportunity to be at the center of one of the most active collections of games in the world and the growing NYU Game Center community . Ideal candidates are students who think deeply about games and the contexts in which we play them . Librarians have opportunities to add their voice and perspective on games and the meaning of a game library in the form of curating game collections , creating events , exhibitions , and programs , and helping shape the library 's archive system and inventory .
More information about the position can be found here . To apply , please send email gft213 @ nyu.edu for the application . The position is only open to current Game Design BFAs .
Probably no one has earned more leeway from conservative voters and pundits than Rush Limbaugh . Rush has been a tireless force for the conservative movement for decades , and they probably are responsible for a whole lot of conservative Republicans who are currently in office . But thankfulness for past service only goes so far , and Rush 's program yesterday officially crossed the line .
When I think about Rush 's last year or so on air , I 'm reminded of Marshall Phillipe Petain , one of the most intriguing figures of the twentieth century . Without Petain , the French might not have prevailed over the Germans at Verdun , and thus might have lost World War I . But for as many thanks as France owed Petain for their service in World War I , the full historical reckoning for Petain must acknowledge that Petain was a Nazi collaborator , the leader of Vichy France , and a totalitarian dictator . Petain 's history is complicated , and to tell the whole tale honestly requires acknowledging both the good and the bad .
So it is with Rush . For all they have done , and for all we should be thankful for , it is hard to deny that Donald Trump has brought conservatism to a critical moment . From this moment forward , it will either resemble the vision Rush has preached for thirty years , or it will not . It will either move forward as a recognizable force , or it will be destroyed with Trump in a historic landslide election .
And Rush has chosen the wrong side , and is moreover taking a leadership position .
Rush claims that they are neutral about Trump , and that they are just providing “ analysis , ” and not taking a side . However Rush might have clung to that fig leaf prior to yesterday , they ca n't any longer . Here Rush is trying to spin Donald Trump 's insane behavior about what happened in Colorado as something positive for Trump .
RUSH : Trump has this op-ed in the — this is gon na be tough when I get to that . Trump has an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal . I have it in my formerly nicotine-stained fingers here . “ On Saturday , April 9th , ” Mr. Trump begins , in their op-ed in the Wall Street Journal today , “ On Saturday , April 9 , Colorado had an “ election ” without voters . Delegates were chosen on behalf of a presidential nominee , yet the people of Colorado were not able to cast their ballots to say which nominee they preferred . A planned vote had been canceled . And one million Republicans in Colorado were sidelined. ” Now I hate to do this , but that just is n't correct . There was never going to be an election , a primary election in Colorado and this op-ed gives the impression that Colorado was gon na have a vote . There was gon na be a primary and people are gon na vote like they have in other states and at the last-minute changed their mind . There never was a plan to vote . There was never a plan to vote that was canceled in Colorado . Colorado was always , from last August , going to be what it was : a series of conventions where delegates would be chosen to the convention by Republican attendance at these various county conventions and at the big state convention , but there was never gon na be a vote .
Okay , got it ? Rush starts off this bit by stating explicitly that Trump 's position is a bald-faced lie . And I do n't know why Rush “ hate [ s ] to do this , ” since all they are doing is stating a fact that is a matter of indisputable historical fact : Donald Trump is full of crap about Colorado . There is no reasonable dispute about this . Anyone with access to Google and 10 spare seconds on their hands could verify this . If Donald Trump really believes what they are saying , they are an idiot . The alternative is that they are a liar . Either way , what they are saying is false .
Rush 's position is that Trump is a liar , and they think that is awesome ( for Trump ) and that it 's even more awesome that Trump lost . Seriously :
And this op-ed — you know , I asked a question two days ago , and I asked it again yesterday . And that question was , why did n't Trump call attention to Colorado not having an election beforehand ? Why did they wait until Colorado 's process was complete to lodge a complaint about it ? And this op-ed gives us the answer . You know what we have here ? Trump andColorado is a classic lesson in winning by losing . How to win by losing . It is apparent to me now that the Trump campaign was fully aware that they were gon na lose Colorado this way and had found and discovered a way to turn that to their advantage by claiming that Colorado had cheated , by claiming that Colorado was disenfranchising people , by claiming that Colorado was gon na have a vote and then changed their mind . But their never was a plan to vote . So I 've answered my question . Trump waited 'til after Colorado to exploit the fact that there was not an election there , and it helped their point if they lost . So for those of you devising campaign strategies in the future , file this one under the category of winning by losing . And even in the next page of the op-ed they refer to it again . They said : “ No one forced anyone to cancel the vote in Colorado . Political insiders made a choice to cancel it . And it was the wrong choice. ” There was no vote ever intended to happen . So there was never in this cycle a cancellation of an election . But Trump 's op-ed makes it look like there was a scheduled vote and a last minute cancellation to disenfranchise people because they did n't want Trump to win . And Trump supporters are more than happy to embrace that . I mean , every supporter loves it when their guy is the victim of some cheating or some dirty trick . So I 've answered my question . Why did n't Trump call attention to this before they caucused in Colorado ? Because they were counting on losing and then exploiting it , which he 's done brilliantly , and here you have this op-ed in the Wall Street Journal which carries the theme forward .
Get it ? Trump lost , on purpose , lied about how and why it happened , discredited the entire party in the process , and here Rush is calling them a genius and brilliant .
For one thing , this is too cute by half . Know what Trump really needs more than to appeal to their ( already dedicated ) voters at this point ? They need 34 delegates . He 's tantalizingly close to being on pace for the 50 % threshold ( 1,237 ) and losing all of the delegates from Colorado meaningfully hurt their chances . There 's no such thing as “ winning by losing ” – that 's just something losers say . Know who 's made that point countless times over the years ? Rush Limbaugh .
Second , no reasonable person would come up with such a convoluted reason to praise someone for telling a bald faced lie that hurts the political party they support – unless they are completely in the tank for someone . I 'm serious . No one would look at a situation in which Trump lost in embarrassing fashion , then lied about why ( in the process of whining like a baby ) and say “ Trump won this exchange ” unless they were desperately looking for a reason to say Trump won .
This kind of tortured and nonsense take has become all too common for Rush since they started running interference for Trump . And after yesterday 's show , there 's no other reasonable interpretation of the facts . In the existential fight for the future of conservatism , Trump has decisively sided with conservatism 's enemies .
It 's very sad and depressing to watch , much like the grizzled men under Petain 's command who had survived the trenches of Verdun must have recoiled in horror to watch them palling around with Hitler . It 's most sad that when the final history of Rush is written , this sad chapter might well be the end .
INTERNET providers will be barred from charging online businesses for “ fast lanes ” —that is , giving priority to their traffic—except for certain specialised services , such as videoconferencing or telesurgery . They also must not block or slow traffic other than reasonably to manage their networks , such as to avoid congestion .
This is the essence of a law the European Parliament passed on October 27th , after months of argy-bargy with the EU 's executive , the European Commission , and national governments . For those unfamiliar with the debate over “ network neutrality ” , the principle of treating all internet traffic equally , the rules may seem much the same as those approved by America 's Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) in February . But although the wording is similar , the details vary enough that they may produce a very different outcome—one that could further weaken Europe 's smallish online industry .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
To understand the differences it helps to compare the telecoms markets on both sides of the Atlantic . America has big , profitable fixed-line and mobile operators , such as AT & T , Comcast and Verizon , which want to be free of regulation . They may not be very popular with their customers , but competition between them is limited and they wield great lobbying power . However , they have found their match in America 's internet giants , including Google and Facebook , which have an interest in keeping internet traffic untrammelled , and have formed a strong pact with the country 's vocal internet-policy campaigners .
In Europe the balance of power between the two industries is more uneven . Activists and politicians have pushed for stricter net-neutrality rules , but they have not hooked up with the continent 's internet industry , which anyway lacks political heft . In contrast , Europe 's telcos , often former ( and , in some cases , still partially ) state-owned firms , have kept a direct line to their respective governments . And they have two arguments in particular that carry weight in national capitals and Brussels : looser net-neutrality rules would allow them to introduce new services and make the money they need to improve their networks ; and such rules would also let them charge America 's mighty online firms for using their networks .
Unsurprisingly , then , Europe 's new rules have bigger loopholes than America 's , even if the law just passed is much stricter than the commission 's first proposals . America 's rules also allow “ reasonable ” network management , for instance , but ban operators from discriminating against certain types of service , such as video or file-sharing—which the EU 's law allows . Similarly , American internet providers can offer specialised services , but the FCC can intervene if it thinks they are using this exception to undermine the spirit of net neutrality . In Europe the exception is so broad that internet providers could bring in paid-for fast lanes simply by labelling them as specialised services , reckons Barbara van Schewick of the Centre for Internet and Society at Stanford University .
Although the differing small print of Europe 's and America 's rules may not have dramatic effects in the short term , “ there is a reasonable chance that net neutrality in practice in the EU will be much weaker than in the US , ” write Stefan Heumann of the Stiftung Neue Verantwortung , a think-tank in Berlin , and others in a recent report .
This is good news for fixed-line and mobile operators , but is likely to hurt European internet startups because it creates barriers to market entry , argues Mr Heumann . Online firms will face extra fees for telecoms services and extra bureaucracy—no problem for the mostly American firms that dominate the internet business , but unhelpful for smaller European contenders . Or indeed American ones . Interestingly , an open letter expressing concern about the loopholes , in the run-up to the European Parliament 's vote , was signed by some smaller American online firms such as Etsy , Kickstarter and Tumblr , though not by Facebook or Google .
Much depends on how national regulators interpret the new rules . Some countries have already passed stricter laws . The Netherlands , for instance , bans “ zero rating ” , in which a mobile operator strikes a deal with , say , Facebook , in which people 's use of the social network on their phones does not count towards their monthly data allowance , potentially discouraging them from switching to Facebook 's rivals . The EU 's new law , in theory , allows zero rating ; in America the FCC says it will judge on a case-by-case basis . If Europe ends up with a patchwork of local rules , that will make it harder still for its online startups to gain scale . So much for the commission 's grand talk of a “ digital single market ” .
That said , America 's new rules are also far from set in stone . Republicans are still trying to stop the FCC from enforcing them . Several of their presidential hopefuls have said they would get rid of them . And in December a court in Washington , DC , will hear legal challenges against them by telecoms firms . The rules of the digital roads will be in flux for the foreseeable future , but in Europe toll booths , fast lanes and an assortment of traffic signs are likely to be more frequent than in America .
Have the officials of the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board ( LTFRB ) ever taken public transport in recent years ?
It 's a question that begs to be asked after one LTFRB official explained that the agency 's crackdown on Transportation Network Companies ( TNCs ) Grab and Uber next week was meant to make them “ as safe as other public utility vehicles [ PUVs ] that have franchises , like taxis , buses and jeepneys . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Starting July 26 , the agency said it will allow on the road only transport network vehicles that have a Provisional Authority ( PA ) or a Certificate of Public Convenience .
This is on top of the P5 million fine it imposed on Grab and Uber on July 11 , and its order to both to deactivate more than 50,000 of their vehicles and drivers .
The LTFRB said that out of 28,000 colorum vehicles from the two TNCs , only 7,200 have the authority to operate from the agency . Seventy-five percent of Grab and Uber vehicles are bound to become idle once the crackdown starts . All in the name of safety for the commuting public .
But “ safety ” is hardly the word that comes to mind when one reads about taxi drivers overcharging , threatening and shortchanging passengers ; buses that race each other on busy roads in pursuit of more passengers and jeepneys counterflowing to evade the traffic and meet the day 's boundary .
Complaints about cab drivers molesting or robbing passengers are nothing new either , nor are instances of drivers being picky about destinations .
Relief for many commuters have come via Uber and Grab , whose mode of operation allows passengers to book their ride conveniently via smartphone , and to get through SMS such details as the exact fare , the driver 's name , plate number , car make and even estimated time of arrival .
That passengers can have their ride tracked by friends and family has been an additional layer of security as well among those wary of criminal elements on city streets .
Little wonder then that both Uber and Grab easily gained a loyal following ( up to a 150-percent increase in client-base from July 2016 to the current year , according to Uber ) .
TNCs have been a boon especially among working parents who often had to choose between keeping their jobs and bringing their young kids to school on time ; the frail , elderly and PWDs who can not compete with the rushing horde on public transport ; young execs still building their businesses and unable to afford their own ride , and the thousands of others who are just tired and frustrated in dealing with capricious PUV drivers .
ADVERTISEMENT
To be sure , the LTFRB has put forward good reasons to crack the whip : If both Grab and Uber want to go into the transport business , they should follow the rules like other PUVs and apply for a proper franchise .
Well put — except that since July last year , the agency itself had suspended issuing such franchises , saying that they need to come up with policies to regulate TNCs .
Basically , the agency sat on the thousands of applications and said that there are already too many vehicles on the road .
Simply put , these colorum vehicles want to go legal , but the LTFRB itself closed that road . Does that make sense ?
In the meantime , the agency did not offer any alternative to the suspension—nor regulatory policies on TNCs — in the one year it had been in effect .
Judging from CCTV footage on the nightly news , there are enough offending public buses , jeepneys and taxicabs that can be banned on the road to make room for more law-abiding vehicles .
The MMDA campaign to tow vehicles illegally parked on public streets could have been given a boost , again to decongest roads and allow the riding public more options .
But even that reasoning about too many vehicles on the road is flawed , protest some TNC users , who point out that Grab 's and Uber 's ride-sharing service has made carpooling convenient and economical , thus freeing up more vehicle space on the road .
TNC users too are mostly private car owners forced to use their vehicle precisely because of the deplorable PUV situation — that is , until the TNCs gave them the incentive to take public transport once again .
So why deprive the riding public a viable option to the unreliable , corruptible and inconvenient public transport system just because the agency ca n't regulate public buses and taxicabs more assiduously ? And why punish law-abiding TNC drivers who only want to earn an honest living ?
With an aging train system prone to periodic breakdowns , 30-year-old buses still plying the roads and jeepneys and taxicabs that have maniacs on wheels , the commuting public have shown they are willing to pay a bit more for a safe and convenient ride via TNCs .
So why fix something that ai n't broke ? Is the agency taking us for a ride ?
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
So that 's who 's been making all those YouTube comments… .
So it seems as though the cute , innocent front that Shiba Inu have been putting on for so long has all been an act . All this time , they 've really been just as smart as humans , and now we have the video evidence to prove it .
Over at the aptly named YouTube channel Chiko – shiba inu , one pet shiba was caught in the act of doing what their humans do : watching internet videos .
▼ Chiko , caught red handed pawed .
▼ Apparently Chiko has a problem , watching videos late
into the night when they should be sleeping .
▼ But hey , who needs sleep when you can just lay in
bed all day in your pajamas and watch movies ?
▼ And nothing 's better after a busy day of watching Netflix…
than watching more Netflix with a bowl of popcorn .
▼ …plus some watermelon for dessert . What a clean plate !
▼ Chiko , you are a dog . You should run and play fetch in the park ,
not watch educational documentaries !
If you want to see more of Chiko 's computer-using adventures , then be sure to subscribe to their human 's YouTube channel . They only have a mere 86 subscribers at this point , so let 's help them get to a number that their high-quality shiba antics deserve !
Source : Chiko – shiba inu via Laughing Squid
Featured/top image : Chiko – shiba inu
While neither party can boast stellar approval ratings , those surveyed gave Republicans better marks when asked whether what they 've heard , seen or read in the past few weeks has made them feel more or less favorable towards either party .
Among likely voters , 25 percent said they 're feeling better about the Democratic Party , compared to 53 percent who are feeling worse -- a net negative of 28 points .
For Republicans , 35 percent said the last few weeks have made them more favorable towards the GOP , versus 40 percent who are more down on the party -- a net negative of only five points .
Independents seem to have been turned off by Democrats during the last few weeks of campaigning as well . Forty-six percent said they 're feeling less favorable to the party , versus just 15 percent who are viewing Democrats in a better light . ( They 're a bit kinder to Republicans , with 37 percent feeling more negative and 21 percent feeling more positive . )
The president 's low approval ratings on foreign policy are n't helping Democrats , either . Just four in ten likely voters approve of their handling of the terrorist militant group ISIS , while 57 percent disapprove .
The poll was conducted October 17-October 23 . For registered voters , the margin of error is 3.4 percent . For likely voters , the margin of error is 4.6 percent .
Progress continues to be made on the P5+1 nuclear deal with Iran today , with Western powers finally deciding to end their demands for “ disclosures ” of more past research by Iran as part of the deal .
Iran has insisted that what they 've disclosed is the full extent of the past research on nuclear arms , a program scrapped years ago . The US has continued to demand Iran disclose additional research , and wanted a public admission of guilt as part of a final pact .
With the deadline just days away now , officials seem to have finally figured out that a deal on current nuclear activities is far more important than a public shaming over what nuclear actions did or did not happen years ago .
Despite the progress , negotiators say that “ big gaps ” remain between the two sides on the final pact , mostly centering around how fast the sanctions will be removed and how much civilian uranium enrichment Iran will retain .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Japan tries to catch 1,000 whales a year for what it calls scientific research
New Zealand has described the entry of a Japanese whaling fleet vessel into its Exclusive Economic Zone ( EEZ ) as `` deeply disrespectful '' .
The incident happened late last week , as the vessel followed a boat belonging to activist group Sea Shepherd .
New Zealand 's diplomats `` made it very clear '' the ship was not welcome , the foreign affairs minister said .
Japan rejects the criticism , saying the Sea Shepherd vessel tried to disrupt Japanese whaling in the Southern Ocean .
A Japanese government spokesperson said under international rules , any ship was allowed to enter another country 's declared economic zone , and that it had been necessary to protect Japanese whalers from the activists .
`` In these situations , Japan 's fishery agency will take the necessary safety measurements to protect Japan 's whaling ships .
`` As the result of such safety measurements , the Japanese vessel entered the EEZ . Under international maritime law , all countries ' vessels are entitled to free passage in the economic zones . In this sense , we do n't consider this case as posing any problem under international law . ''
The Legalities of Whaling Objection - A country formally objects to the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) moratorium , declaring itself exempt . Example : Norway
- A country formally objects to the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) moratorium , declaring itself exempt . Example : Norway Scientific - A nation issues unilateral `` scientific permits '' ; any IWC member can do this . Example : Japan
- A nation issues unilateral `` scientific permits '' ; any IWC member can do this . Example : Japan Indigenous ( aka Aboriginal subsistence ) - IWC grants permits to indigenous groups for subsistence food . Example : Alaskan Inupiat Guide to the Great Whales
But New Zealand Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully said the Japanese vessel ignored the request , prompting an official protest .
`` On my instructions , the Japanese ambassador this afternoon met with a senior MFAT ( Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade ) official who conveyed New Zealand 's deep disappointment at the vessel 's entry into our EEZ , '' Mr McCully said in a statement on Monday .
The summons followed a similar action on Friday , when the most senior Japanese embassy representative present - the deputy head of mission - was called in .
After that meeting , Mr McCully said in a statement that Japanese whalers `` had been insensitive to the views of New Zealanders by entering New Zealand 's EEZ against our wishes '' .
The decision , they said , was `` unhelpful , disrespectful and short-sighted '' .
The Japanese vessel , the Shonan Maru 2 , did not enter New Zealand 's territorial waters . It sailed in the EEZ , which lies between 12 and 200 nautical miles from the coastline .
New Zealand `` has no legal means of excluding any vessel from entering '' , the Sunday statement acknowledged .
The Shonan Maru No 2 is one of the escort vessels for the Japanese fleet , which heads south every year to hunt whales .
There has been a ban on commercial whaling for 25 years , but Japan catches about 1,000 whales each year for what it calls scientific research . Critics say it is commercial whaling in another guise .
Activist group Sea Shepherd follows the fleet south and tries to disrupt the hunt . In recent years , there have been numerous clashes and incidents .
Australia , backed by New Zealand , is currently taking action against the Japanese whalers at the UN 's International Court of Justice in The Hague .
Ray Gigant is now available for PS Vita in North America and Europe as a download title via the PlayStation Store . It costs $ 29.99 / €29,99 .
To celebrate the release of the Experience-developed dungeon RPG , publisher Acttil has released a launch trailer , as well as more information introducing the game 's three stories , and a plethora of features .
Get the launch trailer and details below .
■ Story Settings for the Three Main Characters
Ichiya Amakaze 's Story
Outer Sector – Shinjuku Special Administrative Academy
Located in Tokyo 's ruins is the “ Outer Academy , ” which was established by Nanashiro to be the frontlines of defense against the Gigants . All the candidates to use the Yorigami/Kurogami were students , so it was built under the guise of being an “ educational academy. ” The base is built atop a department store and is structured with shipping containers put together to form the academy . Located deep underground is the Sync Room where the Yorigami users would recalibrate their syncs with the Yorigami being used .
Note : The “ Kurogami ” were made from the Yorigamis as clones . They do n't hold the intelligence of the Yorigamis , and can only act as weapons . Use of Kurogamis are limited to a few , but there are more of them in comparison to Yorigami users .
Kyle Griffin 's Story
Holy Rock
A military base and research facility built to be a base against the Gigants . Operation of the base is handled by Annie Third , thereby minimizing the manpower necessary to maintain the base . With the attack from the Gigants , the location has now become the front line of defense to Europe .
Nil Phineus ' Story
Sea King
After the destruction of the fleet guarding the Atlantic , the Sea King was refit to be a secret base to guard the frontlines to the United States . The location is beautiful with pristine waters and coral reefs , but as to why it was chosen as a base is unknown .
■ Mysterious Lifeforms Supporting Mankind
Like Gigants , Yorigamis are lifeforms unknown to man-kind . They are highly intelligent and can converse with humans in their language . By co-existing with humans , Yorigamis are able to fight against Gigants . However , not all humans can infuse Yorigamis into their body . Only a select few in the world are able to do so .
Kagutsuchi
Kagutsuchi is Nanashiro 's Yorigami . During battle it attacks with its sharp nails . Kagutsuchi is the eldest of the Yorigami and is the survivor of the ancient wars .
■ Explore the Dungeon Inside the Megalosite
In Ray Gigant , the story progresses by exploring and clearing the various dungeons called Megalosites . There a number of these dungeons and players will explore them on a 3D map .
Inside the Megalosite you will be doing the following :
Battle Gigants Gain Resources for the Evolve Tree Solve gimmicks to go deeper into the Megalosite Events that occur within the Megalosite Battle boss class Gigants
In Ray Gigant the location of enemies and items are revealed upon entering the dungeon . You can check out the dungeon map and come up with your own strategy to accomplish the mission . Whether you avoid enemies and hunt for items , or battle every enemy within the dungeon is up to you !
■ Battles Again the Gigants
In dungeons , players will encounter 4 different types of enemies . Enemy types and location information are provided upon entering the dungeons , so players can strategically plan ahead to defeat these enemies . Whether you avoid difficult enemies for later or go head on from beginning to gain more experiences is the player 's decision .
Enemy Types
Normal enemy types : Yellow enemy symbols indicates a normal enemy encounter . Meaning there are no advantages or disadvantages to the player .
Yellow enemy symbols indicates a normal enemy encounter . Meaning there are no advantages or disadvantages to the player . Light enemy types : Blue enemy symbols indicates enemies that require only half of the AP to fight them . This means the player is able to take more actions per turn than usual .
Blue enemy symbols indicates enemies that require only half of the AP to fight them . This means the player is able to take more actions per turn than usual . Heavy enemy types : Red enemy symbol indicates enemies that require double the AP per turn . Players will have to spend double the amount of AP to take any action per turn , so the battle will be more difficult .
Red enemy symbol indicates enemies that require double the AP per turn . Players will have to spend double the amount of AP to take any action per turn , so the battle will be more difficult . Deadly enemy types : Deadly enemies are essentially boss class Gigants . Players will regain more AP per turn than usual .
■ Learn New Skills and Increase Stats
Within the “ Evolve Tree ” there is a “ Command Tree ” . By spending Resources , players can learn new skills and abilities that will help during battles .
Learning new skills and abilities are not in chronological order , so players can decide what abilities they want first depending on the stage they are in . Some people may want defensive abilities more than offensive depending on the types of enemies they are currently facing .
Some of the offensive skills you can learn are “ Thunder ” and “ Ice ” attacks which have elemental properties . * Choose according to enemy elemental weaknesses !
Within the “ Evolve Tree ” there is also the “ Physical Tree ” . Unlike the “ Command Tree ” this is mainly to strengthen your character 's physical abilities . It is divided in to power , magic , and technique . Power increase attack , defense , and HP . Magic will increase spell damage , and defense . Technique will increase your accuracy and evade rate .
■ Unleash the Slash Beat Mode
Slash Beat Mode , aka SBM , is a special skill that can be unleashed by spending Slash Points ( SP ) . Normally you are only able to execute an action 5 times per turn , but by using SBM you can execute a command over 100 times .
Once you execute SBM the scene will change to a screen that features rhythm themed displays . Here a number of spheres will appear . Players will press the corresponding buttons as these sphere moves into the rail . The more successful button presses you make , the more attacks you will execute after SBM ends .
When you successfully execute SBM your character will fuse with the Yorigami , which is their or their weapon , and transform into a God like being . After transformation , your character will become much more aggressive and beast like .
■ Ally Characters – Kyle 's Story
Peggy Walter
Sea King Crew
They act as support to Ezekiel , and works as mainly an operator for Sea King . They have a tendency to speak with lack of concern and indifference , but it also seems as if they are keeping a keen eye on Ezekiel for some reason…
Alan Mallet
Commander of Holy Rock
The commander in charge of Holy Rock . They were the leader of the force Conner was assigned to , and fought many battles , surviving them all with wit and wiles . It seems they hold a piece of information in regards to the Gigants , and gives suspect orders based upon whatever they are holding back from Kyle and the others .
Annie Third
Strategic AI
An AI system operating Holy Rock . They are built using human-made parts , but their data and knowledge were designed based off of the information the Yorigamis held . The first “ Annie ” existed since the establishment of Holy Rock , and with each upgrade , they gradually became the current “ Annie Third. ” As to how they work and who originally created them is unknown .
Net neutrality rules poised to win FCC approval
By Cecilia Kang
Updated 5:09 p.m .
The Federal Communications Commission is poised on Tuesday to pass net neutrality regulations , rules that would for the first time prevent Internet service providers from blocking or giving preferential treatment to Web sites on their networks .
The FCC 's proposal will receive support from a majority of the five-member commission , after intense lobbying . Telecom and cable companies have said that the new rules could deter them from expanding broadband Internet connections and bolstering speeds . On the other side , Internet giants such as Google and Skype , along with public interest groups , have for years pushed for such regulation , saying the increased importance of the Internet calls for clear rules to ensure that consumers get equal access to all legal Web sites and applications .
The rules would prevent Internet service providers from blocking Web sites and applications on Internet lines feeding into U.S. homes . Those carriers -- such as Comcast and AT & T -- could not deliberately slow down one Web site over another . The rules frown on the practice of charging Web sites for better or faster delivery , but observers say that practice would not be strictly prohibited .
Wireless networks would not be covered as broadly by the rules . An FCC official said carriers such as Verizon Wireless and Sprint Nextel would be prohibited from blocking competing voice and videoconferencing applications . Any other practices would have to be disclosed by the carriers .
Democratic commissioners Michael J. Copps and Mignon Clyburn said they will support the proposal by FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski .
Copps said in a statement that they can not vote `` wholeheartedly '' for Genachowski 's proposal and that the rules do n't have everything they believe should be included in regulations .
`` But I believe we have been able to make the current iteration better than what was originally circulated . If vigilantly and vigorously implemented by the Commission -- and if upheld by the courts -- it could represent an important milestone in the ongoing struggle to safeguard the awesome opportunity-creating power of the open Internet , '' Copps said in a statement . `` While I can not vote wholeheartedly to approve the item , I will not block it by voting against it . I instead plan to concur so that we may move forward . ''
In a separate statement , Clyburn said they will also vote in favor of the rules , though they had expressed concerns that wireless consumers would n't be protected as strongly under Genachowski 's regulations .
`` The Commission has worked tirelessly to offer a set of guidelines that , while not as strong as they could be , will nonetheless protect consumers as they explore , learn , and innovate online , '' they said .
Related stories :
Stay tuned : how the FCC could determine future of Internet TV
FCC net neutrality plan gets picked apart by all sides
Senator Hutchison moves to block funds to FCC related to net neutrality
As part of their promises regarding better oversight of the National Security Agency , President Obama called for expert external opinion on where the lines of privacy should be drawn :
Fourth , we 're forming a high-level group of outside experts to review our entire intelligence and communications technologies . We need new thinking for a new era . We now have to unravel terrorist plots by finding a needle in the haystack of global telecommunications . And meanwhile , technology has given governments — including our own — unprecedented capability to monitor communications . – President Obama .
And yet , no . Obama 's panel is not a set of outsiders in the slightest . As some have pointed out in recent days , the group is instead a slurry of insiders , former insiders , and a previous colleague of the president 's .
Member Michael Morell is from the CIA , Richard Clarke is former national security , Cass Sunstein is ex-Obama White House , Peter Swire was part of the Clinton administration , and Geoffrey Stone is also University Chicago stock , same as the president .
Stone , at a minimum , is part of the ACLU , and thus might have a bit of a backbone on the privacy side of things . But the group is surprisingly un-outsidery , and hardly undogmatic . This has not gone unnoticed . However , something that fewer have noticed is that the group contains no technology or telecom folk .
This is almost comical , as we are arguing over digital and telephonic surveillance . PRISM , tapping of fiber-optic cables , storing the nation 's phone records , and forcing telcos to send huge swatches of the Internet to the NSA , and yet not a single voice from the industries impacted will take part .
In the age of cynicism , this must be a high point .
The group is in fact a good mix of people from the establishment who have perspectives on security , but it is utterly incomplete . To exclude from the conversation companies that are directly impacted by the NSA — bullied is probably a better word — is to silence possible dissent . And that is the opposite of open , or fair .
Not that in this discussion there has been much proffered openness of fairness , but when the president assembles a panel of “ outsiders ” to examine current policy , one could hope for a bit of each . In the assembled group , those in favor of curtailing the NSA 's surveillance activities could n't win a voice vote . That 's not so good , really .
If we are going to legally force tech and telco firms to hand over private information of regular folks , they deserve a hand in the discussion . Unless , naturally , the meetings are a sham in the hopes of quieting public outrage and dissent . In that case , a few former insiders can be tossed together for a chat that will mean little and accomplish less . Which appears to be the case .
At each stage of the NSA revelation saga , the government has obfuscuated or offered little . This is another example of the latter .
Top Image Credit : Mark Skrobola
The announcement of Video Games : The Movie was exciting and promising enough to help most fans stomach its amateur status ( and its awkward title ) . Not that gaming documentaries are a rarity anymore ; other recent , popular flicks have poked their noses into gaming culture , but they 've typically chosen and focused on a niche , like competitive retro play or small-fry development .
VGTM , on the other hand , cast its documentary net wide by way of a giant interview cast . With luminaries like Nolan Bushnell , Warren Spector , Rob Pardo , David Crane ( Pitfall ) , and other important games-history figures , the film 's comprehensive reputation preceded it .
Unfortunately , the film 's scope , in fact , is its greatest stumble . This feature-length debut from director Jeremy Snead boasts an impressive cast and noticeable polish , but it has “ overreach ” written all over it , proven by a lack of focus , wildly varying levels of authority , and crippling indecision about whether gaming culture should still adopt the defensive pose of old .
Sub-genres , you say ?
The film , currently available for purchase on video-on-demand shops like iTunes , opens with a montage of video games over the years ( some of which are apparently captured with buggy emulators , particularly N64 clips ) before the film 's “ stars ” come into view : actor Wil Wheaton , Gearbox Software Director Randy Pitchford , and screenwriter Max Landis . They each take turns advocating for how omnipresent video games have become in modern society , and they continue to do so for much of the film 's two-hour run time . How authoritative is this film going to be if its major talking heads are n't the industry 's elder statesmen ?
Almost immediately , VGTM trots out a series of sales and demographic statistics , read aloud by narrator Sean Astin ( Lord of the Rings , Rudy ) . This scene immediately sets a bad tone—that this film is for an audience so dumb that it needs reassurances about how games sell and how well ESRB ratings are enforced ( let alone the shocking revelation that games , like other media , can be divided into “ genres ” and “ sub-genres ” ) .
Following that , the film presents a fast-forward take on gaming 's history , answering the question of “ what was the first video game ? ” with a brief explanation of games like Space War and Tennis For Two before very nearly shrugging its shoulders and moving on to a timeline populated by arcade machines and home consoles . This section , conversely , is a lightning round of nerdy shorthand and personal anecdotes , and while its talking heads include a few incredible names like Al Alcorn , the original engineer of Pong , many of the speakers are noticeably detached from the subject matter .
At one point , Nintendo President Reggie Fils-Aime pops in to describe the Super Nintendo , a product that preceded their hiring by over a decade ; at another , Nerdist host Chris Hardwick and actor Donald Faison talk about their childhood experiences with rapidly improving consoles . For the most part , the people who occupy VGTM are neither amusing “ I Love The '80s ” -style anchors nor informative historians—and more importantly , the latter do n't receive much screen time .
The game 's few history sequences are always interrupted too soon , sometimes to argue for the artfulness of games , and other times to put on a defensive pose and tell us how cool gaming has become . “ Being called a gamer would soon be in vogue , ” Astin says , but the footage that follows—of stone-faced e-sports competitions , awkward late-night TV sequences , and Cliff Bleszinski holding a Gears of War chainsaw-gun—does n't make the case for gaming looking hip .
Worse , the film hops around too often when recounting gaming 's history , as if it fears that telling us too much too soon will turn us off . It has to rewind to dig into the nitty-gritty of Atari 's great crash , and it backs up again when recalling arguments about whether video games are too violent . That latter sequence comes off as particularly shallow because it lacks an unbiased look at the variety and validity of studies about video game violence .
Sorry , PC master race
The rest of the film is a brief “ how the sausage is made ” sequence that centers almost exclusively on Sony 's The Last of Us , along with a brief glimpse at “ future ” tech like Oculus Rift and a montage of next-gen console games ( not to mention an embarrassing , overlong shot of new consoles on white , glossy surfaces , as if the film were an ad for new game systems all along ) . And then… another series of talking heads insisting that gaming will be with us for a long time , and roll credits .
If this review seems to cut too quickly through the details of gaming 's history , then you 're reading it correctly . So many stories , details , and perspectives are almost entirely absent or only represented by brief screenshots . PC gaming does n't exist in VGTM , with the exception of a call-out to Doom—even though the CD-ROM era , floated by the mega-success of Myst , would have been an ideal point of history for this documentary 's obsession with showing gaming as a mainstream pastime .
We 'll forgive VGTM for skipping consoles like the 3DO and the Jaguar , but stories like Sega 's collapse , Nintendo 's fall from grace , the end of the arcade ( or the beginning of the barcade ) , the rise of MMOs , the App Store 's impact , the basement-design world of indie gaming , the explosion of free-to-play outside of the West—these are low-hanging fruit . Had the movie packed its chosen stories with insightful commentary , its selection issues might be forgiven , but its voices too frequently emote about how cool gaming is—telling , not showing .
Indie Game : The Movie took knocks for being too focused , putting only a few game makers on a giant pedestal , but at least that setup resulted in tight storytelling and a sense of perspective . Recent amateurish documentary Gaming In Color suffered with similar issues of cheerleading ( not to mention bias , since its producers were also responsible for the GaymerX expo and used the doc as a commercial of sorts ) , but at least that film found a subset of gaming worth devoting two hours to .
VGTM enjoys a few flashes of brilliance , like when PS4 architect and longtime designer Mark Cerny talks about the difference between filmmaking and game making : “ If you want emotion , in film , a human face is the cheapest thing . Point a camera and you have it instantly . In games , you need a multi-million investment in tech before you see anything that looks like a human face . ”
Perhaps the filmmakers had to leave a ton of similar quotes and overlong stories on the cutting room floor to keep up the pace and conclude at the 1:40 mark . If so , it just puts the film 's ambition under further scrutiny . The only good news , really , is that this film is proof that a Ken Burns-level documentary series about gaming might actually work . So many stories of development , fandom , and progress stretch across so many countries—and now , multiple generations—that we may one day see , and actually enjoy , something called Video Games : The TV Series .
launching 104 satellites +
India 'key player ' in global space race , says foreign media after Isro 's record 104 satellites launch India has emerged as a `` key player '' in a growing global commercial market for space-based surveillance and communication , world media commented on Wednesday after the country scripted history by successfully launching 104 satellites using a single rocket .
INDORE : Indian Space Research Organisation ISRO ) chairperson A S Kiran Kumar on Monday said the country has the capability to develop a space station , but it needed a long-term approach and an ambitious planning.His comment follows ISRO display of technological prowess last week byin a single mission . `` We have all the capabilities to set up a space station . The day the country takes the decision , we will 'ok ' the project . Just draw a policy and provide us necessary funds and time , '' Kumar said here.He was in Indore to attend the foundation day ceremony of Raja Ramanna Center for Advanced Technology ( RRCAT ) . `` We still talk about what would be the immediate benefits of a manned space mission . That is why the country has n't made up its mind about when to invest in a space station , '' they said.A long-term thinking was needed for setting up a space station , they said , adding `` the sooner the better . `` Kumar said ISRO was also mulling tying up with the industry to enhance the country 's satellite launching capability.Many more satellites were needed to keep a tab on the land and weather conditions and to enhance the communication network , they said.This would be possible with increase in the number of satellite launches , for which the country needed to enhance the basic infrastructure and reduce the cost of equipment , they added.The number of companies manufacturing small satellites has gone up across the world , but these companies could not launch them , therefore this area had immense commercial potential and India could tap it by enhancing the launch facilities , the ISRO chief said .
PASADENA > > Pasadena on Friday became the first city in the San Gabriel Valley to add bike sharing , one year after downtown Los Angeles kicked off the multipronged program .
Volunteers rode 375 black and green , three-speed cruisers from City Hall plaza across the city , filling up 34 bike docking stations affixed to sidewalks , curbs and right-of-ways within the city 's central core in places such as Old Pasadena , the Rose Bowl , Paseo Colorado , Pasadena City College , Caltech , City Hall , Pasadena Convention Center , South Lake Avenue and at five of the Gold Line stops .
• Video : ‘ A big day for Pasadena '
Leaders from the city and Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which funds the program , agreed that Pasadena — as a destination city with world-class attractions — would be an ideal community for bike-sharing primarily focused on tourists and occasional users . The program is a two-year pilot , after which Metro will evaluate its success .
“ This is an experimental program . We have no guarantee of success . But we are confident people will respond , moving our objective to make Pasadena a place where you can get around without an automobile , ” Mayor Terry Tornek said .
One of the objectives is to get commuters to the Gold Line stations without driving . Bike-sharing also might close the so-called “ first mile/last mile ” gap between home , the train station or bus stop and workplace , said Duarte City Councilman and Metro board member John Fasana .
“ It will compliment the Gold Line and provide a sustainable way to get around Pasadena without having to drive , ” Fasana said . “ As the ( bike-sharing ) network expands , it improves connectivity to the burgeoning and expanding Metro rail system . ”
A bike rental program could provide tourists a quick way to move about the city without driving or paying for parking . Riders unlock the bike from one kiosk and ride it to their destination , where they can dock the bike at a different kiosk instead of returning it to the same place .
Therese McMillan , Metro chief planning officer , said Metro is using a multitiered-pricing system to diversify price points . All rides must be no more than 30 minutes or riders pay extra . A $ 20 monthly pass provides rides for no additional charge . Exceeding 30 minutes adds $ 1.75 for each half hour .
Meanwhile , the $ 40 annual pass allows for reduced rates of $ 1.75 per ride . Walk-up riders pay a flat rate of $ 3.50 a ride .
Bike-share users can sign up online and use their existing TAP cards by adding a credit or debit card to the account by going to TapToGo.net . Or they can purchase a special bike-share TAP card .
Walk-up riders can use their registered TAP card or swipe a credit or debit card at the kiosk fee station .
Only four kiosks are located northeast of the 210 Freeway . Pasadena City Councilman Tyron Hampton said they hope the city adds more bike stations there . They called the program an affordable option for a resident who does not own a car .
Hampton and others noted that L.A. and the entire West Coast is one of the last areas in the country to add bike-sharing . Bike Transit Systems , Inc. , the Wisconsin-based vendor , has 40 locations including in Madison , Wisconsin , Nashville , San Antonio and Savannah , Georgia . The bikes are manufactured by a subsidiary of Trek Bicycles , in Waterloo , Wisconsin .
Washington D.C. , New York City and Minneapolis have had bike sharing for several years .
“ We are definitely later to the party than other metropolitan areas , ” said Wes Reutimann , executive director of Bike San Gabriel Valley .
Bike enthusiasts see bike-sharing as adding awareness to urban bike riding , which in turn could lead to more bike lanes and protected bike lanes .
In Pasadena , plans are to add a protected bike lane on Union Street , but that 's not expected until 2021 , Reutimann said .
Metro will open 11 bike-share stations in the Port of L.A. on July 31 and 15 bike-share stations in Venice later this summer .
Sony is celebrating its 70th anniversary , and it 's doing it up right . According to Wikipedia , a 70th anniversary is technically a `` platinum '' anniversary , but Sony 's really exploring all the metals in this lavish new MDR-Z1R `` Signature Series '' pair of $ 2,300 headphones . There 's the 70mm magnesium dome driver , an aluminum-coated diaphragm , neodymium magnets , and the headband is made out of beta titanium . Naturally , the jack is gold-plated .
The precise internals give these headphones a frequency response all the way up to 120kHz , which is an impressive number but humans do n't usually hear beyond 20kHz so it 's not the most useful number ever . In fact , from the spec sheet the best indicator of exactly how good the Z1R might sound is the price . Sony 's not a major contender in the highest-end headphone world lately — its highest priced pair on the market is the Z7 , which goes for $ 699 , and gets good reviews , but is n't exactly designed to contend with top-end headphones in the $ 1,000+ range . I 'm looking forward to some audiophiles checking these out and discovering what 70 years of Sony-ness can really achieve when price is no object . Is there another MDR-R10 waiting to spring forth from this company ? The Z1R will be available this November .
The selection of Betsy DeVos by President-elect Donald Trump as their education secretary nominee has been attacked by public school advocates who see their longtime support for school “ choice ” and private Christian education as evidence that they do not support America 's public education system . In this post , that sentiment is explained by an educator who has written an open letter to DeVos .
They are Patrick Kearney , facilitator for Teacher Leadership in the Johnston Community School District in Iowa . They spent 25 years as a band director in private and public schools of Iowa , and is a past-president of the Iowa Bandmasters Association and past co-chair of the Iowa Jazz Championships . They were also a founding board member of the Jazz Educators of Iowa . Their wife teaches in the Des Moines Public Schools and their son is studying education at Drake University .
Here 's the letter , which first appeared on Huffington Post . Kearney gave me permission to republish it .
Dear Ms. DeVos ,
I do n't think we 've really met yet ; we are America 's public school teachers . There are about 3.1 million of us . We teach in large urban areas , we teach in the suburbs , we teach in small rural communities , and we teach in some really remote parts of our country . The most important thing to recognize is that we teach every kid who shows up . We do n't pick and choose the types of kids that we will teach , we teach ALL of them .
Because we have n't really had much interaction , we thought it might be nice to share a little bit about the public schools we teach in . First of all , we are very proud of our schools . Public schools today have the highest graduation rate in American history . The Gallup Poll says that the rate of parents who are satisfied with their public school is the highest in American history . We are also very proud that our public schools offer more services to students with low socioeconomic backgrounds and special education needs than ever before . Not to be redundant , but we are proud that we serve ALL of the students in our communities .
Our communities are very important to us . We are taxpayers in our local communities and many of us have children of our own who attend the public schools that we teach in . We care deeply that our schools are safe and that they are providing a rigorous and relevant curriculum to EVERY student who walks in the door . We recognize that each of our communities have different needs and sometimes get frustrated with a “ one size fits all ” mentality .
We also know that our public schools face real challenges . Twenty-two percent of U.S. public school students live in poverty , 50 percent more than the next highest industrialized nation . English is a second language to almost 10 percent of the students we serve . Enrollment in teacher preparation programs has fallen more than 10 percent in the last 10 years . We are challenged to keep up with increasing state and federal mandates regarding standardized testing .
America 's public schools are here to serve EVERY kid . As the teachers who keep those schools ticking , all that we ask is that you listen to us .
So , I suppose we also need to address the elephant in the room . We are a little freaked out by your nomination to be secretary of education . You are n't an educator . You have n't ever attended or sent your children to a public school , yet you seem to have some pretty strong opinions about them . You do n't seem to have been involved in the study of curriculum or school standards . What you have done is lobby ( and spend millions of dollars of your own money in advocacy ) for taxpayer dollars to go to unregulated for-profit charter schools . As teachers we like to look at data . Interestingly , the data from Michigan ( where you have been able to use your wealth to influence a lot of education policy ) would suggest that the charter schools you lobby for are n't really achieving any better than their public counterparts .
If you are confirmed by the Senate to become secretary of education ( and we hope it does n't hurt your feelings that many of us will work to oppose your nomination ) , we hope that you will work to get to know us . It seems that anecdotes of ineffective teachers who get to hold on to jobs without accountability are popular these days . Those anecdotes really do n't match up with what we see in our schools . No one is going into education to get wealthy . We go into teaching because we care about young people . We go into teaching because a teacher in our lives inspired us . When you get to know us we think you will find that we desperately continue to work to improve our schools . If you were to meet us and find that you do n't think much of the work we are doing , we will be curious if you can find an army of better qualified people who want to do this work for less money , fewer benefits , and with more regulation .
The education of America 's young people is important . The challenges in front of us are real . Giving families “ choice ” in their education options is a worthy conversation , but let us not presume that using tax dollars to support those interested in turning a profit to open unregulated schools with no record of success will improve education in our country . How we use our resources is a reflection of what we value . The most unpopular thing a teacher can say is that there is a cost to providing the best possible education to our students , and yet like most things , you often get what you pay for . Many for-profit charter schools have gone out of business because they quickly discovered that the public schools they replaced were n't the inefficient operations they assumed them to be .
America 's public schools are here to serve EVERY kid . As the teachers who keep those schools ticking , all that we ask is that you listen to us . You are new to all of this and we are here to help . Once we introduce you to the young Bosnian kid who translates letters home to their parents ; the kid living out of the family car who does homework with only a street light to illuminate their textbook ; the kids who want to be sure their school offers great music courses , a world language program , and some advanced courses ; and the special education students who love spending part of their day with their peers , we think that you will fall in love with our public schools .
Sincerely ,
America 's Teachers
Many American Muslims oppose physician-assisted suicide , rely on family to make their end of life decisions and lack spiritual support in major medical centers , says Dr. Aasim Padela , an emergency physician and director of the University of Chicago 's Initiative on Islam and Medicine .
Padela spoke with Life Matters Media about Muslim beliefs regarding so-called “ Death with Dignity ” legislation , burial and terminal illness .
Advocates of “ Death with Dignity ” legislation hope to legalize the practice in Illinois in the coming years . Do you believe most Muslims would oppose it ?
I think from the standpoint of suicide being impermissible in Islam , one who helps someone commit suicide is being party to that wrongful action . I think the term “ Death with Dignity ” has been in some ways used to advance an objective which may not be dignity at all , but rather just a sense of trying to have control over one 's life and death . It assumes that someone is fully knowledgeable of their state-of-being at all times .
Islamic theologians and ethicists would say that a physician helping a patient to end their lives willfully is being party to sin .
Suicide usurps the role of God in a certain way , but also neglects the fact that there is a metaphysical reality . There are things that we do n't have full knowledge of , and discounting the fact that there may be some benefit in the afterlife is problematic for a religious person . It 's a very similar line of logic to Roman Catholicism .
Would stopping artificial nutrition also be considered “ sinful ” ?
There are many similarities in all the Abrahamic faiths , and feeding is considered apart from medical treatment . Feeding is considered a human responsibility .
Now in medicine , you have a specialist community of physicians helping someone by medical procedures to have an alternate way of eating – feeding tubes . But oftentimes it 's not the medical personnel who are feeding the patient , it might be a family member who is administering the feeding formula through the G-tube . So , it is not considered a medical procedure in Islamic law . But stopping feeding as a way to facilitate death by starvation is problematic .
However , if someone chooses not to eat , are you forced to feed them ? That 's not the case , either . There are aspects of feeding that physicians facilitate , and that can draw a distinction that 's not so clear between medical treatment and human responsibility . But force feeding is problematic . You can offer them food and facilitate it for them , but not force it .
Why are Muslims typically buried in a simple shroud and grave ?
There are prescribed rulings from the traditions of the Prophet about how to bury someone . You are buried in a simple shroud and put into the grave . The grave ca n't be solid or covered , meaning that there should not be ornate mausoleums . The idea is that you return to the ground in a simple form . You do n't want to make the grave a site of worship .
Burial is a communal obligation , and it reflects your end . All the things you accumulate in your life , you do n't take them with you . The decay of the body is going to happen to you .
Another reason people are buried in shrouds is because they are considered the same . No matter what status you had in life , death is a certainty . For example , many Muslims are buried in the same garb they wore when they went on the hajj . It 's a sense of equality .
There are many Catholic and Protestant medical centers in the U.S. Is it difficult for Muslims to find spiritual support in them ?
Just as any minority community , Muslims face challenges . If you are a minority , it 's hard to find people from the minority group to take care of you , and spiritual care is the same . There are n't many schools that produce Muslim chaplains , but the field is growing and defining its parameters . There are not certifying bodies , so there are few people that can be hired by hospitals .
Spiritual support is also a new idea , stemming from Protestant roots during the last 50 or 60 years . For a structure that has a new idea of chaplaincy to then open the gamut to other forms of ministry is challenging .
In the hospital setting , there are very few resources for Muslims . Some patients seek expertise from local imams or ask for recommendations from the chaplaincy office .
Do you believe there are similarities between the Abrahamic faiths concerning end of life care ?
I think that there are a lot of commonalities between the Abrahamic traditions in how they think about the sanctity and dignity of the body . The human life does not end here , there is a metaphysical reality .
Like Judaism , Islam has a very deep legal reasoning , which often has a lot of weight behind what you can and ca n't do . But like Christianity , there is also a spiritual or theological component to the moral reasoning .
In Islam , things can be permissible by the law , but not the most wholly right thing to do . In regards to “ Death with Dignity , ” people say “ how can you not give people dignity ? ” We give people dignity , but within the bounds of law . There is a symbiotic relationship between philosophy or moral theology and the legal structure . You have to account for both when you make end of life decisions .
There is no cookie-cutter response , and there are a lot of controversies in Islam , because end of life care is an emerging area .
Luis Montalvo , 44 , was arrested for allegedly attacking a 70-year-old man with a hammer and leaving them in critical condition .
An elderly man is in critical condition following an attack with a hammer that left them collapsed on their driveway .
Officers received a call regarding a fight in progress on the 100 block of Wakeford Street . When they arrived , they found a 70-year-old man suffering from `` several '' deep cuts to their head , according to Santa Paula Police Department officer Allen Macias .
Authorities do not yet know what motivated the 44-year-old attacker , identified as a homeless man by police , to strike the man .
The suspect was identified as Luis Montalvo of Oxnard .
After a witness pointed out Montalvo , police arrested them and they found the hammer in the front yard of a nearby home .
Montalvo , who police say does not know the victim , is being held on $ 510,000 bail on attempted murder charges .
Dr. Elliot Pellman is leaving the NFL after three decades . ( Photo11 : TIm Dillon , USA TODAY Sports )
A controversial figure in the NFL 's health and safety initiatives is leaving the league , and the decision came from the top .
Commissioner Roger Goodell announced in a memo to clubs Wednesday that Dr. Elliot Pellman is retiring as the league moves forward with hiring a “ highly-credentialed physician ” in a new , full-time role as chief medical officer .
A person with knowledge of the situation told USA TODAY Sports that Goodell made the decision that Pellman should retire after nearly 30 years with the New York Jets and the league office , and Pellman agreed . The person spoke on condition of anonymity because they were n't authorized to reveal details publicly .
“ As we add additional full-time medical resources to our team , it is important to recognize and express our gratitude to Dr. Elliot Pellman , who is retiring after nearly 30 years of service , first to the New York Jets and then to the NFL , ” Goodell 's memo said . “ We thank Dr. Pellman for their dedicated service to the game and for their many contributions to the NFL and our clubs , and appreciate their willingness to aid in this transition over the next few months . ”
Goodell said Pellman 's retirement now prompts a search to fill the vacancy their departure creates .
“ We intend to hire a highly-credentialed physician to serve as Chief Medical Officer and work in the league office on a full-time basis , ” Goodell wrote . “ This individual will be responsible for working with our team medical staffs , the NFLPA and our medical committees , as well as the broader independent scientific and medical communities .
“ This individual will add to our expertise and help ensure that our clubs have access to the most up-to-date information , that our research funds are spent in an effective and targeted way , and that our players and team staffs receive timely and thorough information on injuries and injury prevention . ”
Goodell added that the search will begin this week and will be led by a panel of health and safety experts , including Dr. Betsy Nabel , the NFL 's chief health and medical adviser .
A rheumatologist based out of Long Island , Pellman served as the chairperson of the NFL 's mild-traumatic brain injury committee , despite their lack of experience or expertise in brain trauma .
According to an ESPN Outside the Lines investigation , Pellman led campaigns to discredit the findings of noted scientists for their studies on the effects of concussions .
Pellman was portrayed by Paul Reiser in the movie Concussion .
Contributing : Lorenzo Reyes
* * *
Follow Tom Pelissero on Twitter @ TomPelissero
The Republic | azcentral.com Fri Jan 25 , 2013 10:09 AM
Next month , Chandler will host a three-day science and technology festival .
This will be the second year of the Chandler Science Spectacular , which is part of the larger statewide Arizona SciTech Festival .
The events are free and open to the public .
“ We inspired the festival working with ( Chandler economic development director ) Chris Mackey , which worked with member businesses like Intel and Microchip , ” said Steve Zylstra , president and chief executive officer of the Arizona Technology Council .
“ The elegance of our event is that we do n't actually put anything on . We inspire others to do that . ”
The Chandler Science Spectacular will feature :
> > Chandler Tech Crawl , 5:30 p.m. Feb. 13 , in which Intel Corp. , Air Products and Chemicals Inc. and Chandler 's Innovation Incubator are opening to visitors .
> > A Night of Art & Science , 6-10 p.m. , Feb. 15 , in which the downtown Chandler art walk is transformed into a creative look at the science behind art and intervention .
> > Chandler 's Science Saturday , 10:30 a.m.-2 p.m. Feb. 16 , with interactive demonstrations and activities organized by Chandler 's technology companies and including student science projects .
City Councilman Rick Heumann said organizers have made the event better in its second year .
“ We think it 's bigger and better and improved , ” said Heumann , who heads the Chandler Education Coalition .
This year the event does n't run on consecutive days and is more centralized than last year , Heumann said . Organizers also avoided scheduling another on Feb. 14 , Valentine 's Day .
“ There will be a lot more science during the art walk , ” they said . “ And everything will be along Commonwealth in downtown in front of the library . ”
Thirty-five science and technology companies are expected to participate .
“ There will be a lot more synergy and a lot more things going on , ” Heumann said .
Fluffy wheat naan bread is topped with spicy hoisin barbecue sauce and juicy baked pineapple chunks in this flavor-packed little vegan tofu pizza .
This post documents my first time ever eating pineapple on pizza . To be honest , I 've always found the idea to be a bit strange . “ Normal ” pizza is made with red sauce and cheese , and those are n't exactly flavors that I want to pair with pineapple . My husband convinced me that pineapple pizza was awesome though , and something I had to blog at some point or another .
MY LATEST VIDEOS !
I do n't know about conventional pineapple pizza , but these little pies were out of this world . Maybe the best pizzas I 've ever had . I could n't get over how good they were ! And while I finally consider myself sold on the idea that pineapple on pizza is a good thing , I do think the other seemingly weird stuff I threw into this recipe helped with that .
Since I resigned myself to putting pineapple on pizza , I went a couple of steps further and put tofu and barbecue sauce on there as well . More weird stuff . I 've never seen a tofu or barbecue pizza offered at any takeout pizza place . They do n't know what they 're missing though . I went with hoisin barbecue sauce , because I thought some Asian flavors would go nicely with pineapple and tofu , and holy moly , I was so right .
If you 'd rather make a lazy version ( and lazy is the whole idea of naan pizza , is n't it ? ) you can use whatever type of bottled barbecue sauce you 've got on hand .
Print Pineapple & Smoky Baked Tofu Pizza with Spicy Hoisin Barbecue Sauce Fluffy naan bread is topped with spicy hoisin barbecue sauce and juicy baked pineapple chunks in this flavor-packed little vegan pizza . Prep Time 15 minutes Cook Time 40 minutes Total Time 55 minutes Servings 2 -4 Author Alissa Ingredients For the Smoky Baked Tofu 1/2 lb . extra firm tofu drained and pressed at least 20 minutes
3 tbsp . soy sauce
2 tbsp . rice vinegar
1 1/2 tsp . maple syrup or agave
1 tsp . liquid smoke For the Baked Pineapple 1 cup pineapple chunks about 1/4 of a pineapple For the Hoisin Barbecue Sauce 1/2 cup water
1/4 cup hoisin sauce
2 tbsp . tomato paste
2 tbsp . rice vinegar
1 tbsp . soy sauce
1 tsp . sriracha or to taste
2 garlic cloves minced For the Naan Pizzas 2 naan loaves store bought or homemade
2 scallions chopped
2 tbsp . fresh cilantro chopped Instructions Make the Smoky Baked Tofu Slice tofu into squares with about 1 inch sides , about 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick . Stir soy sauce , vinegar , maple syrup or agave , and liquid smoke together in a shallow dish . Place tofu in dish and spoon mixture overtop to coat . Optionally , allow marinating at room temperature for up to one hour ( I skipped this step , so feel free to do so as well ) . Preheat oven to 400º . Line a baking sheet with parchmet and arrange tofu squares in a single layer on top . Bake abot 40 minutes , gently flipping and basting with any excess marinade about halfway through . Prepare the Baked Pineapple Line a baking sheet with parchment and arrange pineapple chunks on top in a single layer . Bake until tender ( oven should already be set to 400º ) , about 20 minutes . Optionally , brush with a bit of barbecue sauce , which should already be simmering on the stove ( see next step ) , during the last . Prepare the Hoisin Barbecue Sauce While tofu and pineapple bake , place all ingredients in small saucepan . Stir a few times to blend and bring to a simmer . Simmer over low heat , stirring occasionally for about 15 minutes . Prepare the Naan Pizzas Optionally , place naan loaves into 400º and bake just until hot , about 3-4 minutes . Remove from oven and spread with hoisin barbecue sauce . Top with baked tofu , pineapple chunks , scallions and cilantro . Slice and serve . Recipe Notes Trader Joe 's carries vegan naan , though the loaves are a smaller than normal , so I 'd suggest using three loaves instead of two . Also check out Indian markets for vegan naan , or make your own - it 's easier than you think ! .
If you ca n't find vegan naan or prefer to , you can go with a conventional pizza crust . Double the recipes for the toppings and sauce to make 1 large pizza .
link
`` The travel has been , um , different , '' says infielder Brandon Laird , 24 , who played 11 games with the big Yankees last season .
The older buses these Yankees travel in have broken TVs , finicky Internet connections and `` a smell coming from the bathroom that no one has used for months , '' according to Figueroa .
The trip to Syracuse was the final leg of the 3,579 miles they would travel on buses before the break . The 6,401 miles they have flown were not much easier .
The home airport is in Buffalo , and the Yankees always connect through Baltimore . In June , they had a four-hour layover in Baltimore before arriving in Norfolk for the first game of six in four days .
`` Then on the way home , waiting for our flight back to Buffalo to then take the bus back to Rochester , and the gate next to us they announce last call for a flight for Rochester , '' Curtis says with a groan . `` You just wish it could be easier sometimes . ''
After the win in Allentown , Colangelo , clubhouse attendant Mike Macciocco and even Camoni , the VP , loaded equipment in two buses as players showered , dressed quickly , ate a postgame dinner of chicken and salmon and grabbed a container of road-trip pizza and drinks . The buses , with players and coaches asleep , were on the road less than an hour after the game .
Somewhere ahead of the buses were the wives of pitchers Adam Warren , 24 , and Chase Whitley , 23 , who have driven to almost every game this season .
`` It 's hard on them , too , '' Whitley says of the wives and girlfriends who have driven and ridden thousands of miles following the team . `` But my wife and I keep saying that we will be able to tell stories about surviving the 2012 season . ''
July 7 , 2012
Syracuse , N.Y .
The Yankees got to their Syracuse hotel around 2:30 a.m. Only the room numbers are different after three months of living in mid-priced hotels . Players have to keep the little envelope with the room number on it they get at check-in with them to remember where they are .
`` You can forget what room you are in , '' Laird says .
Living in hotels , the players miss kitchens , a couch and a place to leave their belongings .
`` You get tired of always sitting on beds , '' says Warren , who made their major-league debut in the Bronx on June 30 , allowing six earned runs in 2.1 innings , and was quickly sent back to Triple-A . `` I miss relaxing on a couch . ''
The players also have to beg , borrow and pay for long-term storage .
Whitley planned for a season in Trenton , where they would have lived in a normal apartment . Since they were promoted in April , the Whitleys have driven around in a Nissan Altima filled with clothes and kitchen supplies .
Cervelli , shocked to be sent to Triple-A after years in the Bronx , left most of the stuff from their city apartment in their car parked in Rochester .
`` My car is now my house , '' Cervelli says . `` It 's the only place that is mine . ''
Because of the unusual schedule , the players , who pay for their hotel rooms at `` home , '' do get extra meal money . But they are sick of eating out .
`` I do n't think I will eat a sandwich all offseason , '' says Curtis , who has played 31 games with the major league Yankees .
And they get to keep the hotel rewards points .
`` Vacations will be less expensive this year , '' Bulger says . `` That 's a positive . ''
July 8 , 2012
Syracuse , N.Y .
This team of mostly older veteran players has focused on the field and tried not to let the road become an excuse to lose . The players have adapted .
With no kitchens and few healthy food options , they work with strength and conditioning coach Lee Tressel on nutrition . A group bought a juicing machine , and players take turns bringing in fresh fruits and vegetables for healthy drinks .
Tressel has adapted , too . With no weight room , they created a `` gymnasium hallway , '' where players do their workouts .
`` The guys seem more willing to help each other out than other teams , '' Tressel says . `` We are taking care of each other . ''
Some take the hardship of being homeless in stride by ignoring it . Manager Dave Miley declines to talk about it .
Some just joke about it . Bernier thinks the team should have its own reality TV show .
Most just survive day to day .
`` It 's been kind of hard and crazy at times , '' says Joseph , `` but it 's still baseball .
`` We all want to get to the next level . We have n't let it stop us on the field . We 've focused on that and played well .
`` And , we 'll keep on going . ''
With 13 Days of Shot On Video I 'll be reviewing a new shot-on-video horror film every weekday for the last two weeks of October . You can view all entries HERE .
Mad Ron 's Prevues From Hell is such a singular , unique film that of course it could only be birthed during the '80s shot-on-video boom .
In fact , it 's not much of a movie at all : in reality , it 's 90 minutes of exploitation film trailers from the '60s and '70s hosted by a man and their zombie puppet . The trailers are film stock , but the interstitial wraparound segments featuring the ventriloquist and their dummy are pure shot-on-video awesomeness .
The movie begins when we see a group of zombies descending upon a movie theater ; the marquee reads “ Mad Ron 's Prevues from Hell ” . While the zombies futz about in the lobby ( drizzling blood on their popcorn , as zombies are wont to do ) , we 're introduced to a balding , bespectacled geek-type up in the projection booth . Their name is Nick , and he 's a ventriloquist ; their dummy — a rotting zombie — is named Happy Goldsplatt . After a little banter , they tell Mad Ron to start the first preview ( er , prevue . ) We see this wild-eyed deranged looking dude , slapping the reels on the film projector whilst frothing at the mouth ; this is Mad Ron . Then the first trailer begins . And baby , that 's basically it for the next 90 minutes .
Mad Ron 's Prevues from Hell is honestly one of a kind — as in , there are literally no other films like this . It 's vaguely reminiscent of Terror in the Aisles , minus the history and heady psychological breakdown of horror films , but with a lot more foul-mouthed puppet .
As the trailers go on , we see the zombies ascend the staircase towards the projection booth . As they reach the door to the booth , Happy pops out and commands them back down to the theater to continue watching the trailers , and they oblige . And that 's it . It 's so wonderfully strange and unintentionally hilarious . I say “ unintentional ” because , while the movie does include a lot of written jokes , most of them are such groaners — the real laughs come at the pure spectacle of it all .
I have to ask an important question : who is “ Mad Ron ” ? I did some Googling and digging to see if this character existed prior to this movie , but found nothing . I was hoping to find out that they had been some recognizable horror host from a small town in Philly or New York during the '80s , but as far as I could find out , they are n't . That means the character — which is hardly a character ( Nick and Happy are obviously the stars of the show and occupy most of the non-trailer footage ) — was created solely for this movie . But again , why Mad Ron ? Why not call it Mad Nick and Happy Goldsplatt 's Prevues from Hell ?
There are some interesting little bits dealing with film politics if you 're paying attention : early on , Nick makes a comment about how awful the MPAA is , and at the end of the film , Nick and Happy discover a guy illegally taping Mad Ron 's Prevues from Hell on their VCR , and they kill them for it . Home video recording was a big no-no in the '80s ( it kinda still is , but man it was major back then ) so it 's funny to see this at-the-time relevant commentary and the insanely harsh manner in which they dealt with the offender .
The best part about the movie is the trailers : tons of beautifully grainy trailers , some a little too red , some a little too teal , most of them jumpy and full of film dust . And the wonderful , hokey , and mostly ominous narration that accompanied each trailer . It 's definitely a bygone era . I tell you : watching these old gems , these were trailers . The garbage jump scares and loud music blasts that occupy a majority of modern trailers today are downright snooze-inducing compared to the wild , intense , unpredictable trailers from the heyday of '70s exploitation . The shit they got away with was pretty insane . Mad Ron 's Prevues from Hell introduced me to a lot of movies I 'd never even heard of and a lot of gorgeous trailers I 'd never seen .
But wait , I have n't even gotten to the craziest part about this movie : there 's a sequel ! Yes , somehow , there is a sequel to a movie about exploitation trailers . It 's called Celluloid Bloodbath : More Prevues from Hell , and it was released in 2012 — 25 years after the original . And while I 've not seen the sequel , the synopsis ( and trailer ) promise more of the same : a puppet cracking wise in between exploitation trailers from the '60s , '70s , and '80s .
Believe it or not , Mad Ron 's Prevues from Hell has a very active and up-to-date Facebook page , and you should definitely check it out . They have tons of great old behind-the-scenes photos from the movie set , and they 're a lot of fun to peruse . And fear not Happy Goldsplatt fans — they have their own page , too .
Google rolled out version 2.6 of the Google+ app for Android today , updating its UI and adding several new features , but it appears to have left something hidden under the hood as well . A source informed us — and we have confirmed — that inside the APK for the new Google+ app are references to features called `` Events '' and `` Local , '' listed alongside Photos , Circles , and the other modules currently found in the app 's navigation pane . Of course , the discovery unto itself does n't mean that the features are immediately forthcoming , but the incorporation of events as well as geolocation-oriented functionality are obvious areas for Google to explore as it brings its social network up to par with Facebook . We 'll continue to dig , and will let you know what else we discover .
Chris Ziegler contributed to this report .
Connection filter worked for me also - it was solid . It would occasionally get borked up by some console peasant rocking a wireless connection to their router on the other side of their house , but things were otherwise pretty good .
It gave me a pretty good indication as to what matches against dudes in my region will be like on the onus they are n't using wireless and I got ta say , it felt pretty cool . What was especially noticeable was playing around in training mode , playing a match , then dropping back into training mode and not having to re-adjust timings like you would with SFIV due to it 's delay network system .
I like that a lot . It makes the experience somewhat uniform and therefore pretty fun .
There 's no way in unholy fuckin ' hell anyone is playing this game in any legitimate sense across large distances , but perhaps playable quality matches potentially will reach a little further than SFIV ever could , which in turns opens things up for many people - particularly you freedom lovers and dudes in Europe .
Those of us trapped on penal colony island continents remain kinda screwed , though it 's possible Indonesia and Malaysia could become our new online mates too . For a while there I was convinced I had some pretty tidy connections to Japanese dudes in the last beta , but I did have a couple whiskeys combined with being mildly retarded most of the time anyway so who knows .
I definitely want the ability to browse matches - and I expect we 'll get it - if anything because I am genuinely curious about what is possible connection-wise to further out countries .
Parade of Wonders 2016
Back for another year is the Parade Of Wonders ! This year 's parade is Friday , April 29th , 2016 at 10:30 .
Come down to Stephen Avenue and watch as hundreds of cosplayers march down the streets of Downtown Calgary to celebrate the start of the 2016 Calgary Expo .
If you 've missed previous year 's events , you wo n't want to miss what is shaping up to be the biggest Parade of Wonders yet ! Participants of all ages come out to celebrate their favourite characters in sci-fi , comics , anime , movies and so much more .
The parade starts at Eau Claire Plaza and makes it 's way up 3rd Street SW , and then heads east down Stephen Avenue ( 8th avenue SW ) until it finishes at Olympic Plaza .
Find more information on our website : Parade of Wonders 2016 or on the Calgary Expo website . If you 'd like to march in the parade , you 'll need to Register for the Parade of Wonders .
See more photos of the parade from previous years and we 'll see you on April 29th !
This slideshow requires JavaScript .
( CNN ) Scientists might have just pinpointed a nonsurgical way for women at a high risk of breast cancer to minimize their chances of developing the devastating disease .
About 12 % of all women across the United States will develop breast cancer in their lifetime , according to the National Cancer Institute . However , about 65 % of women with a mutation in the breast cancer gene BRCA1 will develop breast cancer by age 70 .
Women with the mutated gene have very few options to minimize that risk . Most , including actor Angelina Jolie , resort to a mastectomy as a preventive measure .
The beginnings of a breast tumor are shown in green in this visualization .
But a new study , published in the journal Nature Medicine on Monday , suggests that a drug already on the market to treat osteoporosis could be another option in the fight against breast cancer .
The research shows that the drug , denosumab , can stop certain breast tissue cells with the mutation from morphing into cancerous tumors , said Jane Visvader , a scientist at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Australia and a co-author of the study .
`` If this is an effective prevention strategy , then our hope is that it will be possible to prevent or delay breast cancer in women with a BRCA1 mutation and possibly other women at high genetic risk , '' they said . `` It would be great if this strategy could 'buy time ' for women considering having mastectomies . ''
For the study , 33 samples of breast tissue with no BRCA1 mutations and 24 samples of breast tissue with the mutations were analyzed . The researchers noticed that a molecule called RANK was prevalent in a certain subset of cells in BRCA1 breast tissue . Those cells seemed to be the most likely to transform into cancer cells .
`` We have now been able to pinpoint the precise culprit cells and were very excited to see that they express the RANK protein , '' said Geoff Lindeman , a clinician-scientist at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute and a co-author of the study . `` Over the last few years , it has become increasingly clear from the work of several groups that RANK ligand , which switches on RANK , is an important regulator of cell growth in the breast . ''
The researchers attempted to shut down RANK in those cells by injecting the tissue samples with a dose of denosumab , using the drug as an inhibitor . Denosumab is an approved drug known to target RANK ligand , and used to treat bone-related conditions , such as osteoporosis or bone loss in cancer patients .
The researchers then repeated this strategy using an inhibitor in mice experiments .
It turned out that the inhibitor was successful in delaying and preventing tumor growth in both the tissue samples and mice , compared with the samples and mice that did n't receive the drug .
As part of a pilot study , Lindeman said , three women with a BRCA1 mutation were treated with denosumab , and the results `` were promising . ''
The researchers concluded that denosumab injections possibly could be used in women with a high risk of breast cancer as a preventive measure . They even called the study an important first step in achieving the `` holy grail '' of breast cancer prevention
Researchers found that an existing drug might block breast cancer in women with BRCA1 gene .
Of course , more tests and clinical trials are needed before denosumab can be considered for use as a breast cancer preventive drug .
Researchers at NYU Langone Medical Center are planning to conduct a clinical trial . They hope to further examine the molecular changes that occur in breast tissue when a dose of denosumab is administered , said Dr. Francisco Esteva , professor at NYU Langone 's Perlmutter Cancer Center , who was not involved in the most recent study .
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter .
`` The new study does not change any management or clinical use of any drugs at this point , but it provides data that can be tested in a clinical trial , '' they said . `` The data are compelling . ''
Lindeman and Visvader said their research team is also hoping to contribute to a large international collaborative clinical trial , starting within the next two years .
`` Of course , results from a large clinical study would take time : up to 10 years , '' Lindeman said . `` However , this does offer hope for the next generation of women . ''
If I said to you , “ Describe Anna Karenina , ” perhaps you 'd mention them beauty . If you were reading closely you 'd mention their “ thick lashes , ” their weight , or maybe even their little downy mustache ( yes—it 's there ) . Matthew Arnold remarks upon “ Anna 's shoulders , and masses of hair , and half-shut eyes … ”
But what does Anna Karenina look like ? You may feel intimately acquainted with a character ( people like to say , of a brilliantly described character , It 's like I know her ) , but this does n't mean you are actually picturing a person . Nothing so fixed—nothing so choate .
Most authors ( wittingly , unwittingly ) provide their fictional characters with more behavioral than physical description . Even if an author excels at physical description , we are left with shambling concoctions of stray body parts and random detail ( authors ca n't tell us everything ) . We fill in gaps . We shade them in . We gloss over them . We elide . Anna : their hair , their weight—these are only facets , and do not make up a true image of a person . They make up a body type , a hair color … What does Anna look like ? We do n't know—our mental sketches of characters are worse than police composites .
Visualizing seems to require will …
… though at times it may also seem as though an image of a sort appears to us unbidden .
( It is tenuous , and withdraws shyly upon scrutiny . )
I canvass readers . I ask them if they can clearly imagine their favorite characters . To these readers , a beloved character is , to borrow William Shakespeare 's phrase , “ bodied forth . ”
These readers contend that the success of a work of fiction hinges on the putative authenticity of the characters . Some readers go further and suggest that the only way they can enjoy a novel is if the main characters are easily visible :
“ Can you picture , in your mind , what Anna Karenina looks like ? ” I ask .
“ Yes , ” they say , “ as if they were standing here in front of me . ”
“ What does their nose look like ? ”
“ I had n't thought it out ; but now that I think of it , they would be the kind of person who would have a nose like … ”
“ But wait—How did you picture them before I asked ? Noseless ? ”
“ Well … ”
“ Do they have a heavy brow ? Bangs ? Where do they hold their weight ? Do they slouch ? Do they have laugh lines ? ”
( Only a very tedious writer would tell you this much about a character . Though Tolstoy never tires of mentioning Anna 's slender hands . What does this emblematic description signify for Tolstoy ? )
Some readers swear they can picture these characters perfectly , but only while they are reading . I doubt this , but I wonder now if our images of characters are vague because our visual memories are vague in general .
* * *
A thought experiment : Picture your mother . Now picture your favorite literary character . ( Or : Picture your home . Then picture Howards End . ) The difference between your mother 's afterimage and that of a literary character you love is that the more you concentrate , the more your mother might come into focus . A character will not reveal themselves so easily . ( The closer you look , the farther away they get . )
( Actually , this is a relief . When I impose a face on a fictional character , the effect is n't one of recognition , but dissonance . I end up imagining someone I know . * And then I think , That is n't Anna ! )
* I recently had the experience while reading a novel wherein I thought I had clearly seen a character—a society woman with “ widely spaced eyes. ” When I subsequently scrutinized my imagination , I discovered that what I had been imagining was the face of one of my coworkers , grafted onto the body of an elderly friend of my grandmother 's . When brought into focus , this was not a pleasant sight .
Often , when I ask someone to describe the physical appearance of a key character from their favorite book they will tell me how this character moves through space . ( Much of what takes place in fiction is choreographic . )
One reader told me Benjy Compson from William Faulkner 's The Sound and the Fury was “ lumbering , uncoordinated … ”
But what do they look like ?
Literary characters are physically vague—they have only a few features , and these features hardly seem to matter—or , rather , these features matter only in that they help to refine a character 's meaning . Character description is a kind of circumscription . A character 's features help to delineate their boundaries—but these features do n't help us truly picture a person . *
* * *
It is precisely what the text does not elucidate that becomes an invitation to our imaginations . So I ask myself : Is it that we imagine the most , or the most vividly , when an author is at their most elliptical or withholding ?
( In music , notes and chords define ideas , but so do rests . )
* Or is it that comprehensiveness is not an important factor in the identification of anything ?
William Gass , on Mr. Cashmore from Henry James 's The Awkward Age :
We can imagine any number of other sentences about Mr. Cashmore added … now the question is : what is Mr. Cashmore ? Here is the answer I shall give : Mr. Cashmore is ( 1 ) a noise , ( 2 ) a proper name , ( 3 ) a complex system of ideas , ( 4 ) a controlling perception , ( 5 ) an instrument of verbal organization , ( 6 ) a pretended mode of referring , and ( 7 ) a source of verbal energy .
The same could be said of any character—of Nanda , from the same book , or of Anna Karenina . Of course—is n't the fact that Anna is ineluctably drawn to Vronsky ( and feels trapped in their marriage ) more significant than the mere morphological fact of them being , say , “ full-figured ” ?
It is how characters behave , in relation to everyone and everything in their fictional , delineated world , that ultimately matters . ( “ Lumbering , uncoordinated … ” )
Though we may think of characters as visible , they are more like a set of rules that determines a particular outcome . A character 's physical attributes may be ornamental , but their features can also contribute to their meaning .
( What is the difference between seeing and understanding ? )
Take Karenin 's ears … ( Karenin is the cuckolded husband of Anna Karenina . ) Are their ears large or small ?
At Petersburg , so soon as the train stopped and they got out , the first person that attracted their attention was their husband . ‘ Oh , mercy ! Why do their ears look like that ? ' they thought , looking at their frigid and imposing figure , and especially the ears that struck them at the moment as propping up the brim of their round hat …
Karenin 's ears grow in proportion to their wife 's disaffection with him . In this way , these ears tell us nothing about how Karenin looks , and a great deal about how Anna feels .
Ishmael. ” What happens when you read the first line of Herman Melville 's Moby-Dick ?
You are being addressed , but by whom ? Chances are you hear the line ( in your mind 's ear ) before you picture the speaker . I can hear Ishmael 's words more clearly than I can see their face . ( Audition requires different neurological processes than vision , or smell . And I would suggest that we hear more than we see while we are reading . )
If you did manage to summon an image of Ishmael , what did you come up with ? A seafaring man of some sort ? ( Is this a picture or a category ? ) Do you picture Richard Basehart , the actor in the John Huston adaptation ?
( One should watch a film adaptation of a favorite book only after considering , very carefully , the fact that the casting of the film may very well become the permanent casting of the book in one 's mind . This is a very real hazard . )
* * *
What color is your Ishmael 's hair ? Is it curly or straight ? Are they taller than you ? If you do n't picture them clearly , do you merely set aside a chit , a placeholder that says , “ Protagonist , narrator—first person ” ? Maybe this is enough . Ishmael probably evokes a feeling in you—but this is not the same as seeing him .
Maybe Melville had a specific image in mind for their Ishmael . Maybe Ishmael looked like someone they knew from their years at sea . But Melville 's image is not ours . And no matter how well illustrated Ishmael may or may not be ( I ca n't remember if Melville describes Ishmael 's physical attributes , and I 've read the book three times ) , chances are we will have to constantly revise our image of them as the book progresses . We are ever reviewing and reconsidering our mental portraits of characters in novels : amending them , backtracking to check on them , updating them when new information arises …
What kind of face you assign to Ishmael might depend upon what mood you are in on a particular day . Ishmael might look as different from one chapter to the next as , say , Tashtego does from Stubb .
Sometimes , in a play , several actors perform a single role . In these instances , the cognitive dissonance aroused by multiple actors is evident to the theatrical audience . But after reading a novel , we think back on its characters as if they were played by single actors . ( In a narrative , multiplicity of “ character ” is read as psychological complexity . )
Another question : As a character develops throughout the course of a novel , does the way this character “ looks ” to you ( their appearance ) change … as a result of their inner development ? ( A real person may become more beautiful to us once we are better acquainted with their nature—and in these cases our increased affection is n't due to some closer physical observation . )
Are characters complete as soon as they are introduced ? Perhaps they are complete , but just out of order ; the way a puzzle might be .
Levin gazed at the portrait , which stood out from the frame in the brilliant light thrown on it , and they could not tear themselves away from it … It was not a picture , but a living , charming woman , with black curling hair , with bare arms and shoulders , with a pensive smile on the lips , covered with soft down ; triumphantly and softly they looked at them with eyes that baffled him . They were not living only because they were more beautiful than a living woman can be .
—Anna Karenina
Peter Mendelsund is the associate art director of Alfred A. Knopf and a recovering classical pianist . Their designs have been described by The Wall Street Journal as being “ the most instantly recognizable and iconic book covers in contemporary fiction. ” They live in New York .
This is an excerpt from What We See When We Read , by Peter Mendelsund . Copyright © 2014 by Peter Mendelsund . With permission of the publisher , Vintage Books . All rights reserved .
This Wednesday , August 22 , 192 Books is hosting a discussion with Peter Mendelsund and Leanne Shapton in honor of What We See When We Read and Cover .
A teenager who fears they wo n't be able to have children after being hit between the legs by a water fountain has revealed how the accident has ruined their sex life .
Shelby Clarke , from Manchester , fears their boyfriend Danny Lendon will cheat on them as they are n't able to enjoy sex after suffering serious gynaecological injuries in the incident in Blackpool .
The 19-year-old , who has now been awarded a five-figure settlement over the incident , was on a family trip when they were hit by a jet at The Pleasure Beach , leaving them needing two hours of surgery and 250 stitches .
Shelby Clarke , now 19 , had the accident when they were only 14 at Blackpool 's Pleasure Beach
The attraction ( pictured ) , called The Spectacular Dancing Water Fountain , caused their injuries which look to doctors like they had been raped
Although Miss Clarke has now agreed compensation with The Pleasure Beach , says their sex life has been almost ruined by the accident - and they do not know whether they will be able to have children without complications in the future .
They said : 'Having sex was excruciating at first . Even now , I ca n't have sex as much as I would like , and so that makes me worry that my boyfriend will lose patience and cheat on me .
' I do n't know if I can have a baby naturally in the future - my doctors say we will just have to wait and see . '
Miss Clarke had gone to Blackpool as a Halloween treat with their mum , Karen , step-father , James , and their friend , Sarah , in October 2009 .
Care manager Karen , 45 , said : 'We had stayed in the same hotel several times before ; it was around the corner from the Pleasure Beach so it was ideal .
Shelby first met their boyfriend , Danny Lendon at 17 - three years after the incident - but sexual intercourse left them crippled in pain
Shelby ( pictured left ) was only 14 when they went on holiday with their family ( pictured right - mum and dad ) when one of the jets of the Blackpool attraction knocked them off their feet and they suffered gynaelogical injuries
'When we arrived , the girls went off to The Pleasure Beach and arranged to be back for our evening meal . Sarah was 16 and Shelby was 14 and they were sensible girls . '
At The Pleasure Beach , the teenagers noticed a new attraction , The Spectacular Dancing Water Fountain , which was a series of water jets , shooting up through paving stones .
The centre-piece jet was the most powerful , shooting up to 200 feet into the air .
Miss Clarke said : 'There were loads of kids running through the water jets so Sarah and I joined in . But as were playing , I was hit by a very powerful jet .
'It knocked me off my feet and I felt I needed to go to the toilet immediately . But I noticed there was blood everywhere . '
Sarah helped them back to the hotel , where Karen called an ambulance .
When Shelby ( left ) realised there was something wrong they alerted their mother Karen ( right ) who - in horror - called an ambulance
When Shelby , who was 14 at the time , was injured in the accident , they needed two hours of surgery and 250 stitches
Karen said : ' I did n't know what was wrong . Shelby told me the water jet had knocked them off their feet and they were bleeding really heavily from them bottom .
'Her clothes were soaked and they were pale and very groggy . '
Shelby was rushed to hospital where they needed 250 stitches , both internally and externally .
Karen said : 'When I saw what had happened , I was sickened . They were badly injured , literally ripped right across from their bottom to their vagina .
'The consultant took me aside and said they thought they might have been raped . I was appalled . By now , Shelby was under anaesthetic so they could n't speak up .
'Sarah kept telling us that their injuries were from a water jet - but the doctors said that was n't possible , because their injuries were too severe . I was beside myself with panic . '
Miss Clarke underwent two hours of surgery , and subsequent tests showed that they had not been attacked .
Shelby has stated they are lucky to have a supportive boyfriend in Danny ( right )
They spent three days in hospital and was off school for a further six weeks .
They said : ' I was terrified of going to the toilet afterwards , because it was so painful . I became terrified of going to the loo . It almost became a phobia .
'My periods became very heavy and so painful . My doctor gave me an implant to stop my periods , but I still suffered with pain and sudden bleeds .
' I was terrified that I might start bleeding , on the bus or in class . I even had to be home-schooled for a few months because I was paranoid about being around other people . '
Miss Clarke met their first boyfriend , Danny Lendon , aged 17 , but sexual intercourse left them crippled in pain .
Shelby does not know whether they will be able to have children in the future and has stated their fear : `` I ca n't help thinking that if it had been a two year old running through the water , they might have been killed '
Tests showed they had a large amount of scar tissue and they are now waiting to have it removed .
Miss Clarke said : ' I was terrified of having sex . Danny was very supportive and mum helped me too .
' I can enjoy sex but I ca n't have it very often - and so then I start to worry that Danny might cheat on me or leave me . I 'm very lucky that Danny is patient and understanding , and it has made our relationship much stronger . '
Miss Clarke does not know if they will be able to have children in the future and is also facing surgery to remove scar tissue around their cervix .
Shelby has said they wanted to 'bring the legal action to make sure this does n't happen to anyone else '
The family took legal action against The Pleasure Beach who awarded Shelby a five-figure sum in compensation . Them settlement includes money to cover possible treatment in the future when they want children .
An investigation was carried out by the HSE and was very critical of Blackpool Pleasure Beach for failing to undertake necessary risk assessments .
Miss Clarke said : ' I had to relive my ordeal , over and over , and discuss my sex life and my periods with gynaecologists , solicitors and barristers . It was very embarrassing but I was determined to see it through .
' I ca n't help thinking that if it had been a two-year-old running through the water , they might have been killed . I wanted to bring the legal action to make sure this does n't happen to anyone else . '
Sabrina McCarron , a specialist serious injury lawyer from Irwin Mitchell , representing the family , said : 'This was a very tragic accident that could have been avoided had the appropriate risk assessments and safety measures been implemented .
'Although a Health and Safety Executive investigation criticised Blackpool Pleasure Beach for failing to undertake a proper risk assessment and safety measures were recommended to provide adequate protection for lawful visitors no formal admission of liability was made on behalf of Blackpool Pleasure Beach .
'An out-of-court five-figure settlement was eventually agreed and compensation has now been secured for Shelby to help them access the treatment and rehabilitation they now require helping with their recovery . '
A spokesperson for Blackpool Pleasure Beach said : 'Since the incident , strict procedures have been out in place to ensure guests do not enter the fountains during a show .
A ( Very ) Cold War on the Russia-Norway Border
MURMANSK , Russia — A small group of local drivers waited in the chilly gloom of this Arctic city on a recent morning , minivans idling , for the flight from Moscow . Ignoring the Russians filing off the plane , they closed in on a new type of client : asylum-seekers from the Middle East , who stepped bleary-eyed and too thinly dressed into the dim polar dawn .
Kirill , a Russian who refused to give their last name , haggled with a Syrian family of four on the price for the three-hour drive from Murmansk to Borisoglebsk , Russia 's remote border outpost with Norway . “ We are here so they do n't wander , get lost ; so that everything is organized , ” they said , loading the family into a blue van . The car was already packed with four new , boxed-up bicycles — an absurd loophole around a ban on foot traffic at the border exploited by smugglers who would otherwise face fines or arrest by Norwegian police for driving migrants without visas . ( By day 's end , two big dumpsters on the Norwegian side of the border that sat empty at daybreak were brimming over by nightfall with bicycles seized from migrants by border guards . )
Until recently , it was the rare tourist who ever used the far-flung crossing . But today , drawn by fast-spreading word of a new route to Europe 's visa-free Schengen Area , hundreds pass through each week . Police in the sleepy Norwegian border town of Kirkenes , with a population of 10,200 people , are bracing for 10,800 migrants by year 's end , said Mayor Rune Rafaelsen . And , like many Norwegians , including officials in the national government , they blame Moscow for enabling the influx .
Norway 's Arctic refugee crisis has strained the country 's hospitality , and revived tensions with Moscow that have mostly been dormant since the collapse of the Soviet Union . Even some of Norway 's more Russian-friendly politicians and analysts have begun accusing Moscow of facilitating the sudden surge in asylum-seekers as retribution for sanctions over the Ukraine conflict , a claim Russia denies . Other Norwegians are calling for a return to the Cold War-era policy of keeping the border closed entirely .
Norway has been an active participant in the sanctions regime against Russia , said Rafaelsen , who previously headed the Norwegian Barents Secretariat , a state-funded body to promote cooperation with Moscow . “ And now , ” they said “ it is payback time . ”
In the midst of growing concerns about refugee flows in the wake of the Paris attacks , Norway 's government is proposing tougher asylum rules in the form emergency legislation . Oslo has advertised the impending law in a social media campaign designed to discourage future migrants — mostly from Syria and Afghanistan . “ The current Immigration Act is not designed for the situation we are up against today , ” said Prime Minister Erna Solberg .
Traffic along the Arctic route has grown so swiftly — to some 200 asylum-seekers a day , Norwegian police say — in part because it is viewed as a safer , faster alternative to the perilous Mediterranean Sea crossing , where thousands have drowned fleeing violence or joblessness at home .
“ This is better : by sea is very dangerous , ” said Kamal , a Palestinian from Damascus traveling with their pregnant wife , who preferred not to give their last name lest it harm their asylum application . As soon as they and their wife received Russian tourist visas last month , they flew to Moscow where they swapped planes for Murmansk and headed for Europe 's northernmost border . “ This Russian road is new ; I am the first from my family , ” said the 29-year-old , a rare jovial character among the tight-lipped , fearful migrants making the journey .
Unlike Kamal , many of the migrants now heading north fled to Russia years ago and have lived there in limbo , unable to attain permanent visas , often working menial jobs in sweatshops and fast-food stands under constant threat of being deported . Although obtaining Russian tourist or student visas is relatively easy at consulates in Damascus , Kabul , Istanbul , or Baghdad , the long-term documents needed to build a new life are hard to come by .
Only three Syrians have been granted full-fledged refugee status and 2,000 temporary asylum by Russia since the start of the conflict in 2011 , according to Russia 's Federal Migration Service ( FMS ) . “ And who knows how big a bribe they paid , ” said Svetlana Gannushkina , a leading Russian campaigner for refugee and migrant rights . “ It 's a very corrupt system. ” For those denied asylum , news of a safe passage to Norway offers a second chance . “ I could n't go home , ” says Samir , a Syrian migrant who asked that their last name not be used , outside a Norwegian transit center for migrants . “ I did n't want to fight , to kill . ”
While the Kremlin is aware of migrants using Russia as a transit corridor to Europe , President Vladimir Putin 's spokesperson told Russian news agencies in September that the burden for caring for them should fall “ on those countries linked to causing the catastrophic situation. ” Putin has blamed the refugee crisis on U.S. foreign policy for which its European allies “ must bear the burden . ”
In September , some 12,000 Syrians remained in Russia , according to the FMS . “ As long as Norway is letting people in , they will leave Russia , ” Gannushkina said . “ Here , they are without a home , without social security , without a status . ”
But in Norway , a country of 5.2 million people , overwhelmed officials have begun to balk at the surge . With two 150-bed complexes already full in Kirkenes and a former military base near the airport hurriedly being readied to accommodate 600 more migrants , the situation was described as “ very demanding ” by Joran Kallmyr , Norway 's state secretary at the Ministry of Justice and Public Security , in an email . “ The large number of migrants arriving every day challenges our capacity and local resources , ” Kallmyr said . Norway has currently agreed to accept 8,000 refugees by 2017 in order to meet United Nations quotas .
Frustrated officials point with suspicion to the tiny numbers seeking asylum across Russia 's far busier , far longer , 833-mile border with non-NATO-member Finland , which is also a member of the Schengen Area but with whom Russia has warmer ties . Norway 's Foreign Minister Borge Brende told public broadcaster NRK that they had challenged their Russian counterpart , Sergei Lavrov , at a meeting on the sidelines of a regional summit on Oct. 14 on “ why hundreds of asylum-seekers are coming from Russia to Norway , while there is no one going from Russia to Finland. ” They added : “ Mr . Lavrov said they would look into the matter . ”
On Wednesday , the Russian Embassy in Oslo dismissed as “ baseless ” claims that Moscow had a hand in directing the flow of migrants , saying the choice of Norway likely had more to do with attractive immigration and welfare policies . “ Foreign nationals are free to choose the border crossing through which they want to leave , ” it said , adding : “ The Russian authorities have no reason to prevent them . ”
Once migrants arrive by train or flight to Murmansk , they buy a seat in the minivans that wait at the airport to take them — and their bicycles — the 136 miles further through Russia 's forlorn , misty tundra to the border . It is a region closely monitored by the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , which controls Russia 's borders . Along the way , migrants encounter two control points , where Kalashnikov-touting guards flanked by German shepherds check identification .
While they scan for proper Russian visas , drivers and migrants say the guards are n't concerned with whether they have Schengen ones . Some migrants stopped in Murmansk said they were visited by FSB officers but were wished safe travels when they told them their intention was to head for the border , Russia 's Tass news agency reported earlier this month . “ Russia is n't doing anything to stop the flow , ” said Gannushkina . “ From what Syrians have told us , the FSB employees practically showed them the way . ”
“ Now that Russia is seeing it can really get people riled up over this , it 's saying , ‘ Let 's fuel it . Let 's at least not prevent it , ' ” said Charly Salonius-Pasternak , a researcher at the Finnish Institute of International Affairs . “ What do they have to do ? Just be a little bit lax about border policy . ”
But they also added that the influx “ may be by omission , rather than commission ” — that is , Russia might not mind the flow of migrants into Norway , but that does n't mean they 're actively encouraging it .
In the Russian mining town of Nikel — the last stop on the Arctic journey before the border — the influx has made for surreal scenes for local residents . “ I saw like 20 guys cycling down the main street in the snow a week ago , ” Daniel , a 17-year-old student , said . “ It was so funny ; it blew my mind. ” By now , many local men have gotten in on the lucrative refugee-smuggling business , with drivers charging between $ 400 and $ 1,000 for the journey from Murmansk to the border . ( And since bikes are no longer sold at sports stores in Russia 's north at this time of year , smugglers have a monopoly on that mandatory conveyance : They often sell rickety , child-size bicycles to desperate migrants for $ 200 each , sight unseen . )
The only hotel in Nikel — 30 rooms on the top two floors of a grey Soviet-era apartment bloc — has become the local hub for migrants , who are parked there by smugglers to wait , sometimes for days , for their turn to cross the tiny border post ( open only from 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. ) . The hotel halls are packed , with people spilling out into makeshift beds in the halls and stairwells , desperate to trade their last dollars and smartphones to be taken the final 22 miles to the border .
But as temperatures plummet , the migrants ' determination to complete their journey has raised humanitarian concerns voiced by rights activists and politicians on both sides of the border . Locals north of the Arctic Circle all have tales of the danger of the vicious weather , with temperatures plunging to negative 22 degrees Fahrenheit . On their first attempt to cross , Samir , was duped by a Russian driver who dropped them off 37 miles from the border . “ I thought I was going to die on the road it was so cold , ” they said . “ The bicycle , ” they said , gesturing knee-height , “ it was like this . ”
In an effort to stem the tide , Norway announced last month it would begin turning back migrants who had valid Russian visas to send a “ clear signal ” to those it believes have no need of protection . But Russia foiled those plans by denying reentry , said Kallmyr .
Norway 's northernmost Finnmark region has become one of the fiercest venues for bellicose posturing between Russia and NATO in recent months , with Norway holding its largest military exercise there since 1967 in March .
In response to the refugee crisis , Norway convened a special meeting of the foreign relations and defense committee in early November , where local media and analysts say the committee discussed the possibility of closing the 122-mile border . For now , the country 's conservative government , citing concerns over potential economic and diplomatic fallout , has resisted calls to do so from leaders of the populist Progress Party , the ruling coalition 's junior member .
In the meantime , local Norwegian border police are left hoping the harsh winter will dissuade more from making the long , cold passage . “ It will get much darker and much snowier , ” said Goran Stenseth , deputy head of Storskog border post . “ We will have almost complete dark 24/7 ; it 's a pretty new situation for those migrants . ”
But with the anxieties of the journey — and their rickety bikes — left behind , most migrants were effusive upon arrival in the quaint , brightly painted streets of Kirkenes before the first snow settled at the end of October .
“ Better the cold than bombs , ” Samir beamed , showing off their temporary stay permit . “ Life is fantastic here . It 's better than Russia . God willing things get better in Syria , I will go back immediately , but now the Russians are bombing there , too , so I do n't know when I can go home . ”
JONATHAN NACKSTRAND/AFP/Getty Images
Having to spend any time on a boat `` pumping disgusting levels of bass '' sounds more like a sentence to be endured with tranquillisers than a party to be enjoyed with ecstasy , but to each their own . In any event , the police operation did n't stop the drugs . The police marine commander , Superintendent Joe McNulty , said : `` These four men are lucky they did n't end up in the morgue . `` It is the young people in the community we are concerned about , and their access to drugs , and their choice . There is no control over where these drugs were made ; it is organised crime supplying these drugs . '' All of which is true . Taking illicit drugs is about as good for you as , I do n't know , getting blind drunk on whisky . Taking ecstasy , MDMA , ice , cocaine or heroin is hardly a good strategy for optimal health . Buying a substance on the word of a crook does n't come with a consumer money-back guarantee , although if anything should come with such assurance , it 's a mind-altering substance . One thing is clear from the current strategy in the war on drugs : prohibition is a ruinously expensive failure .
As former AFP commissioner Mick Palmer wrote in 2012 : `` The reality is that , contrary to frequent assertions , drug law enforcement has had little impact on the Australian drug market . This is true in most countries in the world . In Australia , the police are better resourced than ever , better trained than ever , more effective than ever and yet their impact on the drug trade , on any objective assessment , has been minimal . '' The intention of prohibition – making drug consumers criminals – is to stop consumption , but it does n't work . Because it does n't , prohibition effectively protects the criminal cartels which deal drugs : no tax , no costly safety standards , no workers ' compensation for those in your distribution network . Those dealers who get caught are usually mules or street-level addicts . Prohibition fills prisons with them and clogs the courts and does 10-fifths of bugger all to reduce addiction . Yet it is so embedded in the political culture of Australia , the US , and international law , that we ignore sensible and proven alternative ways to reduce the harm to users while bankrupting the murderous criminal syndicates who supply them . Portugal decriminalised personal possession over a decade ago . It 's still illegal but the sanctions are n't criminal . The reforms came with better treatment , so conclusions are only valid for the whole package . What is clear , is there was no explosion in drug use . The rates of continued and problematic drug use dropped .
Deaths because of drug use dropped from 80 in 2001 to 16 in 2012 , a report compiled by Transform said . Drug use in Portugal remains below the European average . Plenty of other places have effectively decriminalised possession of small amounts of cannabis for some people , including NSW , South Australia and the ACT . In some South American countries , laws banning possession have been struck down as unconstitutional . The recent moves in Uruguay , Colorado and Washington state to not just decriminalise but legalise one drug , cannabis , show the radical but sensible way forward .
The law changed in Colorado on January 1 , 2014 , so it 's too soon to draw many long-term conclusions , but crime rates and traffic fatalities have both decreased slightly . That may have nothing to do with legalisation . However , the fears of both increasing as everyone got baked have n't been realised . Australia should ditch the obsession with prohibition and at least try to fight the war on drugs properly : as a health issue , not a legal one .
If you legalise drug use , you can regulate and tax it . As that notable journal for hippies , The Economist , concluded last year : `` By legalising cannabis from cultivation to retail , [ Uruguay , Colorado and Washington ] have snatched the industry away from crooks and given it to law-abiding entrepreneurs . Unlike the mafia , they pay tax and obey rules on where , when and to whom they can sell their products . Money saved on policing weed can be spent on chasing real criminals or on treatment for addicts . '' There is no doubt police and politicians across the country care about the health of people who use drugs . But their strategy needs to drastically change to win their war . Legalisation is not defeatist , nor does it make drug consumption either compulsory or desirable . But it just might have helped those four young men on Friday , and many others like them . Tim Dick is a Sydney lawyer .
