I EXCITE I EXCITE I EXCITE
Dodgers will name Oakland 's Farhan Zaidi the new general manager later this week , according to baseball source . — Ken Gurnick ( @ kengurnick ) November 5 , 2014
Smart people with billions of dollars : the new inefficiency .
And I do mean smart , by the way . Zaidi is 37 and has a Ph.D in economics from Berkeley after going undergrad to MIT .
From Technology Review in 2011 :
One afternoon late in 2004 , Farhan Zaidi ‘ 98 , then a graduate student at UC Berkeley , was scrolling through their favorite websites as they ate their lunch . They were in the midst of their PhD research in behavioral economics , a branch of economics that incorporates elements of psychology . But when they saw a posting for a baseball operations position with the Oakland A 's , they dropped their sandwich and shot off a résumé immediately . “ It was too good to pass up , ” Zaidi says . They beat more than 1,000 other applicants to get the job , which they began after taking leave from Berkeley in January 2005 . He 's now in their sixth season with the team , their second as director of baseball operations . Zaidi , who was born in Canada , played Little League baseball growing up in the Philippines and watched the big-leaguers on summer vacations with relatives on both U.S. coasts . At MIT , they studied public finance and development economics . They also led the undergraduate economics association , organizing lectures by all-stars including Paul Krugman , PhD ‘ 77 , now a Nobel laureate . After graduation they worked in management consulting for the Boston Consulting Group and then in business development for the Sporting News ' fantasy-sports website before heading west for graduate school .
From a 2005 interview , which I 'm only including here because hey , maybe they saw something in someone we used to like a lot :
Who is the best prospect in the A 's system that we have n't heard of yet ? Given how high-profile our farm system is because of the book , that 's a tough one . I 'll just cite two guys who are off to spectacular starts in '05 who were probably not on the radar before this season — Andre Ethier , an outfielder and '03 draftees out of OSU , and Dallas Braden , a left-handed starting pitcher and '04 draftees out of Texas Tech . Braden started the year in Stockton but was recently promoted up to Midland ( whether Ethier has been all year ) .
From an August profile , shared by Eric Stephen :
The sabermetrics crowd would be stunned to learn that Zaidi is now called the “ Tools Police ” in the A 's draft room – not because they disdain tools , the emphasis scouts often place on physical abilities such as running , throwing and power , but because they are such a proponent of them . “ Moneyball ” was about looking beyond tools , but Zaidi sees their value , to the point that they have a toy siren they hit whenever they hear reports that have too many stats . “ Our scouts started to think all we wanted was numbers , so our draft emphasis was too much on performance and we were n't getting the impact prospects other clubs were , ” Zaidi said . “ The siren was a little comic relief , half joking , to serve as a reminder not to get too focused on the numbers . ”
From Billy Beane in that same piece :
I 'm more worried about losing them to Apple or Google than I am to another team .
The Dodgers just hired a Canadian Muslim Berkeley Ph.D. who grew up in the Philippines , went to MIT , and strongly advocated that the A 's sign Cuban Yoenis Cespedes . What a world . I am giddy . BRING ME ALL OF THE GENIUSES . ( I sure hope Bill Plaschke hates this . )
Share . Battle Ready
Final Fantasy : Type-0 had me in tears after watching a chocobo bleed to death in the opening scene , and for the next 40 hours I would experience everything from sadness to disbelief as the thin but reverent story unfolded . During that same time , the zippy action-based combat made running around the world of Orience a lively experience , though viewed through an occasionally obstinate camera . Type-0 has a strange dichotomy of action and emotion , but it comes together to create a roleplaying game that works on multiple levels .
Exit Theatre Mode
Everything in Type-0 is tied to war , which makes for some intriguing presentation of the usual Final Fantasy features . Magic comes in the form of fire bombs , lightning missiles , and ice bullets , while the story progresses via military campaigns that involve liberating towns , defending bases , and invading cities . Even chocobos are bred for war ; I liked that by capturing birds in the wild and correctly breeding them , you can hatch combat-ready chocobos that help fight in sorties , or can race across the world map to quickly arrive at a destination .
The tale of an elite group of young cadets fighting an aggressive military empire serves as a reminder that it 's the young who die in war , and who are the first to be forgotten . Class Zero 's emotional struggles – like watching friends die on the battlefield and then feeling guilty because they 're unable to remember them , is incredibly moving . Unfortunately , the cringe-worthy voice acting in the English-language version sometimes distracted from the solemnity , especially when the class loudmouth Nine kept adding “ yo ” and “ hey ” after every bloody sentence . Luckily , there are humorous moments sprinkled in to lighten the mood and keep the story from getting too dark ; I laughed out loud when a saucy cadet named Carla sweet-talked a military instructor , then turned around to brag about their manipulation skills .
Campaigns that involve running through city streets or infiltrating fortresses were pretty fun , but I had a hard time with the real-time strategy missions that popped up here and there . I nearly rage quit one operation because the stubborn camera and clunky controls made it hard for me to move around the battlefield . These annoying mechanical issues were inherited from the original PSP version of Type-0 ( which was released exclusively in Japan back in 2011 ) , along with a few other noticeable limitations : NPCs have blocky faces , wall textures are blurred and jaggy , and dungeons and towns are little more than long , monochromatic corridors . I was so bored by most environments that I stopped caring about them halfway through the story .
That said , the “ HD ” graphics in Type-0 definitely have some wonderful lighting and shading effects . This is especially apparent in the central hub area of Akademia , where marble floors gleam with a fine polish , and beams of sunlight stream brightly through large glass windows . CGI cutscenes are especially well done , with detailed animations of Eidolons soaring through the sky , and brutal close-ups of soldiers being slaughtered on the ground . Developer Hexa Drive did a great job bringing these powerful scenes to full-sized TV screens .
Final Fantasy Type-0 's best feature , though , is the rapid , action-based combat that allows you to mix and match party members to create versatile three-man squads on the battlefield . Each member of Class Zero has their own distinct weapons , abilities , combat styles , and speeds , which makes them feel like real individuals : Jack is slow-moving but can easily slice through monsters with their sword , Seven can nimbly dodge enemy soldiers while using their chain whip to deal out vicious attacks , and Rem can use their Undying Wish spell to temporarily prevent cadets from falling on the battlefield . And if one of your team members does fall , you can immediately summon another cadet from Class Zero 's reserves to replace them , or call on a powerful Eidolon to help thin out enemy ranks . ( Eidolons tend to be unwieldy , though , and require the sacrifice of one of your party members in order to summon them . ) You can even request NPC support units from Akademia to help you on campaigns , which is a nice way to earn special points that can be used to acquire rare items .
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 27 01 OF 27 Final Fantasy Type-0 HD Download Image Captions ESC
Whether I was fighting mundane soldiers or taking on more exciting enemies like poison-spitting serpents and giant , angry snow beasts , I felt powerful because the combat was always super fast paced . In fact , many victories were achieved in less than a minute using the handy `` kill sight '' and `` break sight '' features , which allow cadets to heavily damage or even instantly kill an enemy with a well-timed attack .
Levelling up so many cadets in order to make sure they were all combat ready required a lot of patience , but I did n't mind since Type-0 includes a nice array of ways to beef up your characters . You can accept side quests from NPCs , train at Akademia 's battle arena , increase magic skills by attending a lecture , participate in random battles on the world map , or re-do story campaigns accessed from the main menu .
Exit Theatre Mode
It may seem like it 's easy to overpower Class Zero , but almost everything you do is tied to the limited amount of free time you have between military campaigns . This clever bit of time management forced me to think carefully about which activities I participated in : did I want to spend two hours talking to an NPC , or leave Akademia and lose six hours so I could go on a monster hunt ? Time was of the essence , and I enjoyed having to use it wisely .
Finally , I had a little bit of an issue with the convoluted ending , which requires a second playthrough and a lot of reading up on Orience 's lore to fully comprehend . I did n't mind relying on the in-game compendium for some things , but having to bend over backwards to understand what 's going on did n't add anything to the story .
This seems to be a source of confusion for developers . So in this article compare the two modules , both a micro and macro level .
However , there 's a new kid in town called CSS Grid , and it 's got a lot of the same capabilities as Flexbox . In come cases it 's better than Flexbox , while in other cases it 's not .
CSS Flexbox has become extremely popular amongst front-end developers the last couple of years . This is n't surprising , as it has made it a lot easier for us to create dynamic layouts and align content within containers .
However if you 're going to create an entire layout in two dimensions — with both rows and columns — then you should use CSS Grid :
It 'll will give you more flexibility than CSS Grid . It 'll also be easier to maintain and require less code .
This means that if you 're laying out items in one direction ( for example three buttons inside a header ) , then you should use Flexbox :
If you are to take one lesson from this article , let it be this one :
In this case CSS Grid will give you more flexibility , make your markup simpler and the code will be easier to maintain .
Now you can of course combine the two . In the example above it would be perfect to use Grid for the page layout , and then Flexbox to align the content inside the header . This 'll give you the best of both worlds . And I 'll show you exactly how to do at the end of this article .
Content-first vs layout-first
Another core difference between the two is that Flexbox takes basis in the content while Grid takes basis in the layout . This might seem abstract , so let 's look at a specific example , as that makes it easier to understand .
We 'll use the header from the previous paragraph . Here 's the HTML for it :
< header >
< div > Home < /div >
< div > Search < /div >
< div > Logout < /div >
< /header >
Before we turned it into a Flexbox layout these div 's would have been stacked on top of each other like this :
I 've added a little bit of basic styling , which as nothing to do with Flexbox or Grid , so I 'm leaving that out .
Flexbox header
However , when we give it a display : flex ; the items will be places nicely on a line .
header {
display : flex ;
}
To move the logout button to the far right side , we 'll simply target that element and give it a margin :
header > div : nth-child ( 3 ) {
margin-left : auto ;
}
Which results in the following :
What I want you to notice here is that we leave it up to the items themselves to decide how they 're placed . We did n't have to pre-define anything else than display : flex ; initially .
This is at the core of the difference between Flexbox and Grid , and it will be more apparent as we recreate this header using Grid .
Even though CSS Grid is n't build to create one-dimensional headers , it 's still a good exercise to do it in this article , as it teaches us about the core differences between Flexbox and Grid .
Grid header
We can create our header in several different ways using CSS Grid . I 'm going to go with a pretty straight forward one , where our grid has ten columns , each being one fraction unit wide .
header {
display : grid ;
grid-template-columns : repeat ( 10 , 1fr ) ;
}
It 'll look identical to the Flexbox solution .
However , we can peak under the hood to see what 's different . We 'll use the Chrome inspector to inspect the column lines :
The key difference with this approach is that we had to define the columns — the layout — first . We start with defining the width of the columns , and then we place the content in the available grid cells .
This approach forced us to take a stance on how many columns we wanted to split our header into .
Unless we change the grid , we 're stuck with ten columns . A limitation we would n't have had to deal with in Flexbox .
In order to change the logout to the far right hand side , we 'll place it in the tenth column , like this :
header > div : nth-child ( 3 ) {
grid-column : 10 ;
}
Here 's how that looks when we 're inspecting the grid :
We could n't simply have given it a margin-left : auto ; because the logout button had already been placed in a specific cell in the layout , in the third column . To move it , we had to find another grid cell for it .
Combining the two
Now let 's look at how to use both in combination , merging our header into our website layout . We 'll start by building the website layout .
Here 's the markup :
< div class= '' container '' >
< header > HEADER < /header >
< aside > MENU < /aside >
< main > CONTENT < /main >
< footer > FOOTER < /footer >
< /div >
Here 's the CSS :
.container {
display : grid ;
grid-template-columns : repeat ( 12 , 1fr ) ;
grid-template-rows : 50px 350px 50px ;
}
We 'll place the items on the grid like this :
header {
grid-column : span 12 ;
}
aside {
grid-column : span 2 ;
}
main {
grid-column : span 10 ;
}
footer {
grid-column : span 12 ;
}
Now we 'll simply add the header . We 'll turn the header — which is an item in our CSS Grid — into a Flexbox container .
header {
display : flex ;
}
Now we can set the logout button to the right :
header > div : nth-child ( 3 ) {
margin-left : auto ;
}
And there we have a perfectly fine layout which uses the best from both Grid and Flexbox . Here 's how the two containers look :
Rihanna being very ‘ naughty ' among the wheat ( Picture : Press Eye Ltd/REX/Shutterstock )
Theresa May could be in more trouble than they anticipated .
The prime minister is expected to form a coalition with the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) – and one member of the party ca n't stand it when people run through their wheat fields .
Police rake in £1,700,000 after selling seized items on eBay
This could be a problem for Mrs May , who has been mocked this week after admitting the naughtiest thing they have ever done is run through a wheat field .
Soon they might have to work with Alan Graham , who once had a run in with pop superstar Rihanna when they posed for a photoshoot in their field .
Yes , that really happened .
The star was thought to be too saucy for the DUP politician ( Picture : Press Eye Ltd/REX/Shutterstock )
Back in 2011 , Mr Graham caught Rihanna posing in a skimpy outfit in one of their fields .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The superstar was filming the music video for the hit ‘ We Found Love ' in their grain farm .
At the time Mr Graham said : ‘ I 've had my conversation with Rihanna and hopefully they understand where I am coming from .
The grain farmer could come up in coalition talks ( Picture : PA )
‘ She was most gracious , we shook hands and we parted on good enough terms . '
Hopefully he 's just as lenient with Mrs May if they ever catches them gallivanting through their field .
The father-of-four and devout Protestant told the media they helpfully suggested Rihanna and their friends could ‘ acquaint themselves with a greater God ' .
Mr Graham 's fields are in Bangor , County Down , and include a large barn with John 3:16 written in giant letters on the side of the building .
NewsCatholic Church
ROME , November 21 , 2016 ( LifeSiteNews ) — With many of the world 's cardinals gathered for the Consistory that added 17 to their number and the closed the Year of Mercy , Rome was abuzz with the story of the four Cardinals who presented a set of yes-or-no questions to the Pope seeking clarity on the Pope 's recent Apostolic Exhortation Amoris Laetitia .
See related article , * Updated : Who are these four cardinals who wrote the ‘ dubia ' to the Pope ?
At the reception for the three new American cardinals at the Pontifical North American College , each was asked about the so-called `` dubia '' and the Pope 's refusal to answer .
Cardinal Kevin Farrell , who recently had the media follow their war of words with Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput over Amoris Laetitia , might have felt a little gun-shy . When a reporter in the halls at the reception asked them for their reaction , they pushed a recorder away with their hand , saying rather gruffly they did n't want to answer that .
Cardinal Joseph Tobin , however , was ready with answers for The Tablet on the same question . In remarks very similar to those of new Cardinal Blase Cupich , Tobin called the Dubia to the Pope by the four Cardinals “ troublesome ” and said , “ The Holy Father is capturing the work of two synods , so if four cardinals say that two synods were wrong , or that somehow the Holy Father did n't reflect what was said in those synods , I think that should be questioned . ''
Adding that the matters dealt with in Amoris Laetitia were complex , Tobin quipped , “ just to simply reduce it to a ‘ dubium , ' I think it is at best naive . ”
Cardinal Cupich answered the National Catholic Register 's Edward Pentin on the matter , saying of Amoris Laetitia : “ The document that they are having doubts about are the fruits of two synods , and the fruit of propositions that were voted on by two-thirds of the bishops who were there . ”
IMPORTANT : To respectfully express your support for the cardinals ' letter , sign the petition to Pope Francis . Click here .
Cupich added , “ I think that if you begin to question the legitimacy or what is being said in such a document , do you throw into question then all the other documents that have been issued before by the other popes . So I think it 's not for the pope to respond to that , it 's a moment for anyone who has doubts to examine how they got to that position because it is a magisterial document of the Catholic Church . ”
The `` dubia , '' of course , regarded clearing up the opposite interpretations of Amoris Laetitia among bishops and theologians rather than the document itself . Nonetheless , Cardinal Cupich claimed that the four Cardinals needed conversion . “ The Holy Father does n't have to defend a teaching document of the Church , ” they said . “ It 's up to those who have doubts or questions to have conversion in their lives . ”
The animosity toward the four Cardinals coming from the Pope and their closest collaborators was expected . That is why the letter to the Pope containing the `` dubia '' was signed by three retired Cardinals and Cardinal Raymond Burke , who has already been removed from their Vatican post . “ For good reason , ” Vatican sources told LifeSiteNews , others who supported the letter could not sign on for fear of losing their positions .
Belying the animosity directed at the four Cardinals asking the Pope for clarification on Amoris Laetitia , their letter was the kindest and most humble expression of concern . “ Compelled in conscience by our pastoral responsibility and desiring to implement ever more that synodality to which Your Holiness urges us , we , with profound respect , permit ourselves to ask you , Holy Father , ” is how the Cardinals began their question . Addressing the Pope as the “ Supreme Teacher of the Faith , ” they asked them to “ resolve the uncertainties and bring clarity , benevolently giving a response to the 'dubia ' that we attach to the present letter . ”
What happens if Donald Trump pulls out of the US election ?
On Saturday , Donald Trump firmly rejected calls from within their party to withdraw from the presidential race .
Donald Trump defiant as groping tape drives growing Republican calls to quit Read more
But what if they were to withdraw ?
Disillusioned Republicans have teased the idea for months , but after the release on Friday of video and audio from 2005 that showed Trump boasting in lewd terms about attempting to “ fuck ” a married woman and grabbing women “ by the pussy ” , a wave of members of congress and women openly called on their party 's nominee to quit .
John Thune , the third-ranking Republican in the Senate , led the call for Trump 's running mate to take over , writing on Saturday afternoon : “ Donald Trump should withdraw and Mike Pence should be our nominee effective immediately . ”
The Guardian confirmed with multiple sources that a meeting of the Republican National Committee took place on Friday night , to explore ways to get Trump off the ticket . The meeting broke up without reaching an answer .
Experts contacted by the Guardian said that with exactly one month until election day and early voting having let hundreds of thousands of Americans make their choice already , replacing or removing Trump is implausible – but not impossible .
“ This is mass suicide any way you cut it , ” said Jim Bopp , a prominent conservative lawyer . However , they said , RNC guidelines authorize members “ to fill any and all vacancies which may occur by reason of death , declination , or otherwise of the Republican candidate for president ” .
That in effect means that to be replaced as nominee , Trump would either have to die , be found to be incapacitated or voluntarily step down .
Trump frequently boasts about their good health and stamina . In interviews with the Washington Post , the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times on Saturday , they vowed to stay in the race .
Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE , WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN ! # MAGA
“ I 've never withdrawn in my life , ” Trump told the Post . “ No , I 'm not quitting this race . I have tremendous support . ”
Later , in a tweet sent from Trump 's own phone , the billionaire made the point even more emphatically : “ The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly – I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE , WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN ! ”
This is the point of no return for Donald Trump | Richard Wolffe Read more
Some observers have raised the possibility that the word “ otherwise ” could be stretched to apply to a situation in which the Republican nominee is disliked by a large swath of the party . Experts , however , seem to agree the language of the RNC rules only allows the party to “ fill ” a vacancy , not “ create ” one .
If Republicans tried to change the rules now , Bopp said , it would probably incite “ chaos ” and further inflame Trump supporters , many of whom wholeheartedly believe the political system is “ rigged ” against them and their candidate .
“ There is no authority in the RNC rules to remove a candidate for president or their vice-president , ” Bopp said . “ There is only the authority if a vacancy arose – then they have the authority to fill that vacancy . ”
Vikram Amar , dean and Iwan Foundation professor of law at the University of Illinois College of Law , discussed a largely fantastical scenario in which Trump could remain at the top of the ticket but pledge to declare themselves incapacitated and allow Pence to take over as president if their ticket prevails .
“ Under the 25th amendment , the president can declare [ him or herself ] disabled , ” Amar said . “ In that case , technically Trump would be president and Pence would be acting president with the full authority to exercise all of the powers and duties of the president . ”
Amar said this would be the least disruptive option for the RNC to pursue , because it would not require attempts to change the nominee after ballots in many states have been printed . Trump , they added , would be bound by their word if they promised Republicans they would step down and allow Pence to take over after winning the White House .
Regardless of whether Trump withdraws , Rick Hasen , a University of California-Irvine professor who runs the Election Law Blog , said Republicans had one “ Hail Mary ” pass left : the electoral college .
Writing on the blog , Hasen said : “ When we cast our votes for president they are actually cast for electors from each state ( based roughly on population size ) who then cast ballots for president . If Trump is chosen in some states , those electors could vote for Pence , or Romney , or Kasich , or whoever . ”
There are laws that bar “ faithless ” electors from voting for a candidate who did not win the popular vote in their state , but Hasen argues that in the event of a Trump victory , neither the Republican-controlled Senate nor the courts would be likely to object .
That scenario , however , would also require an extraordinary confluence of events that look increasingly hard to pull off , including Trump withdrawing or the party abandoning him , electors placing faithless votes and Hillary Clinton earning fewer electoral college votes than Trump .
“ All of this is possible , but not bloody likely , ” Hasen wrote .
The growing list of Republicans abandoning Donald Trump Read more
Ultimately , RNC officials appear reluctant to engage with any suggestion that Trump be removed from the ticket . Chairman Reince Priebus was in New York on Saturday , helping Trump prepare for Sunday 's second presidential debate , rather than attending an event in Wisconsin with the House speaker , Paul Ryan .
“ Your sources are wrong , ” an RNC spokesperson , Sean Spicer , tweeted at a journalist who reported that party staffers were meeting to draw up contingency plans in the event Trump dropped out or was replaced .
Given that there is one month left until election day , Bopp said , and voting is under way in a number of states , any change to the ticket is likely to throw Republicans into a worse state of disarray . They added that a new nominee would have a terrible time building a fundraising apparatus in time to affect the course of the election , which appears to be careening into Clinton 's favor .
“ There 's no viable alternative to a Trump candidacy for president , ” Bopp said .
Maybe this is why the US and EU seem to be dumping Ukraine .
The Ukrainian government is on the brink of declaring default .
The Ukrainian government has proposed a bill allowing the government to impose a “ moratorium ” on payment of the country 's external debts .
Kiev is preparing for default .
Such a moratorium is just another word for a default .
It is the same device the Russian government used when it defaulted on its external debt in 1998 .
This is not quite the end of Ukraine 's debt saga . Ukraine will only be formally in default when it misses a payment .
It is possible Ukraine has taken this step as a negotiating tactic to put more pressure on its Western creditors .
It is also possible Ukraine is hoping to preserve some financial credibility by picking and choosing which creditors it will pay .
As we have discussed previously , it might try to go on paying its Western creditors while defaulting on the debts it owes to Russia .
Frankly , this all looks unlikely and it seems that what we are looking at is an across-the-board default .
In truth , as has been pointed out by several people -- - notably by Eric Kraus -- - the numbers of the various IMF plans have never added up , and a default looked increasingly inevitable from the moment the Maidan coup happened , when it became clear the Ukrainian government was heading into a confrontation with its economically critically important eastern regions and with its biggest trade partner Russia .
The accelerating collapse of Ukraine 's economy ( with GDP contracting by 17 % in the first quarter by comparison with last year ) and the deadlock in the negotiations with the Western creditors , appears to have made today 's default announcement unavoidable .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
The following Statement has just appeared on the Ukrainian government 's website :
Arup Chanda By
KOLKATA : Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina will hand over a dossier to Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New York on Saturday with detailed information on how Saradha funds were channelised to Jamaat-e-Islami in Bangladesh .
The two leaders are scheduled to meet after the UN meeting and discuss various issues , including the Teesta water pact and the land boundary agreement .
Sources said Hasina would also provide detailed information on certain politicians from West Bengal aiding the Jamaat in its anti-government agitation and harbouring extremist elements in the state who had crossed over after committing crimes in the neighbouring country .
The National Security Investigation ( NSI ) , Dhaka 's prime intelligence agency , has compiled a file on how funds of the Saradha chit fund scam were funnelled to the country and invested in at least 10 hospitals and banks , which were linked to Islamic fundamentalist organisations .
Dhaka will also provide details of how the Jamaat had helped a particular political party in West Bengal during the 2011 state Assembly elections and also during the recent Lok Sabha polls .
They will also furnish documentary proof on Trinamool Congress Rajya Sabha MP Ahmed Hassan aka Imran 's links with frontal organisations of Jamaat , which is banned from functioning as a mainstream political party and contest elections in Bangladesh .
The Bangladeshi Government has already “ blocked ” Hassan 's visa to the country . Bangladesh Minister of State for Home , Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal told Express over telephone : “ We are in touch with the Indian Government and passing on information as soon as we are getting them . We know about them and their activities. ” sources said the NSI had collected pro-Jamaaat articles written by Hassan in a Bengali daily in Dhaka and their role in organising support for the fundamentalist organisation in West Bengal .
Dhaka has collected names of politicians in West Bengal who are linked to Jamaat , details of their meetings with the Jamat leaders and how extremist elements from Bangladesh are being provided shelter mainly in the districts of North and South 24 Parganas .
The Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh is very strong in Saatkhira district , which is just across the Ichhamati river dividing the two countries , and runs camps there to recruit youths who also infiltrate into India .
Several Awami League workers have been killed by the militants . The Bangladesh Government had busted some camps in an operation against the Jamaat and many of its activists were injured .
The NSI has also collected information on injured Jamaat activists , who were injured during counterinsurgency operations , were provided medical treatment in West Bengal and ambulances belonging to the Saradha Group being used for it . They were transported to private hospitals in the city and returned in the same way to the border to cross over to Saatkhira .
Abdul Barik Biswas , a gold smuggler , who is the brother of a TMC panchayat samity member , was nabbed by sleuths of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence with 44 kg of gold bars .
Biswas , who hails from Basirhat in North 24 Parganas , tried to fire on the sleuths with a 9mm pistol , but was overpowered . They are said to be one of the key pointsman liaisoning between Jamaat and some politicians in West Bengal .
They had helped channelise funds from Saradha Group to fundamentalist leaders in Bangladesh as they were an expert in trans-border trafficking , sources said .
Bangladeshi human rights activist Shahriar Kabir , who was in the city , told Express , “ Several sleeper cells of Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh are active in West Bengal . There are reports about Hassan 's connection with SIMI and Jamaat .
“ But it seems the Trinamool Congress leaders are trying to protect him . My question is why ? They should not allow West Bengal soil to be used against the Awami League Government .
“ Our Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has flushed out Indian insurgents like the Ulfa from Bangladesh . If Bangladeshi terror outfits are getting support from Bengal , it is dangerous . If organisations like Jamaat are allowed to spread it will pose a threat to entire South Asia , ” they said .
Sources in Dhaka said during the meeting with their Indian counterpart Hasina would suggest a joint machanism to fight against terrorism to Modi . The Bangladeshi Government wants frequent meetings and exchange of information between security and intelligence agencies of the two countries .
In case you could n't already tell by the way things are playing out between all the DC properties , there 's no real continuity like there is with the Marvel films and television shows . Where Marvel has a vision and a plan in place with everyone working together in harmony to realize that vision , DC is like a room full of introverts with their heads down , doing their own thing . Marvel has the Cinematic Universe which has now extended to TV , and to explain what DC is up to , Chief Creative Officer Geoff Johns is likening their approach to a concept DC comics fans will instantly recognize : The Multiverse .
In the DC comics universe , there have existed multiple universes , or The Multiverse , a concept first introduced in 1961 with the addition of a second Earth . More parallel universes followed , allowing for infinite versions of characters and worlds and ways for authors to explain away clashes with continuity . This is also a really great way for someone like Geoff Johns to explain DC 's approach to movies and TV , if they were so inclined .
And they are , in an interview with BuzzFeed . Johns explained that while yes , 'Arrow ' and 'The Flash ' exist in the same universe , their movies and TV properties do n't ... on purpose :
We look at it as the multiverse . We have our TV universe and our film universe , but they all co-exist . For us , creatively , it 's about allowing everyone to make the best possible product , to tell the best story , to do the best world . Everyone has a vision and you really want to let the visions shine through . I think the characters are iconic enough . I like [ Marvel 's Agents of ] S.H.I.E.L.D . a lot . I love what Marvel does . I 'm a huge fan . It 's just a different approach … You have to have conversations about what 's happening in TV and film between everybody because you do n't want to do the same thing .
You could read into their use of the word `` multiverse '' as a hint that perhaps we could see crossovers between ' Justice League ' and DC 's TV shows , with even multiple versions of the same character teaming up , but it seems like DC is content with the way things are . Johns has kind words about Marvel , and does admit that they 've considered the possibility of a TV spinoff similar to ' Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . ' somewhere down the line , though :
There 's been discussions over the years for both , obviously . You never say never . Maybe one day we 'll link a show to a film if it makes sense , but the creative process we 're going through right now is to let the stuff live and breathe and be its own thing and own it .
The Multiverse was always a way for DC to explain discrepancies in continuity , which is exactly what Johns is pretty much doing right now . Marvel has the Cinematic Universe , DC has The Multiverse Approach aka `` Ehhhh . ''
The current state of Formula One is a formula that is incredibly high tech with cars that are fascinating in theory , but the on track product is no longer producing memorable on track passing . That was n't always the case with F1 , and it still is n't the case in many other forms of racing . Here , for your enjoyment and in no particular order , are 10 of our favorite passes that have been caught on video .
Hakkinen vs. Schumacher at Spa
Hornish vs. Andretti at Indy
Piquet vs. Senna at Hungary
Craven vs. Busch at Darlington
Zanardi vs. Herta at Laguna Seca
Villeneuve vs. Arnoux at Dijon
The end of the 2015 Bathurst 12 Hour
The end of the 1997 CART GP of Portland
Senna vs. Everyone at Donnington
Tony Stewart going four wide at Homestead
An image from video provided by the US Navy showing the guided-missile destroyer USS Porter launching a Tomahawk land-attack missile in the Mediterranean Sea on Friday . Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Ford Williams/U.S . Navy via AP The US launched a salvo of 59 cruise missiles on Shayrat airfield and nearby military infrastructure controlled by Syrian President Bashar Assad , in response to a chemical attack that killed at least 80 people in the northwestern part of the country on Tuesday .
The Tomahawk missiles , launched from two destroyers , the USS Ross and the USS Porter , at dawn local time on Friday , represent the first US strikes on the Assad regime , according to a statement from the Pentagon .
US President Donald Trump , initially resistant to the idea of becoming involved in Syria , said it was in the vital national security interest of the US to prevent the use of chemical weapons .
`` No child of god should suffer such horror , '' Trump said in an address to reporters after the cruise-missile strikes . `` It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons . ''
The governor of Homs , a city roughly 100 miles north of the Syrian capital , Damascus , said at least five people were killed and seven were wounded in the US strikes , Reuters reported .
Autopsies have confirmed that the chemical attack earlier this week involved sarin gas , and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said there could be `` no doubt '' that Assad 's forces carried out the attack .
Both Syrian and Russian forces have denied responsibility for the attack , with Russian forces claiming a conventional airstrike hit a cache of chemical weapons owned by rebels in Syria . International experts have dismissed this as an `` infantile argument . ''
National security adviser H.R . McMaster said `` there were measures put in place to avoid hitting what we believe is a storage of sarin gas '' at the airfield , CNN 's Josh Rogin reports .
Though the US strike targeted infrastructure and runways , a large volley of cruise missiles presents a risk to troops stationed nearby . Initial reports from Syrian military sources say the strikes `` led to losses , '' as Reuters notes .
Rep. Adam Schiff , the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee , told MSNBC that the airfield had been vetted by US forces to ensure civilians were n't endangered and Russians in the area were aware . The Trump administration said key US allies were warned of the strikes .
Russia 's deputy envoy to the UN told reporters earlier Thursday that there would be `` negative consequences '' for `` those who initiated such doubtful and tragic enterprise '' should attacks occur in Syria .
Konstantin Kosachev , the chairperson of the international-affairs committee in the upper house of the Russian parliament , suggested that Russia 's relationship with the US in Syria could be in jeopardy in the aftermath of the US missile strikes .
Kosachev said Trump 's strike order stamped `` an earlier verdict about Assad 's responsibility for a chemical attack in Idlib with gunpowder , '' Reuters reported .
A representative of Russian President Vladimir Putin called the US strikes `` aggression '' and accused Trump of acting `` under an invented pretext , '' according to the Interfax news agency .
Putin called the US strike an `` aggression against a sovereign state in violation of international law , '' the Associated Press reports .
ISW
Russian and US warplanes have operated over Syria 's contested airspace since Russia 's entrance into the Syrian conflict in October 2015 . The US became involved in the country by training and equipping vetted groups of rebels fighting against Assad as early as 2011 .
In 2014 , the US and a coalition of 68 other nations joined together to fight the Islamic State , the terrorist group that took control of territory in the eastern part of Syria and parts of Iraq . The US has some ground troops in eastern Syria , away from the Assad regime , to support local forces in their fight against the Islamic State , which is also known as ISIS , ISIL , or Daesh .
The strikes seem to have gained bipartisan support from Congress , with several key GOP senators calling for action before the strike and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer issuing a statement in which they said `` making sure Assad knows that when they commit such despicable atrocities they will pay a price is the right thing to do . ''
`` Tonight I call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria and also to end terrorism of all kinds and types , '' Trump said after the strikes .
Read Trump 's full remarks below :
Sisters abused by stepfather awarded $ 1.5m after eight-year battle against state of NSW
Updated
Two sisters who sued the state of New South Wales for failing to protect them from their abusive stepfather have been awarded almost $ 1.5 million in damages after an eight-year battle for compensation .
Key points : The Court of Appeal has overturned a 2015 Supreme Court decision
The court held the abuse of the girls did continue after it was reported to DOCS
As a result TB has been awarded $ 940,000 and DC $ 540,000
The women , known as TB and DC , were repeatedly raped and indecently assaulted by their stepfather when they were children in the 1970s and 1980s .
The payout marks the end of a long legal battle for the sisters , which began in 2008 when they sued the state and their former community services caseworker for negligence in the NSW Supreme Court .
They claimed that despite knowing about the abuse and documenting their complaints , both the Department of Community Services ( DOCS ) and the officer did not report it to the police . They alleged that had the abuse been reported , they would have been protected from further abuse .
The former caseworker , Carolyn Quinn , is now a high-profile child protection consultant and a former member of the NSW Carers Advisory Council .
Last year , the sisters lost their initial claim , with Justice Stephen Campbell ruling that while the department had failed in its duty of care to report the abuse , they did not accept that the abuse continued after DOCS was first notified in 1983 .
Justice Campbell ruled Ms Quinn did not owe the girls a duty of care and even if they had , they had fulfilled that duty by reporting the abuse to their superiors .
Do you know more about this story ? Email investigations @ abc.net.au .
But on Wednesday , the NSW Court of Appeal overturned the decision and awarded TB $ 940,000 and DC $ 540,000 . The findings on Ms Quinn were not challenged and they were not part of the appeal .
The court held the `` shocking '' abuse of the girls did continue after it was reported to DOCS .
The Court of Appeal found `` the stepfather , who was clearly a shameful sexual predator , continued to avail themselves of the obvious opportunity they had to sexually abuse the appellants during the period after notification to the department '' .
The abuse began when the girls were aged five and eight . The court heard their stepfather raped and indecently assaulted the girls and took sexually explicit photographs of them .
They also beat them with a leather strap , threatened them with a knife and handcuffed them .
In April 1983 , TB reported the abuse to DOCS and Ms Quinn interviewed the sisters and prepared a report . They also interviewed the stepfather , who admitted to the abuse .
At the time , they were facing charges of raping another girl and had an extensive history of sexual offences against children . But despite this , the girls were returned to live with their mother and contact with the stepfather continued .
DC and TB said their mother allowed them to visit the family home and keep abusing them .
It was not until 2001 , when both women went directly to police , that their stepfather was finally charged . They pleaded guilty to nine counts of physical and sexual assault and was jailed for 10 years .
Topics : child-abuse , community-and-society , sexual-offences , law-crime-and-justice , laws , nsw , australia
First posted
EricMusco Quote : Originally Posted by Hey folks ,
Let 's talk a little bit about our squelch system that is in the game . This system was implemented quite some time ago as a method for players to not only avoid filling up their /ignore list , but to also help in getting a lot of those pesky Credit Sellers out of chat . This has been very successful for us since its implementation as we have experienced a dramatic drop in this type of chat spam . Please continue to report Credit Sellers and any other spammers you encounter as it is helping !
Lately , we 've been receiving reports of this system being abused by players . Typically , the squelch abuse is in the form of Guild members targeting individual players or anyone in a rival Guild and deliberately impacting their game play . We take these type of abuses very seriously and as with any exploit , we will be taking appropriate action against anyone who participates . Depending on the severity of the abuse , action includes everything from warnings and suspension time to account closure . Please note , if this action is taken by a Guild , we will be particularly tough on Guild Masters and Guild Officers who coordinate , participate , or simply do not stop their Guild members from abusing the squelch system .
If you have been on the receiving end , what you must not do is retaliate ! If you do , you have added yourself to the list of participants and you are putting your account at risk . If someone , or a group of users , has used squelch in an abusive way against you please file a detailed report with Customer Support . They will investigate and take the necessary action ( s ) .
With all of this in mind , we are constantly looking at ways to improve this functionality . In the meantime , please use it wisely against spammers and advertisers/credit sellers , but please do n't ruin the game play of legitimate players .
-eric
Ideia : I believe that to use a custom filter text file where we can type and share lines with things like :
[ delimiters ]
' '' ! @ # $ % ¨ & * ( ) _+=-¹²³£¢¬§´ [ ~ ] , . ; /|\ ` { ^ } < > : ? ªº° { SPACE } { TAB } { ENTER } { DOT } { WWW } { COM }
[ texttofilter ]
creditseller
spammersite
To make the game autofilter/ban any chat with lines like :
www.spammersite.com
w w w DOT c r e d i t s e l l e r dot com
w_w_w @ c-r-e-d-i-t-s-e-l-l-e-r @ c+o+m
W W-W+C´°R~E¬D * I^T < S¹²E¹²L¹²³L , E ..... R.C°O°°M
And with an `` append and share '' option so the more players create lines with info to share the faster we can filter/ban all those spammers
BTW a custom filter like that also could be used for in-game emails Be in mind what they often do is to create a new email/F2P-account with the solo purpuse to abuse the system.Ideia : I believe that to use a custom filter text file where we can type and share lines with things like : To make the game autofilter/ban any chat with lines like : And with an `` append and share '' option so the more players create lines with info to share the faster we can filter/ban all those spammersBTW a custom filter like that also could be used for in-game emails )
`` ... Death , yet the Force . '' Magikus Lorekeeper REFERRAL or www.swtor.com /r/ GXbHpB = 7-day FREE sub + FREE Transfer/Jumpstart and Preferred Bundles . ( new or returning player , you 'll get goodies
Since Bryan LaHair headed off to Japan ( he 's since become available again , by the way ) , and since the Cubs hitched their first base star to Anthony Rizzo , there has n't been much in the way of an obvious AAA first baseman in the organization . When you 've got a full-time first baseman on the big league roster ( particularly in the NL ) , AAA 1B is a nice place to stash one of those older , questionable prospects who 've always hit in the minors but may never have a position in the big leagues . The Cubs did that when they picked up LaHair , they 'd done it before with Micah Hoffpauir , and they did it last year with Brad Nelson .
It looks like this year 's iteration is going to be Lars Anderson , whom the Cubs just signed to a minor league deal . It 's unclear whether Anderson is getting a Spring Training invite , since their deal was formalized on the same day the Cubs announced their NRIs , but it 's not likely to make a huge difference going forward . Anderson is being brought in to fill the first base job at AAA , and serve as the long-term emergency back-up at first base , if something catastrophic should happen to a couple guys in front of him . Fortunately , Anderson , a lefty , has played a little outfield in the past couple of years , so he 's got that versatility going for him .
The rub with Anderson , however , unlike some of the AAA first basemen who 've come before him , is that Anderson has not raked in recent years . Although they tore through the lower minors in such impressive fashion that they were a top 100 prospect in baseball ( at first base , no less ) from 2008 to 2010 ( and actually reached the bigs as a 22-year-old in 2010 ) . From there , however , their production trailed off at AAA , and he 's hit just .250/.347/.391 over 1775 AAA plate appearances . In that time , he 's struck out at a greater than 25 % clip , which you do n't love to see , but their walk rate has been through the roof ( some 13.5 % the last three years ) .
Given that profile , it should n't surprise you to learn that Anderson was a Red Sox draft pick back in the day , and came up in the Red Sox system when much of the current Cubs front office was running the show over there .
There is n't a ton of upside left with Anderson , who has bounced around among several organizations since 2012 , though they are still just 26 . If the power develops late for him , they could still be an interesting bat off of the bench . For now , as I said , they project to be the primary starter at first base in Iowa .
PoliZette Trump : ‘ We Have Exposed the Credibility of the Press ' President-elect storms Louisiana to stump for GOP Senate candidate locked in heated runoff
President-Elect Donald Trump made one of their first post-election campaign stops in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , to stump for John Kennedy , the state treasurer who won a heated primary in the race for the open U.S. Senate seat .
Because Kennedy did not get more than 50 percent of the vote on Election Day , they will face Democrat Foster Campbell in Saturday 's runoff election . Louisiana will also host two congressional races .
“ We fight for other countries so they can have borders , ” Trump told the crowd . “ But we do n't fight for our own borders . ”
Advertisement
Kennedy faces an aggressive campaign by Campbell , who is trying to wage a populist campaign against the Republican treasurer .
So Republicans sent in the cavalry .
Mississippi Gov . Phil Bryant warmed up the crowd as they waited for Trump by noting MSNBC and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi did not like the election results .
“ They 're screaming like a hog under a gate , ” Bryant said .
[ lz_third_party align=center includes=https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=UP449SBl9OY ]
Advertisement
While introducing Trump , Kennedy took some lively shots at Campbell .
“ He 's liberal . I 'm a conservative , ” said Kennedy . “ In fact , I do n't mean to be rude , but if you took Secretary Clinton and turned them upside down and shook her , Foster Campbell would fall out of their pocket . ”
The crowd roared as Kennedy noted their opponent supported Democrat Hillary Clinton for president .
Trump got a strong reception from the hundreds at the Baton Rouge airport hangar .
Then they got out some of their key points , indicating they are not pivoting toward more liberal policies as some pundits predicted .
Trump said they would secure the southern border and halt the flow of illegal immigrants and drugs across the Rio Grande .
Advertisement
“ We fight for other countries so they can have borders , ” Trump told the crowd . “ But we do n't fight for our own borders . ”
Trump then listed their plans for reforms . They said they would cut middle-class taxes ; cut the corporate tax rate ; establish new ethics rules for Washington , D.C. ; halt immigration from problem nations ; establish “ safe zones ” for refugees in their home regions ; and “ knock out ” the Islamic State .
[ lz_related_box id= ” 257207″ ]
They took the opportunity to blast “ cost overruns ” in federal contracts , likely referring to the $ 4 billion costs they claimed Boeing wants for two new Air Force One planes for the White House .
Trump also said they would renegotiate trade deals .
Advertisement
“ Right now … we have stupid trade , ” said Trump .
While talking about business and trade policy , Trump then bashed the business press for suggesting they would impose a tax on imports . But before they could go on , the crowd booed mention of the media .
Trump paused , and then made an observation .
“ One thing we have done , ” said Trump . “ We have exposed the credibility of the press . They have the lowest credibility of anybody . ”
A 70-year-old woman will continue to live in four others after their death . Them vital organs have given a new life to patients at the Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research ( PGIMER ) , Chandigarh .
Them kidneys have been transplanted in two patients with chronic renal failure and their corneas have given eyesight to two others . This is the 12th case of cadaver transplant at the PGIMER this year as against five in the corresponding period last year .
Vimla Devi , a native of Shankar Nagar in Hoshiarpur , had an accidental fall at their house and was rushed to the PGIMER with a brain haemorrhage on May 14 . A team of doctors tried in vain to save their lives and they were declared brain dead .
On Saturday , Vimla 's son Dharminder Sondhi gave their consent to donate their organs to the PGIMER . “ My mother will now live in others . It 's satisfying that their organs have been able to save four families from the pain and trauma that we are going through , ” said Sondhi .
“ The family , especially their son , was aware of organ donation , and it was not difficult to convince them , ” said a transplant coordinator at the PGIMER .
Also read I Two men gave new lease of life to 8 people in 2 days
Nodal officer , regional organ and tissue transplant organisation ( ROTTO ) Dr Vipin Koushal said : “ The patient was re-evaluated and declared brain dead as per the protocols and the organ retrieval happened subsequently . We must acknowledge the contribution of the family for their exemplary and altruistic spirit to have taken the decision to save others ' lives . ”
Dr Koushal said : “ The country needs to improve the rate of organ donation . The government has taken some positive steps on this in the region by designating the PGIMER as the regional organ and tissue transplant organisation under national organ and tissue transplant programme . Synergised efforts and engagement of the civil society , religious leaders and other stakeholders are required for creating public awareness about the cause . ”
Must read I PGI launches website to promote organ donation
First Published : May 28 , 2016 21:13 IST
DES MOINES , Iowa — “ Actually I have a theory about a lot of the intervention we 've been doing around the world has to do with gold , ” a woman dressed as “ Death of Liberty courtesy of the Washington establishment ” told me unsolicited Friday night .
We were at Buzzard Billy 's Bar , which not only features fried alligator but also sautéed alligator , and their costume and thoughts were n't particularly out of place . They were one a few dozen people attending Rand Paul 's Halloween Costume Party .
There was a guy dressed as Guy Fawkes , an Obamacare surgeon and zombie Abraham Lincoln , who people screamed “ tyrant ” at when they stood in front of the crowd during costume-judging time . Rand Paul was also in attendance , supposedly dressed as $ 18 trillion dollars in debt , but that only really consisted of wearing a t-shirt with “ $ 18 trillion ” emblazoned on it .
Those in attendance gave all sorts of reasons for supporting Paul for president . Two Iowa law students said they support them because of their stance on the debt ceiling and because they will “ uphold constitutionality. ” A wounded vet said they like Paul 's “ non-interventionism . ”
But Angie Davidson , Ms. Death of Liberty , was perhaps the most ardent Paul supporter in attendance .
“ I worked on their father 's campaign , ” Davidson , who is also chair of the Louisa County Republicans , told The Daily Caller . “ He really stands for what I believe in : limited government , fiscal responsibility , bringing America back to the basis of what it was . ”
They say they used to be a writer , but then they found out Homeland Security was monitoring their blog and decided to end their literary career .
It was after I finished my interview that Davis , who owns a soap-making business , that they came back up to me and told me how the CIA is manufacturing the threat of radical Islam and that America 's real reason for intervening around the world was its rapacious appetite for gold .
“ I think that CIA is responsible for the formation of al-Qaida , ” they said , repeating a conspiracy theory that Paul themselves has promulgated but has no basis in fact .
Even former libertarian presidential contender Gary Johnson is too much of a “ humanitarian interventionist ” for them
“ That 's why I do n't like Gary Johnson , ” they said . “ Gary Johnson is a neocon . ”
But while talking politics seemed to be a passion of many of those in attendance , this was Friday night and there was a contest to be won .
“ We are not the generation where everybody gets a participation medal , ” Steve Grubbs , a strategist for Paul who came dressed as the candidate they support , announced before commencing the costume contest . “ This is not a Bernie Sanders party . ”
Defender of the Republic Obi Wan Kenobi came in first place and won “ 18 trillion ” debt shirt similar to the one Paul was wearing . Davidson came in second place and won an autographed “ Do n't Drone Me Bro ” t-shirt .
Paul seemed amiable throughout the evening , talking with the attendees , but their face did n't express tremendous enthusiasm . Perhaps that 's because their campaign is having some trouble . There have been calls from some Republicans for them to end their struggling campaign so they can focus on their Senate re-election campaign in Kentucky .
So whom would these Paul supporters transfer their allegiance to if Paul left the race before the caucuses ? There was no definitive answer from the attendees , but when asked about Donald Trump , a great tormentor of Paul 's , all the attendees TheDC talked to had positive things to say .
“ You know what , he 's one of the most honest men in politics , ” Gene Nassif , the Drake Law student dressed as an Obamacare surgeon , said .
“ I met Trump the other night and they were actually very genuine , ” Davidson said .
“ But their past is too rocky for me to even think of , ” they added , before trailing off .
Follow Jamie on Twitter
HARRISBURG , Pa. ( AP ) — A state judge has struck down the law requiring Pennsylvania 's voters to show photo identification at the polls .
Commonwealth Court Judge Bernard McGinley said the requirement that was the centerpiece of Pennsylvania 's embattled 2012 voter identification law places an unreasonable burden on the fundamental right to vote .
The decision paves the way for an expected appeal to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court . Republicans approved the law over the protests of Democrats .
During a 12-day trial this summer , plaintiffs said hundreds of thousands of voters lacked acceptable IDs and the inconvenience of getting a photo ID might discourage some from voting . State officials insisted there were ample opportunities for voters to get a valid ID if they had none .
The court has barred enforcement of the law since the 2012 general election .
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
“ When asked if they receive death threats from radical Islamists Adonis said : ‘ Of course , but I do not care . For certain convictions people should risk their lives . ' ” Bravo .
“ ‘ Islam Ca n't Be Modernised ' Says World 's ‘ Greatest Arabic Poet , ' ” by Chris Tomlinson , Breitbart , February 19 , 2016 :
The writer regarded as the greatest Arabic language poet alive today has said Islam can not be modernised .
Adunis Asbar , known by their pen name Adonis , is a Syrian-born writer often considered one of the greatest living poets of the Arabic language . They have come under criticism for comments they made recently about Islam before receiving the Erich Maria Remarque Peace Prize , named after the famous pacifist and author of the classic World War One novel ‘ All Quiet on the Western Front ' .
In an interview with Die Welt they talked about one of the most pressing issues in Germany since the migrant crisis began , the idea of being able to integrate migrants from predominately Muslim countries into European societies .
Being raised a Muslim themselves and having one of the greatest understandings of the language of the Quran , Adonis said : “ You can not reform a religion . If they are reformed , [ the original meaning ] is separated from it . Therefore , modern Muslims and a modern Islam is already impossible . If there is no separation between religion and state , there will be no democracy especially without equality for women . Then we will keep a theocratic system . So it will end . ”
Laying down a heavy critique of the Islamic world , they added : “ Arabs have no more creative force . Islam does not contribute to intellectual life , it suggests no discussion . It is no longer thought . It produces no thinking , no art , no science , no vision that could change the world . This repetition is the sign of its end . The Arabs will continue to exist , but they will not make the world better . ”
The remarks are in reference to the broader questions of how they see the Middle East , and specifically their native Syria which has been in a state of civil war for years . Adonis describes the totality of Islam in the life of people in the Islamic world saying Muslim society is “ based on a totalitarian system . The religion dictates everything : How to run , how to go to the toilet , who is a one has to love… ” …
“ I have long been an opponent of Assad . The Assad regime has transformed the country into a prison . But their opponents , the so-called revolutionaries , commit mass murder , cut people 's heads off , sell women in cages as goods and trample human dignity underfoot . ”
Adonis was referring to the Islamic State and the Al-Nusra front ( an Al Qaeda affiliate ) who have become the largest opposition force to Assad over the course of the civil war .
Breitbart London has already reported that attempts to house and integrate Muslim migrants will cost Germans and other European countries billions of euros , and according to Adonis ' opinion it could be a useless endeavour .
When asked if they receive death threats from radical Islamists Adonis said : “ Of course , but I do not care . For certain convictions people should risk their lives . ”
Chinese health officials on Monday vowed to fight corruption in the organ donation system , pledging zero tolerance toward non-voluntary organ transplants and denying that organ harvesting continues from executed prisoners .
On Monday , organ transplant experts from the WHO , International Society for Organ Donation and Procurement ( ISODP ) and The Transplantation Society ( TTS ) gathered in Beijing to attend the 2016 China International Organ Donation Conference , the first such international meeting held on the Chinese mainland .
`` All the organs transplanted after 2015 are from voluntary donors and we have a zero tolerance toward violations , '' Huang Jiefu , a former Chinese vice-minister of health and current head of the National Human Organ Donation and Transplant Committee , said at a press conference .
Huang blasted allegations that the number of organ transplants far surpassed the amount of organs donated as lacking evidence , saying that China performed around 8 percent of the world 's organ transplant surgeries , and also consumed 8 percent of world 's post-operative medications , which are all produced by foreign companies and are traceable .
China banned the use of executed prisoners ' organs in January 2015 , making voluntary donations the only legitimate channel .
However , the rumor that China is still using organs from dead prisoners and harvesting from living people has not died down .
CNN reported in June that China was still engaged in harvesting organs from prisoners , and that people were even being murdered for their organs , citing a report .
The law and regulations can not stop all the violations and corruption , such as trading in organs , but the Chinese government has shown great resolution to fight against corruption in organ donation and will not tolerate violations , Huang said .
The rumors only make us stronger and more dedicated to making the system more open , fair , transparent and trustworthy , Huang said .
The Chinese government 's resolve to reform the organ transplant industry was highly praised by many organ transplant experts , including Kimberly Young , former president of the ISODP , who said after the conference that they were highly impressed by the huge change .
`` None of us would be here today if we did not trust that everything is continuing to be done to support this transparent and ethical process , '' Young told the Global Times .
`` When we first received training [ as a surgeon ] , we were encouraged not to interact with China because there were concerns about unethical practices going on , but what I have seen over the last 10 years is gradual engagement between the transplantation society and those leaders within China who are interested in changes , '' said Nancy L. Ascher , president of The Transplantation Society , at the conference .
Innovative procedures
The Chinese government puts great attention on the country 's organ donation and transplant procedures , which directly concerns the lives of patients and also justice in society , Chinese Vice Premier Liu Yandong said in a speech delivered at the conference .
China processed 2,950 organ donations in the first nine months of this year , with a 50 percent increase year-on-year , the Xinhua News Agency quoted figures released by the National Health and Family Planning Commission as saying on Sunday .
At present , the annual average number of organ donations in China ranks first in Asia and third in the world , the Xinhua News Agency reported .
WHO director general Margaret Chan on Monday praised China 's `` green channel '' for organ transport , which sufficiently reduced delivery times for organs , as an innovative move from the country 's health , police and transport system .
In May , a 31-year-old patient at a hospital in Wuhan , Central China 's Hubei Province , received a donated heart within three hours , half the time before the green channel went into operation .
The Chinese government started to pilot changes to the organ donation system in 2010 , and criminalized the unauthorized trading of organs in 2011 . In severe cases of violation , the death penalty could apply .
Moreover , a new system for organ management and distribution was launched in 2013 to better regulate donations .
Since 2007 , China has apprehended 32 intermediaries involved in the organ trade , arrested 158 criminal suspects , investigated 17 medical institutions and closed 13 underground operation theaters .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- Cleveland police and Cuyahoga County prosecutors have started using wiretaps in some criminal investigations , taking a page from the playbook of the U.S. Justice Department .
The move is in part a result of local investigators seeing the results the Justice Department obtained with wiretaps in high-profile cases , said Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Matthew Meyer .
`` We 've seen the technique used with great success locally in rooting out corruption and there 's no reason why we should leave that tool on the shelf , '' Meyer said in an interview with Northeast Ohio Media Group .
Secretly recorded phone conversations figured prominently in the Justice Department 's investigation of corruption in Cuyahoga County . The investigation resulted in convictions of some 60 contractors and public officials , including former County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora .
This summer , county prosecutors acknowledged in court that local investigators used wiretaps in two high-profile cases , both handled by Meyer .
One case involves suspected mobster Carmine `` The Bull '' Agnello , who is charged with running a $ 4.2 million car-scrapping scheme . The second involves Tevaughn `` Big Baby '' Darling , accused of being a `` heroin kingpin . ''
Why wiretaps have n't been used before
County Prosecutor Timothy J. McGinty , who has spent more than three decades in the county 's criminal justice system as either a prosecutor or judge , said he 's not aware of the prosecutor 's office ever before using a wiretap without help from federal agents .
McGinty said they suspect time and money are the reasons previous prosecutors did not seek permission from a judge to use the listening devices .
The equipment costs hundreds of thousands of dollars , they said , and officers have to be trained to use the equipment .
Mostly , though , the use of wiretaps is time-consuming . Officers often have to be committed to spending hundreds or even thousands of hours listening in on phone conversations , many of which are irrelevant to the investigation .
McGinty credited the Cleveland police department with initiating the local use of wiretaps and getting the process up and running , along with financial assistance and training from Attorney General Mike DeWine 's office .
A spokesperson for the police department declined to comment , citing a need for secrecy because wiretaps involve `` investigative strategy . ''
McGinty said wiretaps are worth the investment of time and money .
`` When you have sophisticated , diabolical , and dangerous criminals such as the ones we 've targeted and others , we want to use all the tools at our disposal , and this is a powerful tool , '' they said .
Defense lawyers take notice
Defense attorney Marcus Sidoti , who faces wiretap evidence in representing the accused `` heroin kingpin , '' could not recall an earlier case in which county prosecutors used wiretaps without assistance from federal agents .
`` It 's uncharted territory for me in the state realm , '' they said .
And Ian Friedman , an adjunct faculty member at the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law and the defense attorney representing Agnello , called the use of wiretaps in their client 's case `` very unusual . ''
But now that the prosecutor 's office has shown its hand , Friedman said defense attorneys will be better prepared for wiretap evidence .
Friedman said they have always advised clients to be wary of what they discuss over the phone . Now , they said , he 's pointing to the Agnello case to show that the state has invested in the technology , and is expected to use it frequently .
`` It 's my understanding that there are hundreds of hours of recordings in the Agnello case alone , so it looks like this is going to be a new area of fight between prosecutors and defense lawyers in Cuyahoga County , '' Friedman said .
Friedman and Sidoti have yet to hear the contents of the wiretaps used in their cases , but they said they will need to make sure the wiretaps were obtained legally and that the recorded conversations are admissible at trial .
Prosecutors and police need permission from a judge to conduct a wiretap . To get that permission , they have to show they have probable cause that criminal activity is taking place , and that other investigative means have n't worked .
Future uses
McGinty said they intend to reserve the use of wiretaps for criminals who are the `` worst of the worst . ''
`` In the long run , if we 're successful ... at using these wiretaps in our efforts to attack organized crime in Cleveland , whether it be Mafia , drug dealers or gang activity , this will be a safer place , '' they said .
They said wiretaps are particularly useful in understanding all the players in a criminal network and how they operate .
They also hope the use of wiretaps by local investigators will have a deterrent effect .
`` We 're sending a message , '' they said . `` To the criminals : We 're coming to get you . This is not the county to operate in . Go get a job . ''
For the Russian footballer , see Valeri Rozov
Valery Rozov ( December 26 , 1964 – November 11 , 2017 ) was a Russian BASE jumper , who became known for jumping from the world 's highest summits . [ 2 ] On May 5 , 2013. they jumped off Changtse ( the northern peak of the Mount Everest massif ) from a height of 7,220 metres ( 23,690 ft ) . Using a specially-developed Red Bull wing suit , they glided down to the Rongbuk glacier more than 1,000 meters below , setting a new world record for highest base jump . [ 3 ]
Rozov died on November 11 , 2017 while jumping from a height of 6,812 meters ( 22,349 ft ) off Ama Dablam mountain in Nepal . According to members of their group , Rozov crashed into the side of the mountain . [ 4 ] They were 52 years old .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
NBC Sports announced today that it will present an all-access look into the intense preparation , 200+ MPH competition and extreme logistics surrounding Kurt Busch 's upcoming attempt to win IndyCar 's famed Indianapolis 500 and NASCAR 's Coca-Cola 600 on the same day .
The 30-minute special , featuring in-depth interviews , on-track footage , team communications and a seat right next to Busch throughout their races against drivers from two elite series , pulsating travel conditions and the limits of their own endurance , will debut on Sunday , June 8 , at 4:30 p.m . ET on NBC .
A 60-minute “ director 's cut ” of KURT BUSCH : 36 will air the following day , Monday , June 9 , at 11 p.m . ET on NBCSN .
NBC Sports ' Emmy Award-winning NASCAR production team , led by Executive Producer Sam Flood , teams with the Emmy Award-winning NASCAR Productions to create KURT BUSCH : 36 . The program furthers NBCSN 's successful line of “ :36 ” documentaries that chronicle the 36 hours that cover the lead-up , completion and aftermath of a major sporting event . KURT BUSCH : 36 takes the series to another level as it encapsulates two races .
“ This attempt at ‘ The Double ' ranks among the most unique undertakings in all sports , because it involves so many factors and storylines , each of which will play out over the course of two iconic races , ” said Flood . “ We 're looking forward to chronicling the drama and excitement that will build throughout Kurt 's attempt at history . ”
The special marks another NASCAR-related programming highlight for NBC Sports Group since reaching an agreement for NASCAR Sprint Cup and Nationwide Series racing last July . NBCSN launched its daily 5:00 p.m . ET motorsports show , NASCAR AMERICA , in February following the 2014 DAYTONA 500 and coverage of the Sochi Olympics .
“ Kurt Busch 's attempt at ‘ The Double ' is a challenging endeavor that speaks to the highly competitive spirit of NASCAR drivers , ” said Tally Hair , Managing Director , NASCAR Productions . “ The special will provide fans with an exclusive , up-close-and-personal look into what will be a grueling but amazing story for Kurt Busch and the racing world . ”
Busch , a 25-time NASCAR Sprint Cup Series winner , is currently training to become just the fourth driver to attempt “ The Double ” by racing in both IndyCar 's Indianapolis 500 and NASCAR 's Coca-Cola 600 in the same day . This is a feat so grueling that only 3-time NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Champion Tony Stewart has ever successfully completed all 1100 miles . No driver attempting to race “ The Double ” has ever won either event on the day of the attempt .
Busch confirmed that they will drive a Dallara-Honda fielded by Andretti Autosport at Indy on May 25 . Upon completion of the Indianapolis 500 , Busch then immediately flies approximately 430 miles to Charlotte , N.C. to fulfill their full-time job of driving the No . 41 Stewart-Haas Racing Chevrolet in NASCAR 's longest race of the year .
Follow @ estradawriting
Eric Stark Maskin ( born December 12 , 1950 ) is an American economist and 2007 Nobel laureate recognized with Leonid Hurwicz and Roger Myerson `` for having laid the foundations of mechanism design theory '' . [ 3 ] They are the Adams University Professor at Harvard University . Until 2011 , they were the Albert O. Hirschman Professor of Social Science at the Institute for Advanced Study , and a visiting lecturer with the rank of professor at Princeton University . [ 4 ]
Biography [ edit ]
Maskin was born in New York City on December 12 , 1950 , into a Jewish family , and spent their youth in Alpine , New Jersey . They graduated from Tenafly High School in Tenafly , New Jersey , in 1968 , [ 5 ] and attended Harvard University , where they earned A.B .. They continued to earn a Ph.D. in applied mathematics at the same institution . In 1975-76 , they were a visiting student at Darwin College , Cambridge University . In 1976 , after earning their doctorate , Maskin became a research fellow at Jesus College , Cambridge University . In the following year , they joined the faculty at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . In 1985 they returned to Harvard as the Louis Berkman Professor of Economics , where they remained until 2000 . That year , they moved to the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey . In addition to their position at the Princeton Institute , Maskin is the director of the Jerusalem Summer School in Economic Theory at The Institute for Advanced Studies at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem . [ 6 ] In 2010 , they were conferred an Honorary Doctoral Degree in Economics from The University of Cambodia . [ 7 ] In 2011 , Maskin has returned to Harvard again . [ 8 ]
Maskin has worked in diverse areas of economic theory , such as game theory , the economics of incentives , and contract theory . They are particularly well known for their papers on mechanism design/implementation theory and dynamic games . Their current research projects include comparing different electoral rules , examining the causes of inequality , and studying coalition formation . They are a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , Econometric Society , and the European Economic Association , and a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy . They were president of the Econometric Society in 2003 .
In September 2017 , Maskin received the title of HEC Paris Honoris Causa Professor . [ 9 ]
Software patents [ edit ]
Maskin suggested that software patents inhibit innovation rather than stimulate progress . Software , semiconductor , and computer industries have been innovative despite historically weak patent protection , they argued . Innovation in those industries has been sequential and complementary , so competition can increase firms ' future profits . In such a dynamic industry , `` patent protection may reduce overall innovation and social welfare '' . A natural experiment occurred in the 1980s when patent protection was extended to software '' , wrote Maskin with co-author James Bessen . `` Standard arguments would predict that R & D intensity and productivity should have increased among patenting firms . Consistent with our model , however , these increases did not occur '' . Other evidence supporting this model includes a distinctive pattern of cross-licensing and a positive relationship between rates of innovation and firm entry . [ 10 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A year-long United Nations investigation is set to conclude that North Korea has committed crimes against humanity , according to a leaked outline of the report , in the most authoritative indictment to date of abuses carried out by Pyongyang 's leaders . ( Kns/AFP/Getty Images )
A year-long investigation by the United Nations is set to conclude that North Korea has committed crimes against humanity , according to a leaked outline of the report , in the most authoritative indictment to date of abuses carried out by Pyongyang 's leaders .
The U.N. panel will also recommend that the North 's crimes be referred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague , according to the Associated Press , which obtained the outline of the findings . The report of the three-member Commission of Inquiry will be released Monday .
In establishing the panel , the U.N. has sought to address the challenge of a nation where abuses are carried out by an ­entrenched family-run government that faces almost no threat of international intervention .
Activists and human rights lawyers say the report , at minimum , will lead to broader global awareness of the North 's city-size gulags and systematic abductions of foreigners . But they also say that the North 's traditional ally , China , a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council , could block any referral of findings to The Hague .
“ It is exciting but also risky that the Commission appears to have requested the Security Council refer the situation in [ North Korea ] to the International Criminal Court , ” Jared Genser , an international human rights lawyer and an expert on North Korean abuses , said in an e-mail . “ There is no doubt that legally such a referral would be highly justified and appropriate . But it is also bound to infuriate China . ”
1 of 50 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Inside North Korea View Photos A visual tour inside the reclusive and secretive country . Caption A visual tour of the reclusive and secretive country . North Korean leader Kim Jong-un watches a performance given by the State Merited Chorus . Korean Central News Agency via Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
The ICC defines crimes against humanity as any widespread or systematic attack — using extermination , torture or rape , for instance — carried out against civilians .
Within the past century , the North 's abuses stand apart not necessarily because of their viciousness but because of their duration : North Korean founder Kim Il Sung set up the prison camps in the 1950s , and they have been in use ever since .
The North holds an estimated 80,000 to 120,000 political prisoners in its camps , which are sealed off in mountainous areas of the countryside and have been documented primarily through satellite imagery and testimony from survivors .
“ What you have in North Korea is a stable state system where they 've had these terrible labor camps and they 're going on for 60 years , ” said David Hawk , a researcher who has been at the forefront of documenting the gulags . “ Even Stalin 's camps did n't last that long . ”
North Korea denies committing human rights violations and has repeatedly failed to cooperate with the United Nations .
The commission , headed by retired Australian judge Michael Kirby , conducted interviews with more than 80 victims and other witnesses in Seoul , Tokyo , London and Washington . The panel members were also aided by about a dozen staffers and researchers — a major personnel shift for the United Nations , which previously had a single appointed volunteer dedicated to North Korean human rights .
One of those interviewed was Kim Hye-sook , who spent 28 years in Camp 18 , which at the time was one of the North 's largest gulags .
Kim arrived there when they were 13 , imprisoned because their grandfather had allegedly fled to South Korea . Kim , who has also told their story publicly , survived at the camp on wild herbs , grass and corn powder . While at the camp they went to school , married and worked in a mine . Them husband and brother died in mining accidents . Kim developed a pulmonary tumor from inhaling dust during their 16-to-18-hour work shifts .
Once a week , prisoners were forced to memorize tropes about North Korean ideology . When prisoners came to those ideology sessions , Kim said , security personnel would make the prisoners get on their knees and open their mouths . Guards would then spit into them . If the prisoners did n't swallow , they would be savagely beaten .
Kim calls the commission 's conclusion “ very natural . ”
“ I agree with their findings , ” Kim said , “ but I do n't expect changes to come anytime soon . ”
Yoonjung Seo contributed to this report .
Roasted cherry tomatoes roasted in the oven . Use them in salads , pasta or sandwiches . Add herbs and roast to bring out the best in these sweet and juicy tomatoes
Have I mentioned that I have a love of tomatoes ?
These tomatoes are oven roasted and I just ate them right out of the baking tray .
Oh my gosh ! Look at how delicious these cherry tomatoes look ! That vibrant red color comes out when you slow roasting these tomatoes in the oven .
I ca n't stop drooling at them
At any given time , you will always find these tomatoes in my fridge . Either they are fresh or I have roasted them and set them aside for a future recipe .
Most of the time , I use them in salads . However , I really like them in this broccoli and pasta recipe . It adds such a delicious tang to the pasta .
Sometimes , I add garlic to them when roasting and it is delicious . This time , however , I skipped the garlic because I wanted to use its natural flavors . It will end up in a sandwich recipe , so , it is ok to omit the garlic .
The best part of this recipe is that it will work great as a snack by itself . I can munch on these while watching TV or while working on the computer .
If you want to save a harvest of cherry tomatoes , you can roast them and freeze them in a zip lock back . This frozen tomatoes will be perfect for a pasta recipe in the future .
Add avocado and cayenne pepper to these oven-roasted cherry tomatoes to make a delicious tomato and avocado salad .
How will you use these tomatoes ?
Oven Roasted Cherry Tomatoes
Oven Roasted Cherry Tomatoes Roasted cherry tomatoes roasted in the oven with fresh herbs .
Print Pin Prep Time : 5 minutes Cook Time : 30 minutes Total Time : 35 minutes Servings : 2 cups Calories : 69 kcal Author : Healing Tomato Ingredients 2 cups Cherry Tomatoes
1 Tbsp Oregano finely chopped
1 tsp Parsley finely chopped
1 Tbsp Balsamic Vinaigrette
1/8 tsp salt optional Instructions Pre-heat the oven to 250 degrees
Place 2 cups of cherry tomatoes in a bowl
Add Oregano and parsley
Add salt and balsamic vinaigrette
Gently mix everything with your hands
Spread out the tomato mixture onto a baking dish
Place the tray in the bottom rack of the oven
Roast for about 30 minutes or until the tomatoes start to wrinkle
Let them cool before devouring
Nutrition Serving : 2 Cups | Calories : 69 kcal | Carbohydrates : 7 g | Protein : 1 g | Fat : 4 g | Sodium : 162 mg | Potassium : 356 mg | Fiber : 2 g | Sugar : 4 g | vitamin A : 15.4 % | vitamin C : 41.2 % | Calcium : 5.6 % | Iron : 10.7 % Tried this recipe ? Follow me @ healingtomato1 and mention # healingtomato1
MORE FROM HEALINGTOMATO
* Ongoing offers on clinique.com.au are subject to change without notice . Samples shown above may not be available at checkout . Offer good while supplies last . One to a client please . We reserve the right to substitute any free item offered with an item of equal or greater value . Offer available to Australia residents only . Applicable purchase does not include shipping , handling or sales tax charges ; items noted as eligible ; or items that are not in stock at the time of purchase . Offer applies to authorised purchases only . Offers can not be applied to previously placed orders . Offer is not applicable to pending purchases . All offers including , ( samples , gift sets and bags , full size product , discounts ) are only offered free of charge when supplied with an authorised and fully completed purchase . If the purchase is cancelled and refunded , the customer is required to return the purchase including the free of charge item ( s ) . Partially cancelled and refunded purchases requires the customer to return the partially cancelled purchase including the free of charge item ( s ) if the final purchase amount is below the offer qualifier . Only authorised orders will be processed and shipped . We reserve the right to cancel any order due to unauthorised , altered , or ineligible use of offer and to modify or cancel this promotion due to system error or unforeseen problems .
At Wednesday 's White House press briefing , White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller was pressed on whether Trump 's new immigration policy was in keeping with the spirit of the poem inscribed at the base of Statute of Liberty .
“ Give me your tired , your poor , Your huddled masses , yearning to breathe free , The wretched refuse of your teeming shore , Send these , the homeless , tempest tost to me , I lift my lamp beside the golden door . ”
The Trump administration 's new immigration bill , as CNN 's Jim Acosta noted , favors “ highly-skilled , ” English-speaking applicants .
Miller became angry , replying that the sonnet on the Statue of Liberty was “ added later ” and therefore , does not reflect American values towards immigrants .
While the argument surprised many observers , it is a popular refrain among white nationalists .
Miller 's comments were greeted enthusiastically by white nationalists on Twitter .
Stephen Miller just echoed us on the Statue of Liberty # ChangingTheNarrative https : //t.co/RdfKwh0fn7 — Hunter Wallace ( @ occdissent ) August 2 , 2017
David Duke , a vocal Trump supporter and former Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan has devoted an entire chapter in one of their books to Emma Lazarus , the author of the poem , and the Statue of Liberty . Duke says Lazarus was “ anxious to turn America into a refuge for the castoffs of the world . ”
It was also a point made in January by white nationalist Richard Spencer .
It 's offensive that such a beautiful , inspiring statue was ever associated with ugliness , weakness , and deformity . https : //t.co/XYgNwzewIg — Richard ☝🏻Spencer ( @ RichardBSpencer ) January 28 , 2017
Stormfront.org , a popular website among white supremacists that boasts the tagline , “ Every month is White history month , ” has a numerous discussion threads on the topic , including one titled , “ Give Me Your Huddled Masses — The Jewess who tried to destroy the US ! ” Contributors to the forum wrote the poem should be “ considered graffiti ” and stress that Lazarus ' sonnet is “ not part of the original ” statue at all .
Advertisement
The subreddit for Donald Trump supporters , which frequently pushes white nationalist memes , also has a post titled , “ Does everyone realize that the poem inscribed beneath the Statue of Liberty is not , in fact , law ? ”
“ The New Colossus ” by Jewish-American poet Emma Lazarus was written in 1883 , as many immigrants were moving to the United States through the port of Ellis Island in New York . They wrote the poem to help raise money for the base of statue . The inscribed bronze plaque on the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty was added in 1903 .
Miller is no stranger to racially-motivated immigration policy . They were one of the fiercest advocates for Trump 's travel ban against immigrants from majority-Muslim countries .
LONDON -- Britain unveiled on Wednesday a campaign to dig itself out from under a mountain of public debt , setting up a global experiment : Can a major nation drastically slash government spending without derailing its economic recovery ?
The new Conservative-led coalition headed by Prime Minister David Cameron announced cuts deeper than the ones made by Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s , outlining a plan to eliminate half a million government jobs , slash welfare benefits and reduce $ 131 billion worth of other public spending on everything from fighter jets to social security to the arts by 2015 .
The effort puts Britain at the core of the debate over how fast , and how deep , to cut the crushing levels of public debt racked up by governments from the United States to Europe and now viewed by leading economists as one of the greatest threats to the global economy . Britain 's pull-the-bandage-off-fast approach now stands in sharp contrast to the thinking in Washington , where senior administration officials are leery of the impact such drastic steps could have on the U.S. recovery , and where further increases in funding are still being considered .
The new coalition is gambling its political future on a bet that Britons will embrace a painful new age of austerity after years of big-spending Labor governments under prime ministers Gordon Brown and Tony Blair .
In the aftermath of the financial crisis -- with collapsing tax revenue and soaring stimulus spending -- the budget deficit here is one of the highest in the industrialized world , standing at 11.5 percent of economic output , or slightly higher than in the United States .
Now , budget cuts are set to yank billions out of the British economy , costing jobs that may not be offset by the private sector and potentially stalling the still-fragile economic recovery .
The move in Britain comes as nations across Europe are rolling back government spending ramped up after the financial crisis , overhauling even long-sacred social safety nets in the drive for fiscal austerity . In particular , cash-strapped Spain , Ireland and Greece , which needed an international bailout , are making cuts to convince investors they can still pay their bills , touching off increasingly violent strikes from unionists .
On Wednesday in France , for instance , angry protesters opposed to government efforts to boost the retirement age clashed with baton-wielding police , blocking roads , smashing storefront windows and ring-fencing gas depots . In recent weeks , more limited strikes have temporarily shut down London 's Underground transit system , stranding millions of passengers .
Nevertheless , British officials have decided that a potential loss of market confidence and the weight of the debt on the economy and the British pound are now the greater threat .
`` Today is the day when Britain steps back from the brink , when we confront the bills of a decade of debt , '' George Osborne , the chancellor of the exchequer , or Britain 's treasury secretary , declared before Parliament on Wednesday .
The effort here is set to transform the British welfare state , setting new limits on benefits for the poor and raising the retirement age for millions of Britons . Fewer police officers will soon be on the streets , and train fares and college tuitions will rise . One in 12 government employees is set to lose their job .
Yet the British , unlike their peers in continental Europe , appear culturally more willing to cope with what Cameron has dubbed a new `` age of austerity , '' with polls showing almost twice as many Britons supporting deep debt reduction as opposing it .
According to the Game of Thrones wiki , the ninth episode of season four will be titled “ Castle Black . ”
So far , the ninth episode of every season of the show has heralded a huge WTF moment , from Ned 's beheading , to the battle of Blackwater , to the worst wedding in the history of ever .
The episode will be helmed by director Neil Marshall , who also directed “ Blackwater ” in season two . Marshall is promising a lot of action in the episode , saying “ There 's a lot of very physical action and a lot of fighting—sword fights and physical fights . We pack quite a lot of stuff in there. ” ( Here 's more from the interview—beware of mild spoilers ! )
Book readers know what exactly what Castle Black means in this context , but do you think the series will sneak in another castle-related jaw-dropper ?
Average Australian Internet Speed - December 2016
Akamai has released their latest State of the Internet Report , which shows the average Australian internet speed sitting currently ranked 50th in the world for its average national internet connection speed at 9.6 Mbps , with a year on year growth of 23 % . Whilst Australia has seen some improvement from the rollout of the NBN , this speed growth figure still languishes behind the number one country South Korea , which has almost three times the average speed of Australia at 26.3 Mbps ( +28 % YOY ) .
The most eye-opening figure in this report was that almost a quarter of the Australia 's population still receive an average speed below 4 Mbps . Signalling that the continued rollout of the NBN could n't come fast enough to those in need of a speed upgrade , to be in line with today 's modern tech-based lifestyle . Our neighbours New Zealand sit ahead of Australia , with their average speeds a touch over the double digits at 11.3 Mbps . Comparable economies to Australia , such as France are also falling behind the pack of developed nations with a speed of just 9.7 Mbps .
To put some perspective on where Australia sits , developing nations such as Thailand ( 11.7 Mbps ) and Kenya ( 11 Mbps ) sit ahead of Australia . While our Asian neighbours continue to be at the forefront of digital technology , with South Korea ( 1 ) , Hong Kong ( 2 ) , Singapore ( 6 ) and Japan ( 7 ) all taking up positions within the Top 10 countries with the fastest internet speeds . These figures truly bring to light the need for the NBN Rollout to be a successful infrastructure program as it will allow many Australians to receive an internet speed in line with the demands of today 's requirements .
It 's high noon in the Union , and Chancellor Angela Merkel is publicly under fire . They have become vulnerable . But the humiliation that their junior partners at the Christian Social Union subjected them to this weekend at their party congress was unlike anything that any previous German chancellor has had to suffer .
CSU boss Horst Seehofer reprimanded Merkel for their `` Yes we can '' policy much like a schoolteacher would a student in front of the class - and they did it on camera for the whole world to see . The CSU wants to limit the number of refugees that Germany takes in ; Merkel does not . One could say that the situation represents a maximum possible conflict . And that conflict is raging within Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , as well . That is the backdrop against which the debate over refugee policy in Germany is now taking place . Capping is all the rage at the moment .
Now , even the CDU 's youth wing has taken a stance against Merkel . In fact , for the Young Union ( JU ) , even the CSU 's demands do n't go far enough . The up-and-coming Christian Democrats want explicit caps . The JU fears that otherwise a `` very real threat to our ability to assess ourselves will arise . '' They say that the federal government and the states should come to an agreement on exactly where the limit should be set . The CDU will be holding its party congress in three weeks , and it has been a long time since there was such infighting among the Christian Democrats .
More than anywhere else , skepticism about Merkel is growing loudest in the states . Reiner Haseloff , Saxony-Anhalt 's CDU state premier , is calling for a cap that `` bears our capabilities in mind . '' They say the limit for their state would be 12,000 refugees per year - including family members who join relatives already in Germany .
Seehofer used the CSU congress to lecture the chancellor
The common denominator
Slightly to Merkel 's left , their Social Democratic ( SPD ) coalition partners also want to assert their control over refugees . SPD parliamentary group chairperson Thomas Oppermann is making the case for a limit . According to their plan , the Bundestag , the EU and the United Nations High Commissioner on Refugees would set annual limits . The theory behind the plan is that refugees would no longer have to risk their lives in the Aegean and Mediterranean seas and human traffickers would be driven out of business . Oppermann says limits should be determined by `` how many people we can actually integrate . ''
But limits are already in place . They have just been pushed to the side as Germany moved to accommodate as many refugees as possible this year . In 2013 , some 10,000 Syrians came directly to Germany from refugee camps in Lebanon . In 2014 , that number doubled . Yet , during that same time , hundreds of thousands of Syrians took the Balkan route to Germany , creating a situation in which uncontrolled entries existed parallel to the established process .
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere now wants to look very closely at Syria . The official word from their ministry is that many Syrians arriving in Germany are not really Syrians . The minister themselves pegged this number at somewhere between 20 and 30 percent of new arrivals . But the fact of the matter is that there are no statistics on the actual number of `` fake Syrians '' currently in the country .
At the moment , enforcing limits is the one thing that most factions in the grand coalition government can agree on . The idea has its advantages politically . In a practical sense , it is a bartering arrangement between Germany and its neighbors . The European Union could agree to take in large contingents of refugees while also covering the cost of caring for those who remain in Turkey . In exchange , Turkey would be required to re-establish control over its border with Europe . The advantages are clear : fewer refugees and increased control .
And control is desperately needed . Asylum processing in Germany has effectively ground to a halt . The Federal Office for Migration and Refugees ( BAMF ) , the agency responsible for the processing of asylum applications , simply can not keep up . Of the 181,000 refugees who arrived in October , only 31,000 asylum applications have been able to be processed . A total of 328,000 are currently on hold . It takes an average of 5.2 months to process an application . Add to that the several months before an application can even be submitted . BAMF reportedly needs to create about 9,000 new positions if it is to complete the task - this year all of 1,350 new openings have been approved .
At the same time , European asylum law has failed . The Dublin Regulation , which stipulates that each refugee is required to file for asylum where they or they first reach EU soil , has proven unworkable . Italy and Greece , the main points of arrival in Europe , are objectively overwhelmed .
Since the Arab uprisings began in 2011 , many refugees have preferred to journey across the western Mediterranean ; this year they have also taken to the Aegean . EU solidarity in taking in refugees arriving in Italy and Greece has remained nonexistent despite the fact that it was promised . The European Commission recently announced that it intends to present a reform plan in March 2016 , to help Italy and Greece .
The fine line between early and late stoppages in MMA has become increasingly muddled in recent months .
Between Herb Dean 's perceived early stoppages in UFC 169 and UFC 170 headliners , to the nearly criminal late stoppage at a EFC event a week ago , there 's no denying that MMA refereeing is inconsistent at best .
If it were up to former UFC lightweight champion Frankie Edgar , though , they would n't have a referee stop one of their fights until the final possible moment .
“ If it 's me , let me be limp before you stop it , ” Edgar recently told MMAjunkie Radio . “ It 's tough to be a ref , especially in that situation when they 've got to protect the fighters . But I want every chance I can get . Let me go out on my shield . ”
Edgar has about as much experience as anyone when it comes to walking that fine line . Few can forget their epic battles with Gray Maynard at UFC 125 and UFC 136 . In both fights , “ The Answer ” was badly hurt by their opponent 's power strikes , and they suffered multiple knockdowns in the early rounds of each contest .
Many MMA referees would have stopped one or both of those fights in Maynard 's favor . In these instances , though , Edgar was given the opportunity to fight on , which ultimately allowed them to rally back and hang on to their lightweight title .
If Edgar had n't been given the opportunity , though , it 's very likely their career would currently have an entirely different complexion . That 's just one reason why they think all fighters should be given the same opportunity to fight out of a compromising spot .
“ It 's definitely the referee 's discretion , but I want every chance to come back , ” Edgar said . “ In the Maynard fights , someone else may have stopped it . Obviously the ref did n't , and they made the right choice because I bounced back . That was the right choice . ”
With MMA still in such an infantile state , no one really knows the true long-term repercussions Edgar may experience because of those grueling bouts . There 's constant pressure on referees to not spoil a fighter 's chance to come back and win – but also not to allow them or them to take a prison-style thrashing inside the confines of a regulated MMA bout .
From the perspective of a fighter , Edgar knows the potential pitfalls of unnecessary blows to the head . At the same time , though , this sport is their livelihood , and they want their chance of winning to bottom out at zero percent before a referee saves him .
“ I 'm a fighter ; I ca n't help it , ” Edgar said . “ I 'm a competitor . I want to win , and if I feel a ref stopped it too early , I would be upset .
“ I just want the chance to come back . I 'm sure it would never be like that where I 'm getting my head beat in and the ref would n't stop it , but I just want a chance to come back . ”
Edgar ( 16-4-1 MMA , 10-4-1 UFC ) will look to avoid putting themselves in any such situations when they face fellow head coach B.J . Penn ( 16-9-2 MMA , 12-8-2 UFC ) for a third time in the main event of The Ultimate Fighter 19 Finale on July 6 .
For the latest on The Ultimate Fighter 19 Finale , stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site .
MMAjunkie Radio broadcasts Monday-Friday at noon ET ( 9 a.m. PT ) live from Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino 's Race & Sports Book . The show is hosted by “ Gorgeous ” George Garcia , MMAjunkie lead staff reporter John Morgan and producer Brian “ Goze ” Garcia . For more information or to download past episodes , go to www.mmajunkie.com/radio .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's James Landale asked David Cameron why only some of the UK 's troops would be returning home
UK troops could be withdrawn from Afghanistan more quickly than previously announced , David Cameron has suggested .
The prime minister announced this week that numbers would be cut from 9,000 to 5,200 next year .
But , on a pre-Christmas visit to Camp Bastion in Helmand province , they said there was `` flexibility '' in the plan .
There had been better-than-expected progress in training the country 's own security , Mr Cameron added .
On Wednesday , the prime minister announced cuts in troop numbers serving in Afghanistan as part of the plan to end combat operations in 2014 .
But they told reporters at Camp Bastion : `` Of course there is always flexibility in any plan . ''
'Haven of terrorism '
During the visit they acknowledged that troops had paid a `` high price '' but said their efforts had been worthwhile .
More than 400 UK personnel have died since the operation in Afghanistan began in 2001 but the military presence has cut the number of terrorist plots , Mr Cameron said .
During their trip , they played table football and attended a carol service .
On their traditional seasonal visit to troops , Mr Cameron toured Camp Bastion and was taken by helicopter to the smaller Camp Price operating base about 20 miles ( 32km ) away .
Image caption David Cameron plays table football with Royal Marines at Forward Operating Base Price
All Nato operations are due to finish by the end of 2014 , with responsibility being transferred to Afghan forces .
Mr Cameron suggested the Afghans were acquiring the `` capability '' to take charge of security .
`` This is withdrawal . This is drawdown based on success not on failure , '' they said .
`` We 're confident it can be done while making sure Afghanistan does not return to become a haven of terrorism , which is of course why we came here in the first place . ''
They added : `` We have paid a very heavy price but I think the reason for coming here in the first place , which was to stop Afghanistan being a haven for terror ... I think it was the right decision . ''
Troop numbers are already being reduced from 9,500 to 9,000 before Christmas .
A small number of British troops would remain in the country beyond that , working at an officer training academy and `` involved in returning equipment and dealing with logistics '' , Mr Cameron told MPs at Prime Minister 's Questions on Wednesday .
But during their visit to Afghanistan , government officials promised an extra £230m from Treasury reserves would be spent on military kit to see the campaign through .
The funding includes £29m for additional bomb detectors ; a £10m upgrade for armed vehicles ; more military dogs for foot patrols and £5m to boost intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance at Camp Bastion .
BBC deputy political editor James Landale , travelling with the prime minister , said the aim of the visit was to give troops some sense of reassurance about their role .
Commanders do not want to leave Afghanistan before the `` job is done '' , they added .
With the insurgency pushed out to the edges of society , and the Afghan army and police improving , there was a growing sense of optimism in the country , commanders had told him .
The Oakland City Council 's Public Safety Committee should have at least two items on hand when it meets at 6 p.m. Tuesday to debate changes to the “ equity ” permits in its new medical cannabis regulations : An update on state medical cannabis legislation and a copy of the U.S. Constitution .
A pot of strong coffee might also help , because it will be a long night reworking the legislation — which includes important social justice goals — so that it does not end up driving cannabis business from Oakland and discriminate against far more individuals than it helps .
There 's still time to make changes . The city administrator 's office has yet to issue medical cannabis permit applications and is looking for guidance from the City Council and the city attorney 's office to address serious problems with the new permitting program . It 's worth the effort . Oakland has long been a perceived leader in the cannabis legalization movement and in the fight for social justice . If Oakland is for real , it should be able to get this right .
In May , Oakland approved rules to regulate its medical marijuana industry , including dispensers , cultivators and manufacturers . These approvals give the city a head start and some local control over medical cannabis permitting , which must be in place when new state laws take effect in 2018 . Without a local permit , medical cannabis businesses can not get a state license and ca n't operate .
Public Safety Committee Chair Desley Brooks has said the equity rules are intended to assist lower-income communities of color that have been disproportionately impacted by marijuana law enforcement . Studies show that blacks are almost four times as likely to be arrested for pot possession as whites even though they use the drug at roughly the same rates — the Oakland police-beat-arrest data reflect the national stats .
Now that more complete state rules regulating medical cannabis are being implemented and legalization of adult recreational cannabis is on the November ballot , many believe that cities must give a leg up to communities of color unfairly targeted by police for marijuana offenses and as a result , shut off from the same business opportunities as whites . Equity proponents note that of Oakland 's eight medical pot dispensaries , only one is run by African Americans and none by Latinos .
I believe that the goals underpinning equity permits are commendable . However , the way they have been handled at the City Council has been anything but . Brooks , who represents part of East Oakland on the City Council , has led the effort , and their approach has been divisive . More importantly — and ironically — it has been discriminatory .
Brooks added the equity amendments after the ordinances had been 18 months in the making and threatened to strand the legislation at committee if their terms were not met .
Those terms imposed unnecessary burdens , from a business standpoint . Worse , they exclude many of the residents historically targeted for marijuana arrests — precisely those that Brooks claimed to want to help . As Brooks designed it , only residents living within six of the police department 's 57 beats are eligible . A quick snapshot of the equity program as it stands shows its serious flaws .
Half of all Oakland medical cannabis business permits are reserved for companies that meet these criteria :
•50 percent ownership by a resident of one of six East Oakland police beats that had a high number of marijuana arrests , based on 2013 data .
•Or 50 percent ownership by an Oakland resident incarcerated for marijuana-convictions arising out of Oakland during the past decade .
•At all times , the number of equity permits issued must be at least equal to the number of non-equity permits . This means that fully compliant non-equity applicants could wait indefinitely if there are not enough equity applications approved .
The most obvious problem with the 50 percent-ownership requirement is that it handicaps business owners who want a permit but may not know anyone from the selected police beats or an Oakland resident incarcerated for a pot offense . And the requirement is not consistent with current state law .
Here is where the update from Sacramento comes in : In August , a bill legalizing for-profit cannabis operations died on the state Senate floor . That bill was intended to bridge the old state regulations — which barred for-profit pot businesses — with the new state rules that allow them , but wo n't go into effect until 2018 . When the bill failed , the pot industry was forced to use the old rules for two more years .
It goes without saying that Brooks ' 50 percent ownership rules do n't make a lot of sense when cannabis businesses ca n't make a profit . What does “ ownership ” mean in that context and how are equity goals achieved ? More importantly , no social justice policy will be taken seriously if it excludes equally deserving individuals in favor of others , with no rational basis for doing so .
In a display of extraordinary cynicism , Brooks has insinuated that those who question their preference for East Oakland residents are racist .
The U.S. Constitution would be a useful guide to undoing Brooks ' patently discriminatory preferences for East Oakland residents . Specifically , Article IV , the Privileges and Immunities Clause , precludes discrimination based on residence when government offers no substantial reason for the difference in treatment or it does not bear a substantial relationship to the government 's objectives . The California Constitution also protects the right to migrate , resettle and find a new job .
The only reason offered by Brooks for singling out East Oakland residents is that in 2013 , six East Oakland police beats saw a disproportionate percentage of marijuana arrests . Brooks pushed their agenda despite years of data showing many more than six of the city 's 57 police beats suffered a disproportionate percentage of marijuana arrests , including a number of beats in West Oakland .
A group led by Matt Hummel , the chairperson of Oakland 's Cannabis Regulatory Commission , has offered amendments the Public Safety Committee is scheduled to consider Tuesday . Among them are to make an additional 13 police beats eligible for the permits and to include Oakland residents incarcerated anywhere in California . Adopting the amendments wo n't perfect the legislation , but it will make it more credible . Tax breaks and business assistance for entrepreneurs from impacted areas are two ideas of many to also consider .
Unfortunately , Brooks and two council colleagues just last week proposed amendments that are counter to additional constitutional principles , including demanding partial city ownership from pot businesses in exchange for a city permit .
Turning around Oakland 's troubled medical cannabis permitting rules will be challenging , given the many legal issues and the cynical way they have been approached . The Constitution will be a useful guide . Thick skin and strong backbones also will be needed .
Robert Selna is an Oakland land-use attorney . To comment , submit your letter to the editor at http : //bit.ly/SFChronicleletters .
SEATTLE ( May 1 , 2015 ) — Seattle Reign FC ( 1-2-0 , 3 pts ) will attempt to snap a two-game losing streak on Saturday , May 2 , with a rematch of last season 's NWSL semifinals against the Washington Spirit ( 2-1-0 , 6 pts ) . Kick-off is set for 7 p.m. PT on the Moda Pitch at Memorial Stadium , with a live , high-definition webstream available atYouTube.com/NWSL .
After a 5-1 win against the Western New York Flash to start the season on April 12 , Seattle has lost two straight road matches by one-goal margins .
A stoppage time goal propelled the Chicago Red Stars past Seattle 3-2 on April 18 , with a 1-0 defeat against FC Kansas City five days later .
Washington lost its first match of the season — a 1-0 road defeat against Houston — but has won its last two games . The Spirit posted victories both their home opener against FCKC on April 18 , and a road tilt with Sky Blue FC last Sunday by 3-1 margins .
Most of last year 's playoff roster returns for Washington , but the team will be without several key contributors as national teams ramp up for this June 's FIFA Women 's World Cup .
Goalkeeper Ashlyn Harris and defender Ali Krieger are both with the U.S. Women 's National Team , while Canadian midfielder Diana Matheson is out as they recover from a knee injury suffered last October with the hope of being ready for June .
With that trio out , defender Crystal Dunn and a pair of Mexican internationals in defender Arianna Romero — who was acquired in an offseason trade with Houston — and midfielder Veronica Perez will lead the Spirit on Saturday .
Several new additions also joined the fold for 2015 , with the team adding a pair of forwards with international experience in Argentinian Estefania Banini and Nigerian Francisca Ordega . Defender Katherine Reynolds and midfielder Angela Salem were also added to the roster in a trade with the Western New York Flash .
A trio of defenders is selected in the draft : UCLA 's Megan Oyster and Caprice Dydasco , and Penn State 's Whitney Church . Banini , Reynolds , Oyster , and midfielders Tori Huster and Christine Nairn have started all three of team 's games this season .
Last season , Seattle posted a 3-0-1 record against the Spirit . Midfielders Jessica Fishlock and Keelin Winters , and defender Kendall Fletcher scored in a 3-1 victory on April 23 in Seattle , with Fishlock scoring again in a 2-1 win on the road two weeks later .
The two sides played to a 1-1 draw on August 9 , with Scottish international Kim Little scoring a goal off the bench , with Seattle notching a 2-1 win in the NWSL Semifinals on August 24 . Goals from Little and forward Megan Rapinoe propelled Reign FC in that matchup .
For details on single match tickets , visit ReignFC.com or call ( 855 ) REIGN-FC . Great seats start at just $ 19 . Fans who ca n't make it the match can download the official , free Reign FC app here to watch every match live via YouTube the iPhone .
# LetItReign
The Ascension marks the beginning of a 10-day period of prayer and reflection .
“ It is not for you to know the times or dates the Father has set by their own authority . But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you ; and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem , and in all Judea and Samaria , and to the ends of the earth . ' After they said this , they were taken up before their very eyes , and a cloud hid them from their sight. ” Acts 1:7-9 , the Holy Bible , New International Version
The Christian holiday of Easter celebrates the resurrection of Jesus on the third day after their death . Once they had appeared to their closest followers that Sunday morning , they continued to make appearances and provide convincing proof that they were once again alive . On the 40th day after their resurrection they gave the final instructions quoted above to their followers and then went up into heaven . Christians today observe this event as the Ascension of Jesus .
The Ascension marks the beginning of a 10-day period of prayer and reflection during which the disciples waited for a sign , a gift promised by Jesus before they left : “ John baptized with water , but in a few days you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit ” ( Acts 1:5 ) . This waiting time ended on the Pentecost , a Jewish holiday now adopted by Christians to observe the giving of the Holy Spirit .
History of Observance
Ascension was possibly observed by early Christians in conjunction with Easter and Pentecost ( which follows ten days later ) as being part of the resurrection event begun on Good Friday ( Jesus ' sacrificial death ) and concluded with Pentecost ( the giving of the Holy Spirit ) . Since at least the 5th century , it has been observed as a separate feast day of prayer and reflection .
Catholics observe Ascension by praying the Novena ( nine days of prayer ) between Ascension and Pentecost . This prayer requests the gifts of the Holy Spirit and the fruits of the Holy Spirit . Other interesting traditions surrounding this holiday include a procession to the altar with a standard bearing a lion at the front of the line and a standard bearing a dragon at the tail of the line , which symbolizes the victory of Jesus over Satan . Some churches elevate a statue of Jesus at the front of the room , sometimes going so far as to physically raise it up during the service .
Significance
In terms of church attendance , observation of the Ascension pales among the other Easter related holidays . Perhaps the idea of watching Jesus ascend into heaven seems less essential than the moment they returned to life after three days in a tomb . Perhaps a Thursday in May is simply a less convenient time than Easter Sunday to get away from spring bustle , between school , sports , work , and general spring fever .
Whether at church or simply in one 's personal meditation space , the Ascension of Jesus remains an important moment for Christians to commemorate , because it reminds us to pause and reflect Jesus ' holiness . Jesus , the man who claimed to be God but died on a Friday , proved their claim when they conquered death and returned on Sunday to walk among the living . They stayed with their followers another 40 days , teaching them and establishing their marching orders for post-Resurrection times . And when their instructions were complete , they saw them go back into the heavens as further evidence supporting their claim .
Jesus ' earthly ministry concluded that day , but their work had just begun . The waiting followers were passed the mantle of earthly leadership of their ministry , along with a gift ( to arrive 10 days later ) to guide them in their journey : an inner counselor , the Holy Spirit .
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
A Manila-bound Emirates flight from Dubai made an emergency landing in Kolkata after a pregnant woman passenger went into labour.By the time the plane landed at the Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International airport in Kolkata , the woman , Camejina Sokunivaa , had given birth to a baby boy . All standard emergency measures , including a team of doctors and life-support vehicle , were immediately put in place at the airport , officials said.Both Ms Sokunivaa , who is from the Philippines , and their newborn have been admitted to a private hospital near the Kolkata airport , and are reportedly out of danger . The 30-year-old woman 's husband was informed in Manila , and has reached Kolkata . According to international aviation laws , the baby boy will now be able to travel free of cost in any future Emirates flight .
Wade Bovey was convicted of drink-driving while in control of a motorised picnic table but has since sold the unique machine . Photo supplied .
Of the dozens of drink-drivers appearing in New Zealand courts this week , it is a safe bet only one case related to a motorised picnic table .
Mosgiel joiner Wade Bryce Bovey ( 21 ) left the Dunedin District Court on Tuesday with a common conviction to their name but the circumstances were anything but .
'' One night me and a mate decided we 'd take it to the pub , '' they told the Otago Daily Times .
Prosecutor Sergeant Chris George helpfully explained what exactly `` it '' was to the court .
'' The picnic table is a wooden table with seats on both sides , a driver seat and controls that is on wheels , which is motorised by a 398cc engine , '' they said .
Photos revealed , drink-holders had also been installed .
'' It 's quite the work of art , '' Sgt George said , handing pictures of the vehicle to Judge Dominic Flatley .
'' Indeed , '' the judge said , after perusing the images .
On January 27 , Bovey and their friend were seen by a passing police car pushing the quirky machine , which they had `` acquired '' from a man in Christchurch , up Queen St to their home .
'' It did n't have enough power to get up the hill , '' they explained .
Bovey hoped the officers were going to lend a hand but instead they were breathalysed .
A summary of facts said the defendant showed signs of recent alcohol intake but Bovey said it required little detective work on the police 's part .
'' There was a box of beer sitting on it . ''
They blew a level of 678mcg and was fined $ 750 and banned from driving - any vehicle , including motorised tables - for six months .
Counsel Elliot Higbee said their client had been off alcohol since the incident and was working hard to stay out of trouble .
'' He instructs they have ceased associating with the type of people involved in operating motorised picnic tables while under the influence of alcohol , '' they said .
The submission drew a raised eyebrow from Judge Flatley .
'' You have a very poor attitude and that needs to change , '' the judge told Bovey .
When discussing the case with the ODT outside court , their new-found infamy was apparent as a couple walked past .
'' Picnic at yours ? '' they asked .
But Bovey had to decline , since they had sold the bespoke buggy .
'' It was a bad idea getting it in the first place , '' they said .
'' I had my fun , got in trouble , sold it . ''
Bovey would only call the sale price `` an undisclosed amount '' but said it was much more than what it was worth .
And where will it turn up next ?
'' I sold it to a bunch of pissheads in Gore , '' they said .
rob.kidd @ odt.co.nz
Rick Pitino announced Thursday afternoon that Chane Behanan has been suspended indefinitely , and will likely not rejoin the team .
Pitino called Behanan 's transgression ( s ) a `` violation of team rules '' and said that the junior forward is no longer living in the team 's dormitory . When asked if it was possible that Behanan could rejoin the team , Pitino said it was , but added that it `` is n't probable . ''
`` He has a very difficult time understanding life 's values , '' Pitino said . `` We 're more concerned right now about Chane the person than the player . We want to see them prosper as a person . Chane would n't hurt a fly . He 's a good person . But it 's very difficult for them to follow rules . ''
The news will force Wayne Blackshear to move down and play the four , at least until Akoy Agau proves themselves capable of playing big minutes at the position . I 'd also expect to see a significant amount of Trez and SVT on the court at the same time .
U of L is deep enough to deal with this blow , but .... dammit , Chane .
CNN 's Fareed Zakaria ( Photo : screen capture )
CNN foreign policy host Fareed Zakaria told Don Lemon that President Donald Trump has spent their history talking about the ways in which everyone is hurting the U.S . But when it comes to Russia , Trump is quick to defend .
“ Trump 's view on foreign policy has been consistent their whole life , ” Zakaria began . “ The rest of the world is screwing America . As a real estate developer they took out ads saying the Europeans never pay their fair share , the Japanese are screwing us , the rest of the world humiliates us . Every book he 's written that 's exactly the position he 's taken except with one country : Russia . They think that Germany , Britain and France are countries that screw us and we should be tough on them but Russia , poor Russia is misunderstood and if only we could get on with it better . So , there 's this puzzle , it 's really about one country . ”
They went on to say that there are “ seas of contacts with this one country ” and that there is n't any equivalent with another country . They specifically mentioned that neither China nor Germany enjoy similar communications from the Trump campaign .
“ So , again , you have this puzzle of a country with which they have this one exceptional view with whom the campaign has had a series of unusual , perhaps unique contacts , and , as you say , maybe it 's all smoke , but it sure is a lot of smoke , ” they concluded .
Former Russian Ambassador Alexander Vershbow said that the amount of communication with Russia and their “ peculiar fondness ” with Russia seems outside of the norm but there 's no evidence about whether it was nefarious .
Watch the full explanation below :
The Indiana Pacers were already a middle-tier team in the 2016-17 season , even with Paul George on the roster . Well , with George and other key contributors now gone from the Hoosier State , things are about to get a whole lot murkier .
Before we touch on what to expect from the Pacers going forward , let 's re-visit what worked well for this team last season .
Countdown to NBA Tip-Off : Indiana Pacers Season Preview
What Worked Last Season
Indiana was , in every sense of the word , a very average team last season . Nate McMillan ‘ s squad finished 15th in points per game and 14th in opponents points per game en route to a 42-40 record . Despite its mediocrity , the Pacers regular season helped earn the team a postseason berth , which saw them swept out of the first round by the Cavaliers .
The Pacers were the fourth-most efficient team from three-point range last season , knocking down 37.6 % of their attempts . A big part of that was George and C.J . Miles , both of whom attempted at least five threes per game , knocking down 39 % and 41 % respectively .
Indy also excelled at protecting the rim last season . The team allowed 39.7 points in the paint on average , which ranked fourth league-wide .
What Needs Improvement
The biggest key for Indiana is somehow finding a way to replace a portion of George 's production . George had the highest usage rate on the team last season at 28.9 % as a primary scoring option . As a result , they unsurprisingly finished with the highest points per game ( 23.7 ) , VORP ( 3.2 ) and BPM ( 2.8 ) on the Pacers . Those statistics show how valuable the all-star small forward was to their team in comparison to a league-average player .
With the current makeup of the Pacers ' roster , ways of replacing George 's level of production remain unclear . Victor Oladipo and Darren Collison are two of the new additions that have to consistently produce at a high level to try and help the team stay afloat .
It gets worse for the Pacers , though . Jeff Teague joined George on the lengthy list of big names to leave town . Teague led Indiana with 7.8 assists per game and finished with a team-high 8.1 win shares . Couple Teague 's departure with Miles heading to Toronto , and the future sure looks bleak for Indiana 's offence .
The rapid development of Myles Turner is almost a necessity at this point . The 21-year-old centre still has their best years ahead of them and figures to be the focal point of the Pacers ' offensive attack for the foreseeable future . Becoming more comfortable from behind the three-point arc is paramount for Turner , especially if they want to dominate against less agile centres going forward . One thing 's for sure : the big man 's opportunity to grow as both a player and leader is there for the taking this season .
Off-Season Changes
As mentioned , the Pacers lost more talent than they gained this offseason , with George , Teague , Miles all leaving via trade or free agency . Rodney Stuckey , Lavoy Allen , and Aaron Brooks are all still free agents , while Kevin Seraphin left the NBA to play in Europe .
The Pacers received Oladipo and Domantas Sabonis as part of the George trade , then signed Bojan Bogdanovic to try and shore up their loss of long-range shooting . Collison also signed in free agency , while Cory Joseph was acquired in a trade with Toronto .
The team selected power forward T.J . Leaf with the 18th overall pick , then picked centre Ike Anigbogu in the second round .
2017-18 Predictions
The Pacers should finish amongst the Eastern Conference bottom feeders this season due to a lack of talent and offensive scoring options amid the departure of George and Teague . According to RPM ( real plus-minus ) projections , the Pacers are projected to finish with the 27th ranked per-possession offence .
Simply put , this team just lost a ton of offence . Acquiring Bogdanovic and Oladipo helps , but losing George , Miles and Teague is too big a pill to swallow .
Look for Indiana to finish with somewhere between 29-33 wins in 2017-18 .
Main Photo
Embed from Getty Images
( CNN ) At first glance it looks like the set of a James Bond movie -- a seemingly impregnable mountain base packed full of uniformed men and sinister-looking missiles on their launch vehicles parked along a long tunnel buried deep underground .
But this is in fact a real-life missile facility in Iran , according to the country 's semi-official FARS news agency
In a rare moment of openness , Iran on Wednesday broadcast pictures from The Islamic Revolution Guards Corps ( IRGC ) Aerospace Force of a tunnel reportedly dug some 1,640 feet ( 500 meters ) under a mountain .
The release of this footage comes just a few days after state media reported that Iran had test-fired new generation long-range ballistic missiles .
The weekend test likely violated a U.N. resolution , a U.S. administration official told CNN .
Based on information the administration has so far , the test appears to be in violation of U.N. Security Council Resolution 1929 , which stipulates that Iran can not engage in any activities related to ballistic missiles .
The U.S. official emphasized , however , that the test is not in violation of the nuclear agreement reached in July between Iran , the United States and five other world powers because that accord is focused on restricting Iran 's path to a nuclear weapon .
A newer U.N. Security Council resolution , number 2231 , implementing the deal and banning Iran from engaging in activities related to ballistic missiles designed to carry nuclear warheads is not yet in effect .
U.S. bases 'within range '
Iran is completely overhauling its missile technology , replacing the current stockpile with newer weapons , a senior general told state media .
`` As of next year , a new and advanced generation of long-range liquid and solid fuel missiles will replace the current products , '' said Brigadier General Amir Ali Hajizadeh .
`` The missiles in various ranges are mounted on the launchers in all bases and ( are ) ready to be launched . ''
The underground facility shown on television was only one of `` numerous missile bases '' scattered across the country , according to Hajizadeh .
Earlier this month in a speech at a university in Tehran , Hajizadeh said that all U.S. military bases in the Middle East were within range of Iranian missiles .
The revealing of the underground bases comes in the wake of a major deal reached by Iran and the so-called P5+1 group of nations -- the U.S. , U.K. , Russia , China , France and Germany -- over its nuclear program .
Under the deal , international sanctions on Iran will be lifted in return for restrictions on its nuclear program aimed at preventing it from being able to develop an atomic bomb .
ENGINES on airliners are highly efficient when they are in flight , but not when operating on the ground . When a plane is taxiing under its own power , the engines burn vast amounts of fuel . A Boeing 747 can consume a tonne of fuel and emit several tonnes of carbon dioxide during an average 17-minute taxi to take-off . And when the aircraft lands there is likely to be another long drive to the passenger gate . Which is why there are various methods being developed for aircraft to use other means of propulsion while moving around an airport .
Towing aircraft with a tug , similar to how they are pushed back from the gate , is one way . But constantly pulling on the front landing gear can lead to mechanical problems . Many pilots would also prefer to be in control of the driving once their aircraft is on the taxiway .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
One method that addresses both concerns is a semi-robotic tug called TaxiBot , developed by Israel Aerospace Industries ( IAI ) . Instead of using a tow bar attached to the aircraft 's nose wheel , TaxiBot employs a mechanism which automatically scoops the wheel up into a rotating turret .
The TaxiBot also avoids having any complicated links to connect to the cockpit , yet still gives the pilots driving control . It does this by accelerating to the speed set for the taxiway , using its inbuilt GPS map system . The pilots then use their usual controls to steer with the nose wheel ( which in turn steers the TaxiBot ) and to brake with the main landing gear . A safety driver remains in the TaxiBot , and they also drive the vehicle to and from the aircraft .
With the high price of aviation fuel—a tonne can cost more than $ 1,000—the savings at a busy airport could be large . At some airports the passenger gates can be several miles from the runway . All told , the world 's airlines spend $ 7 billion-8 billion a year taxiing between passenger gates and the runway , says Yehoshua Eldar , who is in charge of business development at IAI . The TaxiBot , though , uses just 20-30 litres of fuel for a typical trip . It also reduces the risk of debris being ingested by the engines and causing damage . Germany 's Lufthansa will trial the system at Frankfurt Airport from May 2013 .
In the future some airliners may be driven to and from the runway with electric power . The German Aerospace Centre has tested this idea in an aircraft using a fuel cell to power two electric motors built into the hub of an aircraft nose wheel . The centre reckons that up to 19 % of current airport emissions could be saved using such a system . And it would also please the neighbours : there would be hardly any noise during taxiing .
In grappling with the threat of doomsday rocks from outer space , Hollywood has always been far ahead of the federal government , cranking out thrillers full of swashbuckling heroes , rockets and nuclear blasts that save the planet .
Now Washington is catching up .
On Wednesday , the nation 's agencies that build civilian rockets and nuclear arms sealed an agreement to start working together on planetary defense . The goal is to learn how to better deflect comets and asteroids that might endanger cities and , in the case of very large intruders , the planet as a whole .
“ Often , these agencies focus on their own pieces of the puzzle , so anything that brings them together is a good thing , ” said Bruce Betts , director of science and technology at the Planetary Society , a nonprofit group that promotes space exploration .
Comets and asteroids are part of the cosmic rubble left over from the birth of the solar system . Comets , made of dirty ice , visit Earth 's neighborhood only when knocked loose from their home orbits beyond Pluto . That makes their movement somewhat unpredictable . Asteroids , made of rock , fly mostly in a belt between Mars and Jupiter . Their orbits can be calculated with great precision if astronomers can spot the dim objects .
A new technique for finding wet exoplanets got a field test when astronomers pretended to be aliens .
`` If you were on another planet , you 'd look at Earth and say , 'That looks like the most interesting planet around that star , ' '' said Nicolas Cowan , a grad student at the University of Washington and lead author of the study . `` Any critter with half a brain can look at Earth and say , 'That 's the one that looks different . ' The question is how to quantify what it is that makes it look interesting . ''
Astronomers used a telescope aboard the Deep Impact spacecraft — which crashed a probe into a comet in 2005 and is on its way to another — to stare at Earth for two separate 24-hour periods . They tracked the changes in light and color that crossed the Earth 's surface as it rotated , and connected them back to continents and oceans . The results will be published in the August issue of Astrophysical Journal .
Though the spacecraft was only 30 million miles away from Earth , light years closer than the nearest extrasolar planet , it was far enough to blur out the distinctive features of the Earth 's surface .
`` It 's like watching a movie if you had really poor eyesight , '' said co-author Eric Agol of the University of Washington . `` You 'll see the screen getting lighter and darker , you might see different colors , but it would n't give you very much information about what 's going on on the screen . ''
Once the team had data on the color variations of the blurry dot 's surface , they used a mathematical analysis to pick out which colors were the most important .
`` The technique is largely used for pattern recognition , '' Cowan said . `` It 's trying to fake human intuition for a computer . ''
They found that some areas of the Earth are reflective at long , or red , wavelengths , and others are reflective at short , or blue , wavelengths . When Cowan and their colleagues mapped the red and blue zones and compared them to a map of the Earth , the red areas corresponded to continents and the blue ones lined up with oceans .
The same technique could pick out oceans and continents on other blurry dots orbiting other stars .
`` We 'd like to be able to tell when we 're looking at an extrasolar system , are we looking at something potentially habitable and even more interestingly , something inhabited , '' said co-author Timothy Livengood of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center . `` So we look back at our one example , ourselves , to see if our models are any good . ''
`` If you wanted to do that by hand it would 've been cheating , because we know that Earth has oceans , '' Cowan said . `` We were trying to see if the data could support that without imposing our own ideas about what the Earth actually looks like . ''
The technique has a number of limitations . Because it averages colors over a north-south slice of the planet as it rotates , it can only detect changes from east to west . This is great for telling Africa from the Atlantic , but would miss things like lakes at the poles or planets made entirely of oceans . Earth is the only planet we know of with distinct oceans and continents , and we do n't fully understand their origins . Extrasolar planets may have to be remarkably Earth-like for this method to find them .
`` People run into this problem a lot in astrobiology , '' Cowan said . `` We 're looking for a planet that has life on it , and because Earth is the only one we know of , we end up looking for planets just like Earth . That 's probably a little narrow-minded . We 're being conservative , saying 'Let 's start with the one example that we know . ' ''
Still , the technique is a much quicker way to get a broad idea of what a planet looks like than other standard methods . Taking a full spectrum of the planet and looking for `` fingerprints '' of individual molecules can take months . This method takes one of the target planet 's days . Livengood said the technique could be used to quickly pick out planets to observe in greater detail , making missions more efficient .
`` If we can minimize the amount of time spent observing , we 've just made it a much more practical mission , '' they said .
Knowing the technique works could help shape the next generation of telescopes , and perhaps even speed up the search for other Earths .
`` People assumed that the cool science was only going to happen when we had really enormous spectrographs up in space to image the atmospheres , '' Cowan said . `` Turns out we can leapfrog that . ''
`` It 's very interesting and promising , but it 's a step in a very complex and challenging goal , '' said astronomer Eric Ford at the University of Florida . `` It 's another step along the way to figure out how we 'll be able to study these planets and what we 'll be able to learn and what types of observations we need to make to learn it . I 'm sure it will motivate further work . ''
Images : NASA , Nicolas B. Cowan , and The EPOXI Team
See Also :
Note to johns : If prostitution had a customer service line , it probably would n't be the police .
But that did n't stop a man in West Midlands , England , from calling Britain 's version of 911 on Tuesday to allegedly complain about a hooker who did n't look as advertised .
An aghast Solihull station cop took to Twitter during the incident :
Unbelievable… man just reported a ‘ lady of the night ' for breaching Sale of Goods Act with their looks . Sergeant reshaping the man 's attitude . — Solihull Police ( @ SolihullPolice ) June 11 , 2013
A partial audio of the 999 exchange , published by the Express and Star , reveals the man griping to the emergency operator that the woman `` misdescribed themselves and misrepresented themselves totally . ... Basically they were ugly . ''
The BBC reported that officials sent the man a letter of warning about `` wasting police time . '' An officer also called to remind them that soliciting was illegal , as the man continued to insist that the woman be arrested for misrepresentation .
Incidentally , the outlet pointed out , the Sale of Goods Act was established to ensure consumers that goods were of `` satisfactory quality '' and `` match the seller 's description . ''
According to the Express and Star , the man voiced their disapproval when they met the woman in a prearranged date in front of a hotel , prompting them to take their car keys and throw them at him .
The nail did injure them but missed their penis arteries and so there was n't any major damage done . ( Photo : Pixabay-picture for representation purpose only )
Workers are always told to follow safety instructions when they are around heavy-duty equipment so that they do not get injured while working . While there are many accidents that take place , a Swansea worker was involved in a bizarre incident where they misfired a nail into their crotch leading to a painful accident .
According to a report in the Daily Mail , a 22-year-old was working at a construction site in Swansea just like any other day before they actually fired a one-and-half-inch nail into their crotch . Luckily , it did miss their penis but left them with a painful injury . The worker was using a hand nail gun when they accidentally fired it towards their crotch . The man did not want to be named , however the owner of the building firm , Mathew Meagher , 30 , said the construction work ‘ was n't fazed ' as they stood with the heavy-duty nail stuck in their crotch .
The youth was immediately taken to the hospital to be treated for the injury . The construction worker is now safe and in good health without much damage to their penis .
For the past few weeks , I 've been touring around doing stand-up comedy , opening for a band called KEN Mode , and we recently found ourselves in Boston with nothing to do . It was a Monday , and some guy invited us to their barbecue-kegger . We arrived , I got wasted quickly , and halfway into my second ball of bacon wrapped chicken , a man named Dan—who 's been traveling with a death-metal band called Flying Snakes—approached me . In a southern drawl , they asked : `` Hey , y'all wan na see a video 'bout buttwater ? '' I obviously said , “ yes ” and when I saw it I almost dickwatered my own pants from laughing so hard . Buttwater is a legendary party trick—with an anal waterfall punchline—and it was born in Orlando , Florida .
While this footage was unfortunately shot on an ancient cell phone , the beauty of buttwater is that it does n't require glorious 1080p video to get the message across . Water coming out of a butt is funny at even the lowest resolution . But this blurry video of a grown man expelling water from their poop chute did not completely satisfy my curiosity . Who is this guy ? Where did buttwater originate ? What 's up with the mask ? In order to learn more , I asked Dan to get me in touch with the buttwaterer himself : a man named Vulture . Here 's how my conversation went .
VICE : How did you get the nickname `` Vulture ? ”
Vulture : When I was about 16 years old , after punk shows we would go out to a diner or something like that , and I would n't order food because I knew there would be leftovers . I 'd pick at everyone else 's food or pick food off of another table . My philosophy was : I had money , I had a job , but the less money I spent on food , I could buy more punk rock t-shirts and see more punk rock shows . Then one night my friend 's girlfriend was like , `` This guy is like a fucking vulture . He 's eating off every table in here . ''
So do you have a lot of sweet punk t-shirts now ?
Uh yeah , well , I do n't fit into them anymore . I got a little bit fat as I got older so I decided to sell most of them .
Life goes on . When did you figure out you have a gift for shooting water out of your butt ?
I remember hanging out at someone 's house late one night . We were swimming and our friend , who was a couple years older , was talking about [ the technique that would later become buttwater ] and saying how it was possible . I was like , bullshit . I just did n't believe it . So they told me how to do it . I thought , I do n't know , whatever , we were probably drinking , so I gave it a whirl .
You just have to have the , “ I do n't care , I 'm not embarrassed , whatever ” attitude . So I went ahead and did it . Everybody cracked up . I get the same reaction every time .
Is n't there a risk your colon could blow up from the water pressure ?
Uh yeah , probably . That 's what my friend 's mom told us one time . But I was also young and stupid , and it 's not like , `` Dude that 's fucked up . You put a hose in your ass ? '' No it 's just like , you get a little pressure coming out of the house , and you put it up close [ to your butthole ] and the water goes in . It 's not like I was putting a gallon up there . There are probably some risks , but I was n't thinking about those at the time . I was thinking about the entertainment value .
The infamous buttwater wolf mask .
You 're a born entertainer . Did the legend of buttwater travel outside of your friend group ?
It started off with just our friends , and then it turned into doing it for 15-20 people . Then I would stay with my buddy at their house and they would have touring bands come through and I would do it for them .
Our other buddy lives in the Orlando area , so I 'd go over there and he 'd have some pretty big parties at their college complex with like 70 or 80 people . He 'd give me a bottle of whiskey to start off the night , knowing he 'd get me to buttwater by the end .
So there was this car wash area in the complex and one night we all went down and I was [ buttwatering ] with the car wash hose . Then the cops came , so I decided to run back to the apartment . A cop grabbed me while I was butt-ass naked . They said , `` Where are you going ? ''
I said , `` Back to my friend 's apartment . ”
They go , `` Where are your clothes ? ''
I pointed at my buddy and said , `` He 's got 'em . ''
My buddy dipped behind a car and the cop goes , `` Okay , get out of here ! ''
Then they gave my buddy a ticket for letting people run around the complex naked . Meanwhile I got to go .
From there , it turned into quite the spectacle at college parties . So much so , we were driving from a show one night and we pulled up to a light . The window was down and I drunkenly ask these guys : `` Hey , where are you guys going ? ”
They said : `` We 're looking for a party , some dude named Buttwater is going to be there . '' Buttwater had [ become a staple ] at parties in Orlando .
People would come from miles around just to see Buttwater ?
Yeah , people from shows would be told that , “ if you come to this party , Buttwater will happen , ” but when you explain it to people they do n't get it at first . Then when they see it they are like , `` Oh god ! That 's so fucked up . ''
It is pretty fucked up , in a fun way . What 's the story behind the video I saw ?
When that video was shot , I had n't buttwatered for years and years and years . It was at a BBQ at the house of my college buddy and they were trying to relive the memory of 15 years ago . He 's like , `` Dude , you got to do it . '' I said , `` No . ''
They kept pestering and pestering me , so it 's easier for me just to do it . So that 's why on the third time I buttwatered on him .
You got him !
Yeah , they were rolling around and they kept saying , `` It was worth it ! It was worth it ! ''
Do you always fill up your butt with a garden hose ?
Yeah it was always a garden hose . We always joked about doing it live on stage , because we played in a band called `` Soap in the Pee Hole. ” All the lyrics were like , `` I 've got soap in the pee hole . It burns ! '' We would joke about using a turkey baster and buttwatering the crowd , but that was obviously something that would never happen .
Who are buttwater 's fans ?
It 's surprising how diverse crowds all are amused by it . I have this one buddy who is an attorney now , with a wife and two kids , and they had me do it for all of their lawyer friends . They 'd typically be uptight people , or a little more serious and be like , `` What the fuck is this ? '' But they thought it was the best shit they 've ever seen . Probably because their lives are boring and they do n't get to see [ things like buttwater ] . Also , this girl had me do it for their parents , because it 's their dad 's favourite video , and they show it to all their friends while they drink scotch and smoke cigars .
Do you think you can make money from buttwater ?
I have no interest in doing that , plus I think plenty of people know how to it . I was never the one saying , “ Let 's do this. ” It was always my friends .
Has buttwater ever gotten you laid ?
Uh , no .
Ok. Lastly , why the wolf mask ?
I got it from my friend 's band , `` Wolf Face , '' and due to the fact every time I do it my buddies always film it . I tell them not to . No cameras . So one night my friend said , `` Dude , if you 're worried about that , put on a mask . '' I did n't want my face [ connected to buttwater ] . I 'm 31 years old now . It was for security purposes . I 'm a commercial printer now .
Your secret is safe with me , Vulture .
More about butts :
Butt Sniffing and Weed
Assplasty : Dr. Mendieta 's Perfect Booties
Things I Learned from Butt Chugging
Now playing : Watch this : Samsung 's 'Bixby ' assistant may have its own button on ...
Samsung plans to launch an artificial intelligence digital assistant with its upcoming Galaxy S8 phone , the company said Sunday according to Reuters .
The announcement comes a month after Samsung revealed it had agreed to acquire the artificial intelligence startup behind Viv -- a voice assistant that aims to handle everyday tasks for you all on its own . Samsung plans to incorporate the platform into its line of Galaxy phones , as well as home appliances and wearable devices , Reuters reported .
Artificial intelligence , a term used for the ability of a machine , computer or system to exhibit humanlike intelligence , is widely expected to represent the next frontier of computing . With that in mind , AI-powered voice assistants have suddenly become all the rage , offering a hands-free and more natural way to ask questions , find information and manage busy lives .
Samsung is hoping the digital assistant will help it rebound from the public relations and business nightmare created by the recalls and cancellation of the overheating Galaxy Note 7 . Last month , Samsung 's mobile division , the division responsible for the Note 7 , reported a decline in operating profit of about 96 percent -- its lowest in nearly eight years .
Samsung did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
CHICAGO , IL - APRIL 27 : Jonathan Toews # 19 of the Chicago Blackhawks congratulates teammates after a win over the St. Louis Blues in Game Six of the First Round of the 2014 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs at the United Center on April 27 , 2014 in Chicago , Illinois . The Blackhawks defeated the Blues 5-1 to win the series four games to two . ( Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images ) Jonathan Toews , right . ( Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images )
( CBS ) What 's it mean to captain a hockey team ?
It means displaying selflessness , which for Blackhawks leader Jonathan Toews meant giving up the recognition of being a captain on the sport 's biggest prize , if need be .
After Chicago beat Boston to win the Stanley Cup Final last summer , Toews told team executives that in order to make room to engrave teammate Jamal Mayers ' name on the Stanley Cup , they could omit the “ Capt. ” in front of their name if need be , according to a Sports Illustrated feature . It 's customary for team captains to receive that designation on the Cup , but Toews wanted to ensure that Mayers , a 14-year NHL veteran who was a respected presence in the locker room , would have their name on the crown jewel despite theirs not playing in half the team 's regular-season games — the traditional threshold for getting your name engraved . If that space was short , Toews would n't need their so much space dedicated to himself .
“ Jonathan 's the ultimate team guy , ” Blackhawks general manager Stan Bowman told SI . “ And it 's a constant theme for him . It 's all about the team . He 's not bigger than anybody . ”
What 's New for Developers in IE11 ? Andy Patrizio
The first big update to Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser in three years will feature a number of advanced security features – and a whole lot more .
With Windows Blue , a.k.a . Windows 8.1 , Microsoft will issue the first new version of its standard Web browser in three years . Contrast that with the constant upgrades coming from the Mozilla Foundation and Google . However , in Microsoft 's case , the company is introducing a whole lot of new browser features at once that rely on changes made to the underlying operating system .
IE11 is available in developer preview for both Windows 7 and 8 . But many new features are disabled in Windows 7 because they are touch-based and only work on Windows 8 .
In this article , I break down what 's new and significant in this big browser update , which has gone three years without significant overhaul .
New F12 Tools
Microsoft is revising its F12 Developer tools for building and debugging Web pages and applications using JavaScript . You view the final page in the browser but the tools provide a view of how those pages are interpreted on a code level by IE . F12 tools also help identify and report about elements on the page such as links and image reports .
Page code is displayed the way the IE Document Object Model ( DOM ) interprets the page and is not the original source code . This change shows the impact of dynamic objects , such as memory leaks , or you can just use it to fine-tune a CSS layout .
The F12 tools are completely rebuilt in IE11 Preview with a new UI and new functionality to make development and debugging faster and easier , Microsoft promises . There are eight distinct tools in the toolkit , each with their own tab in the F12 tools interface :
The DOM Explorer tool
The Console tool
The Debugger tool
The Network tool
The UI Responsiveness tool
The Profiler tool
The Memory tool
The Emulation tool
The Responsiveness , Memory , and Emulation tools are completely new . They all sport a Windows 8 minimalist interface and are fully integrated with each other . ( Microsoft offers an in-depth look at the F12 tools , if you want to know more . )
WebGL and Hardware 3D Support
Two years ago , Microsoft Security Research and Defense posted a blog entry claiming that WebGL was not secure . For two years , Microsoft has been the lone browser maker to not support WebGL , but now that the company is satisfied with the security measures around the library , it 's adopting it .
WebGL is a technology that allows websites to use a computer 's graphic processing unit ( GPU ) via JavaScript by using an API ( OpenGL ) that developers know . Epic Megagames , maker of the game Unreal and its 3D engine with the same name , ported the Unreal Engine 3 to Chrome and Firefox running in JavaScript in four days , and they have a snazzy video to show for it .
Microsoft states that the WebGL renderer in IE11 Preview is an early preview version ; however , objects , methods , and properties are mostly defined already . Some features , such as antialiasing , are not yet supported .
There are other video improvements as well . Internet Explorer supports the HTML Full Screen API to give a quality full screen video playback , TTML , and SPD standards for closed captioning . With WebCrypto support in IE11 , websites can directly control how critical data is encrypted and exchanged . IE can now download video data without caching to disk , resulting in extended battery life when you watch your favorite video .
On Windows 8.1 , IE11 supports the latest HTML5 video media streaming standards , including Dynamic TextTracks , Fullscreen API , Simple Delivery Profile , Streaming XHR cache control , and Media Source Extensions ( MSE ) and Encrypted Media Extensions ( EME ) . With MSE , IE automatically switches the bitrate of the video based on current network conditions while EME provides a standard interface for playing protected media content .
In addition to improving on HTML5 support , the Charkra JavaScript engine is getting a performance tune-up . IE11 includes support for the well-defined and commonly used features of the emerging ECMAScript 6 standard like let , const , Map , Set , and WeakMap , as well as __proto__ for improved interoperability . IE11 also supports the ECMAScript Internationalization API ( version 1.0 ) for handling international date and time formatting .
Faster HTTP transport
The Hypertext Transfer Protocol has been languishing for years even as our Web use has become more complex . Version 1.0 came out in 1990 , when Tim Berners-Lee first introduced the World Wide Web and it got its first major revision in 1999 with v1.1 . Since then , it 's been quiet , even as we have moved on to things like media streaming , secure connections , and on-demand services that require the browser .
To give the IETF a kick in the rear end , Google released a protocol called SPDY ( not an acronym ) that has become the basis of HTTP 2.0 . SPDY support is already native in Chrome and Firefox , and Microsoft says it will add it to IE11 .
In addition , Microsoft made its own contribution to next-generation HTTP in 2012 with Microsoft Speed+Mobility , or Microsoft SM , which modifies the way HTTP requests are sent over the wire to reduce page load times . Like SPDY , it was designed to be a part of HTTP 2.0 , not compete with it .
Microsoft has since released the Katana server supporting HTTP 2.0 so developers can begin the process of learning the new protocol and testing applications . Visual Studio templates and other developer tools for building applications have been posted to CodePlex . Katana support will be native to Visual Studio 2013 .
In addition to HTTP support , Katana will be Microsoft 's implementation of its Open Web Interface for .NET ( OWIN ) , which will allow ASP.NET apps to talk to the Web and Web applications , including non-ASP.NET apps .
The combination of SPDY , WebGL , and improved HTML5 and CSS3 support can create much faster and more powerful applications deliverable over the wire . The IE browser will deliver a 3D experience previously only possible through a videogame installed on the PC .
Improved Touch
People may have the Modern UI but Microsoft is n't backing down on this one . The company is further touch-enabling IE11 with Windows 8.1 while tweaking 8.1 's own touch support . IE11 is especially optimized for touch-enabled displays with live tiles , like the UI or in Windows Phone 8 .
Users can pin websites and receive live updates or make a tile that serves as a RSS feed . Frequently visited and the Favorites list will also be showcased as tiles . Each site will have a photo cover that users can customize . Microsoft is also expected to add cross-device syncing ( something Chrome has already ) , which syncs a user 's open tabs , browser history , favorite sites , and settings to the user 's Microsoft account and other Microsoft devices .
Since the menu bars of apps are made with the mouse in mind , IE11 introduces support for simulated hover with touch . Tap once to click and then hover to hold . In addition , a new context menu command bar now appears at the bottom of the screen when you press and hold on a link . By placing it at the bottom it wo n't interfere with the site 's hover menu if there is one .
Link highlighting on IE11 is similar to Windows Phone 8 with CSS transforms . When you highlight a link , it 's actually highlighted , and it changes to a shade of gray so you know you 've selected the right element .
In the new IE 11 , developers will be able to programmatically trigger pan and zoom through the new msZoomTo ( ) API , which scrolls or zooms into and out of an area with animation . HTML 5 Drag and Drop , first introduced in IE10 using the mouse , is now touch-enabled . Developers can test it out using the Refrigerator demo from IE10 .
IE11 adds back-and-forward navigation using swipe gestures across the screen , something people really wanted in IE10 . IE11 suspends and caches the previous page to memory when navigating between pages . When you swipe back to the previous page , the page resumes from memory . Microsoft is promising an update on how the new page caching works and how sites can be optimized for this experience using HTML5 APIs . The finished version of the browser will come with support unprefixed Pointer Events .
What 's Missing ? Proprietary stuff
Microsoft has not just added features to Internet Explorer ; it removed a few as well . One of the most glaring is that all existing isIE ( ) code branches , whether in JavaScript or on the server , will return false for Internet Explorer 11 . This could be seen as a demonstration that IE 11 supports Web standards so thoroughly that existing IE-specific behavior is no longer needed .
The `` MSIE '' token , which has been part of the Internet Explorer user-agent from the beginning , has been removed . In its place is `` like Gecko , '' something Safari does . Gecko is the engine in Firefox , so IE 11 is identifying itself in the user-agent as a Gecko-type browser . So here is what the user-agent string now looks like :
Mozilla/5.0 ( Windows NT 6.3 ; Trident/7.0 ; rv:11.0 ) like Gecko
The `` compatible '' and `` MSIE '' tokens have been removed , `` like Gecko '' has been added for consistency with other browsers , and the version of the browser is now reported by a new revision ( `` rv '' ) token .
Also saying bye-bye , sort of , is `` document.all , '' which has been around since IE4 . document.all was the IE way of getting an element reference . document.all is now flagged as a falsy . Instead , Microsoft will use document.getElementById ( ) . This also means any code branches based on the presence of document.all will fail under Internet Explorer 11 .
Microsoft also removed a bunch of other IE-specific handlers :
attachEvent ( ) / detachEvent ( )
/ window.execScript ( )
window.doScroll ( )
document.fileSize , img.fileSize
script.onreadystatechange
script.readyState
document.selection
document.createStyleSheet
style.styleSheet
window.createPopup
They all have Web standards-based equivalents , which Microsoft encourages you to use instead .
Conclusion
Microsoft is not backing down from touch and is going full steam , adding where it is lacking . At the same time , it is removing all those proprietary features that broke HTML code on other browsers , which is a big plus . Microsoft has not said when IE11 will ship , but it should come with Windows 8.1 later this year .
The Web browser will also be ported to Windows 7 , minus all of the touch features , which will be a plus for IE users to have a more standards-adherent browser and not need to use Chrome or Firefox if they do n't want to .
See also :
[ dfads params='groups=932 & limit=1 & orderby=random ' ]
[ dfads params='groups=937 & limit=1 & orderby=random ' ]
WASHINGTON , Aug. 19 ( UPI ) -- Russia declined to confirm or deny a media report that one of its submarines spent a month in the Gulf of Mexico without the knowledge of the United States .
The RIA Novosti news agency said the Defense Ministry brushed off inquiries about the report , which appeared on a U.S . Web site last week , and said questions should be submitted in writing .
The Kremlin 's reaction came after U.S. officials denied outright the report that Akula-class sub sailed undetected around the Gulf in June and July . The report was posted by a conservative Web site , The Washington Free Beacon .
Military experts in Russia and Europe told the Moscow Times they doubted the sub could have spent so much time under the nose of the U.S. Navy because the Akula is not a particularly quiet piece of machinery . `` They are unable to sit silently because their reactor can not be turned off , '' said Christian Le Miere , a naval analyst at the International Institute for Strategic Studies . `` A submarine of nearly 10,000 tons can not easily enter coastal waters . ''
RELATED Russian skipper says sub could stop leak
The Beacon stood by its report and dismissed contentions the story was designed to discredit President Obama 's re-election campaign .
The report caught the attention of a U.S. senator , who called on the Navy to provide details of the supposed incursion and warned of what appeared to be a more aggressive military policy on the part of the Russians .
Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , on Sunday sent the letter to Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Jonathan Greenert requesting more information on the purported incident .
RELATED Canadian plane dogs Russian submarines
`` This submarine activity reportedly occurred in June and July , simultaneously with incursions by Russian strategic bombers into restricted U.S. airspace , '' Cornyn wrote .
`` The submarine patrol , taken together with the air incursions , seems to represent a more aggressive and destabilizing Russian military stance that could pose risks to our national security , '' Cornyn said .
Growing up Mormon in Yakima , Washington , I was told to save sex for marriage . Teachers in the Church would chew gum and say , `` Would you want this now that I 've used it ? That 's like a girl who does n't preserve their chastity . '' It was hard to hear because I 'm a sexual person . My mom found my vibrator when I was 15 . I had to talk to a bishop about it because Mormons are n't supposed to masturbate .
Around the same time , a guy in their 20s , who had just come home from their Mormon mission , sexually assaulted me . I 'd never kissed a boy . It was scary . I told my parents and our bishop , and I was banned from church for a month . I was punished because a man had touched me .
Keli Byers Courtesy Keli Byers
When I came to BYU last year , I signed its honor code and promised to live a `` chaste life '' — students who do n't could get expelled . But my attitude changed after I joined the Young Mormon Feminists , a group that 's not endorsed by the Church or BYU . We talk about how the Church does n't see women as equal to men and how BYU is slut-shaming . The school 's honor code forces women to dress modestly — no skirts above the knee — supposedly to help men control their thoughts . The group helped me reclaim my sexuality and realize my sexual assault was n't my fault . I 'm now in a questioning phase with the Church . I still think the idea of committing to someone for eternity is beautiful , but the Church could use improvement in the way it treats women .
I think the majority of students at BYU do live chastely — the consensus is you should n't do more than make out . But if you want sex , or a hookup , at BYU , you can find it . I have met guys on Tinder ( Yes , we use Tinder ! ) , and since we ca n't have men in our dorms , we 'd drive to Squaw Peak , a makeout spot , and do everything but . I would definitely be considered a slut by Mormon standards .
The truth is , I 'm not a virgin . I 'm a sexual woman and a proud feminist , and I do n't feel bad about it . But it 's hard to admit that , because women at BYU who are n't virgins are treated as inferiors and that 's not fair .
Talking about this could get me in trouble , but I want to start a discussion about changing an honor code that hurts women . BYU needs to know that it 's OK for women to be sexual , and it 's not OK to punish them for it . I care enough about this school to want to push for change . I 'd rather be judged and scrutinized than silenced and shamed .
Keli Byers is a sophomore at BYU .
This article was originally published as `` I 'm Fighting My School 's Ban on Sex '' in the September 2014 issue of Cosmopolitan . Click here to subscribe to the digital edition !
The Washington Post has an article this morning on the 312 nights Sarah Palin spent in their own home — and still charged the state for 312 days of `` per diem '' allowance ( which is supposed to cover expenses while traveling ) .
The media narrative is that Palin cut back wasteful government spending in Alaska and took on their own party to do so . But that becomes less compelling when you factor in that they paid themselves $ 16,951 to live at home . And it 's not like they can toss their hair and say that `` this is just the way things are done in Alaska '' :
In 1988 , the head of the state Commerce Department was pilloried for collecting a per diem charge of $ 50 while staying in their Anchorage home , according to local news accounts . The commissioner , the late Tony Smith , resigned amid a series of controversies . `` It was quite the little scandal , '' said Tony Knowles , the Democratic governor from 1994 to 2000 . `` I gave a direction to all my commissioners if they were ever in their house , whether it was Juneau or elsewhere , they were not to get a per diem because , clearly , it is and it looks like a scam — you pay yourself to live at home , '' they said .
Palin and their husband both make six-figure incomes . They do n't need to be chiseling the state for this money to live , and they sure are n't entitled to be running on fiscal responsibility when she 's pocketing cash in a way that has a history of being regarded in Alaska as a `` scam . ''
MINNEAPOLIS - When you 're really hungry it can be hard to think about ANYTHING else .
A Minnesota motorist is a case in point . The gentleman was driving on I-35W near County Road E2 , just after 5:15 p.m. July 2 when their vehicle stalled out , blocking a lane of traffic on the interstate . A Minnesota State Trooper arrived on the scene to assist , and pushed the non-running car off the freeway and into a parking lot with their squad car .
When they ran the driver 's information , the trooper discovered they were operating on a suspended license . As they wrote up a citation , a Jimmy John 's driver pulled up in the parking lot . When the trooper asked what they needed , the delivery guy told them someone at this address ( the parking lot ) ordered a sandwich .
At that moment the stalled motorist stuck their head out the window and said , `` That was me . '' Turns out the dude was too hungry to think about anything else , including an expensive ticket , and rang up the local Jimmy John 's for a sandwich .
As the State Patrol said on its Facebook page , `` Jimmy John 's really is freaky fast . But we do n't suggest eating and driving . ''
Laura
Otto Preminger 's dreamy noir that drags up deeper issues
Max Fedyk Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 23 , 2017
NOTE — The late , great Roger Ebert said it best : “ Film noir is known for its convoluted plots and arbitrary twists , but even in a genre that gave us “ The Maltese Falcon , ” this takes some kind of prize. ” This review hopes to divulge and unpack those convolutions and twists , and therefore : SPOILER WARNING .
As crime writer James Ellroy wrote in their memoir , My Dark Places , “ Dead white women always stirred things up. ” This much is certainly true . Are there many images more powerful , more symbolic , more captivating than that of a dead woman ? Think of the way the drained and mutilated body of 22-year-old Elizabeth Short — more commonly known as The Black Dahlia — captured the morbid imagination of America . Not only did the horrifying image of a disfigured young woman precede the mysterious narrative behind it : the image was the narrative . The scars told the story . Not only that , but the story tapped into something within society , displaying it at is most morbid . It proved , once again , that we are all voyeurs — images and narratives of sex and death fascinate us — and it is this dark societal unconsciousness that the noir genre , and its literary predecessor the hardboiled crime novel , has always hoped to tap into . These sprawling , webbed narratives are just as interested in depictions of humankind 's propensity for darkness as they are in the act of looking at such acts .
Though a writer like Ellroy used the tragic image of a beautiful and well-acquainted aspiring young woman as a way to descend into a perverse fantasy of murder with all its gothic trimmings— arguably to an outrageous and misogynistic fault — Otto Preminger , the director of 1944 's steamy noir classic Laura , uses it instead as a jumping-off-point to explore more interesting issues surrounding the death of the eponymous young woman . This is Preminger 's greatest trick . They invite us into the wickedly mysterious homicide case of Laura Hunt but instead places us within the subjectivity of the film 's cast of characters , through which we not only learn the tragic story of the woman at the story 's heart , but also those that extended their tendrils into their life . In this sense , it is the ultimate act of voyeurism . We are allowed complete privilege of the investigative eye .
At the cynical heart of Laura is of course that murder — a murder investigated by Manhattan detective Mark McPherson ( Dana Andrews ) , in which they meet Laura 's arrogant best friend , fork-tongued gossip columnist Waldo Lydecker ( Clifton Webb ) and their creamy drip of a fiancé , Shelby Carpenter ( Vincent Price ) , who both make up the fabric of obsession that the detective soon finds themselves enveloped by , falling in love with the dead woman — but this elegantly structured and transcendent noir is not a simple whodunit . Though the film leads us , like McPherson , into this false sense of security with its lulling pace and carefully composed storytelling , to see it as such is to do a disservice to the script , beautifully woven by Jay Dratler , Samuel Hoffenstein and Betty Reinhardt , and based on Vera Caspary 's novel and play . The murder , and its subsequent investigation , is merely a starting point — a temporary stage — for which a web of intrigue and manipulation spun by those who knew the deceased is played out . Everything feels staged and artificial : a knowing , and telling , touch on the arm as a character departs a room could be as revealing about their intentions as it suggests . We are being led from the audience , onto the stage , and through a lie . There is a trapdoor on that stage through which McPherson , and the viewer , falls into the nest of vipers that is the upper crust of mid-twentieth-century Manhattan — a world often depicted in classic noirs , such as Alexander Mackendrick 's Sweet Smell of Success ( 1957 ) and Fritz Lang 's While the City Sleeps ( 1956 ) . The uncovering of the mystery is not so much as interesting as the exposure of the cast of characters that adorn it , and subsequent critique of society and its desire to project their conceptions of ideal femininity onto the blank slate of a beautiful young woman .
Preminger picks at this glamorous world of dreams and aspirations like a scab . In a world run by expensive men , how does a woman survive ? They choose to open their film with the grand portrait of Laura , a portrait that often looms above the narrative 's proceedings , always lurking in the background . This perfectly frames Laura 's most biting remarks on objectification and forced femininity . It is a theme that is written right through it like a stick of rock . “ You 're not yourself , darling ” , remarks the insidious fop Lydecker , but of course Laura has never really been herself : she 's a blank slate to be written on by others . By men . In this regard , Laura is a comedy of suitors passed through the nightmarish lens of the noir genre , and Laura 's suitors are an identity parade of varying , yet equally sleazy , male types .
Despite being the eponymous character , we never truly know ‘ the real Laura ' . They are perhaps one of the most prominently passive characters in all cinema . And this is exactly Preminger 's intention . Laura , as a blank slate , is merely a projection screen upon which Preminger projects the exposed intentions of the film 's cast of male characters . Rather than learn about Laura we learn a whole deal more about the masculine structures that seek to ensnare them
It is these structures that even the ‘ hero ' of the story , detective McPherson , is n't spared from being a part of . “ I do n't think they 've ever had a patient who fell in love with a corpse ” , taunts Waldo , as it becomes apparent that McPherson is just another man who has become entranced by Laura Hunt 's beauty . The rough-around-the-edges investigator McPherson falls for the ‘ dead ' Laura on the basis of the alluring portrait that is drawn up for them by the ferocious fops and idiots that offered up their affection to them Laura Hunt is the name on everyone 's lips , the image in everyone 's mind . McPherson eventually comes to their senses breaking free from the vapid chains that have tied them and their fellow males down , and rather than solving the case — a case that is built upon a bed of lies — they save Laura from falling deeper into a decadent world of masculine perversion . Not only is Laura resurrected in the mind of detective McPherson , then ‘ literally ' resurrected upon the reveal that they are still alive , but resurrected at the film 's climax from the depths of ritzy Manhattan . Preminger 's vision of noir goes mythic , as McPherson adopts the role of an Orphic hero , braving the depths of the underworld to save their love from death . This is their saving grace and redemption , and allows the noir to finish on an uncharacteristically positive outlook .
Ultimately , what elevates Preminger 's dreamy noir above the pack is that it is ‘ about something ' . The noir genre is a genre embedded within its own pulpy roots , evolving out of the hardboiled crime literature genre , which itself evolved out of pulpy magazine tales of sex and death . Thinking of the greatest noirs of all time — Double Indemnity ( 1944 ) , The Third Man ( 1949 ) , even Chinatown ( 1974 ) — they stand out because they are all about something . Though they come with all the conventions and trappings of the classic Hollywood noir — though often subverted to a degree — they all have a powerful and emotional heart that drives their seductive narratives . Laura is just another of those films that made certain the noir genre was never forgotten . Not only does it explore something about that sleazy Manhattan world , but it explores something about the noir genre within which it is situated . And on a deeper level , the real-life issues that accompany murder : more often that not , female murder . Ideas that inspired the genre in the first place . In a sense , Preminger deconstructs the genre , placing us within that subjectivity that fuelled the genre 's rise . They draw our minds back to those powerful images of dead girls that inspired the dark and twisted narratives ; dead girls that are trapped within the minds of men , mere vessels for their desires .
Servicing Springfield , Yellow Springs , and Fairborn
If you are having problems with your PC booting , running smoothly , or are having internet or network issues , let us help ! Whether it 's a software or hardware problem with your PC , smart phone , tablet , TV , modem , router , or wiring / wifi , we have a wealth of knowledge that can save you headaches without hurting your wallet . As certified IT techs , we specialize in resolving PC problems without data loss , if possible , and for a minimal , or `` realistic , '' fee .
We work onsite or from home to keep our prices low ! We recommend against remote desktop support for two reasons . First , most companies that offer these services use their own bloated , proprietary software that may get you up and running again ( unless it 's a hardware issue ) , but they usually fail to fix the underlying problems . This can result in more issues in the future . Second , and most importantly , allowing remote sessions can be very risky . Many ISP 's offer such services , but they are often provided by trainees with limited expertise who offer little help in terms of security and protecting your data , other than to point you to more proprietary software .
Whether you want a quick diagnosis , an affordable , professional solution , or a complete consultation and overhaul of your home network , we are the honest help you 've been looking for . No question or job is too big or too small . As an introductory offer ( and because we do not have set hours ) , we will diagnose your problem for free . We have no set fees , often charge on ability to pay , and have been known to charge whatever the customer feels the job was worth to them !
We are driven by technology . We love that it can be so useful and enjoyable , but it is frustrating when it does n't function the way it was designed . Having worked for satellite , cable , phone , and internet service providers in the past , as well as bigger PC repair companies , we are disappointed in how many in the industry overcharge for subpar solutions . Before you have an overpaid `` geek '' lose all of your data for no reason , or talk you into replacing your perfectly good computer that just needs a few tweaks and adjustments , you owe it to yourself to get real advice and real help from a local , real tech .
In my Science of Willpower course at Stanford University , I have a lot of self-proclaimed addicts .
The most common addictions ? Sugar , email , and reality TV .
It 's easy to dismiss these confessions as exaggerations-can you really be `` addicted '' to Top Chef ? . But a new study shows that sugar , at least , shares an important addicting feature with substances like nicotine or heroin .
Many addictive substances initially make you feel good by releasing ( or blocking reuptake of ) substances in the brain that trigger pleasure , euphoria , focus , or energy . But your brain and body are not necessarily interested in sustaining your bliss . They are motivated to keep your systems steady and avoid extremes . Thanks to this drive for homeostasis , your brain and body learn to adapt to the effects of mood- and mind-altering substances .
For example , if a substance would normally trigger a flood of serotonin , your brain may adapt by reducing receptors for this neurotransmitter , or producing less serotonin . And when your brain expects that you are going to take the substance , it may swing in the opposite direction ( reduced availability of serotonin ) to counteract the expected effects of the drug . This anticipatory drop can create powerful cravings for the substance .
Through this process of adaptation , the cycle is strengthened , and the addict needs the drug just to feel normal . Now it looks like the same process may be happening-at some level-with sugar .
Researchers at the National Institute for Physiological Sciences in Japan were curious how the brain and body might adapt to the expectation of eating something sweet ( 1 ) . They found that when mice expect a sweet treat , their brains release a chemical called orexin . Orexin triggers the body 's muscles to take up whatever sugar is circulating in the bloodstream . In this way , the body is preparing for an expected increase in blood sugar levels . This is a great adaptation if you eat the food , helping to keep blood sugar levels steady .
But what if you decide you want to resist the temptation of the sweets ? Then the drop of blood sugar comes with two very unwanted side effects : cravings to eat , and decreased energy to resist . The result ? It 's much harder to say no , and you may even need to eat to feel normal . Much like the cigarette addict who needs to smoke , or the pain addict who needs to take a pill , just to feel normal .
This study is the second this year to suggest that high-fat or high-sugar food can trick the brain and the body into consuming more . That does n't mean that food should be considered an addiction on par with other substances . But it does make you wonder how else our eating behavior is influenced by biological processes we ca n't control or even observe .
So what 's a sugar addict to do ? One solution comes from research on candy consumption . Brian Wansink and colleagues at the University of Illinois , Urbana-Champaign , have demonstrated that when it comes to candy , out of sight is out of mind .
In one study ( 2 ) , they tracked participants ' chocolate consumption in three different situations : 1 ) chocolates were placed in a closed container on participants ' desks ( visible and convenient ) , 2 ) chocolates were placed inside the participants ' desk drawers ( still convenient , but now `` invisible '' ) and 3 ) chocolates were placed in a closed container a short distance from participants ' desks ( invisible and also less convenient ) .
The researchers found that with decreasing visibility and convenience , participants consumed less chocolate . Even the very small change of putting the chocolates in a drawer led to about 1/3 third less consumption . That 's the kind of simple step anyone -- even a self-proclaimed sugar addict -- can take .
One possible explanation for this study is that seeing the candy kickstarts a cascade of changes in your thoughts , emotions , and yes-your blood sugar-that can make crave and consume .
The solution , then , is to take greater control of your immediate . Keep candy on hand if you want , but keep it out of sight . This holiday season , do n't leave trays of treats displayed on your dining room table . ( Something I learned a few years ago after a Christmas that led to greater cookie consumption than I thought possible . )
And because you can only control so much of your environment , it 's worth considering proposals to limit the availability of junk food . For example , another new study ( 3 ) shows that replacing junk food with healthier fare in school vending machines and cafeterias led to an overall decrease in kids ' junk food consumption .
Many had feared that taking the treats out of school would lead to a rebound effect , driving kids to consume more junk food outside of school . Instead , there was no effect on what they consumed out of school . Out of sight-and out of reach-equaled out of mouth .
Perhaps my self-proclaimed TV-addicted students need to hide their remote in a desk drawer , and the email addicts need to close that gmail window .
Softer addictions may create less suffering that other forms of addiction , but these strategies-get away from your triggers , clean up your environment , and make a fix harder to obtain-are n't too different from those recommended for addictions of any kind . When it comes to temptation and , it 's important to remember that we all need all the help we can get .
Studies Cited :
1 . Shiuchi T , et al ( 2009 ) . Hypothalamic orexin stimulates feeding-associated glucose utilization in skeletal muscle via sympathetic nervous system .
Cell Metabolism , 10 ( 6 ) , 466-480 .
2 . Painter JE , Wansink B , & Hieggelke JB ( 2002 ) . How visibility and convenience influence candy consumption . , 38 ( 3 ) , 237-238 .
3 . Schwartz MB , et al . ( 2009 ) . The impact of removing snacks of low nutritional value from middle schools . & Behavior 36 ( 6 ) , 999-1011 .
Philadelphia , PA – Coming off an emotional , 4-2 victory against division rival New York Rangers Saturday night , the Flyers again played down to an inferior opponent and lost to their wives 4-1 during the annual Flyers Wives Fight for Lives Carnival on Sunday , March 1 .
Nicole Warnecke , longtime girlfriend of Jakub Voracek , scored two goals for the wives and girlfriends during the annual ice hockey game which concluded the annual carnival .
“ It was great to get out there and skate with the boys , hopefully they 'll be able to recover from this loss though and lead the team into the playoffs , ” Warnecke said . “ Sure they lost out on 2 points today , but we were super proud of their effort and we know they 'll bounce back . ”
Keshia Chante , Ray Emery 's longtime girlfriend from Chicago , outplayed Steve Mason and kept the wives in the game as the Flyers peppered them with shots all afternoon .
“ What can I say . They gave us a great game and came out on top . It was a great opportunity to gain some ground on the Bruins and the Panthers for that final playoff spot and we just blew it . Hats off to the wives , they were just better than us today , ” Claude Giroux said .
Hali MacDonald , wife of Andrew MacDonald , stifled Giroux and Voracek all afternoon with vicious back checking and hard nosed play . Them husband , Andrew , was scratched from the game .
Advertisements
House Bill 4 would specify that , on interstate highways and U.S. highways , `` a commercial motor vehicle having three or more axles shall travel in the right lane unless passing ” with limited exceptions , and that they may not take more than 2 miles to complete such passing .
The change would effectively designate a single lane on major roadways as being the truck lane with a $ 100 fine for trucks that leave that lane under most circumstances .
When asked about why they sponsored this bill , Alabama Representative James Hanes replied that this was a safety issue . `` The more big trucks switch lanes , the more chances for car vs. truck accidents to occur . '' They added that they have `` great respect '' for the trucking industry and did not believe `` this legislation is placing a burden on the industry . ''
While a lack of a passing exemption would likely make commercial trucking in Alabama an unworkable nightmare , its inclusion means the bill will likely only somewhat alleviate the problem . Representative Hanes mentioned that they have `` video of two trucks side by side for over seven miles . '' Those of us who have experiened this know causes traffic issues , which Hanes stated they originally sought to address by only allowing `` one mile in the outside lane for passing '' , but `` changed it to two miles to get it done . ''
If this bill passes Alabama will join much of Europe and a small group of states including Georgia , Indiana , and Massachusetts which require trucks to remain in the right lanes . Other states have different restrictions , such as Washington which according to State Patrol Spokeperson Guy Gill requires that `` commercial vehicles can not travel in the left lane when there are three or more lanes '' or California only allows commercial vehicles outside of the right lane when there are three or more lanes .
( CNN ) Daniel Holtzclaw , the ex-Oklahoma City officer convicted of rape and other charges after they preyed on African-American women over six months , was sentenced Thursday to 263 years in prison , as recommended by the jury , according to their attorney .
The sentence comes just over a month after a sobbing Holtzclaw was convicted on 18 of 36 counts , including four counts of first-degree rape and four counts of forced oral sodomy .
Prosecutors said Holtzclaw selected victims in one of Oklahoma City 's poorest neighborhoods based on their criminal histories , assuming their drug or prostitution records would undermine any claims they might make against him .
Then , they would subject them to assaults that escalated from groping to oral sodomy and rape , according to the testimony of 13 victims . Holtzclaw , whose father is a police lieutenant on another force , waived their right to testify .
Two of those women shared their stories with CNN on Wednesday , recounting horrific memories of being forced to perform sexual acts by a serial rapist with a badge who was supposed to protect and serve .
Jury wants 263 years
Because the victims are black , race has been regularly invoked in the case . Their trial began in November and was criticized by activists after an all-white jury was chosen . Protesters repeatedly gathered outside .
JUST WATCHED Former police officer convicted of sex crimes Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Former police officer convicted of sex crimes 06:10
Holtzclaw , whose father is white and mother is Japanese , is identified as `` Asian or Pacific Islander '' by court records
Attorney Benjamin Crump , who represented the families of Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown , has criticized the media , asking , `` Where is the national outcry for their justice ? ''
Crump praised the sentence Thursday saying it was `` a landmark victory . ''
`` All the women were victims , from the 17-year old teenager to the 57-year old grandmother . This is a statement for 400 years of racism , oppression and sexual assault of black women ; a statement of victory not only for the 'OKC 13 , ' but for so many unknown women , '' Crump said in a statement .
On Wednesday , Holtzclaw 's lawyers asked for a new trial , alleging prosecutors did not disclose newly discovered evidence -- including DNA evidence and the accounts of accusers who falsely claimed to be victims -- to the defense , according to CNN affiliate KFOR . Court documents posted on the station 's website say a detective referenced the evidence in a Facebook post .
The judge denied the motion for a new trial .
The defense team filed for an appeal in court on Thursday , and it was denied , Crump said . They plan to appeal again , they said , but they were not sure what arguments they will use .
Holtzclaw 's attorneys are n't the only ones declaring their innocence , despite the verdict . Their sister also runs a blog dedicated to telling their brother 's `` untold story . ''
Victims ' stories
One of Holtzclaw 's victims , Jannie Ligons , grandmother of 12 , was among those who spoke at the sentencing on Thursday .
In an interview with CNN this week , they recalled driving down Lincoln Street when Holtzclaw pulled them over and told them they were swerving , `` which was untrue , '' they said . They told them to get out of the car .
`` He put a flashlight on my chest . They told me to pull my pants down to my knees . I did that but real quick and pulled them back up again . They pulled out their flashlight and shined it on my privates . I said . 'Sir , you are not supposed to do this . ' They said , 'Get back into my vehicle . ' I did what they said . I began to get very , very scared , '' Ligons said .
They remember them telling her , `` Damn , you got a big ass . ''
`` I thought they were going to kill me because I had seen their face and could tell on them and they were an officer and had to know they are n't supposed to do this , '' they said .
That 's when Holtzclaw ordered them to perform oral sex , they said . Them mind racing and tears gushing from their then-57-year-old eyes , they were both disgusted and terrified .
`` I tried to perform oral sex , '' they said . `` And trying to talk , I kept saying , 'Sir , please do n't make me do this . ' I said , 'Are you gon na shoot me ? ' They said , ' I promise I am not . ' I did n't believe him . I kept seeing their gun while they were making me do this right there on the street . I was sitting in the passenger side of the car and they were standing there . It was so horrifying . It was unreal . I cried and cried , '' Ligons said .
Finally , they let them go , and `` I decided right then If they did n't kill me I was going to tell on him , '' they said .
Rape in a hospital bed
They picked up their daughter and went to the police station . Investigators interviewed them and sent them to the hospital . They soon learned they were the last in a string of sexual assaults and rapes committed by Holtzclaw .
`` The detective I talked to in the hospital came in and they believed me . While they were writing the report they said , ' I got a good idea who it was , ' `` Ligons said . `` I was relieved at first , but then I wondered why they were still on the street if they knew who it was . ''
Ligons told reporters after the verdict was announced last month that they had to enter therapy and later `` had a stroke behind this . ''
Another victim , 24-year-old Shandegreon `` Sade '' Hill , told CNN they were intoxicated the night Holtzclaw arrested them
They promised to get their prior charges dropped , but while they were handcuffed to the hospital bed trying to detox , they raped her , they said .
`` He started to touch me . They touched my breast . From there , I just did n't know what to think . I am in their custody because whatever they tell me in my mind I just did it . As far as I know I could wind up dead in the hospital saying I was overdosed , '' Hill said .
`` He violated me . And made me give them oral . They stuck their hands into my privates . They 're done everything against my will , `` they told CNN , their voice shaking and angry .
Holtzclaw continued to pursue her , even following them to their home and stalking them on social media , they said .
JUST WATCHED Former Oklahoma City officer accused of raping 13 women Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Former Oklahoma City officer accused of raping 13 women 02:11
These are just two of the stories from the 13 victims , one of whom was 17 at the time and testified they were raped on their mother 's front porch .
Grandmother brought them down
Ligons ' report would be the one that finally yielded Holtzclaw 's arrest . After they went to police and media outlets , investigators found another dozen victims . They now have a civil lawsuit pending against the former officer and the city , filed on behalf of several victims . Hill has filed a state civil lawsuit against Holtzclaw and Oklahoma City .
Crump has called Ligons `` a true hero -- not just for black women but all women . ''
`` The statistics on rape victims reporting the crimes against them are low to being with . This grandmother had the strength to come forward not just against their assailant but against a police officer . That is a frightening thing to do , '' they said .
Holtzclaw was a former linebacker on the Eastern Michigan University football team and graduated with a degree in criminal justice .
Prosecutors say their ruthless scheme began during a June 2014 traffic stop . They were fired from the force in January 2015 after an internal investigation .
.
.
TOKYO – SoftBank the company behind a chatty Japanese humanoid robot named Pepper has felt the need to remind customers who purchase the robots not to engage in sex with them .
Mobile phone giant SoftBank , which sells the units in Japan , states helpfully in its user agreement : “ The policy owner must not perform any sexual act or other indecent behavior . ”
The wise-cracking Pepper — who , according to its makers , can read people 's emotions — costs a cool US $ 1,600 ( 58,000 baht ) .
.
But even for that outlay , SoftBank warned buyers that the pint-sized droid can not be used outside or to inflict harm on human beings .
Other clauses prohibit using Pepper to send out spam email but the ban on sex with the plastic machine — which stands just 120-centimetres and moves on rollers — is the most baffling , causing social media in Japan to light up in amazement .
While SoftBank wants Pepper to behave like a good little robot and not a spicy sex-bot , the fine print is somewhat ambiguous , with some people taking it to mean customers are not barred from physical relations with the droid , just from using it for “ improper purposes ” .
SoftBank said lewd acts could trigger punitive action , although exactly what kind of punishment offenders faced — and how anyone would ever find out — was not made clear in yet another grey area .
However , a spokesperson for the company made clear that tampering with the robot 's software to give it a sexy voice was a definite no-no .
Pepper , also used widely in SoftBank stores to greet customers , went on sale in June for 198,000 yen ( $ 1,640 ) and the initial shipment of 1,000 units sold out online in one minute .
Twenty seconds or so into the trailer for their new film , a moustachioed Johnny Depp introduces himself : “ Eigh em Lord Chally Mortdecai ! ” Their accent is somewhere between Terry-Thomas and Inspector Clouseau ; their moustache appears to have been glued on with Araldite . High camp is , it seems , the way the producers have decided to go in adapting Kyril Bonfiglioli 's sequence of novels for the big screen .
Adapting them in the first place is an idea so startlingly bizarre as to make you wonder if anyone actually read them before green-lighting the project . These four sort-of-comedy sort-of-thrillers about a cowardly and unprincipled art spiv called Charlie Mortdecai and their thuggish manservant Jock were backward-looking even when they came out in the 1970s , with their exultant snobbery , conspicuous streak of misogyny , and their backing cast of stereotypical Jews , funny-talking Chinese people , boilerish lady academics and inbred natives of the Channel Islands .
Yet here , apparently , they are – in a film starring Depp , and Gwyneth Paltrow as Mortdecai 's wife , Joanna . You can only wonder what Mortdecai or their creator would have made of the solecism “ Lord Charlie Mortdecai ” ( he is the Hon Charlie Mortdecai in the books ) , let alone Paltrow 's views on nutrition and the molecular behaviour of water ( a drink in which Mortdecai is notably uninterested ) .
Mortdecai himself , God knows , is no Depp : “ I am in the prime of life , if that tells you anything , of barely average height , of sadly over-average weight and am possessed of the intriguing remains of rather flashy good looks … I like art and money and dirty jokes and drink . I am very successful . I discovered at my goodish second-rate public school that almost anyone can win a fight if they are prepared to put their thumb into the other fellow 's eye . ”
What are the books – which have just been republished by Penguin – like ? They are darker , stranger and more interesting than any film of them ( or at least any film cleared for general release ) could be . The first comparison for which people tend to reach is PG Wodehouse . Mortdecai is a debauched Bertie Wooster , and Jock a negative-energy Jeeves . Charlie is cunning where Bertie is dim ; Jock is thuggish where Jeeves is urbane . But there 's also Fleming and golden-age detective fiction ; and Bonfiglioli 's second wife , Margaret – editor of a memoir-cum-reader , The Mortdecai ABC , which now changes hands for north of £100 – points to a debt to Kipling . There 's a flavour of Mortdecai , to my mind , in the stylish pulp novels Julian Barnes used to write as Dan Kavanagh .
The novels are extremely funny , first of all . They deal , like Wodehouse , in sentence-by-sentence sparkle , in gestures of grand insouciance . When we first meet Mortdecai they are relaxing in their drawing room with the frame from a stolen masterpiece burning merrily in the fire . Soon after , he 's entertaining a police officer in the same room with bare insolence . Their tone of address to the reader is bonhomous , conspiratorial . “ Do n't you agree ? ” he 'll say – often after imparting some opinion about sex , crime or food with which the reader would be very hesitant indeed to agree .
But where they get really interesting is in the differences from their precursors . Wodehouse 's is essentially a ruly comic world – as are the non-comic worlds of the detective stories on whose conventions Bonfiglioli also draws . The adventures of Bertie and Jeeves , Holmes and Watson , Poirot or Miss Marple are comfortingly circumscribed by the covers of the books . Their worlds are bounded by a set of locations and conventions . The dramatis personae take their places , essentially unchanged , for the next outing . The Mortdecai Trilogy , on the other hand , is a complete mess . One minute Mortdecai is plotting to assassinate the Queen ; the next he 's sparring with nubile hitwomen ; the next he 's up to their ears in a Chinese heroin-smuggling operation .
You could say the essential feature of the trilogy is not what it takes from its precursors , but how thoroughly it fails to apply it . It reaches for the affectless jauntiness of Wodehouse , the cool viciousness of Fleming , in desperation and in vain . One of the things that struck me on rereading them was quite how much time Mortdecai spends crying . These books look for the reassurance of structure , certainty , a bounded world : and they spill out and over .
Near the ( inconclusive ) end of Do n't Point That Thing at Me , Mortdecai addresses the reader : “ You must have noticed that , until now , my tangled tale has observed at least some of the unities proper to tragedy : I have not tried to relate what other people thought or did when this was outside my knowledge ; I have not whisked you hither and yon without suitable transport , and I have never started a sentence with the words ‘ some days later ' . Each morning has witnessed the little death of a heavy drinker 's awakening and ‘ each dusk a slow drawing down of blind'. ” By this stage , the superficial order has collapsed : “ the events which I thought I was controlling were in fact controlling me ” .
That first novel just unravels . A plot that makes less and less sense as it goes on ( though it makes more sense than the plots of the novels that came after ) has Mortdecai crossing the US with a stolen Goya hidden in their car , in the course of which journey they accumulate at least three different sets of people who want them dead . They are frequently beaten and tortured . There is no clever resolution , no deus ex machina . They end up back in the UK , scampering ratlike from hiding place to hiding place – shades of Richard Hannay on the run in The 39 Steps – until they are holed up in an abandoned copper mine waiting to be found and killed ( while the priceless Goya mocks them from the wall of their hideout ) .
En route they lose Jock , abruptly and at random . As they are chased through countryside in the pitch dark Jock slips into quicksand . Charlie ca n't pull them out and Jock matter-of-factly asks them for a quick dispatch :
‘ Go on , me old mate . Quick . Put the leather in . '
I scrambled to my feet , aghast . Then I could n't bear the noises they were making any more and I stepped on the suitcase with my left foot and trod on their head with my right foot , grinding at it . They made dreadful noises but their head would n't go under . I kicked at it frantically again and again , until the noises stopped , then I clawed up the suitcase and ran blindly , weeping with horror and terror and love .
At moments like that – or in the botched Satanic ritual at the centre of Something Nasty in the Woodshed – the writing in these books is right on the edge of something : the nervy comic caper plunging into an alcoholic anxiety dream . “ He did go to the edge of darkness all right , ” is how Margaret puts it . The sentences , one by one , may have the bright clink of ice cubes : but they 're bobbing about in something rather toxic .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ewan McGregor as Inspector Martland and Gwyneth Paltrow as Johanna . Photograph : Stephen Vaughan
Mortdecai is easily read as a sort of projection of Bonfiglioli themselves – part wish-fulfilment , part reproach . It 's a reading encouraged , rather than otherwise , by the disclaimer at the beginning of the first book : “ This is not an autobiographical novel : it is about some other portly , dissolute , immoral and middle-aged art dealer . ”
Mortdecai shares their creator 's alcoholism – a telling epithet Charlie uses of one drink or another is that it “ gets to you where you live very fast ” – and they share their connoisseurship . The books are full of reader-flattering art-world in-jokes , and sophisticated literary gags . The chapter-epigraphs to each book are taken from Browning , Swinburne or Wyatt , though in each case one is “ a palpable forgery ” . They share , too , an unhappy relationship with their family : Charlie digs bitterly , from time to time , at “ my father 's cupidity and chronic envy , my mother 's febrile regret at having married an impossible cad ” and at their brother 's “ crawling disgust at anyone and everything . Including himself . And especially me ... ” .
Of Bonfiglioli himself , Margaret says : “ There was one very very traumatic happening in their life when they are , I think , 15 and living in Eastbourne . There was an air raid and they were supposed to go to the shelter , but they were actually skipping around in the street . But their mother and their brother were in the shelter , which got a direct hit . So they lost their mother and their younger brother at the age of 15 . And their father gave them the impression that the wrong brother had died … I came to think that went very deep . ”
There are considerable divergences . Mortdecai always has plenty of money , and moves with ease around the London underworld and the art galleries of Mayfair and St James 's . Bon – as everyone knew them – was penniless for most of their life . Their great coup – never repeated – was to spot a Tintoretto in a local auction in 1964 and pick it up for £40 . They lived in Oxford , Lancashire , Jersey and for a time Ireland – getting broker , drunker and lonelier .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Watch a video review of the film
They married young after army service and had two children , but their first wife died . As an undergraduate at Balliol College , Oxford , and a single father of two , they met Margaret , who became their second wife . They had three more children and Bon sustained themselves semi-successfully by dealing art and antiques through the 1960s . But at the end of that decade , they left Margaret after 10 years of marriage for another woman . That relationship foundered within five years . There followed another decade of drinking and writing ; a downward slide , in the course of which they produced their other novels – the remaining Mortdecai books and a historical prequel starring a Mortdecai ancestor , All the Tea in China . Then , halfway through their sixth decade : gone . Cirrhosis of the liver got them in 1985 .
As with their novels , whatever Bon 's deeper anxieties , they evinced a bright sociability on the surface . The poet Craig Raine , who knew them a little , says : “ There are a million stories about Bon … Setting across a crowded party only to spill whisky on two women : ‘ A Haig on both your blouses . ' They were portly , glistening with sweat , sparse hair plastered to their scalp , a great many silver rings , a silver dangle on a leather bootlace round their neck , a cross between Christopher Logue and Aleister Crowley . A down-at-heel , deposed king in exile , with an air of expensive habits . When we lunched , they knew the chef and ordered nothing on the menu . We had a pretty good bottle of wine : they quizzed the wine waiter : ‘ do you still have that … ? ' They had . They ordered it. ” Raine adds : “ The silver dangle was dangled over my wife 's pregnant tummy to sex the baby . They were confident it was a boy . It was a girl . ”
I 'd like to be able to do more than speculate on the film itself , incidentally – but its publicists have spent the last two or three months not quite managing to produce a ticket to an advance screening . That 's usually the sign they know they have a stinker on their hands . If it turns out to be so – well , it 's nice to think that Bonfiglioli would probably have found that funny .
The Mortdecai Trilogy and The Great Mortdecai Moustache Mystery were reissued by Penguin last year . Mortdecai is now showing in UK cinemas .
It 's that time of year again ! Wonder Festival ! Lots of great figures are coming up in the next few months . I hope you are excited as much as I am .
As per usual this is just a scaled/prepainted figures that appear at Wonderfest . You can view the full list of items here . There are also NSFW figures throughout these pages . I marked them with a NSFW banner at the top of the section if the company has any . If I missed anything let me know ! There is a lot to sort through .
Just a disclaimer , I did n't take any of these photos . If you took one of the photos and would like me to credit you and or have me take it off this website , please contact me .
Go directly to company : Max Factory | Good Smile Company | Kotobukiya | Alter | Alphamax | FREEing | Mega House | Wing | Griffon Enterprises | Plum | Pulchra | Native | Phat Company | Aquamarine | Union Creative International Ltd | Ques Q | Bandai | Aoshima | Di molto bene | Broccoli | Kaitendoh | Flare | Aniplex | Orca Toys | SEGA | AmiAmi Zero | Embrace Japan | Rockey Boy | Lechery | X-Plus | Other
When it comes to so-called ‘ unlimited ' broadband deals , disappointment has often reigned . But now BT is offering unlimited broadband without a fair usage policy , can we look forward to other providers following suit ?
As of today , BT has followed in the footsteps of Sky and removed its fair usage policy , which it used to apply to its ‘ unlimited ' broadband services .
This usage policy allowed BT to restrict broadband access or slow it down for those download-happy customers who were making the most of the package they had paid for . For those among you who subscribe to BT Unlimited Broadband , Unlimited Broadband Extra , Unlimited BT Infinity 1 , Unlimited BT Infinity 2 or BT Total Broadband Option 3 – ‘ unlimited ' will finally mean unlimited .
Unfair fair-usage policies
And that 's how it should be . Unfortunately , the Advertising Standards Agency 's rules mean that internet service providers are allowed to label a package as ‘ unlimited ' , just so long as the fair usage policies are mentioned somewhere in the ads . I do n't know about you , but that does n't seem fair to me .
That 's why the Committee of Advertising Practice launched a consultation on this issue last year . Several solutions were up for consideration as part of the process , including the option to make ‘ unlimited ' claims unacceptable for certain broadband services . This included services that came with a fair usage policy , which lead to extra charges or a suspended service if customers exceeded a certain usage limit .
Has a revolution begun ?
The question remains whether BT jumped the gun before it was forced , but I believe credit is still due . Having launched its YouView TV service late last year , BT will be acutely aware that the way we use the internet is changing . On-demand services like BBC iPlayer mean we 're no longer a slave to the TV schedule , and our demand for downloads will increase . In addition , music streaming platforms like Spotify require a constant connection if we 're to take advantage of their vast catalogues .
Of course , there 's always the risk that some customers could get carried away trawling the internet for cat videos or perusing films on Netflix , which could negatively affect your own broadband speed .
So now BT has broken ranks with Sky to offer totally unlimited broadband , surely it 's just a matter of time until other providers follow suit ? With Sky and BT offering truly unlimited broadband , will you be tempted to switch providers ? Or are you concerned your service might slow down due to other , high-usage customers ?
Should 'unlimited ' broadband deals be truly unlimited ? Yes - there should be no fair usage policies on unlimited broadband ( 91 % , 1,328 Votes ) No - fair usage policies are reasonable to keep the service going ( 9 % , 138 Votes ) Total Voters : 1,472
DAKAR , Senegal — A toxic chemical mixed into a teething medicine for babies has killed at least 84 children in Nigeria , health officials there said Friday , more than tripling the toll in a wave of infant deaths that began in late November .
The children died after taking a medicine called My Pikin Baby Teething Mixture , a syrup for teething pain , according to Nigeria 's Health Ministry . Health officials said that a batch of the medicine that went on sale in November contained diethylene glycol , an industrial solvent and an ingredient in antifreeze and brake fluid .
The chemical looks , smells and tastes like glycerin , a sweet syrup commonly used in a wide range of medicines , foods and toothpaste , and counterfeiters enhance their profit by substituting diethylene glycol , which is relatively cheap , for the more expensive but harmless glycerin .
The chemical causes kidney and liver damage , as well as attacking the central nervous system , causing paralysis that hampers breathing . Children in Nigeria began to get sick in November with unexplained fevers and vomiting . Some stopped urinating and many had diarrhea . Across the country children with similar symptoms turned up at hospitals amid rising anger and panic .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The high concentration of the syrupy liquid in the teething medicine has made it even more deadly — three-quarters of the children made sick by the medicine have died , the Health Ministry said .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ The poison has caused many deaths in children between the ages of 2 months and 7 years old in Nigeria , ” Babatunde Osotimehin , Nigeria 's minister of health , said in a statement . “ The death of any Nigerian child is a great loss to the nation . ”
Yazidis in Iraq flee for their lives
Yazidi refugees stranded for days atop Iraq 's Mount Sinjar by jihadis from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) are now swarming helicopters arriving with food and water . The plight of the refugees has propelled President Barack Obama to authorize humanitarian aid drops and airstrikes to protect them .
CNN journalist Ivan Watson was aboard one of the Iraqi air force helicopters as it delivered aid to and evacuated some Yezidis trapped on the mountain after they fled forces loyal to ISIL , also known as ISIS . According to Watson , a gunner went through `` belts of ammo '' while firing at militant targets during the flight .
Iraqi gunner blasts away at targets below while flying over ISIS front line to deliver aid to people on Mount Sinjar pic.twitter.com/y6LZL3UsCI — Ivan Watson ( @ IvanCNN ) August 11 , 2014
Circling over mount Sinjar , where we could see desperate Yazidis taking shelter under trees below # Iraq pic.twitter.com/bJ192xfs9d — Ivan Watson ( @ IvanCNN ) August 11 , 2014
After chaotic scramble , Iraqi Air Force helicopter picked up 20 traumatized , hungry , dehydrated people from Mt Sinjar pic.twitter.com/slvhEOApMg — Ivan Watson ( @ IvanCNN ) August 11 , 2014
15 year old Aziza cried whole flight to safety . Them father got separated during ISIS attack 1 week ago . Still missing pic.twitter.com/VSmTbhpHet — Ivan Watson ( @ IvanCNN ) August 11 , 2014
Rescued Yezidis aboard Iraqi Air Force helicopter that evacuated trapped civilians from Mount Sinjar pic.twitter.com/2m9cJR2d7x — Ivan Watson ( @ IvanCNN ) August 11 , 2014
Mark Phillips , a CNN photojournalist , captured dramatic video footage of the rescue of some Yazidis during an Iraqi military humanitarian airdrop .
Jonathan Rugman , a foreign affairs correspondent for U.K. 's Channel 4 News , had a similar experience while riding in one of the Iraqi military helicopters .
Mil helicopter dropping aid over Sinjar mountain came under anti aircraft fire from IS jihadists . We all back safe . pic.twitter.com/tTLBlR5pK8 — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 11 , 2014
My pic of Yazidis on mt Sinjar range waiting for food drop or helicopter rescue . Scenes like this for miles : pic.twitter.com/d6Pprc6Hf9 — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 11 , 2014
Desperate Yazidi refugees plucked from Mt Sinjar by Iraqi army helicopter : pic.twitter.com/x4eBY1oaKD — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 11 , 2014
Many refugees in tears after 10 days stranded on mt Sinjar with no food , water . 33 degree heat : pic.twitter.com/OHapYJVbKe — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 11 , 2014
Refugees mobbed our helicopter . One man was punched back . So desperate to get aboard after 10 days on mountain . pic.twitter.com/RVBNQ86SQg — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 11 , 2014
At one point I found myself dragging dehydrated children to the back of the helicopter for safety . Very distressing scenes . — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 11 , 2014
Unbelievable scenes on mt Sinjar . Saw small families trapped in middle of nowhere . Many of these people will die if not evacuated ASAP . — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 11 , 2014
On Saturday , the Iraqi Ministry of Defense released footage of unidentified planes dropping aid to refugees in the Sinjar region .
On Sunday , Rugman tweeted photos of some of the refugees who managed to escape the mountaintop , along with their stories .
Hali stayed on Sinjar mountain 7 days . Walked 9 hours . Believe parents , brothers , sisters dead : pic.twitter.com/XoH4fAyUpm — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 10 , 2014
Parkeeza fled with 6 month old baby . Husband missing . Says Yazidis must be free to leave Iraq , can not trust Arabs : pic.twitter.com/TQADHpiQRb — Jonathan Rugman ( @ jrug ) August 10 , 2014
by Peter Jenkins
The kerfuffle over congressional moves to impose additional sanctions on Iran is obscuring a question that requires attention . Have the US and EU understood that the nuclear negotiations will not yield the non-proliferation measures that the US and EU need if they refuse Iran the sanctions relief that Iran needs ?
Recent statements by President Obama and an op-ed by the foreign ministers of Britain , France and Germany leave room for doubt on that score . There is a risk that the US and EU believe that they can get a comprehensive agreement by offering to suspend , not lift sanctions , and by back-loading the bulk of relief .
Let us suppose that from the day a comprehensive agreement enters into force Iran is ready to send all its low-enriched uranium ( LEU ) to Russia ; to operate no more than 9,400 first-generation centrifuges for the next 15 years ; to keep the U235 content of its LEU to 5 % or less ; to freeze its centrifuge development work for at least ten years ; to refrain from acquiring any capacity to reprocess nuclear fuel ; and to grant the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) the access to enrichment facilities and centrifuge workshops that the IAEA has had under interim the Joint Plan of Action .
Such a raft of voluntary measures ( “ voluntary ” because Iran is under no legal obligation to offer any of these ) would give the US and EU , from day one , the greater part of what they need . The measures would enable the US and EU to feel confident about Iran not ‘ breaking out ' with its 9,400 centrifuges . They would allow a long period to test the assumption that Iran 's leaders are not minded to acquire nuclear weapons .
In such circumstances , would the US and EU be justified in holding back the greater part of the benefits of sanctions relief ? Would back-loading the bulk of sanctions relief be reasonable ?
No , what would be reasonable would be to give Iran up-front relief from the EU sanctions and US secondary sanctions that were imposed at the end of 2011 and in early 2012 , as well as access to the SWIFT inter-bank settlement system . Those measures constitute the greater part of the sanctions burden on Iran .
That would not preclude holding back other forms of relief and offering them only progressively , in return for Iran implementing measures that can not be implemented as soon as the comprehensive agreement enters into force .
Examples of this second group of voluntary measures include : modifications to the reactor at Arak ; the conversion of Fordow into a test facility ; the incorporation of all 20 % LEU into reactor fuel plates ; the resolution of questions about past nuclear-related research ; the ratification of an Additional Protocol ; and cooperation so that the IAEA can offer assurances that there are no undeclared nuclear activities or material in Iran .
For those measures , relief can be provided through the progressive unfreezing of Iranian funds abroad , the progressive repeal of UN sanctions , and the repeal of US primary sanctions .
It 's not just excessive back-loading that threatens the goal of a comprehensive agreement . It 's also a belief that the suspension of sanctions will be enough and that amending legislation ( lifting ) can be avoided .
The case for lifting is simple : European and Asian banks and large companies will be wary of re-engaging the Iranian market on the basis of suspension . Suspension will not give sufficient protection against the potential consequences of a change of administration in the US or disruptive initiatives on Capitol Hill .
A case made for suspension is that Iran may cease implementing one or more of its commitments , triggering a need to re-impose sanctions . But if Iran defaults , Congress will be happy to legislate to re-impose ; and the EU Council of Ministers will know its duty .
Another argument is that the US administration , knowing the mood of Congress , would be foolish to offer what Congress will refuse : the repeal of certain sanctions . That argument ought to be tested empirically . It may well be wrong . A comprehensive agreement that visibly serves US interests can win the support of the US public and , if it does , surely Congress will be loath to defy its electoral base ?
There is also the argument that the US can get most of what it needs by further extensions to the Joint Plan of Action ( JPOA ) in return for unfreezing a few hundred million a month of Iranian funds , leaving all other sanctions intact .
That is delusional . Iran agreed to the JPOA , in return for much less relief than they needed , because it appeared to be a precursor to a comprehensive agreement , under which Iran would get major relief . If a comprehensive agreement ceases to be a realistic prospect , Iran will resist any further extensions to the JPOA .
There 's an old English saying : “ Do n't spoil the ship for a ha ' p'orth of tar. ” A proliferation-proof deal with Iran is there to be had , but this prize will evaporate if the US and EU cling to their beloved sanctions like a miser to their hoard of gold .
Photo : EU High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini and US Secretary of State John Kerry hold a joint news conference after their meeting at the State Department in Washington on January 21 , 2015. Credit by Yuri Gripas
The NDTV Exit Poll for Bihar shows the BJP and its allies winning the state .
The forecast for 243 seats :
BJP+Allies 125 SEATS
Grand Alliance 110 SEATS
The poll had a massive sample size of 76,000 people in all 243 constituencies , the sort of population usually sampled for a national election . READ : Details of NDTV 'S Exit Poll
`` Your exit poll shows Bihar has voted for change , '' said Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to NDTV .
Pavan Varma , a leader of Chief Minister Nitish Kumar 's Janata Dal-United , however , said : `` Your exit polls are wide off the mark . ''
Bihar voted in five phases starting in October and ending earlier this week ; the results will be counted on Sunday .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi campaigned extensively for their party 's alliance . Chief Minister Nitish Kumar combined with former rival Lalu Prasad and the Congress in an attempt to block the BJP from leveraging the PM 's popularity .
Older voters and women supported the Grand Alliance , according to the exit poll . Young voters supported the BJP .
The Grand Alliance , in four of five phases , lost significantly compared to the 2014 general election . Phase 5 , with 57 seats in areas like Seemanchal with a high Muslim population , showed a strong swing away from Mr Kumar and Mr Prasad . The BJP nearly tripled its score in this region compared to the last national election - it gained 7 to collect 27 seats . Nitish-Lalu 's alliance lost a whopping 17 seats here according to the exit poll .
Though the BJP has said it does not agree , the Bihar vote is being viewed by many as a referendum on Mr Modi 's premiership after they addressed at least 30 campaign rallies .
Bihar , home to 104 million people , is India 's third-largest state and a result in their party 's favour will boost Mr Modi 's chances of building the parliamentary strength they need to push through reforms . The government is in a minority in the Rajya Sabha , which is selected on the basis of parties ' strength in state assemblies .
But the Bihar election is seen as a barometer of many key issues shaping Indian politics including the changing roles of caste and religion and the rising aspirations of a young population .
Mr Modi 's campaign started with a message of economic development but , as the race tightened , the BJP 's campaign was accused of shifting to religious and caste alliances in a region where these have been dominant themes . Beef-eating , for example , took a lead role as a campaign issue towards the end .
Are you brave enough to do yoga 138ft above the city of London ? If so , this event is for you .
Beginning Monday , February 16th , London-based yoga teacher Billie Woodcraft will deliver a series of energetic vinyasa classes on the glass floors of the Tower Bridge , 138ft above the Thames . This exclusive set of energizing yoga classes will allow participants of all abilities to practice on the Tower Bridge 's new glass floor .
Intended to ease road traffic while maintaining river access to the docks , the Tower Bridge was designed by architect Sir Horace Jones and civil engineer Sir John Wolfe Barry . The bridge took 8 years to complete and was opened June 30th 1894 . The Tower Bridge Exhibition has told the history of the bridge since 1982 . The new glass floor is the most significant improvement to the Tower Bridge Exhibition since it 's opening .
But do n't worry ; you wo n't fall through the glass while you 're flowing through your sun salutations . Each glass panel is engineered to withstand the weight of one elephant and two black cabs .
These unique yoga classes start at 7:30am , but students are encouraged to arrive by 7:15am . Mats will be provided if necessary , but in order to maximise the experience on the new glass floor , it is recommended to use gripped gloves and socks . Each class will run for approximately 50 minutes , ending at 8:20am . This is a great way to kick-start your work day .
This experience is intended to revitalise Londoners with an exciting and never-seen-before view from inside the most famous bridge in the world . Participating yogis may even witness the magic of the Bridge 's famous bascules raising for a river vessel .
Cost : £15.00 per person
Time : 07.30am – 08.20am ( arrivals by 7.15am )
Places are limited so book now to avoid disappointment .
Photo © Daniel Connell
Parents who worry that their children are lying to them should not be too concerned , because it shows they have excellent memories and thinking skills , researchers have found .
Psychologists at the University of Sheffield who tested 135 children found that those who lied did far better on a trivia test than their honest peers .
They believe it is because it takes a lot of thought and memory skills to keep track of lies told so that they do not slip up and give the game away .
“ While parents are usually not too proud when their kids lie , they can at least be pleased to discover that when their children are lying well , it means their children are becoming better at thinking and have good memory skills , ” said Dr Elena Hoicka , from the University of Sheffield 's Department of Psychology , said
“ We already know that adults lie in approximately a fifth of their social exchanges lasting 10 or more minutes , so it 's interesting to know why some children are able to tell more porkies than others . We 'll now be looking to move the research forward to discover more about how children first learn to lie . ”
• Lying is an `` important social skill '' for young children
• Lying to your kids ? They might stop trusting you
• Lying children will grow up to be successful citizens
For the study , children aged six and seven years old were given the opportunity to peek at the answers on the back of a card during a trivia game .
Unbeknownst to them , they were being recorded on a hidden camera . Those children who looked at the answers but then denied it did better at a later memory test .
The link between lying and verbal memory is thought to stem from the fact that covering lies involves keeping track of lots of verbal information .
As a result , children who possessed better memories and could keep track of lots of information were able to successfully make and maintain a cover story for their lie .
Dr Tracy Alloway , project lead from the University of North Florida , said : `` This research shows that thought processes , specifically verbal working memory , are important to complex social interactions like lying because the children needed to juggle multiple pieces of information while keeping the researcher 's perspective in mind . ”
The results were published in the Journal of Experimental Child Psychology .
Registration for Kellogg Community College classes offered during the upcoming Fall 2017 semester began Monday , June 5 , at 7 a.m. online and 8 a.m. in person at all campus locations , including the College 's two Battle Creek campuses and regional centers in Albion , Coldwater and Hastings .
The first classes of KCC 's fall semester begin Thursday , Aug. 31 , and the semester ends Monday , Dec. 18 . Students are encouraged to sign up for classes as early as possible after registration opens because space is limited and many classes fill up by the start of the semester .
New offerings at KCC this fall include an Agricultural Operations Certificate Program partnership with Michigan State University and a Web Design and Development Certificate Program for students interested in programming and mobile/Web design .
Student registration information , including links to registration instructions , policies , tuition and fees and other information , is available online at www.kellogg.edu/registration . Specific courses offered at KCC during the fall semester can be viewed by visiting www.kellogg.edu , clicking on “ Class Schedules ” at the top of the page and filtering results by semester .
Students new to KCC must fill out an application and verify residency before signing up for classes . Admissions applications can be completed online at www.kellogg.edu/step1 .
Those who wish to meet with an academic advisor prior to registering are encouraged to schedule an appointment by calling 269-965-4124 or emailing advising @ kellogg.edu .
For more news about Kellogg Community College , view our latest press releases online at http : //daily.kellogg.edu/category/news-releases .
Canucks ' Anton Rödin about to sign with HC Davos
Hockeynews.se reported earlier today that Anton Rödin is about to sign with a National League team for the rest of the season . According to Kristian Kapp ( Tages-Anzeiger ) , the forward 's new employer will be HC Davos .
Photo : swisshockeynews.ch
Die Südostschweiz reported earlier on Monday that HC Davos was about to close a deal with another forward . The identity of the newest member of HC Davos has now been revealed . However , Rödin will only sign with Davos if they clear waivers . Head coach Arno del Curto confirmed this report to Blick 's Dino Kessler .
The 26-year-old Swede was placed on unconditional waivers by the Vancouver Canucks on Monday at their own request . Rödin , who played for Byrnäs IF for several years before they joined the Canucks , will not return to Sweden due to tax-related reasons , as Brynäs ' team manager Stefan Bengtzén told Expressen . Rödin has played seven games for the Utica Comets this season , scoring one goal and one assist .
Anton Rödin steht vor dem Wechsel zum @ Hockeysince1921 . Mehr auf tagesanzeiger.ch — Kristian Kapp ( @ K_Krisztian_ ) November 20 , 2017
Arno Del Curto @ Hockeysince1921 bestätigt mögliche Verpflichtung von Anton Rödin . Der schwedische Flügelstürmer steht bis Dienstag 1800 ( MEZ ) auf der Waiver-Liste . Rödin war zuletzt bei Utica ( Vancouver Canucks ) parkiert . — Dino Kessler ( @ dino_kessler ) November 20 , 2017
Samuel Chambers , known in Chicago 's Loop as the State Street Preacher who warns of hell and damnation , and extols the glory of repenting , was attacked by two men on Wednesday.Chicago police are looking for the offenders who knocked Chambers down , upset their gear and fled on Wednesday around 4:30 p.m . Chambers was at their usual spot , the busy corner of State and Washington streets , and passersby gathered round after they blacked out briefly . They declined medical treatment after coming to . `` What I said may have offended them in some way at some point , but I told them 'peace , ' and when I said , 'peace , ' then that 's the time one of the guys walked around and they did whatever they were going to , '' Chambers said.With their microphone and small speaker , Chambers has been a fixture on State Street for 45 years . They preach six days a week . With abrasions on their wrist , they returned to their post on Thursday , which happens to be Chambers ' 76th birthday.Chambers said they are prepared to forgive . `` Yes , indeed . I forgive them for whatever . Because that 's the only way I can make it to heaven . By way of forgiveness , '' they said.Chambers has been assaulted before . They know there will be people who do n't agree with their message - but that wo n't stop them from delivering it for , as Chambers said , `` as long as God permits . ''
Jake Gyllenhaal is getting into the TV game .
The Oscar-nominated actor 's production company Nine Stories Prods . is developing an anthology series from A+E Studios for A & E Network . The limited series will explore major American cult personas , and the first season is planned to revolve around the Jim Jones story .
Gyllenhaal 's development project was announced by Elaine Frontain Bryant , exec vice president and head of programming for A & E at the Television Critics Association press tour on Wednesday in Pasadena , Calif .
Gyllenhaal is attached as an exec producer , along with their Nine Stories producing partner Riva Marker .
“ Riva and I founded Nine Stories to push creative limits , and have found a wonderful partner in A & E with this fascinating series , ” Gyllenhaal said . “ Jim Jones is a complex character — one who has found their way into the collective unconscious . We want to focus on the undeniable magnatism of zealots and the danger of that kind of charisma . A notion not only pertinent to cult leaders but to the geo-political climate of today . ”
The Jim Jones story — which would set the stage for the inaugural season , should the project get greenlit — would focus on their cult , The Peoples Temple of the Disciples of Christ , and chronicle Jones ' path from social leader to deranged spiritual dictator to a group of followers who eventually were involved in the biggest single loss of American life in a deliberate act until the 9/11 terrorist attacks in 2001 . The Jones-led California-based congregation made headlines , shocking the world , when the group moved to Guyana where they created the eponymous infamous Jonestown commune , which in 1978 , was the site of the mass murder and suicide via apparent cyanide poisoning , organized by Jones . The event left more than 900 people dead , including over 300 children , U.S. member of congress Leo Ryan and many journalists .
Related Actors Who Have n't Won an Oscar Off Broadway Review : Jake Gyllenhaal in 'Sea Wall/A Life '
The anthology series marks Gyllenhaal 's first foray into television producing . The “ Southpaw ” star previously served as a producer on their films “ Nightcrawler ” and “ End of Watch . ”
As of May 2015 , the unemployment rate for people with disabilities in the United States is just over 10 percent . That 's nearly double the unemployment rate for people without disabilities , according to the U.S. Department of Labor . Of course , many factors contribute to this statistic , but The Mighty wanted to learn about what programs are already available that specialize in assisting people with special needs in finding employment .
We spoke with Keri Castaneda , Chief Program Officer of AbilityFirst , a program in Pasadena , California that offers services for people with varying intellectual and physical abilities . We also talked to Sarah Duplessis , the Program Director for Food for Good Thought in Columbus , Ohio . Food for Good Thought provides job training and support for people with autism and offers supported employment at its gluten-free bakery .
We asked Castaneda and Duplessis about the step-by-step process each of their respective programs goes through to help their clients with disabilities find jobs . Then , we compiled what we learned into the infographic below . *
If you have a disability or special needs and are looking for a job , here 's how an employment agency can help .
* The process each employment agency uses may vary from program to program .
To learn more about how programs can help people with disabilities find jobs , visit the AbilityFirst and Food for Good Thought websites .
Related : 7 Tips for People With Special Needs Looking for a Job
Want to end the stigma around disability ? Like us on Facebook .
And sign up for what we hope will be your favorite thing to read at night .
JENNIFER McDERMOTT Associated Press PAWTUCKET , R.I. ( AP ) — Welding is n't just for aircraft carriers anymore . The U.S. Navy could be turning to ultrasonic welding to make its uniforms lighter , stronger and cheaper . And if the…
JENNIFER McDERMOTT
Associated Press
PAWTUCKET , R.I. ( AP ) — Welding is n't just for aircraft carriers anymore .
The U.S. Navy could be turning to ultrasonic welding to make its uniforms lighter , stronger and cheaper . And if the project by a Rhode Island company and the Navy Clothing and Textile Research Facility is a success , it could help bring manufacturing back from overseas .
Welded seams — created when two pieces of fabric are essentially melted together by sound waves — are already used in some clothing that some Americans have in their closets . Patagonia and North Face both sell models of jackets with welded seams . But so far , most , if not all , of that manufacturing is done overseas .
Propel LLC is trying to figure out how to make one of the Navy 's more expensive and challenging garments to assemble — the Navy parka , which it buys for $ 190.50 each — without stitches . It has spent the past year testing welded seams , adhesive techniques and other bonds using a federal grant from the Navy .
“ This was a good way for us to start to get an understanding of what the current state of the art is , ” said Cleveland Heath , the technical program manager at the Navy facility in Natick , Massachusetts .
Current garment assembly methods can be cumbersome and costly , Heath said . Different kinds of stitches are used and garments have to be moved from sewing machine to sewing machine as they are formed . One welded seam could replace several stitch types and the sewing machines associated with them , they said .
The seam is a garment 's weak point , said Propel president Clare King . Using a needle and thread creates tiny holes that air and water can permeate , taping a seam to cover the holes adds weight .
The welded seams have proven to be lightweight , flexible and waterproof , King said .
“ We have a lot of opportunity to improve the garments and also effect change at the factory level , ” King said . “ Some of these technologies have been used in factories overseas but we have no knowledge base here of how to do them or how to implement them . ”
Seams are welded on some large tents , liners and other specialty industrial fabrics , but not on typical , casual clothing . For the Navy project , King consulted Patagonia , whose M10 jacket has welded seams and is made in Vietnam .
Joe Vernachio , a vice president at The North Face , said they know of only four or five factories overseas that weld seams for apparel . The military is required by law to manufacture all uniforms in the United States . Military uniform sales totaled $ 1.76 billion in fiscal 2014 , according to the Defense Logistics Agency . The agency purchased nearly 44,000 Navy working uniform parkas that year .
Seams that are welded are typically straight lines , not ones that turn corners , and it 's expensive to use this method , Vernachio added .
Few garment manufacturers are welding seams now , mainly because the easiest and cheapest way to make an article of clothing is still by sewing it , said Augustine Tantillo , president of the National Council of Textile Organizations . It has been too daunting to try to develop a machine at a low cost that performs as well as a skilled sewer , they added .
But if the technology could be developed and perfected for the military , it could seep over into the commercial market , Tantillo said .
There is precedent for such spillover : A synthetic alternative to goose down that was developed for the U.S. Army , PrimaLoft , is now widely used in outwear and bedding .
Finding ways to bring more manufacturing back to the U.S. is appealing to many retailers because the turnaround time is quicker when fashion trends change , and many consumers prefer goods made in America , said Harold Sirkin , a manufacturing expert at the Boston Consulting Group .
They believe they 'd order more if the prices were competitive with markets overseas where workers are paid far less , especially now that labor costs are rising in Asia and oil and transportation costs are high .
Sirkin and Tantillo were intrigued by the Navy project and the potential it holds .
“ If this technology works for them , it will probably work in other parts of the cut and sew business , ” Sirkin said . “ It 's far from proven , but if it works , it may change things . ”
Heath , of the Navy 's research facility , said it 's too soon to say whether Navy sailors will wear welded clothes one day . But , they said , it 's important for the Navy to save taxpayer dollars and these technologies could do that .
“ We 're encouraged by the prospects of introducing a welded-seamed garment to the Navy and potentially offering this technology to other military services , with the added benefit of fortifying the U.S. industrial base , ” they said .
The next step for Propel is to apply for another grant to continue its research and test the durability of the seams in the field , King said .
King said the work is “ tremendously exciting , ” especially because there are other technologies in development to assemble clothes in new ways .
“ I strongly believe this is just the beginning , ” they said .
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Pope Francis talks with journalists as they fly back to Rome from Brazil . Francis , who was in South America for Worth Youth Day , reached out to gays Monday , saying they would n't judge priests for their sexual orientation in a remarkably open and wide-ranging news conference , as they returned from their first foreign trip .
July 29 , 2013 Pope Francis talks with journalists as they fly back to Rome from Brazil . Francis , who was in South America for Worth Youth Day , reached out to gays Monday , saying they would n't judge priests for their sexual orientation in a remarkably open and wide-ranging news conference , as they returned from their first foreign trip . Luca Zennaro/Reuters
Pope Francis makes their first trip abroad since being elected pontiff in March . They are in Brazil for World Youth Day celebrations .
Pope Francis makes their first trip abroad , to Brazil for World Youth Day celebrations , since being elected pontiff in March .
Pope Francis makes their first trip abroad , to Brazil for World Youth Day celebrations , since being elected pontiff in March .
They started Thursday with the poorest of the poor , people living in ramshackle homes near open sewage in Rio 's northern fringe . And they ended the day in one of the world 's most exclusive enclaves , on the glitzy beach of world-famous Copacabana .
But Pope Francis 's message was the same : Do n't let money and greed steal your soul ; they can only “ bring the illusion of being happy . ”
“ All together — show your faith ! ” the 76-year-old pontiff said at night before a crowd that local television commentators estimated at 1 million on the white sand of Copacabana . “ Show your hope . Show love . ”
They called faith “ revolutionary ” and asked : “ Are you ready to ride this wave of revolution of faith ? ”
For many of the overjoyed faithful , the pontiff has started a revolution of their own — to reform a church many believe is staid and out of touch and to give voice to young people here in Brazil and as far away as Europe who are dissatisfied with their lives .
1 of 28 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Pope Francis : Acts of humility View Photos The new prelate is rewriting the rules in their first year at the Vatican . Here are a few of Francis 's symbolic changes . Caption The pope 's actions are changing the rules at the Vatican . March 24 , 2016 Pope Francis performs a foot-washing ritual at the Castelnuovo di Porto refugee center near Rome . Osservatore Romano/AFP via Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
“ The truth is that he 's the pope of a new time and is opening up a church , opening up a new church to everyone , ” said Carlos Subelza , 28 , a seminarian from northern Argentina . “ He does what they say , and that wins them supporters . ”
Lucas de Sousa Montes , 17 , a high school student from northern Brazil , said he , too , thought the church would be transformed . “ The pope came to revolutionize the church , ” they said . “ He came to fix what was wrong . ”
The crowd at Copacabana — mostly people in their teens and early 20s , among the throngs from nearly 180 countries here for the biennial World Youth Day for young Catholics — was markedly different from the one that came out to see the pope at Rio 's Varginha slum in the morning .
Those in Varginha were poor , working-class , even from the underclass ; and they watched , astonished , as Francis visited a speck of a Catholic chapel , held up a scarf they had been given bearing the name of their favorite Argentine soccer club and stopped to bless overjoyed people in the crowd .
The pope then strode into the modest home of a local family .
The throngs of faithful — as well as the many evangelicals in Varginha — could barely contain themselves as the smiling pontiff again showed their populist side on the fourth day of their historic visit to Brazil , the world 's biggest Catholic country .
“ He 's so calm among the people there , ” marveled a commentator for the Globo TV network as the pope visited with the family after their stop in the San Jeronimo Emiliani chapel . “ What 's it like for people in that home ? What might they do — offer them a cup of coffee ? ”
Wearing a plain white cassock , the pope then mounted a stage on a soccer pitch and told residents they had hoped to visit “ all the barrios of the city . ”
“ I wanted to come knock on all doors , ask for a fresh glass of water , drink a coffee — not cachaca , ” they said to laughs from the crowd , referring to the local hot beverage made from fermented sugar cane .
“ Brazil is so big , it is not possible to knock on every door , ” the pope went on . “ So I chose to come here , to visit your community , a community that represents all the barrios of Brazil . ”
Francis has become known as the “ slum pope , ” not just because of their advocacy for the downtrodden during their four months as pontiff but also because of their fearlessness in entering the “ misery villages , ” as shantytowns are known , in their native Buenos
Aires . As archbishop of that city , they sent priests into the neighborhoods , and those who have closely followed their career say they allowed them to engage in the kind of activism that some in the Vatican hierarchy , most prominently their predecessor as pope , did not openly support .
Francis 's larger plan is to strengthen the church in Brazil , where millions have migrated from Catholicism to evangelicalism in recent years , by bolstering support for the poor . A poll published Sunday in the São Paulo newspaper Folha was sobering for the Brazilian church hierarchy and the Vatican : Only 57 percent of Brazilians age 16 or older identify as Catholic , down from well over 90 percent in the 1960s .
In their remarks in Varginha , the pope criticized the “ culture of selfishness and individualism , ” spoke of how the wealthy need to do more to end social injustice and told residents to “ never yield to discouragement ” because of corruption .
They also praised the poor for the solidarity they show toward one another , saying such gestures can be a “ great lesson for the world . ”
And they stressed to the people of Varginha that they are on their side .
“ The church offers its collaboration on all initiatives that lead to the development of all people , ” they said . “ The church is with you . The pope is with you . ”
Hours later , speaking under a rainy sky in Copacabana , the pope 's message to the faithful was less political and more centered on the importance of believing in Jesus . “ He is a friend who does not defraud , ” the pope said .
Some young Brazilians spoke of how they want to see the pope , who has over the months shown they are an advocate of social justice , speak forcefully about what they consider the deep problems with the Brazilian political and economic model . Brazilians hit the streets by the hundreds of thousands in June , demonstrating against everything from corruption to shoddy bus service to high taxes and inflation .
“ I hope they take a strong posture , ” said Cris Amorim , 25 , a teacher who spoke about how irate they are over the country 's corruption . “ The pope is here to lead on these kinds of issues . ”
With three days left in their trip to Brazil , the pope still has several events at which they can widely disseminate their position , if they choose , on those kinds of issues to their young followers .
Juliana Montesso , 36 , a nutritionist here , said they believe the pope can have an impact .
“ The pope has come to show that evil can not win and that people who cheat and who are corrupt can not win , ” they said . “ The pope is a chief of state and a religious leader , and they do what other chiefs of state and religious leaders can not do . ”
After going on a tirade week several weeks ago regarding `` funny money , '' it appears Nate Diaz has changed their tune .
The TUF 5 winner and longtime lightweight competitor recently spoke out regarding their supposed contract issues with the UFC , as well their problem with fighting for `` chump change . ''
`` I 'm ready to fight but not for some funny money that they 're trying to give me , '' Diaz told MMAFighting.com . `` They can let me go or they can let me fight , but let me do something . They know I need to make some money . I feel like they 're just trying to keep me on the waiting list . I do n't even want to communicate through anybody . If they want to figure out what 's going on , we should talk . No one is contacting me . I 'm just doing my thing . Training every day . I 'm ready to fight tomorrow. ``
UFC President Dana White spoke with members of the media following UFC 172 , where they mentioned in their traditional scrum that while they had not reached out to Nate Diaz , they believe that matchmaker Joe Silva did and had claimed that Daiz was ready to fight again .
`` I did n't [ speak with Nate ] , '' they said . `` [ But ] I think Joe Silva did and Nate said he 's ready to fight , so , they told Joe to call him . ''
It would appear that Diaz 's disgruntlement stems from teammate Gilbert Melendez 's matched Bellator contract , which saw the UFC give them a significant amount of incentives to secure the signing .
The one-time title challenger is coming off a knockout win over Gray Maynard back in November , yet has not fought since then . Their brother Nick has also been on an self-inflicted hiatus from the promotion , as they have not fought for over a year since their UFC 158 loss to Georges St-Pierre .
White confirmed that while there was potential to see Nate in the octagon again soon , that was unlikely to be the case for Nick .
`` No Nick . Nick 's got a lot of money , man . I think Nick 's just going to kick back until they have to fight . ''
While words alone are powerful , the inflections of people 's voices , the gestures and expressions we unconsciously flow through during conversation all contain a wealth of information often lost to us in our technology driven communications . Using Twilio 's Video API you can now add the richness of face to face interactions to any web project . Here we 'll look at how to create a Laravel web application that gives users the ability to join existing video groups or create their own . You can preview what we 're building here . Assumptions This walkthrough assumes you have a PHP development environment setup with git installed , a global installation of composer , and which enables you to access your project through a browser using localhost or virtual hosts . You will also want to gather some information beforehand : Your Twilio Account SID & Token
Your Twilio Video API Key and Secret
An empty database named “ video ” Getting Started We 're going to set up video groups on top of a Laravel 5.5 installation with basic auth and a couple of dependencies : twilio/sdk and laravelcollective/html . We 'll be using the master branch of this repo as a starting place . If you would like to look at the completed project , checkout that repo 's complete branch . From the command line , in the directory where you keep your project folders , run : git clone https : //github.com/mstaples/LaravelTwilioVideoGroups.git VideoGroupChat Move into our new project directory .
cd ~/VideoGroupChat Next we 'll use composer to install dependencies . Then we 'll make sure our storage and cache directories are writeable , create our .env from the example , and generate our project key using the following commands :
composer install
chmod -R 775 storage/
chmod -R 775 bootstrap/cache
cp .env.example .env
php artisan key : generate Open your new .env file . Update the DB_USERNAME and DB_PASSWORD values if your setup does n't match the defaults . Then to generate our database structure we run :
php artisan migrate You 'll also notice we are connecting to the “ video ” mysql database . If you run into an error that this database does not exist , you can create it and then run the migration command again : mysql -u username
create database video ;
# EXIT mysql
php artisan migrate Private Account Information Okay now let 's replace the placeholder values for our .env variables :
TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID=your-account-sid
TWILIO_ACCOUNT_TOKEN=your-account-token
TWILIO_API_KEY=your-video-api-key
TWILIO_API_SECRET=your-video-api-secret For this information to be useable within the Laravel application , the config/services.php file includes the following section :
return [ // other array elements exist here 'twilio ' = > [ 'sid ' = > env ( 'TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID ' ) , 'token ' = > env ( 'TWILIO_ACCOUNT_TOKEN ' ) , 'key ' = > env ( 'TWILIO_API_KEY ' ) , 'secret ' = > env ( 'TWILIO_API_SECRET ' ) ] ] ;
Now , as an example , if we need to access our Twilio account SID inside the application we would use config ( 'services.twilio.sid ' ) . Create Routes Only three new routes are needed for our project : One for handling our default page where users may select an existing video group or name a new one
A second route for joining an existing Video group
And a third for creating a new group from a user submitted name . In routes/web.php let 's remove the route to the welcome view and add the following lines :
Route : : get ( '/ ' , `` VideoRoomsController @ index '' ) ; Route : : prefix ( 'room ' ) - > middleware ( 'auth ' ) - > group ( function ( ) { Route : : get ( 'join/ { roomName } ' , 'VideoRoomsController @ joinRoom ' ) ; Route : : post ( 'create ' , 'VideoRoomsController @ createRoom ' ) ; } ) ;
Create the Project Controller In the app/Http/Controllers directory , create a new file named VideoRoomsController.php . Inside this new file , create a VideoRoomsController class with the dependencies we 'll use :
< ? php namespace AppHttpControllers ; use IlluminateHttpRequest ; use TwilioRestClient ; use TwilioJwtAccessToken ; use TwilioJwtGrantsVideoGrant ; class VideoRoomsController extends Controller { }
Inside the new class add four protected variables to hold your Twilio account and API information , then define these variables in your __construct ( ) method .
protected $ sid ; protected $ token ; protected $ key ; protected $ secret ; public function __construct ( ) { $ this - > sid = config ( 'services.twilio.sid ' ) ; $ this - > token = config ( 'services.twilio.token ' ) ; $ this - > key = config ( 'services.twilio.key ' ) ; $ this - > secret = config ( 'services.twilio.secret ' ) ; }
The rest of the controller class will be made up of three methods to match our three project routes : index , createRoom , and joinRoom . Our index method will request a list of video rooms associated with our account credentials , then return that list to an index view which we 'll create later .
public function index ( ) { $ rooms = [ ] ; try { $ client = new Client ( $ this - > sid , $ this - > token ) ; $ allRooms = $ client - > video - > rooms - > read ( [ ] ) ; $ rooms = array_map ( function ( $ room ) { return $ room - > uniqueName ; } , $ allRooms ) ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { echo `` Error : `` . $ e - > getMessage ( ) ; } return view ( 'index ' , [ 'rooms ' = > $ rooms ] ) ; }
The createRoom method will take a room name from the posted form request . We 'll check to see if a room by that name already exists . If there is no room by that name , we 'll create one . Whether the room is new or not , we then send the user to joinRoom with that room name specified .
public function createRoom ( Request $ request ) { $ client = new Client ( $ this - > sid , $ this - > token ) ; $ exists = $ client - > video - > rooms - > read ( [ 'uniqueName ' = > $ request - > roomName ] ) ; if ( empty ( $ exists ) ) { $ client - > video - > rooms - > create ( [ 'uniqueName ' = > $ request - > roomName , 'type ' = > 'group ' , 'recordParticipantsOnConnect ' = > false ] ) ; \ Log : : debug ( `` created new room : `` . $ request - > roomName ) ; } return redirect ( ) - > action ( 'VideoRoomsController @ joinRoom ' , [ 'roomName ' = > $ request - > roomName ] ) ; }
The last method we need to create to complete our controller , joinRoom , creates an access token for the user and the specified room , and then sends that information to the room view we will create later . The room view will use the access token to connect the user with the active Video group .
public function joinRoom ( $ roomName ) { // A unique identifier for this user $ identity = Auth : : user ( ) - > name ; \ Log : : debug ( `` joined with identity : $ identity '' ) ; $ token = new AccessToken ( $ this - > sid , $ this - > key , $ this - > secret , 3600 , $ identity ) ; $ videoGrant = new VideoGrant ( ) ; $ videoGrant - > setRoom ( $ roomName ) ; $ token - > addGrant ( $ videoGrant ) ; return view ( 'room ' , [ 'accessToken ' = > $ token - > toJWT ( ) , 'roomName ' = > $ roomName ] ) ; }
Create the Views We only need two views for this project . We can use Laravel 's default resource/views/welcome.blade.php as a template . Rename welcome.blade.php to index.blade.php . Inside the content class div , find the div with the title class and replace its contents with “ Video Chat Room ” . Then replace the rest of the content div with a simple form for entering a new video group name , followed by a list of links to existing rooms :
< div class = `` content '' > < div class = `` title m-b-md '' > Video Chat Rooms < /div > { ! ! Form : : open ( [ 'url ' = > 'room/create ' ] ) ! ! } { ! ! Form : : label ( 'roomName ' , 'Create or Join a Video Chat Room ' ) ! ! } { ! ! Form : : text ( 'roomName ' ) ! ! } { ! ! Form : : submit ( 'Go ' ) ! ! } { ! ! Form : : close ( ) ! ! } @ if ( $ rooms ) @ foreach ( $ rooms as $ room ) < a href = `` { { url ( '/room/join/'. $ room ) } } '' > { { $ room } } < /a > @ endforeach @ endif < /div >
Make a copy of index.blade.php named room.blade.php . Replace the form and room list in the content div with an empty div with an id of media-div .
< div class = `` content '' > < div class = `` title m-b-md '' > Video Chat Rooms < /div > < div id = `` media-div '' > < /div > < /div >
The core of the work we 'll add to our script block is a series of sequential steps : first creating the user 's local video and audio tracks , then connecting to the group room , and finally initiating participant setup and event listeners .
< ! — Insert just above the < /head > tag — > < script src = `` //media.twiliocdn.com/sdk/js/video/v1/twilio-video.min.js '' > < /script > < script > Twilio . Video . createLocalTracks ( { audio : true , video : { width : 300 } } ) . then ( function ( localTracks ) { return Twilio . Video . connect ( ' { { $ accessToken } } ' , { name : ' { { $ roomName } } ' , tracks : localTracks , video : { width : 300 } } ) ; } ) . then ( function ( room ) { console . log ( 'Successfully joined a Room : ' , room . name ) ; room . participants . forEach ( participantConnected ) ; var previewContainer = document . getElementById ( room . localParticipant . sid ) ; if ( ! previewContainer || ! previewContainer . querySelector ( 'video ' ) ) { participantConnected ( room . localParticipant ) ; } room . on ( 'participantConnected ' , function ( participant ) { console . log ( `` Joining : ' '' participant . identity `` ' '' ) ; participantConnected ( participant ) ; } ) ; room . on ( 'participantDisconnected ' , function ( participant ) { console . log ( `` Disconnected : ' '' participant . identity `` ' '' ) ; participantDisconnected ( participant ) ; } ) ; } ) ; // additional functions will be added after this point < /script >
The above steps reference two methods we 'll need to create : participantConnected and participantDisconnected . The former method is used both to add the audio and video tracks for existing participants to the view and also to add the tracks for new users as they join . The latter method is triggered by participants leaving the group video chat , removing the departing user 's audio and video from the view .
function participantConnected ( participant ) { console . log ( 'Participant `` % s '' connected ' , participant . identity ) ; const div = document . createElement ( 'div ' ) ; div . id = participant . sid ; div . setAttribute ( `` style '' , `` float : left ; margin : 10px ; '' ) ; div . innerHTML = `` < div style='clear : both ' > '' participant . identity `` < /div > '' ; participant . tracks . forEach ( function ( track ) { trackAdded ( div , track ) } ) ; participant . on ( 'trackAdded ' , function ( track ) { trackAdded ( div , track ) } ) ; participant . on ( 'trackRemoved ' , trackRemoved ) ; document . getElementById ( 'media-div ' ) . appendChild ( div ) ; } function participantDisconnected ( participant ) { console . log ( 'Participant `` % s '' disconnected ' , participant . identity ) ; participant . tracks . forEach ( trackRemoved ) ; document . getElementById ( participant . sid ) . remove ( ) ; }
Here you will see references to our final two methods : trackAdded and trackRemoved . In addition to adding video and audio elements , note that we are also using trackAdded to style the video tracks as we add them .
function trackAdded ( div , track ) { div . appendChild ( track . attach ( ) ) ; var video = div . getElementsByTagName ( `` video '' ) [ 0 ] ; if ( video ) { video . setAttribute ( `` style '' , `` max-width:300px ; '' ) ; } } function trackRemoved ( track ) { track . detach ( ) . forEach ( function ( element ) { element . remove ( ) } ) ; }
Demo If we do n't have a web server setup we can run Laravel 's php artisan serve command which leverages PHP 's built-in development web server . From there we can use ngrok to expose our local project to a public url :
ngrok http 80 We can give the resulting “ Forwarding ” url out to some friends to test out our new video conferencing capabilities . Troubleshooting Your project now has all the pieces needed to provide group video chat for users , but what about testing ? What if something does n't work quite right ? There are a few things to know before you get started which may make your troubleshooting tasks easier . Want to check out your project locally ? Unless you are running this project via https or localhost , Chrome will throw blocking errors when your project interacts with Twilio 's Video API , so check it out on Firefox . Do n't want to figure out how to maintain multiple distinct sessions to test out multiple user video tracks ? In the joinRoom method of your VideoRoomsController , change the $ identity variable to be a random number rather than a value unique to the authenticated user :
$ identity = rand ( 3 , 1000 ) ;
This can cause a bit of strangeness since a new entry to the room is created each time you hit the room/join url with the same room name value , but it works sufficiently well to preview your awesome new video project . Logs Take a look at our createRoom and joinRoom controller methods . Each one contains a Log : :debug ( ) message . You can keep an eye on information passed to Laravel 's Log by running the following command from your project root : tail -f storage/logs/laravel.log Now glance over to the JavaScript we just created . You 'll notice several lines with console.log ( ) messages . If you 're just getting started with JavaScript , it 's useful to note that you can watch the output from these lines in your browser 's inspector . In Firefox or Chrome you can access that by right-clicking your page , selecting “ Inspect ” or “ Inspect Element ” and selecting the “ console ” tab . To get even more info in the console , you can add logLevel : 'debug ' to your Twilio.Video.connect options . Success !
Awesome work ! You are now ready to bring your users together for lots of lively face to face conversations ! There are a lot of great next steps you could tackle to expand this project . Let users send out video group invites using your room/join url and Laravel 's email options or Twilio SMS . You could host video presentations and use Twilio 's voice API to record video and audio for attendees to reference later . Using this project as a guide you will be able to offer users in any Laravel project the ability to get together for whatever conversations they need . Customer service , tech support , team plans , or the simple joy of hanging out with friends – your project 's social life just got a lot more interesting . Are you building something awesome for users with Twilio Video ? Have suggestions for Video or Laravel howtos you 'd like to see ? I want to hear about it ! Email : mstaples @ twilio.com
Twitter : @ dead_lugosi
Github : mstaples
Authors Margaret Staples
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
ONE of Europe 's largest cycle paths is set to be created between St Paul 's Cathedral and Notre Dame in Paris .
Councils are planning a 218-mile route from Britain to France in time for the London Olympics in 2012 .
The multi-million pound path would be mostly free of traffic and is already backed by local authorities on both sides of the channel .
Cyclists on the proposed route will head to the coast via Wandsworth and Croydon . Using existing National Cycle Network routes they will pass through Surrey , and West and East Sussex , crossing the channel via ferry from Newhaven and Dieppe .
In France the new `` Avenue Verte '' will follow the route of the former Dieppe to Paris railway line .
Robin Reed , principal transport planner at East Sussex county council , told the Standard that the scheme was in its early stages but was widely supported in Britain and France .
They said : `` It all started when some French officials came to Sussex to look at a cycle track we had built from Polegate to Heathfield , along the abandoned Cuckoo Line railway track . They were impressed and they went back and did the same thing in France , from Dieppe to Forge-les-Eaux . The idea was you could link the two up using the Newhaven to Dieppe ferry . Then it was decided that the whole thing could be expanded . ''
Meetings have been held by the British and French councils involved .
Mr Reed estimates that completing the project to a high standard - including branding the track and putting in signposts in both languages - would cost up to £30 million for the British side alone . `` It is very ambitious , '' they admitted , `` but if it happened it would be a great thing . ''
Officials now need to draw up a detailed route map before seeking funding .
Mr Reed said : `` Realistically none of the authorities has the money to just pay for this , but there is the potential for European Union funding . ''
A spokesperson for Boris Johnson said : `` The Mayor is always keen to hear ideas that might encourage more people to use two wheels or two feet . Transport for London already provides some funding for Avenue Verte . ''
The scheme was also welcomed by cycle campaigners . Tom Bogdanowicz , of the London Cycle Campaign , said : `` In principle we would welcome an addition to the cycle lanes in this country . ''
A spokesperson for Sustrans , the charity which oversees the 10,000-mile National Cycle Network and is involved in developing the route , said it would like to see the project complete by the 2012 Olympics . Darren Johnson , Green member of the London Assembly , said : `` Avenue Verte would be a wonderful addition to London 's Olympic heritage . ''
Proposed route from London to Paris Click image for bigger picture and details
Tour de France and Britain ... what you can see
St Paul 's Cathedral
Magnificent Baroque church and London landmark designed by Sir Christopher Wren in 1673 .
'Cuckoo Line ' railway track
Trail through Horam , Hailsham and Polegate offers views of Sussex countryside and chance to visit Polegate Tower Windmill and Hailsham markets .
Glyndebourne
Spectacular 700-year old country house near Lewes which stages the annual opera festival .
Forest Way Country Park
Route from East Grinstead to Groombridge , near 17thcentury moathouse Groombridge Place .
Neufchâtel-en-Bray
Famous farming town on the banks of the river Béthune .
Notre Dame de Paris
The finest example of Gothic architecture in France . First stone was laid in the 12th century .
Background
I 'm both a console tournament organizer and a new player in the Smash 64 community ( though not a new player in Smash by any means ) , and this is a question that I receive all the time on Twitter , on Facebook , in person at tournaments , on reddit , on streams , you name it , from people who knew me from Brawl and Melee and are following my transition to the older brother in the series . Ever since I started playing this game competitively , my enthusiasm for it has grown like nothing I 've ever played before , and it 's something that friends have told me has inspired them to delve into the game themselves . This is something I would like to spread even further , as 64 is the game that everybody seems to love , and yet nobody seems to play .
Key word being “ seems ” . In truth , the game is well alive and kicking — it 's growing , it 's got a long and rich history , and a unique , talented , interesting , and sometimes eccentric community to boot . Much as we all love Isai to bits , it 's so much more than just the game they dominate at .
Smash 64 's Top 8 at Apex broadcasted to a record number of viewers , and while very few attendees at Apex gave it much attention on the secondary stage , it was one of the most fascinating Top 8 sets the community has ever seen . This top 8 was completely laden with upsets and unforeseen metagame advances , in Smash 64 's biggest North American tournament of all time . In response to this , I tried to think of how we can bring this game 's riveting competitive scene to more Smash players , how we can , as TaFoKiNtS would put it , “ make it more spectator-friendly ” , and I think that starts with making the game and its community accessible to outsiders .
64 has a much smaller scene and following compared especially to Melee and Smash 4 , its console communities mostly being scattered between Ontario , Japan , Peru , Socal , MD/VA , Tristate , Quebec , Iowa , Lousiana , and west coast Canada . A year ago , there were not nearly as many 64 console communities as there are today , and the community needs to keep the ball rolling to keep growing . A big reason for its relative obscurity is its members being a little bit older than the average smasher , and having mostly not caught on to the social media and content production influx that has helped the other Smash installments boom as esports . This is slowly starting to change with recent discussion within the community on how to attract more viewers and competitors , and therefore gain more stream exposure , event interest , and public support . Following that line of thought , this article will attempt to make it easy for you to not only dive right into this game and its scene , but have enough content to keep you satiated and interested .
Gameplay basics
Smash 64 , while sharing the same objective as every other smash game , has some fundamental differences that make it different : it has the highest hitstun , highest shieldstun , only 2 throw directions , 3 specials , no charged smashes , no pummeling , and no spotdodging or airdodging . Tech skill in this game includes Z-cancelling ( equivalent to L-cancelling in PM and Melee ) , its own form of DI ( functionally equivalent to SDI in other games , but also facilitates stage DI , a tech that only exists in 64 ) , floor teching ( but no wall or ceiling teching ) , shield dropping , crouch canceling , and even character-specific techniques like jab-grabbing , parrying , shine cancelling… the list goes on and on . While the game does not have numerically as many input options as more modern Smash games , it maintains incredible depth and complexity that make for a very unique metagame .
A fantastic beginner 's guide to Smash 64 gameplay and advanced techs , as well as a tier list , matchup chart , and tournament ruleset can be found on Smashboards . This thread also is a treasure trove of information for the Smash 64 community , including youtube channels , Break the Targets records , an attack calculator , frame data , and advanced guides for playing online . Additionally , http : //onlinessb.com contains a thorough and extremely helpful repository of hitbox data , gameshark codes , an ELO ranking , and much , much more .
It is always recommended to play on an actual N64 console with a cartridge , rather than on the virtual console version . The latter is subject to random and unpredictable frameskips , much moreso when you use characters like Link or Fox and there are a lot of explosions and lasers flying around . This does n't happen on the original console .
Controllers
One of the biggest barriers I hear from newcomers to 64 is “ I ca n't get used to the controller ! ” Luckily , this game probably has the most available options for controllers out of any Smash installment . Online , you can really use whatever controller you like to play on Project 64 . Many players coming in from Melee , Brawl , PM , and Smash 4 will prefer the gamecube controller ( despite the lack of C-stick support ) , which luckily is also pretty easy to move over to console with if you purchase a GCC-to-N64 adapter .
However , if you use any other kind of controller to play online ( keyboard , xbox controller , ps3 controller , etc ) , moving over to console with your favourite controller is a little more complicated . Because the netplay scene is so huge and alternative controllers are abundant , Karajan created custom lagless universal adapters that translate any USB input to N64 input , so that controller comfort level is no longer a barrier to anyone from playing at their best . They wrote a smashboards post about it , and walked me through it on Skype with a detailed set of instructions . These adapters cost about $ 150 to create , moreso if you want the latest version of the software ( the version linked in these posts works just as well , but is more time-consuming to get up and running ) , and other people wo n't always be able to supply one for you , so you 'd have an easier time using a N64 controller . However , you 're used to what you 're used to , and the community has ways to accommodate you .
If you 're fine with the N64 controller , but had too many drunken friends over playing Mario Party and now have thoroughly unusable joysticks , you 're in luck — a little bit of wheel-bearing grease from any Home Hardware will make most controllers usable . Here are a couple of video guides .
Kitsch-Bent Method to replace gears in worn-out sticks
Another stick repair method ( no gear replacement )
Maintenance guide for good sticks to prevent wear
If this seems like it 's not worth the effort , you can always look around for second-hand ones ! Personally , I have 8 of them that I picked up from game stores and garage sales .
If you 'd like to play online with your N64 controller , you 're going to need an adapter for your PC . Raphnet vs Mayflash vs Retroport is an occasional topic of heated debate in the 64 community , but any one will serve your needs just fine .
You could also pick up a Hori Mini Pad , which is preferred by quite a few players as it functions as well as a N64 controller without the awkward shape , but these are generally hard to find and very expensive .
Where to find opponents
There are plenty of ways you can find people to play Smash 64 with , whether online or in person . Here are a couple of great resources that will get you playing a real human opponent in no time ( and , if you want it enough , start a local console scene of your own ) :
Smash 64 Player Map – Add yourself , and open the Google map to find neighbours !
/r/smashbros ' List of Facebook groups – Join your local Facebook group , and ask if anyone wants to play ! Some regions already have 64-specific groups , but others you might have to ask around for .
Kaillera netplay – A short introductory guide to get set up on Smash 64 netplay . A more detailed guide can be found on Smashboards , and a server list can be found on onlinessb.com .
Anther 's Ladder – The popular PM/Melee/Smash4 matchmaking site now supports Smash 64 ! Get on , practice up , and work your way up the ladder !
Advanced Brackets – Bracket software by Shears and Studstill of the Smash 64 community , contains a list of upcoming tournaments using it . Netplay tournaments are held very often on this site , sometimes more than a few times a week . Anyone is free to join these tournaments so long as they register an account on the site .
/r/smashbros ' Tournament Calendar – Check this calendar periodically to see when the next Smash 64 netplay monthly on /r/smashbros will be .
Where to discuss Smash 64
Although the community is largely hiding away in private Skype chats , there are a few more publicly accessible gathering spots online that are seeing greater use . Here are a few places where you can talk specifically with other Smash 64 players about the game and… well , everything else :
Streams & Social Media
Prog has stated many times that they prefer to call themselves a storyteller rather than a commentator or a caster . As they say about Melee , “ Why do people talk about ‘ the gods ? ' Not just because they are top players , but because they come attached with a compelling storyline . ”
Smash 64 's story is not quite out in the public yet , but it 's getting there . If you want to get to know some of the regular players a little more intimately who have chosen to take up social media , here are some outlets to follow .
SSB64 Streams – Bloodpeach 's resource covering all the regular Smash 64 competitive streams we are aware of .
Salty Streams – Shears ' new stream site featuring a betting feature for virtual currency to unlock more site features ! Can be used for any smash game but is mostly used by 64 players .
Twitter list – A feed of Smash 64 players ' tweets .
You can find plenty more streams , YouTube channels , and other media outlets in the Smash 64 Index on Smashboards .
Hopefully the info in this piece was helpful enough to send you on your way into the game whose initial success would eventually make way for the massive world of Smash Bros that we all enjoy today . Smash 64 is working its way out of the shadows and making itself known for the incredible game its community already knows it to be , and the resources here can help you become a part of the action !
Do n't forget to check out the Apex 2015 Top 8 VODs !
Differences between the US and UK editions of Douglas Adams ' `` Life , the Universe and Everything '' .
Major Spoilers all through !
I feel I might need to point something out ... I got this document off of the net ( or maybe a post ) , so I 'm not the original author . I 've just made it available ... I have no idea who the original author is , so if that person would like to drop me a line , I 'll put the credit on it .
Thanks !
The differences between the US and UK editions are more than can be called `` minor '' . Sure , there are `` small '' changes ( presumably due to some editor believing Americans to be more gentle and tender than the rough barbarian English ... ) but there are a couple of * major * differences ( one of which has been beaten to death here before but what the Hell ! )
Like , what 's the purpose of changing the chapter numbering ? This way we have readers from both sides of the Atlantic giving chapter references which can never be reconciled .
So , here follows a list of the differences I 've found . I 've used two paperback editions - UK `` Pan '' from 1982 and US `` Pocket '' from 1983 .
Chapter numbers :
Since the `` Important fact '' at the end of US chapter 2 constitutes a chapter in itself in the UK edition and UK chapter 5 is missing from the US edition ( see below ) , UK ch 4 = > US ch 3 and UK ch 6 to 21 = > US ch 5 to 19 . UK ch 22 , however , encompasses US ch 20 through 22 , so that from ch 23 they are back in sync again . All up 'til the end where UK `` Epilogue : Life , the Universe and Everything '' is blandly labelled `` Chapter 34 '' in the US .
Differences in actual wording :
Two occurrences of `` Asshole '' have been changed to `` Kneebiter '' ( insults from Wowbagger and little boy in cricket match )
UK chapter 5 is missing completely from the US edition .
Important facts from Galactic history , number two : ( Reproduced from the _Sidereal Daily Mentioner 's Book of Popular Galactic History_ . ) Since this Galaxy began , vast civilizations have risen and fallen , risen and fallen , risen and fallen so often that it 's quite tempting to think that life in the Galaxy must be ( a ) something akin to seasick - space-sick , time sick , history sick or some such thing , and ( b ) stupid .
In chapter UK 22/US 21 ( just before the `` Belgium '' mixup , see below ) , `` shit '' has been changed to `` swut '' .
In US chapter 31 , page 195 , there occurs what I think must be a genuine typo . UK phrasing ( page 139 ) :
'the odds against it intersecting with the orbit of the one planet in the Galaxy , or the whole of the Universe as far as I know , that would be totally traumatized to see it . '
has come across :
`` the odds against its intersecting with the orbit of the one planet in the Galaxy or with the whole or the Universe , as far as I know would be totally staggering . ''
Can anyone make sense of that latter paragraph ?
'the odds against it intersecting with the orbit of the one planet in the Galaxy , or the whole of the Universe as far as I know , that would be totally traumatized to see it . ' has come across : `` the odds against its intersecting with the orbit of the one planet in the Galaxy or with the whole or the Universe , as far as I know would be totally staggering . '' Can anyone make sense of that latter paragraph ? Finally , the greatest Belgium-up of all time . Original UK phrasing ( page 114 ) : 'The Most Gratuitous Use Of The Word `` Fuck '' In A Serious Screenplay . It 's very prestigious . '
' I see ' , said Arthur , 'yes , and what do you get for that ? ' Has been filled out to become :
`` The Most Gratuitous Use of the Word `` Belgium '' in a Serious Screenplay . It 's very prestigious . ''
`` The most gratuitous use of which word ? '' asked Arthur , with a determined attempt to keep their brain in neutral .
`` Belgium , '' said the girl , `` I hardly like to say it . ''
`` Belgium ? '' exclaimed Arthur .
A drunken seven-toed sloth staggered past , gawked at the word and threw itself backward at a blurry-eyed pterodactyl , roaring with displeasure .
`` Are we talking , '' said Arthur , `` about the very flat country , with all the EEC and the fog ? ''
`` What ? '' said the girl .
`` Belgium , '' said Arthur .
`` Raaaaaarrrchchchchch ! '' screeched the pterodactyl .
`` Grrruuuuuurrrghhhh , '' agreed the seven-toed sloth .
`` They must be thinking of Ostend Hoverport , '' muttered Arthur . They turned back to the girl .
`` Have you ever been to Belgium in fact ? '' they asked brightly and they nearly hit him .
`` I think , '' they said , restraining herself , `` that you should restrict that sort of remark to something artistic . ''
`` You sound as if I just said something unspeakable rude . ''
`` You did . ''
In today 's modern Galaxy there is of course very little still held to be unspeakable . Many words and expressions which only a matter of decades ago were considered so distastefully explicit that , were they merely to be breathed in public , the perpetrator would be shunned , barred from polite society , and in extreme cases shot through the lungs , are now thought to be very healthy and proper , and their use in everyday speech and writing is seen as evidence of a well-adjusted , relaxed and totally un * * * * ed-up personality .
So , for instance , when in a recent national speech the Financial Minister of the Royal World Estate of Quarlvista actually dared to say that due to one thing and another and the fact that no one had made any food for a while and the king seemed to have died and most of the population had been on holiday now for over three years , the economy was now in what they called `` one whole joojooflop situation , '' everyone was so pleased that they felt able to come out and say it that they quite failed to note that their entire five-thousand-year-old civilization had just collapsed overnight .
But even though words like `` joojooflop , '' `` swut , '' and `` turlingdrome '' are now perfectly acceptable in common usage there is one word that is still beyond the pale . The concept it embodies is so revolting that the publication or broadcast of the word is utterly forbidden in all parts of the Galaxy except for use in Serious Screenplays . There is also , or _was_ , one planet where they did n't know what it meant , the stupid turlingdro- mes .
`` I see , '' said Arthur , who did n't , `` so what do you get for using the name of a perfectly innocent if slightly dull European country gratuitously in a Serious Screenplay ? ''
When the debate about editing/censorship started in this forum a few weeks ago , I felt inclined to interpret the changes in a generous mind - that they were really an improvement ; that one fairly flat joke hinged upon a four-letter-word was replaced with a long and quite funny side-track . After comparing the exact wording , however , I must say that I find that `` censorship '' springs to mind again . The phrase :
'The Most Gratuitous Use Of The Word `` Fuck '' In A Serious Screenplay . It 's very prestigious . '
is clearly a strong slap in the face of the entire 'Oscar ' award system . Note the capitalization throughout . The re-wording for the US edition with the changes in type-setting gets a totally different flavour :
`` The Most Gratuitous Use of the Word `` Belgium '' in a Serious Screenplay . It 's very prestigious . ''
Not only does this wording avoid the usage of the word `` fuck '' which , presumably , could have been offensive to some people , but it also introduces a great deal of confusion which takes the pressure away from the awarding system and instead makes us chuckle at Ostend Hoverport . The decisive evidence , however , comes when the word `` unfucked-up '' is written `` un * * * * ed-up '' . That is the dead give-away that the entire change is due to the fear of `` moral judgement '' . Even in the BBC radio broadcasts , the narrator said `` unfucked-up '' , clearly and explicitly ( remember , though , that in the radio shows this passage came in an entirely different context ) . Taken together with the changing of `` asshole '' and `` shit '' into `` kneebiter '' and `` swut '' , I find it clearly shown that we do indeed have what has been called `` The Most Gratuitous Use of Censorship in a Popular Book '' .
So , what can we do about it ? Not a whole lot , I suspect . Except possibly try to spread the word about it and put pressure on the editors by letting them know we object to such changes .
In a recent posting about Robert Heinlein , we were told that new editions of several older books were due with previously omitted passages re-instated ( 50 000 words in _SiaSL_ ? ? ? ! ! ! ) This is all very nice , but why were they cut out in the first place ? I for one strongly object to this ( or any ) kind of censorship and I find it quite appalling that it goes on , even today !
[ ... ]
Add in another one . In the UK , it sounds like a hundred thousand people are saying `` wop . '' In the US , that becomes `` whop , '' no doubt because the first form is most commonly used as derogatory ethnic slang .
[ Ed . note : ] And yet another one ! In the UK version of THHGTTG , it mentions Earth orbiting the sun at a distance of roughly 92 million miles , while in the US edition the sum is displayed as roughly 98 million miles . Why that would need to be changed I can hardly fathom , but as it is , so it is ... Also , in the UK version , when Arthur and Ford rematerialize at the cricket match , a man drops dead of a heart attack ( Agrajagg ) - this has been removed ( inexplicably ) from the US version .
Officers from the University of Arkansas Police Department are searching for clues they hope will lead them to the man who they believe committed a hate crime on campus over the weekend .
Advertisement Police investigate hate crime at University of Arkansas Authorities looking for a man Share Copy Link Copy
Officers from the University of Arkansas Police Department are searching for clues they hope will lead them to the man who they believe committed a hate crime on campus over the weekend.Police said they got the call just before the 3 a.m. Sunday.Authorities said someone made racist comments through an open window to two people inside the Garland House.The Garland House also serves as the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity house during the school year. “ This is considered a hate crime , ” Capt . Gary Crain said.Crain said the man 's comments were “ based on their idea of what their race was. ” Crain said the Garland House is currently serving as home for a group of about 25 young professionals from Africa.They are part of the Young African Leaders Initiative , a six-week exchange program. “ It was dark outside , ” Crain said . “ They did n't get a good look at the individual. ” Crain said authorities have not identified any suspects. “ We 're conducting interviews , contacting individuals that might possibly have any information , ” they said.Gwamaka Kifukwe is a fellow of the Young African Leaders Initiative . They are from Tanzania. “ This is not a representation of Fayetteville , the University of Arkansas or the state of Arkansas , ” they said . “ We 're happy with the way it 's being handled and do not wish to draw additional attention to it . That 's the sentiment shared by the Fellows. ” The university issued a statement on Tuesday : “ The University of Arkansas was surprised and saddened to learn of this harassment and hope that this single act of intolerance does n't negatively impact what was otherwise a valuable and enriching opportunity for both the fellows and the university . This attitude is not reflective of the U of A community or our community at large . We believe in inclusion and tolerance and regularly welcome guests from near and afar. ” The university 's Police Department said they will have extra patrols near the Garland House for the duration of the African leaders ' stay.Police said if a suspect is found , they could face criminal mischief and harassment charges .
[ T ] he national debt at the time was under $ 8 trillion and was $ 8.67 trillion when Nancy Pelosi became Speaker , Today the debt stands at $ 14.625 , meaning that while Democrats controlled the purse string , the national debt literally exploded . We are living in different times . Majority Leader Cantor , Whip [ Kevin ] McCarthy and Chairman [ Paul ] Ryan wrote an entire book last year about how the previous Republican majority lost its way , particularly on spending issues . That was one of the major reasons the Republican majority became the Republican minority from 2006-2010 . House Republicans then ran , and won , an election pledging to be responsible flight attendants of federal tax dollars .
People and families affected by these disasters will certainly get what they need from their federal government . The goal should always be to find ways to pay for what is needed or to find offsets whenever possible , that is the responsible thing to do . Is the suggestion that Congress should completely ignore the $ 14 trillion debt and make no effort to try to pay for things ? That seems quite extreme . People also expect their government to spend their dollars wisely , and to make efforts to prioritize and save when possible . They are n't and should n't be considered mutually exclusive concepts .
The concluding session of the Bitcoin Finance 2014 Conference and Expo ( Bitfin ) featured a wide-ranging , high-level discussion on bitcoin 's future that included prominent figures from the bitcoin world and elsewhere .
The panellists were Max Keiser , the host of The Keiser Report , which airs on Russia Today ; Elizabeth Rossiello , chief executive of the Kenyan remittance company BitPesa ; Rainey Reitman , activism director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , a non-profit focused on civil liberties in the digital world ; Jay Bregman , CEO of taxi-hailing app Hailo ; and Greg Brockman , chief technology officer at payments services company Stripe .
Michael Terpin , managing director of social media marketing firm Social Radius , moderated the panel , titled ‘ Evolution or Revolution ? ' . The panellists were to discuss the question of whether bitcoin would “ fundamentally change money and the global financial system ” .
The empire strikes back
Perhaps the most interesting spell of discussion came towards the end of the almost hour-long session . Terpin posed the provocative question of how the “ empire would strike back ” . That is , how would the incumbents in the current financial system potentially limit or impede the growth of decentralised currencies like bitcoin ?
Reitman , of the EFF , described a future for the cryptocurrency that would see it be gradually overwhelmed by “ small bits ” of regulation , rather than a dramatic , sweeping move by a government or large financial institution , saying :
“ What I suspect is going to happen first is that we 're going to see small bits of regulatory pieces work their way into existing laws [ … ] What other little pieces of regulation are they going to stick in [ that could create ] particular limitations on bitcoin ? ”
Dangers of consumer demand
Reitman also warned that a growing demand for simplified , convenient bitcoin-based products and the entrepreneurs and investors supplying them could ironically sound the death knell for bitcoin . They highlighted consumer demand for familiar financial products and the guarantees that come with them , citing debit and credit cards as examples :
“ Big players trying to move into this space , offering super-simple , consumer-oriented services that offer , for example , the same kind of consumer protections that people have come to expect with debit cards and credit cards [ … ] would create a kind of environment that is centralised and is everything that is wrong with the existing financial systems . ”
Reitman further underlined the seriousness of a consumer-driven threat to bitcoin , saying that the danger was imminent .
“ I 'm not talking 10 years from now . I 'm talking two years from now , ” they said .
Financial panic
Hailo CEO Jay Bregman painted a slightly more dramatic picture of central authorities creating a financial panic that would cause people to stop using bitcoin . They drew on their personal experience running a company that served banks during the financial crisis of 2008 as an example of the sort of widespread fear that could cause mass abandonment of the cryptocurrency .
“ I was in London during the financial crisis , ” they said . “ I was scared and so were lots of other people [ … ] The best thing you can ever do to try and quell any large sea-change in your market is to precipitate that kind of fear . One way is to exploit holes in the infrastructure itself . You get things like Gox . ”
They also described an alternative scenario where bitcoin would be allowed to grow in popularity , only to have a calamity befall it , where some central authority would ride to the rescue :
“ The alternative is [ … ] let bitcoin get so big and then precipitate a crisis based on that . And then you say , ‘ Look , this is why you need us : you need us because we 're the guys who keep finance going ' . I believe that 's the thing that people should be on the lookout for . ”
Keiser on bitcoin 's future
The panel also discussed more optimistic possible futures for bitcoin . When asked what they thought would be the next inflection point for bitcoin , Max Keiser said a major banking meltdown would provide an opening for the cryptocurrency ; that the dollar would eventually be replaced as the global reserve currency , and that a cryptocurrency could be a candidate .
“ The next battleground will be in the next major crisis in the banking sector . If you have a situation like we 've seen with BNP being forced to pay a nine billion fine [ … ] that 's outright extortion , ” they said , referring to the fine issued to French bank BNP Paribas over alleged US sanctions violations .
Keiser summed up the panel 's consensus that the existing financial system , centred on large banks and their business models , needed fixing .
“ Banks are so tied to this business model of fraud , there is no room for legal behaviour in banking , ” they said .
Dublin images via Shutterstock
Posted 2011-06-22 , evaluated by the judges panel
Uumph ... NEW HOUSE = TONS OF WORK . Anna and I recently closed on our dream house , which is currently being painted & renovated , but all the packing , financing , and coordination takes a lot out of you . Hence the mixpost drought over the weekend & my general scarcity ... should be awesome when it 's done , though ! In the meantime , here 's a different kind of awesome - Kirby Ska ! The OverClocked Plaid Muffins , a ReMixer supergroup with MANY familiar faces , make their debut with this alternate version off the yet-to-be-released Kirby Superstar album Milky Way Wishes . Arek 's got it under control , people - it 's gon na happen . Frontman S. Bortz writez :
`` Wow . This has been one of the longest-running remixes I 've ever been a part of . When it first started , it was just me and some funny lyrics trying to make a ska song . I posted it up on the OCR WIP forums in November of last year to an OVERWHELMING response to the song , most of which was insisting of putting live brass in the song . I originally just wanted a better singer than myself , but as a result , the The OverClocked Plaid Muffins was formed . Forged in the mighty brass , mixing , voices , and guitar strings of at least 8 remixers ( it 's a somewhat-changing rotation of roles ) , this is our first song together . Let 's start with who did what on this track , shall we ? Level 99 = Arrangement , Lyrics , Guitars , Drums , Mixing and Mastering
= Arrangement , Lyrics , Guitars , Drums , Mixing and Mastering PrototypeRaptor = Brass Arrangement , Arrangement , Trombone
= Brass Arrangement , Arrangement , Trombone LuIzA = Vocals ( ALL the vocals ) , Mixing and Mastering
= Vocals ( ALL the vocals ) , Mixing and Mastering Swann = Trumpets
= Trumpets Xenon Odyssey = Tenor Saxophone
= Tenor Saxophone Cyril the Wolf = Alto Saxophone
= Alto Saxophone AMT = Bass Guitar
= Bass Guitar Avaris = Mixing and Mastering There was a huge effort to get this all together and as tight as possible . Every person involved gave it everything they had . The ska style is heavily influenced by the band Streetlight Manifesto . And so that 's about all I have to say for this track . Nearly the entire song is based on or around source . Enjoy and look forward to more from the group in the future ! And make sure to check out the dirty version on the upcoming Milkyway Wishes project ! ''
Very first thoughts : DAMN SON ( S ) ! BRASS/SAX WORK IS AWESOME ! Next thought : OMG LUIZA VOCALS ! Ska sometimes rubs me the wrong way , usually because of vocals that sound less punk and more frat-guy , but I 'm totally , 110 % sold on the attitude , the humor , and the rude , in-your-face , don't-give-a-shit sneer & sheer velocity of LuIza 's vocals . Definitely , without question , the right gal for the job - they tie the track together better than the Dude 's rug did their room .
The track is epic , folks .
It also , like navi 's modern Parappa classic , makes me really hungry - lyrics are chock full o ' awesome , decadent engorging . This is n't just ANY buffet .... this is I have n't eaten in 24 hrs. , came to get down , all-you-can-eat , VEGAS hotel buffet . Tip of the hat there goes to Stevo , as well as for the arrangement , but PrototypeRaptor 's contributions in that arena are pretty badass as well : part-writing is great , and sells the genre lock , stock , and barrel . PR is just a scary dude to be crankin ' out epic electronica mixes and then throw down some tbone & brass arrangement like that . Guitar , drums , bass , both saxes ... it all clicks . Avaris also deserves kudos - with so many parts , from different artists , I 'm sure mixing & mastering this was no small feat . Vinnie corroborates :
`` This is not an easy song to make and though this is n't a live recording , I think it compares in playing and production to other live recordings we have . Avaris did a good job getting instruments to show up when they needed to , and you still get the sense that a band is playing this song . Plus , Luiza pwned the vocals . ''
Newly-betrothed Oji adds :
`` Nice job with OCR 's new biggest super collab EVER . Suck it down ? YES . ''
Indeed . I 'm really loving 2011 for OC ReMix , and it 's mixes like this that keep pushing boundaries & rockin ' out at the same time . Memorable , indelible , and every bit an excellent example of modern , distributed musical collaboration done right .
Ex-FaZe Clan player Mikail `` Maikelele '' Bill , ex-Counter Logic Gaming coach Faruk `` pita '' Pita and ex-Fnatic player John `` wenton '' Eriksson have come together to form a new team called qwerty , according to HLTV 's Milan `` Striker '' Švejda .
Joining them are lesser-known players Fredrik `` slap '' Junbrant , most recently part of Escape Gaming , and Simon `` atter '' Atterstam , part of Torpedo before the organization released their roster April 21 . Here 's a look at the full lineup :
Mikail `` Maikelele `` Bill
`` Bill Faruk `` pita `` Pita
`` Pita John `` wenton `` Eriksson
`` Eriksson Fredrik `` slap `` Junbrant
`` Junbrant Simon `` atter '' Atterstam
`` We actually began working on this project in July this summer , but the work was put on hold due to both me and Maikelele taking part in different endeavors with the two Swedish giants Fnatic and NiP , '' wenton told HLTV . `` As of early November this project is resumed — and the feeling within the team is better than ever before . ''
pita will act as the team 's in-game leader , wenton said . `` We have a great mix of individuals with different skill sets , as well as a great work ethic – the latter being something that I think is especially hard to come by these days , '' they said .
Maikelele has seen the most limelight in recent months , having acted as a stand-in for Ninjas in Pyjamas when Jacob `` pyth '' Mourujärvi stepped back from the roster on Aug. 30 due to a hand injury . Maikelele attended four LAN events as part of NiP , finishing first at SL i-League Season 2 , last at EPICENTER : Moscow , 3rd-4th at the ESL Pro League Season 4 Finals and 5th-8th at the ELEAGUE Season 2 Finals .
How does a cult designer win effusive praise from the world 's snootiest critics and coverage on the front of the Daily Mail website at the same time ? Welcome to the world of fashion 's pre-eminent haute goth , Rick Owens , master of the access-all-areas catwalk stunt .
Forget the intricate tulle and embroidery presented by storied fashion houses this week in Paris . Last night , Owens stole the season – again – by sending models down the runway wearing flesh-and-blood accessories , with models carrying each other as human backpacks – or as living knapsacks , swung out to the front in the paranoid tourist position .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Another human backpack , courtesy of Rick Owens . Photograph : Francois G Durand/WireImage
It was quite Leigh Bowery and , according to critics in the room , felt “ moving , ” “ disquieting ” and “ impressive ” . It was also “ a tribute to female strength ” that “ suggested the physical labours of pregnancy ” .
Away from the high-mindedness of the fashion world , the rest of the media has found the show sufficiently ridiculous to cover it extensively with some fairly genius headlines . The Daily Mail went with : “ Does my bum look big on her ? ” Jezebel 's was “ Here Are Some Models 69ing On the Runway at Rick Owens ” .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest More catwalk ventilation at Owens 's menswear show in January 2015 . Photograph : SIPA/REX Shutterstock
Jezebel 's analysis does n't feel too bawdy given that Owens 's last big catwalk caper involved male full-frontal nudity – models wore outfits with crotch holes cut out – and precipitated a media furore . But while the mainstream press was giggling , critics celebrated the show 's brave take on the themes of “ compression ” and “ pressure built up in silent vessels filled with energy ” .
Owens 's presentations are fast becoming the most talked about of the season , winning plaudits from fashion industry peers as well as blanket media coverage . In 2013 , they commissioned a refreshingly muscular and ethnically diverse step dance team to stomp , scream and shout while presenting their collection on the catwalk ( and this was before # squadgoals had even been invented ) .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Scream and shout : Rick Owens catwalk in September 2013 . Photograph : Miguel Medine/AFP/Getty Images
There was a right to-do at their show last season , too , though for once they had n't intended it : one model went rogue , unfurling a tatty paper sign that said “ Please Kill Angela Merkel – Not. ” Backstage , Owens lived up to their nickname as the prince of darkness and punched the model in question . The designer later explained : “ I thought ‘ Hey , this is my spotlight , and you fucked it up ' ... I do n't mind drama , but I do n't like death threats . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest One of Rick Owens 's models goes rogue . Photograph : SIPA/REX Shutterstock
As for the clothes ? Owens 's signature silhouette is monastic and apocalyptic – think one part Mos Eisley cantina , one part Westeros . Though they are not the kind of designer who aims to set trends season by season , they have a clear influence for other designers , not the least on Kanye West 's burgeoning fashion career . But right now , beyond the dedicated shoppers who adore him , it 's all about those shows , which offer all the lols of the Zoolander script – or all the ingenuity of the Turner prize – depending on where you 're sitting when you look at them .
Rex Tillerson is a regular figure in the news cycle , whether he 's cutting deals in Russia or offering their take on the future of the global oil industry.But it 's not everyday you read about them showing up at town council meetings to argue the aesthetic principles of keeping prairie land undeveloped . But as the Wall Street Journal reported in this morning 's edition , Tillerson is a among a handful of landowners in Bartonville fighting Cross Timbers Water Utility from erecting a 160-foot tall water tower . And the kicker is , their lawsuit claims the tower would cause a nuisance through the truck traffic it would attract from hydraulic fracturing operations in the area.Tillerson 's attorney told the Journal they had no concerns about fracking-related traffic and rather was simply opposed to a water tower hovering over the 83-acre horse ranch they and wife Renda , a former competitive barrel jumper , share.Still , the CEO of a company at the forefront of the hydraulic fracturing revolution - they bought Fort Worth-based XTO Energy in 2009 - attaching themselves to such a lawsuit is bound to get some attention.News of Tillerson 's activism was already spreading on Twitter Friday morning , where one writer pondered , `` James Taylor in anti-fracking TV ad . Perhaps Rex Tillerson will join him . `` Follow James Osborne on Twitter at @ osborneja .
Swatch has beaten Apple to mobile payments in China after launching a new watch – but it 's not technically a smartwatch .
The Swiss timepiece maker unveiled the Swatch Bellamy on Wednesday – an analog watch with a chip inside that allows you to do contactless payments .
It does not connect to the internet or your phone but instead contains near-field communication technology that allows a user to pay by touching their watch on a terminal .
Swatch has struck partnerships with China UnionPay – which holds a virtual monopoly over payments in China – and Bank of Communications in order to bring the feature to the world 's second-largest economy .
The Swatch Bellamy is the company 's attempt to fend off the challenge posed by the Apple Watch . Analysts say that Swatch is one of the most exposed companies to the Apple Watch threat because of the lower-end brands it sells . On Monday , the CEO of TAG Heuer told CNBC , that Apple 's device is `` big competition '' in the price segment between $ 200 and $ 2,000 .
And China is a very important market for Swatch with 45 percent of sales coming from Chinese consumers , according to Bernstein estimates .
But Swatch , like many luxury players , has had to deal with a tougher economic situation in China and volatility in the country 's stock market . The company will be hoping the Swatch Bellamy will improve its bottom line after net income fell nearly 20 percent year-on-year in the first half of the year .
The 580 yuan ( US $ 91 ) watch will start selling in China in January and will `` soon be launched in Switzerland with a Swiss bank and secure transaction partner , as well as in the U.S.A. , '' according to Swatch .
Apple has been seeking to bring its contactless payment service Apple Pay to China but has been facing resistance and issues with UnionPay , according to a report in MarketWatch earlier this year .
Swatch released a smartwatch earlier this year called the Touch Zero One which has basic features such as step counting and a calorie tracker . Traditional watchmakers like Swatch had previously dismissed the threat of the Apple Watch when it was first announced , but those companies have now changed their tune . TAG Heuer is set to release an Android Wear powered device at an event in November . The CEO told CNBC earlier this week that while smartwatches were important , the traditional higher-end watches would still survive .
`` I do n't say we want to compete with Apple because we 're not in the same business , but we can compete any technological product . So this means we believe in it ( smartwatches ) , but we also believe in our traditional product . We believe in both in fact , '' Jean-Claude Biver said in an interview on Monday .
More From CNBC
Demonstrators advocating asylum for former NSA contractor Edward Snowden gather outside a U.S. Army facility near Griesheim , Germany , on July 26 . ( Photo11 : Michael Probst , AP )
WASHINGTON — U.S. tech companies warn that their ability to compete globally is being destroyed by government snooping and the mistrust it is creating worldwide , and they will join with a powerful senator Wednesday to push Congress for help .
`` Customers around the world are raising more questions and expressing serious concern about the security of their data , '' Brad Smith , general counsel and executive vice president for Microsoft Corp. , said in an interview with USA TODAY . `` I see this myself in trips to Europe and in a trip just last week to Asia . People have more qualms about whether their personal information really is private and beyond the reach of government . ''
Smith is scheduled to participate in a roundtable discussion of the issue in Silicon Valley on Wednesday led by Senate Finance Committee Chairman Ron Wyden , D-Ore . Representatives of Google , Facebook , Dropbox and Greylock Partners venture capital firm also will speak .
The tech companies say that European and Canadian companies are using revelations about the National Security Agency 's mass surveillance of phone records to gain a competitive advantage against American firms overseas . Foreign competitors tell potential customers that American phone and Internet companies may be forced to turn over consumers ' private data to the U.S. government .
The erosion of trust in the privacy of American technology is an especially big threat to companies such as Dropbox , which has 70 % of its users overseas .
Wyden said Congress must act to rein in the NSA or risk losing high-paying American jobs in the tech industry . A report by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation said U.S. tech companies stand to lose up to $ 35 billion through 2016 from canceled contracts and missed opportunities .
In June , the German government announced it would cancel a contract with Verizon Communications because of the NSA 's bulk collection of millions of phone records . The mass surveillance , which is still going on , came to light last year when former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked the information .
`` There are serious concerns about the implications for the whole U.S. technology sector , '' said Wyden , who also serves on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence . `` You 've got consumers all over the world raising questions about the security of products that are made in the United States . ''
Smith said Microsoft and other U.S. tech companies are strengthening their data encryption to protect the privacy of their customers ' e-mail , phone calls , and other information .
But FBI Director James Comey and Attorney General Eric Holder have come out against the U.S. tech industry 's encryption efforts , saying that they will hinder law enforcement 's ability to search electronic data to catch criminals and terrorists .
`` What concerns me about this is companies marketing something expressly to allow people to place themselves beyond the law , '' Comey told reporters in September .
The tech companies say that the police can still get information about suspects in specific cases and do n't need mass surveillance . If foreign countries go ahead with plans to require data to be stored locally , not in the United States , it will lock out U.S. law enforcement as well as U.S. companies , Smith said .
`` If that happens , U.S. law enforcement is n't going to be able to reach that data through any kind of legal process , '' Smith said . `` If the tech industry and law enforcement engage in a tug of war , it wo n't necessarily get the best result for the American people . ''
The tech industry is pushing for passage of the USA Freedom Act , a bipartisan bill that Senate Judiciary Committee Patrick Leahy , D-Vt. , is hoping to bring to a vote when Congress returns after the Nov. 4 election . The bill would stop the NSA 's bulk collection of phone records .
Wyden recently introduced a separate , bipartisan bill that would boost the watchdog power of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board to ensure that government surveillance efforts do not violate the privacy of law-abiding Americans .
`` We want to try to ensure that there is more vigorous oversight so that both privacy and security are protected , '' Wyden said .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1xmL0eS
Former Southend United central defender Bilel Mohsni has signed for Rangers on a two-year deal .
The 26-year-old played in the lower reaches of the French leagues before their move to the Shrimpers in 2010 .
They are the eighth summer addition to the Ibrox squad and will be registered on 1 September when the club 's signing embargo is lifted .
Mohsni told Rangers ' website : `` I think it is a chance to prove that I can play in the top league . ''
The French-Tunisian 's contract will come to and end as Rangers hope to return to Scotland 's top flight and they are already eyeing an extended stay .
`` It would be amazing to be one of the players who help Rangers back to where Rangers belong , '' they said .
I was at Southend before and the facilities were okay , but when you compare it to Rangers , you see that here there is everything Bilel Mohsni Rangers defender
Mohsni played for CO Les Ulis , Mende , Saint-Georges and Sainte-Genevieve Sports before joining Southend in 2010 .
But they gained a reputation for controversy , refusing to train under then manager Paul Sturrock following a spell on loan with Ipswich Town last season as they wanted a move to a club higher than League Two .
Mohsni had their contract terminated by mutual consent in the summer and impressed on trial at Ibrox .
`` I was at Southend before and the facilities were okay , but when you compare it to Rangers , you see that here there is everything , '' they said .
`` The training ground , the stadium , these are some of the reasons you want to come to a club like this . ''
Since Mohsni was last registered with a club outside Scotland , they can not play as a trialist before September .
The same restriction applies to fellow new arrivals Steven Smith , Richard Foster and Arnold Peralta .
Manager Ally McCoist will be able to field summer signings Jon Daly , Nicky Clark , Nicky Law and Cammy Bell in some competitions , with Rangers kicking off their campaign against Albion Rovers in the .
McCoist is still keen to sign on top of another goalkeeper and striker .
On Mohsni and Pandza , McCoist said : `` I would be thrilled if we could get both of those boys . ''
`` Starred in a meme . Saved my dad 's kidneys . ''
The father of one of the most recognizable boys on the Internet will get a life-saving kidney transplant thanks to supporters of their son 's famous photo .
Eight-year-old Sam Griner was once the pudgy-faced , fist-pumping toddler who spawned the Internet meme known as `` Success Kid . '' The original photo shows Sam clutching a fistful of sand on the beach , moments after smashing a sandcastle . Their steely-eyed expression helped the photo go viral in 2007 , spawning thousands of captioned images about success . Sam 's face has become ubiquitous on message boards , comment threads and social media across the Internet .
Now Sam can write their own `` Success Kid '' meme after their family successfully raised more than $ 80,000 to help fund a kidney transplant for their father , Justin .
`` Justin is a 39-year-old father of one in need of a kidney transplant , '' the Griner family wrote on their GoFundMe page last week . `` Please help us reach our goal so that Justin may get the treatments and transplant they need . Their mother died from this disease , please help us write a different story for Justin and their son , Sam . ''
The Griners launched their campaign on April 8 and met their $ 75,000 funding goal in one week , thanks in large part to donations from strangers on the Internet .
Several commenters on the GoFundMe page offered to donate a kidney to Sam 's dad . Many others thanked the family for sharing their photo of Sam with the world .
`` If you had n't taken a picture of your son and posted it to the Internet so many years ago , no telling how this would have gone , '' one person wrote in the comments section .
Justin Griner 's brother , Evan Bowen , thanked all the GoFundMe donors with a post on their brother 's fundraising page .
`` Thank you , Internet , for helping my brother out this way ! '' they wrote . `` It 's really heartwarming and reassuring to see so many people willing to help another person for no gain of their own ( other than the use of an awesome meme ) ! ''
Bowen adds that several of their family members have died from kidney failure over the years .
`` I 'm eternally grateful and I know my brother and their family are , too , '' they said .
RCMP in Airdrie , Alta. , are trying to quell an online frenzy of reports of attempted abductions of children , calling them well-intentioned but misinformed and misleading .
It started Friday night and Saturday morning when Mounties in the Airdrie , just north of Calgary , received two complaints of attempted abductions .
The RCMP say they are being investigated but the differing circumstances and descriptions led to the conclusion there was no individual actively attempting to kidnap children .
However , over recent days Mounties say there have been numerous posts to social media by community groups detailing suspicious encounters with unknown people and several complaints filed about a suspicious male in a van near children .
Mounties say several vans were identified and in each case it was determined `` that operators were abiding persons who simply live and work here in Airdrie . ''
They ask members of the public to come to police with any concerns rather than sharing it online .
When I think of the word “ Jealous ” it always has a negative aspect to it . Well a number of years ago I heard a well known talk show host say they did n't want any part of a God that said They were jealous . To be in such an influential position , you had better do your homework before you start spouting off things you did n't take the time to look into or the context in which it was written . I found myself getting more and more frustrated listening to their warped version on what they believed God and spiritualism was all about . They and I do not serve the same God . Here are the verses in which they likely only glanced at or heard about without truly grasping .
Exodus 34:14 Do not worship any other god , for the Lord , whose name is Jealous , is a jealous God .
Moses wrote the book of Exodus and the Jewish people had hundreds of laws to follow , this being law number 613 . It went beyond just the 10 commandments we are all familiar with in chapter 20 . The kind of idol worship going on in those days was unimaginable to us today . Torturous human sacrifices including babies , orgies , etc . You get the idea , and it made God very angry . This heathenism was not the kind of worship They would want Himself or Their people a part of . So for the greater good of Their people They created the law to protect them from this very dangerous lifestyle . God did n't want the Jewish people even eating the animals that were sacrificed to these god 's , because it was unclean in Their eyes due to what part it played in the idol worship .
2 Corinthians 11:2 I am jealous for you with a godly jealousy . I promised you to one husband , to Christ , so that I might present you as a pure virgin to him .
In the New Testament Paul writes so much about the “ Church ” being a bride to Christ . It 's a picture to help show the close relationship we are to have with Him . A lot of liberal-minded women are offended at the book of Ephesians Paul penned , primarily chapter 5 ( vs 22 on ) on roles on wives and husbands . I think because most believe Paul never married they should n't be writing about marriages . All of the Bible is God inspired and chapter 5 reveals God as the head of the church and we are the body . You have to have a leader for the relationship to work .
We have a living breathing God that has adopted us into Their family , and we are Their children . They love us passionately unlike worthless idolatry that is self serving . 2 Corinthians 6:18 “ I will be a Father to you , and you will be my sons and daughters , says the Lord Almighty . ”
2 Corinthians 11:2 I am jealous for you with a godly jealousy . I promised you to one husband , to Christ , so that I might present you as a pure virgin to him .
[ wysija_form id= ” 1″ ] Fujifilm X100F
I know many of you guys are eagerly awaiting rumors about the X100T successor… so here is what I have for you today . I 've been informed by a New Source ( thanks ) that the successor of the Fujifilm X100T will be called Fujifilm X100F .
As I told you in this rumor , the expected release for the X100F is 2017 . The successor of the X100T was originally planed for Photokina 2016 , but after the Kumamoto earthquake in Japan ( which affected heavily the Sensor factory ) , Fujifilm had to deal with a shortage of X-TransIII sensor . So they decided to first focus on the Fujifilm X-T2 and use all the sensors available for the X-T2 . Once everything goes back to normal and there will be enough X-TransIII sensors again , then Fujifilm can also release the X100F ( in 2017 )
cheers
Fuji X Forum , Facebook , RSS-feed and Twitter
EXPIRE SOON
China vowed on Thursday to help with the Philippines ' economic and social development ahead of the upcoming visit of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte.Duterte will pay a state visit to China from Oct. 18 to 21 at the invitation of their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said China supports Duterte 's efforts to lead the Philippine people to develop their economy and is ready to participate in the country 's economic and social development . `` We hope to cooperate with the Philippines in such areas as trade , capacity and infrastructure construction , '' Geng told a regular press briefing.China believes the two countries should expand cooperation in various areas as their ties continue to improve , Geng said.The nations should improve ties and carry out mutually beneficial cooperation for the common interests of both countries and peoples , they added.Duterte and Xi will discuss improving bilateral ties , deepening cooperation and issues of common concern . Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and top legislator Zhang Dejiang will also meet Duterte .. The trip will be Duterte 's first official visit to a foreign country outside ASEAN
Meizu definitely has a solid midrange smartphone lin-up and the upcoming m3 note will add even more substance to it . A recent leaked teaser image shows that Meizu plans to price the m3 note at just $ 170 ( CNY 1,099 ) .
If this turns out to be true , then the company will not only be highly competitive against the likes of rivals in the Xiaomi , Lenovo and LeTV camp , but also it 's very own Meizu Metal line-up . The Metal rocks a similar price in China and the upcoming metal 2 is believed to follow suite .
The m3 note should offer an all-new alloy body 3500 instead of a plastic one and a 5.5 '' 1080p display . Under the hood , the phone is rumored to sport a Helio X10 chipset with 2 or 3GB RAM ( storage dependent ) , and a 3,500 mAh battery .
We 'll know what the Meizu m3 note holds for sure once it gets officially revealed . One of the key upgrades over the m2 note is the new shiny metal chassis , probably following the footsteps of the Meizu m1 metal and the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 on April 6 .
Via
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Americans blame political gridlock in Washington for the country 's declining economic competitiveness and hold both Democrats and Republicans responsible , a Harvard Business School study released on Wednesday found .
Constructions workers are seen at a new building site in Silver Spring , Maryland , U.S. June 2 , 2016 . REUTERS/Gary Cameron
The study noted that U.S. gross domestic product grew at a rate of about 2 percent since 2000 , well below the 3 to 4 percent average in the prior half-century . It said a range of factors including a complicated corporate tax code , tangled immigration system and aging roads contribute to the slow growth .
The study contends that factors including a growing wealth gap , declines in productivity growth and a rise in the number of working-age people neither employed nor seeking jobs show that the U.S. economy is becoming less competitive .
A majority of the school 's alumni surveyed said they believed the U.S. political system was hurting the economy . That view crossed party lines , with 82 percent of Republicans , 74 percent of independents and 56 percent of Democrats agreeing .
“ Only a minority of members of either party felt that their own party was acting in a way that supported economic growth , ” said Jan Rivkin , a professor at Harvard Business School and co-author of the report .
The survey did not ask whether respondents preferred Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump or Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton .
Some respondents worry that neither candidate for the White House could overcome gridlock in Washington , Rivkin said , adding “ Anyone elected into the current system would face pressure toward paralysis . ”
A concurrent survey of the general public found smaller , but still significant , numbers blaming the political system for a languishing U.S. economy .
Some 49 percent of Republicans , 38 percent of independents and 26 percent of Democrats at large said politics were hurting growth .
The study contends partisan gridlock is preventing the federal government from tackling structural problems facing the U.S. economy , and suggested steps to address that gridlock . Among them : Changing rules that allow lawmakers to “ gerrymander ” districts to ensure one party 's dominance ; reforming campaign finance ; setting term limits in the House and Senate , and eliminating party control of the federal legislative process .
The study comes a day after the Census Bureau reported median household income surged 5.2 percent last year to $ 56,500 , its highest since 2007 .
The surveys included responses from 4,807 alumni of Harvard Business School from May 3 through June 6 and 1,048 members of the general public polled June 10-26 . The public survey had a margin of error of 3.3 percentage points , margin of error does not apply to the alumni survey as it was not a random sample .
LOS ANGELES - NASA 's latest space telescope will scan the sky in search of never-before-seen asteroids , comets , stars , and galaxies , with one of its main tasks to catalog objects posing a danger to earth .
The sky-mapping WISE , or Wide-Field Infrared Survey Explorer , is scheduled to launch no earlier than before dawn Friday from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California .
If all goes as planned , WISE will orbit some 325 miles above the earth and produce the most detailed map yet of the cosmos . It is designed to detect objects that give off infrared light or heat . Infrared light is ideal for uncovering dusty , cold , and distant objects that often ca n't be seen by optical telescopes .
The mission is expected to find millions of hard-to-see objects , said its principal investigator , Edward Wright of the University of California at Los Angeles .
“ It 's really a mission to survey everything that 's out there , '' Wright said . “ What we 're trying to do is make a map of the universe . ''
Scientists estimate it will take six months for WISE to peruse the entire sky . The spacecraft will circle the earth 15 times a day and take about 7,500 images a day in four infrared wavelengths .
WISE will catalog the locations and sizes of near-earth objects such as asteroids and comets that could threaten the planet .
The spacecraft will also look for brown dwarfs , gaseous balls that never quite gathered enough mass to set off the nuclear fires that cause stars to shine . Also of interest are galaxies that shine with the brilliance of more than a trillion suns .
The $ 320 million mission should help current and future spacecraft zero in on the most interesting objects for detailed studies .
WISE will join two infrared space telescopes in orbit - the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Spitzer Space Telescope and the European Space Agency 's Herschel Space Observatory .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
“ Step 1 : We bring your kids to America . Step 2 : We pay you every month . Step 3 : I was never here . ”
Thanks to Donald Trump 's remarks about it during their rallies , speeches , and the presidential debates ; thanks to the Wikileaks emails and Project Veritas Action videos that keep being released ; and thanks to a resurrected FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton 's emails , it is quickly becoming common knowledge The Clinton Foundation is global graft and laundering enterprise hiding under the halo of “ philanthropy ” and “ development . ”
Americans have known for decades that Bill Clinton is not only an adulterous ladies ' man but also a sexual predator with a trail of wounded women behind him . We also know that Hillary is their enabler and “ enforcer ” on this front , by intimidating and discrediting Bill 's victims . This side of the Clintons is so well known to us , in fact , that most of us are n't even disturbed by it anymore–which is disturbing in its own right .
As the saying goes , birds of a feather flock together . This explains the eerie bond that exists between Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin , the estranged wife of the sexting addict , Anthony Weiner . Both women have sexually reckless husbands that have nearly derailed their own political careers because of sexual deviance . As of last week , though , the parallel became explosive : Anthony Weiner 's sexual misconduct with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina led the FBI to discover roughly 650,000 emails in Abedin 's various electronic devices .
The deadly combination of sexual addiction and political ambition is the glue between the Clinton and Abedin/Weiner teams . But when the emails hit the fan , so to speak , it 's every man , woman , and Weiner for himself . By now it 's all but certain that Weiner is “ spilling their guts ” to cut a deal with the FBI for their sexual crimes . As the FBI continues to dig into the new evidence , the focus of their investigation is shifting from Hillary 's wrongdoing with their notorious private email server to a full-blown dissection of the Clinton Foundation .
Who will speak for these young victims ?
And just as sex and power are what have kept the Clintons and Abedin/Weiner on parallel tracks in life , so it seems that sex and power are at the very heart of the Clinton Foundation . Based on open-source research being compiled at Reddit , this is what we know so far :
Laura Silsby is the former director of The New Life Children 's Refuge in Haiti . Silsby was caught trying to steal 33 children from the country , most of whom were not even orphans and had families . The Haitian authorities wanted to detain them and their associates for at least 6 months , but , as we shall see , the Clintons had other intentions .
Hillary Clinton has a long history of interest in Ms. Silsby . Wikileak emails dating back till at least 2001 have been found in their archives discussing Laura 's NGO . Laura had claimed they planned to build an orphanage in the Dominican Republic , but authorities in the country said they never submitted an application for this purpose . They instead located to Haiti .
Huma Abedin , Hillary 's closest confidant , was constantly forwarding Hillary articles on this woman 's organization . One of the first things Hillary did when they took over the scene in Haiti was to get Laura off the hook ( cf . this PDF from 2009 for details ) . And the attorney who represented Laura Silsby ? A man who was themselves convicted as a sex trafficker . We also have State Department emails that discuss how to get Silsby and their own aide out of Haiti , and how to spin the controversy for the press . Here is a State Department cable that summarizes the entire controversy . Needless to say , Hillary 's mysterious friend Silsby comes out looking all right .
Even more disturbing , we uncovered an email in Wikileaks where they are literally pricing how much it costs to transport children . This was the same group that got busted by Haitian Authorities for trying to traffic kids . How could this possibly be , you ask . Well , Haiti has no laws to prevent trafficking . Is it starting to make sense why the Clinton Foundation focused on Haiti after the devastating earthquake–and left it worse off than before ?
In addition to all this , an NYPD source has claimed that the newly discovered emails present evidence that is “ much more vile and serious than classified material on Weiner 's device . The emails DETAIL the trips made by Weiner , Bill and Hillary on their pedophile billionaire friend 's plane ( Jeffrey Epstein ) , the Lolita Express. ” Epstein is a level-3 registered sex offender and yet the media ignores the fact hat Bill Clinton flew 26 times on Epstein 's private Jet and allegedly visited Epstein 's sex slave island .
They do n't call them Slick Willy for nothin ' .
As I say , this is flood information , and the rabbit hole goes very , very deep . If you want to know more about the problem of global underage sex trafficking in our day , read this lengthy discussion of the evidence .
At this point , you 're probably wondering , “ But what can I do about it ? ” Well , there are at least two concrete steps you can take to promote justice and truth . First , now or on November 8 , get to the polls and vote for Donald Trump to Make America Great Again . Second , share this article to inform and encourage your friends and family !
Lizardfolk Subraces
Slight Racial Adjustments to Expand Player Options
Lizardfolk Traits
Your lizardfolk character has the following racial traits .
Ability Score Increase . Your Constitution score increases by 2 .
Age . Lizardfolk reach maturity around age 14 and rarely live longer than 60 years .
Alignment . Most lizardfolk are neutral . The see the world as a place of predators and prey . Different species have different perceptions as to their place in this world . Some seek to dominate and be top of the food chain while others live knowling as prey determined to outwit and outlive their predators .
Speed . Your base walking speed is 30 feet , and you have a swimming speed of 30 feet .
Bite . Your fanged maw is a natural weapon , which you can use to make unarmed strikes . If you hit with it , you deal piercing damage equal to 1d6 + your Strength modifier , instead of the bludgeoning damage normal for an unarmed strike .
Cunning Artisan . As part of a short rest , you can harvest bone and hide from a slain beast , construct , dragon , monstrosity , or plant creature of size Small or larger to create one of the following items : a shield , a club , a javelin , or 1d4 darts or blowgun needles . To use this trait , you need a blade , such as a dagger , or appropriate artisan 's tools , such as leatherworker 's tools .
Hold Breath . You can hold your breath for up to 15 minutes at a time .
Languages . You can speak , read and write Common and Lizardfolk .
Subraces . Two subraces for Lizardfolk exist : sauran and skinks . Choose one of them for your character .
Sauran Lizardfolk
Sauran lizardfolk are a race of medium sized brutal lizardfolk . Often seen as the typical lizardfolk , these primal hunters place themselves as rulers of their environment and top of their environments food chain .
Ability Score Improvement . Your Strength or Wisdom score increases by 1 .
Size . Saurans are a little bulkier and taller than humans , and their small colorful frills make them appear even larger . Your size is Medium .
Hunter 's Instinct . You gain proficiency with the Animal Handling and Survival skills .
Natural Armor . You have tough , scaly skin . When you are n't wearing armor , your AC is 13 + your Dexterity modifier . You can use your natural armor to determine your AC if the armor you wear would leave you with a lower AC . A shield 's benefits apply as normal while you use your natural armor .
Hungry Jaws . In battle , you can throw yourself into a vicious feeding frenzy . As a bonus action , you can make a special attack with your bite . If the attack hits , it deals its normal damage , and you gain temporary hit points ( minimum of 1 ) equal to your Constitution modifier , and you ca n't use this trait again until you finish a short or long rest .
Skink Lizardfolk
Skinks are small , quick lizardfolk who thrive in deep jungle environments . A far rarer breed , skinks use deception and dirty tricks to trap food and outsmart larger threats .
Ability Score Increase . Your Dexterity or Intelligence score increases by 1 .
Size . Skinks are the smaller , leaner variant of the lizardfolk race . They have larger colorful fins and frills around their , but their body does n't grow beyond 4 feet tall . Your size is Small .
Survivor 's Instincts . You gain proficiency with the Perception and Stealth skills .
Pack Mentality . Whenever you take the Help action on your turn to help an ally , until the end of your next turn , you have advantage on the next attack roll you make against a creature within 5 feet of that ally .
Natural Trapper . In addition to the regular items you can create using your Cunning Artisan feature , you can alternately make a blowgun , 2d4 blowgun needles , or a snare ( detailed below ) .
Downton Abbey — Merry Flipping Christmas
We 've come to the end of another season of “ Downton Abbey , ” with a season finale that was about as crammed full of morsels – some appetizing , some not – as a Christmas fruit cake . What a strange concoction . It was really two episodes crammed into one , with snobby butlers , surprise love children , the departure of the younger cast members , some immoral propositions , a marriage proposal rejected , a marriage proposal accepted , some lame plot resolutions and an overall feeling that Julian Fellowes is back to throwing ideas against the wall to see what sticks .
This season-ender was the “ Christmas Special ” in the UK , a tradition in which popular British series produce one more episode to show on Christmas Day after the figgy pudding and spotted dick have been consumed . Unfortunately , a Christmas show is about as welcome in March as Denker 's broth . The charms of Christmas toasts and carols are completely lost on us in America when all we really want is a hint of spring .
For me , the biggest surprise of the show was the discovery that we were still in 1924 , especially after I had confidently explained last week that we 'd skipped ahead to 1925 , given the clues about the fall of the Ramsay MacDonald government and the amount of time that would have needed to pass between Rose and Atticus ' engagement and their wedding . It 's probably churlish and small-minded to complain about time continuity on a show like this , but they bring it on themselves by constantly referring to real-world events . I 'm not the one who was talking about Ramsay MacDonald all year long .
In any event , in a 93-minute episode like this , where to start ? Let 's start at the very conclusion . Remember that plot about Anna and Bates that began last year with Anna 's rape , progressed with the death of their rapist , morphed into a Javert-like investigation by Scotland Yard , and culminated last week in the arrest of Anna herself ? Remember that ? Well , forget it . Anna 's still in jail when we open the episode , but as expected , Bates falsely confesses to the crime to exonerate them then escapes to Ireland . Mosely and Baxter subsequently dedicate all their days off to visiting 60 or 70 pubs in York to exonerate them ( which in the logic of the show means they will be throwing the blame back onto Anna ) . Somehow they find a bar-keep who remembers serving Bates on the day of the murder ( this guy 's ability to recall one patron from two years ago on the very day of the murder is very impressive ! ) But if Bates is innocent , the police have to conclude again that Anna is guilty , right ? Nope . It turns out that the witness against Anna is now having doubts , so both of them are in the clear . So this whole two-season narrative arc , in which we are dragged through so much sturm und drang , basically boils down to “ Never mind. ” Whatever .
To the extent there are any overarching themes this episode there are two : the swatting down of snobs and the resolution of romantic entanglements .
First the snobs : Atticus and Rose are back from their Venetian honeymoon and their parents have rented a Scottish estate for some grouse hunting . Off go the Crawleys to shoot small birds and wear white tie in a cold drafty castle . Lord Sinderby themselves is a terrible snob , and unpleasant to boot . I suppose we are supposed to assume that , like Shylock , he 's been warped by years of anti-Semitism , or maybe he 's just naturally sour . In any event , they wo n't invite Rose 's parents because they 're divorced ; he 's also very particular about the respect that is due them as a wealthy banker and Lord and consequently makes the near fatal mistake of calling Barrow a stupid fool .
As snobby as Sinderby is , though , their butler Stowell is even worse . They too treat Barrow shabbily and then is outright rude to Tom Branson ; their disgust at serving a former chauffer is so extreme that they fall just short of calling Branson a “ mudblood. ” Mary is appalled by the treatment of their brother-in-law and unleashes Barrow , their weaponized servant . Now we know why the Crawleys have never fired Barrow : he 's kept on staff in case they they ever need to sic a Doberman on their enemies . Barrow 's been on their best behavior since giving up the anti-homosexual treatments , but once set loose their thirst for revenge is nearly boundless . They not only schemes to humiliate Stowell , as Mary had wanted , but to bring down Sinderby too , which was definitely more than they bargained for .
After Barrow manipulates the humiliation of Stowell , they worm it out of a drunken butler that Lord Sourpuss has an illegitimate son , so the next thing you know telegrams are sent to London and the mother and child materialize at a Sinderby family soiree . Ooops . Rose sizes up the situation immediately , and claims that the mother is their old friend , and gets Mary and Grantham to play along so that Lady Sinderby does n't get wind of that fact that Atticus is n't the only one who 's been cavorting with shiksas . Saved from their shame , Sinderby has an immediate personality change , recognizing that Rose is “ clever , kind , and resourceful. ” They even agree to break out the gramophone so the young people can dance , and further promises to invite Rose 's divorced parents to visit . Well , the little bump in that marriage subplot wrapped up nicely , did n't it ?
The other snob is Spratt , who makes Mr. Carson look positively modern . Their feud with Denker continues , in what must be one of the lowest-stakes plots of all time . Will Denker be able to prepare broth that the Dowager Countess likes ? Seriously ? Anna 's in jail , Sinderby 's nearly exposed as an adulterer and we 're worrying about broth ? Well , not surprisingly it transpires that Denker can not make decent broth ( and how hard is that , really ? ) But the Dowager Countess does n't really care that much anyway . They finally tell the two of them to cut it out and to stop their feuding . So Spratt and Sowell end up as two butlers who are , as Mary remarks , “ put back in a box. ” Because that 's where servants should be .
The other great theme of the episode was romantic entanglement . First , Isobel definitively declines Lord Merton 's marriage proposal because they do n't want to spend their declining days in trench warfare with their God-awful sons . Too bad , because Merty is quite a good character . I have to say , though , I did n't really see how Fellowes could have swung this marriage because if Isobel had married Merton , they would n't be living in the Downton neighborhood any longer and would have been forced into a reduced role on the show . ( That 's the problem with marriages for any of the female characters – once they marry they 'll almost certainly have to move away . )
With Isobel out of the way , we then resolve the question of whether the Dowager Countess will resume sexual relations with their former lover Prince Kuragin . Will everyone who thought that was going to happen please raise their or their hand ? I thought so . The Dowager Countess has tracked down Princess Kuragin in Shanghai and transported them to England so they can be reunited with their husband . And here we have yet another sourpuss , who 's neither grateful nor cordial to the Dowager Countess for reuniting them with their husband and literally putting the clothes on them back . They sound a lot like Greta Garbo in their “ I vant to be alone ” phase . So exeunt the Kuragins , off to the refugee community in Paris . Do n't let the door hit you on the way out .
The Dowager Countess later explains to Isobel that they and Kuragin had tried to elope fifty years earlier when they were in St. Petersburg for the royal wedding , but that Princess Kurgain had chased them down , physically yanked them out of the carriage and sent them back to them won husband , who suspected nothing . Sometimes I wonder if Julian Fellowes watches their own show because several episodes back the Dowager Countess claimed that they did n't actually elope because their husband gave them a Faberge egg with the children 's photos . Regardless , the Dowager Countess now thinks that they owe a debt to the princess for preventing them from ruining their life on a mad passion . Not to keep mentioning Tolstoy , but Anna Karenina and Vronsky actually did elope to disastrous results , so the Dowager Countess is almost certainly right to assume that their life turned out better with a stodgy husband than with a passionate Russian lover .
The other romantic entanglement that gets resolved in this episode is the engagement of Mrs. Hughes and Mr. Carson , which everyone has expected since the 2014 season-ender when Mrs. Hughes grabbed Mr. Carson 's hand as they were cavorting at the beach . Mr. Carson has gone about this task obliquely , as they are wont to do , first couching this as real estate investment until Mrs. Hughes revealed that they were nearly impoverished from paying for their sister 's medical care over the years . Learning of their predicament , they then ( somewhat presumptuously I think ) puts their name on the deed anyway and then proposes in the most eloquent way : “ I do want to be stuck with you. ” Them response was equally passionate : “ Of course I 'll marry you , you old boobie. ” This is what comes of drinking the Lord 's Chateau Margaux while he 's away . Naturally , there 's been no hanky panky between the two of them ; I doubt they 've even hugged yet , never mind kissed . But charming nevertheless , because so heart-felt .
The final romantic entanglement plot line involves embryonic romances for Mary and Edith . Both of them seem turned on by the way their potential swains handle they gun , something both Freud and the NRA would understand . Edith 's guy is the agent , or estate manager , at Brancaster Castle in Scotland , and he 's the third cousin of the current earl so he 's close enough to nobility for them purposes .
As for Mary , their new love interest is a Mr. Henry Talbot , who in addition to being good with a loaded gun is also the owner of a powerful car . Mary is apparently turned on by danger and phallic symbols , although if I were the widow of a man who liked to drive too fast , I might seek out someone who 's not an automotive enthusiast . Mary 's also attracted to Mr. Talbot because he 's quick-witted enough to deduce that something 's up with Lord Sinderby and the woman who showed up at the door . More than anything , though , she 's probably turned on by the way they can take their acerbic barbs and turn them back on them We do n't know anything about them except that he 's the friend of a friend and has enough money to afford a fast car . We 've probably not seen the last of this guy but I ca n't help but feel cheated from last year , when we were promised a face-off between Gillingham and Blake . For someone who was so hot for Mary and who worked so hard to extricate them from their engagement with Gillingham , Blake did n't seem too sad about leaving them for Poland for a year .
Some other observations :
— This episode sees the departure of numerous characters for America . Tom and Sybbie are headed to Boston . This has been one of the most protracted departures in TV history . Rose and Atticus , on the other hand , just up and announced , hey , we 're going to New York , which is one of the most abrupt departures in TV history . You have to wonder if Lily James , who plays Rose , decided late in the season that they wanted to pursue a movie career since she 's going to star in the upcoming Cinderella movie . ( Btw , Sophie McShera , who plays Daisy , is one of the evil step-sisters , which shows once again that the downstairs staff never gets any respect . ) Here 's the trailer .
— What exactly was the point of Robert 's angina-turned-ulcer ? Whenever they start discussing medical issues on this show MY stomach starts to hurt . This angina misdirection is another example of plotting for its own sake , especially when Fellowes seems to snap their fingers and rearrange plot elements without earning them . Robert has angina and after we worry about them a bit they do n't . Whatever .
— I was n't exactly sure where we landed on the plot about Daisy 's education . It looks like she 's giving it up since it 's not going to get them anywhere . Whatever happened to knowledge being valuable for its own sake ?
— Hmm . A pretty grim view of wives on this show . Three characters – Lord Merton , Shrimpy and Prince Kuragin – were married to and immiserated by shrewish women . Julian Fellowes themselves appears to be happily married , so he 's apparently not acting out any personal issues .
— There was one moment of actual , earned emotion in the show : the small remembrance of Sybil in the nursery by Tom , Edith and Mary and the emotional awkwardness of Lord Grantham when they stumble upon them . I never really liked Sybil that much but I 'm glad that Branson keeps their memory alive .
— Another moment of some subtlety : the scene where the servants sit down to a small dinner in the kitchen , dressed in ordinary clothes instead of their uniforms is juxtaposed immediately with the grander white collar dinner with the toffs in Scotland . Which dinner looks like more fun ?
— I 'm having confused feelings . Lord Grantham has n't been an idiot for two straight episodes and their handling of the Marigold/Edith issue was sensitive ( but probably a-historical ) . I 'm beginning to question all my assumptions about existence .
— Naturally the grouse hunting scenes in Scotland reminded me of the hunting weekend in 2001 's “ Gosford Park , ” Julian Fellowes first big writing gig as a depicter of the landed classes at leisure . Here 's the trailer , featuring a somewhat younger Maggie Smith .
Now we 're on to season six and possibly season seven ? I 'm exhausted just thinking about it and glad we 've got ten months to recuperate .
Advertisements
The Wunderlist app is a great way to help you capture your ideas , things to do , and places to see . Today , though , and thanks to a tip from Leandro ( thanks Leandro ! ) we can report to you that an update is in the works for the app .
@ leandromaxi6 I 'm really sorry that we 're keeping you waiting on that ! The update we 're working on is pretty big , so I do n't have an ETA yet — Wunderlist Support ( @ WunderlistHelp ) May 4 , 2016
As seen above , Wunderlist Support mentioned the update , and also detailed that it is pretty large . While nothing in this tweet is exactly official , and there is no actual ETA for the update , this is still a splash of hope for Windows Phone fans who continuously use this app .
Microsoft acquired 6Wunderkinder , the makers of Wunderlist , just about a year ago , and it has been featured in The New York Times , Lifehacker , TechCrunch , CNET , The Guardian , Wired , and Vanity Fair , and many other media outlets . It is truly a great app which makes it easy to share your lists and collaborate with everyone in your life .
So , if you 're not already an avid user of this app , you can download Wunderlist by clicking the link below . Then , once you do download , please drop us a comment to let us know how the experience is going , or what you think this possible update means for the future of the app .
Share This
Further reading : App update
Having done some research the last few days I have come to the possible conclusion that there may be more than meets the eye here .
Blackwater has been in a big legal fight with the town of Potrero to build the nations the largest mercenary training center . The people of the Potrero community have resisted Blackwater 's attempts to do so , now suddenly all of their homes are gone and the entire community destroyed and purged of all Blackwater resistance .
I have a funny feeling that Blackwater may be getting a real good deal on a huge swath of land after the smoke clears .
Three weeks ago , the Petrero community was asked to sign a letter to Senator Dianne Feinstein and Senator Barbara Boxer about Blackwater 's base , including a warning about Potrero 's `` fire-prone landscape '' :
`` Not only will Blackwater 's proposed California paramilitary base disrupt the lives of its residents , but it will also threaten the pristine natural habitat of the Round Potrero Valley , which includes part of Cleveland National Forest and is adjacent to the proposed Hauser Wilderness preserve . The regular detonation of firearms would be a risk both to the fire-prone landscape and to the wildlife that currently calls that area home , including the golden eagle and the California condor . ''
Blackwater is ironically now playing on those very people 's emotions by offering their helicopters , tanks and soldiers to help the community and surrounding areas fight the fires .
This fire exploded just as the people of Potrero were preparing for a recall election on December 11 to kick out the planning group members who approved Blackwater 's base . With ballots scheduled to be mailed in early November to less than 600 registered voters in this historic vote-by-mail recall , Potrero residents were preparing for an intense campaign over the next six weeks .
But the actual landscape -- and the political landscape -- of Potrero have been transformed over the last 48 hours .
I 'm starting to hear on the news that authorities believe some of these fires were deliberately set .
It is almost , just too convenient , I 'd say .
Mark Thompson , president and chief executive officer of New York Times Co. Credit : Chris Goodney/Bloomberg
The New York Times is `` exploring the possibility '' of selling a `` higher-tier , '' ad-free digital subscription package , chief executive Mark Thompson said at the IAB Ad Blocking & User Experience Summit Monday .
`` We do want to offer all of our users as much choice as we can , and we recognize that there are some users -- both subscribers and non-subscribers -- who would prefer to have an ad-free experience , '' they said , according to a copy of their remarks provided in advance to Ad Age . ( The all-day summit , which is intended for publishers , is not open to the press . )
Related Stories Snapchat Redesigns App to Boost Media Channels , Ad Revenue
The Times , in early March , began testing approaches to combatting the rise of ad-blocking technology , which threatens to undermine the industry 's reliance on digital advertising revenue . The company tried out both dismissable and non-dismissable requests for non-subscribers to either whitelist the Times or pay for a subscription , and experimented with dismissable messages for subscribers . ( Dismissable notices allow a user to continue on to content without whitelisting or subscribing . Non-dismissable notices require users to subscribe or whitelest the provider or they are denied access to content . )
`` More than 40 % '' of non-subscribers who received undismissable requests whitelisted the Times , Mr. Thompson said . And , `` no fewer than 30 % '' of subscribers agreed to whitelist the Times when shown a dismissable request to do so .
`` No one who refuses to contribute to the creation of high quality journalism has the right to consume it , '' Mr. Thompson said . While the Times is `` not there yet , '' they said that if the company has no choice but to prevent non-subscribers who refuse to whitelist the Times from reading the website , `` we 'll do it . ''
Mr. Thompson had harsh words for Eyeo , which owns leading ad-blocking technology Adblock Plus and runs the Acceptable Ads whitelist program , which some publishers pay to have their ads exempted from blocking .
`` This is a manifestly unsavoury business practice , '' they said Monday morning . `` Adblockers often portray themselves as an answer to unsatisfactory digital advertising experiences . But Eyeo was n't founded by concerned citizens . It was founded by a digital ad veteran and represents the most cynical , most money-grasping end of the old unreformed digital ad business . We need to expose Eyeo , Adblock Plus and the Acceptable Ads whitelist , so that the public can see them for what they are . ''
Generally speaking , Mr. Thompson said marketers `` need to think like programmers rather than as traditional advertisers , '' by `` offering consumers content which actually has value to them . ''
Advertising will always be a vital revenue source for the Times , they said , pointing out that some 107 million of the 110 million people who access the Times are not paid subscribers .
A Saskatoon-based erotic entertainment company says it 's hosting a car-wash event to accomplish two feats : raise money for breast cancer , and protest Saskatchewan 's provincial laws that make stripping in businesses that serve alcohol illegal .
`` It 's kind of a boobs-for-boobs thing . We thought it would fit in nicely , '' said Emily Kempin , owner of the Pink Champagne Girls .
They said that from a business standpoint , they have noticed how perceptions have changed about stripping since March when premier Brad Wall announced the government would reverse its decision to allow stripping in establishments where alcohol is served . It made stripping illegal in bars unless it 's done for charity one time in a year .
`` Every single time we talk to someone , usually the first thing out of their mouth is 'strippers are illegal . ' We have to inform them we are n't . We can do whatever we want at private parties , '' said Kempin .
They say the Pink Champagne Girls used to get a lot of calls for performances at bars . `` Now , it just seems like too many bars are scared to have us there , '' since the laws changed , they said .
Hence today 's car wash in Saskatoon . Kempin says the company is looking to raise awareness , so it 's not keeping the cash raised at the car wash .
`` All proceeds are going to breast cancer . We 're kind of doing it as a little bit of a protest of these laws . We 'll have a petition to sign , '' Kempin said .
`` Being able to actually strip as a stripper is one of our rights that we 'd really like to have . It 'd be nice that bars would n't be too scared to host us anymore , '' they said .
The event is happening at Legacy Lounge on Eighth Street until 7 p.m. CST .
Liquid Robotics
After a record-breaking 9,000-mile journey across the ocean , a small autonomous robot recently arrived in Australia having collected and transmitted a wealth of scientific data that could lead to a better understanding of the world 's seas .
On November 17 , 2011 , a Silicon Valley startup called Liquid Robotics launched four of its Wave Glider robots from San Francisco , two of which were heading toward Australia and the other two on their way to Japan . The hope was that the Wave Gliders , which are designed to travel across the globe without fuel or outside propulsion , would set the Guinness World Record for longest distance traveled on the Earth 's surface by a robot .
Yet while the robot that arrived in Australia most likely did set the mark , breaking records is really just a `` stunt '' in the name of science , James Gosling , one of the creators of the Java programming language and now Liquid Robotics ' chief software architect , told CNET last year .
In other words , the goal of the project has been to attract attention to the robots ' real work -- gathering the kind of data on the oceans that 's never been possible before , and that can be used to help scientists , educators , students , industry , and others have better knowledge of the seas than has been possible before .
Indeed , a secondary element of the project has been to open up the data collected to anyone who wants it and to award a $ 50,000 research grant to the scientist with the most interesting proposals for how to use them .
According to Graham Hine , Liquid Robotics ' senior vice president of product management , the Wave Glider Papa Mau made land in Australia 's Hervey Bay on November 20 , beating its three launch companions across the seas . Hine said that one is likely to hit Australia in February , while another is thought likely to make it to Japan in June . A fourth was pulled out of the water due to mechanical issues .
Hine said the journey was a scientific success , given the data Papa Mau was able to gather along the way . That included data on weather conditions in equatorial waters that was unexpected , as well as an extended look at a 1,200 mile wide algal bloom that gave scientists the ability to capture high-resolution imagery of a little-understood phenomenon . It 's `` really illuminating for understanding what mid-ocean biology is really like , '' Hine said .
A key task for the Papa Mau was to travel slowly and steadily through areas of the sea that have been little studied in the past . Hine said such areas have been observed with sensors placed on buoys and from passing ships , but never before at the scope and scale of what the Wave Gliders have been able to do . `` It 's very dense spatial measurement of that information , '' Hine said , `` taking a lot of readings over relatively slow transit . That 's a new way of measuring the ocean . ''
Hine also said that Liquid Robotics has named five finalists in the PacX Challenge -- the competition for the $ 50,000 research grant . One winner will be named at a later date .
Papa Mau before Benjamin
To Hine , one of the most interesting aspects of PacX project is that Papa Mau arrived in Australia so much earlier than its compatriot Benjamin . Though the Liquid Robotics team was aware that Wave Glider performance could be affected by a variety of things , including getting wrapped up in seaweed .
But while Papa Mau arrived in nearly perfect shape , save for having its paint worn out and being covered in barnacles , it 's not yet clear if Benjamin encountered anything specific that slowed it down , or if it simply caught slow currents . Hine said that they hope to race the two robots when they have both of them in hand in a bid to see if they perform the same given equal circumstances . But given that they know the precise route each robot took , Hine said that comparing the routes and the data collected will `` tell us something about a variety of different oceanographic conditions . ''
Once all four robots are back in the fold and reconditioned , Hine said they will be launched again on one of a number of possible missions . One is to circumnavigate the Antarctica -- a 16,000-mile trip which would likely require figuring out how to outfit a Wave Glider with more batteries . The other two possible next trips are a trip through the Northwest Passage and a south pole to North Pole crossing .
A New York ratings company has affirmed Ontario 's debt rating at AA- and says the rating outlook for the province is stable .
Fitch Ratings says Ontario has demonstrated `` the ability to exert considerable , ongoing expenditure restraint while instituting revenue changes as necessary to achieve its deficit reduction objectives . ''
However , it notes Ontario had an accumulated deficit equal to 157 per cent of operating revenues in fiscal 2015 due to slow revenue growth .
The Fitch rating on Tuesday follows Standard & Poor 's ( S & P ) move on Monday to lower Ontario 's financial rating to A+ from AA- .
S & P cited Ontario 's heavy debt burden and budgetary `` underperformance '' compared with peers in other jurisdictions as reasons for the downgrade .
The rating agency said Monday that while Ontario continues to beat its fiscal targets and expects to close its operating budget gap by fiscal 2018 , it will still have to contend with sizable yearly after-capital deficits given its large net capital spending plans .
Both rating agencies said the downgrade comes with a stable outlook , reflecting their belief that Ontario will continue to make slow progress in reducing its deficit .
Derek Burleton , TD Bank 's vice president and deputy chief economist , told CBC Radio 's Metro Morning the downgrade is `` significant '' but it wo n't likely have any near-term implications for the province .
Burleton said Ontario 's lower credit rating lines it up with Quebec and the Maritime provinces , but it wo n't likely affect the province 's ability to borrow money .
While the report questioned Ontario 's ability to keep spending down , Burleton said a lot of the report was positive , including S & P 's observation that Ontario 's overall economy is doing well .
Province defends infrastructure investments
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa welcomed the Fitch and S & P rating , saying in a statement that it is `` an expression of confidence '' in the government 's plan to eliminate the deficit by 2017-18 while investing in the economy to create jobs .
Finance Minister Charles Sousa defended the province 's decision to keep spending money on infrastructure despite its rising debt levels . ( The Canadian Press ) In an emailed statement , Sousa said : `` Our government has a path to balance that focuses on building a strong economy that creates good , high-paying jobs , while controlling our spending and maximizing our revenue potential . Our plan is sensible and it is working . ''
The S & P assessment views Ontario as having a very strong , wealthy and well-diversified economy despite recent slow growth .
Sousa shot back at the slow growth accusation , however , saying every major Canadian bank projects the province 's economy to grow faster than the national economy .
Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown said the rating decline is proof that the government is mismanaging the economy .
The province is investing more than $ 130 billion over a decade in infrastructure programs and says it remains `` committed to managing program expense growth to support a balanced and thoughtful approach to eliminating the deficit . ''
Ontario adds the current economic environment makes it an `` ideal time to invest in infrastructure '' despite being saddled with debt , which is projected to be $ 298.9 billion in 2015-2016 .
Overview Edit
Group A : Tropical/megathermal climates Edit
Group B : Dry ( desert and semi-arid ) climates Edit
Group C : Temperate/mesothermal climates Edit
Group D : Continental/microthermal climates Edit
Group E : Polar climates Edit
Ecological significance Edit
The Köppen climate classification is based on the empirical relationship between climate and vegetation . This classification provides an efficient way to describe climatic conditions defined by temperature and precipitation and their seasonality with a single metric . Because climatic conditions identified by the Köppen classification are ecologically relevant , it has been widely used to map geographic distribution of long term climate and associated ecosystem conditions . [ 22 ] Over the recent years , there has been an increasing interest in using the classification to identify changes in climate and potential changes in vegetation over time . [ 13 ] The most important ecological significance of the Köppen climate classification is that it helps to predict the dominant vegetation type based on the climatic data and vice versa . [ 23 ] In 2015 , a Nanjing University paper published in Nature analyzing climate classifications found that between 1950 and 2010 , approximately 5.7 % of all land area worldwide had moved from wetter and colder classifications to drier and hotter classifications . The authors also found that the change `` can not be explained as natural variations but are driven by anthropogenic factors . `` [ 24 ]
Trewartha climate classification scheme Edit
Main article : Trewartha climate classification The Trewartha climate classification is a climate classification system published by American geographer Glenn Thomas Trewartha in 1966 , and updated in 1980 . It is a modified version of the 1899 Köppen system , created to answer some of the deficiencies of the Köppen system . The Trewartha system attempts to redefine the middle latitudes to be closer to vegetation zoning and genetic climate systems . It was considered a more true or `` real world '' reflection of the global climate . For example , under the standard Köppen system , in the United States , western Washington and Oregon are classed into the same climate zone as southern California , even though the two regions have strikingly different weather and vegetation . Under the old Köppen system cool oceanic climates like that of London or Seattle were classed in the same zone as hot subtropical cities like Savannah , Georgia or Brisbane , Australia . In the United States , locations like Colorado and Iowa , which have long , severe winter climates where plants are completely dormant , were classed into the same climate zone as Louisiana or northern Florida which have mild winters and a green winter landscape .
Other Köppen climate maps Edit
All maps use the ≥0 °C definition for temperate climates and the 18 °C annual mean temperature threshold to distinguish between hot and cold dry climates . [ 1 ] North America
Europe
Russia
Central Asia
East Asia
South America
Africa
Middle East
South Asia
Southeast Asia
Australia/Oceania
See also Edit
LAS VEGAS ( RNS ) — The title of the senior pastor 's first sermon since the mass shooting was a question many people struggled with all week .
“ Where is God in the midst of tragedy ? ”
RELATED : In Las Vegas as before , spontaneous shrines bring healing after horror
Three different video screens inside Hope Church projected it in white letters superimposed on a gray image of some of the city 's biggest hotels . Below the screens , hundreds of congregants followed Senior Pastor Vance Pitman in search of an answer .
“ We always know we need God , ” they said , walking back and forth by an elevated slender podium , a microphone headset catching their every word . “ But if there ever was a week when we really know we need God , this has been that week . ”
Seven days ago — though most people here said it felt much longer — Stephen Paddock shot hundreds of people from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel before shooting himself . Fifty-eight people were killed — most of them tourists — and almost 500 were wounded .
In the intervening time , there have been calls for unity and calls for information as investigators still have no real insight into Paddock 's motives . There have been outpourings of donations and frustrations as everyone in this city — both residents and those passing through — seek some reason behind the chaos of last Sunday night .
RICHARD MOUW : You have been warned , Pat Robertson !
At the evangelical Hope Church , prayer was part of the answer . While electronic praise music thrummed , people bowed their heads and asked God to heal their community and to bring peace to the victims and their families .
“ Evil may put up its strongest fight , ” Pitman said , their words made all the more powerful by their Southern cadence . “ But the cross has the final word . ”
There were amens all around and the words from Psalm 46 were projected overhead :
God is our refuge and our strength , an ever-present help in trouble .
Therefore we will not fear …
On Saturday ( Oct. 7 ) , Jewish worshippers confronted the same questions at Temple Sinai , a Reform synagogue on the opposite side of town .
In the synagogue 's courtyard , under the palm frond roof of a temporary shelter known as a sukkah — part of Judaism 's annual Festival of Tabernacles — Rabbi Malcolm Cohen led a discussion of the Torah reading for the holiday , which includes Exodus 34 .
In it , God promises they will be faithful , Cohen said . God promises they will bestow their lovingkindness to thousands of generations . They promise they are with us .
“ And yet you ca n't get away from the fact that this city has been in the heart of a tragedy this week , ” the rabbi continued . “ How does God bring us out of the darkness ? ”
One white-haired woman in a blue shirt with gold studs around the neckline spoke up . “ Why would God make a man think about doing that ? Why would God let that happen ? ”
Cohen , their shoulders weary-looking under their white prayer shawl , turned to Kohelet ( Ecclesiastes ) 9 , handing out sheets fresh from the Xerox machine .
“ Go , eat your bread in gladness , and drink your wine in joy , ” they read aloud . “ Whatever it is in your power to do , do it with all your might . ”
Putting the paper down , the rabbi went on . “ What we saw Sunday night was a tragedy . But we do n't know how much time we have been given on this planet , and we must make the best use of it . We must do what it is in our power to do and do it with passion . ”
The woman with the blue shirt considered and then said , “ Yes , but rabbi , that is hard . ”
The rabbi agreed . And then they led the group in singing another section of Kohelet ( Chapter 3 ) , this one made famous by folk singer Pete Seeger and the band the Byrds .
To everything there is a season , turn , turn , turn
And a time to every purpose , under heaven
A time to be born , a time to die
A time to plant , a time to reap
A time to kill , a time to heal
A time to laugh , a time to weep
The song died away to reveal the sound of a congregant weeping . Then there were blessings and a promise to meet again next week .
The desire to understand evil was not limited to Jewish and Christian congregations in Las Vegas .
On Sunday , at Chaiya Meditation Monastery , a compound of red and golden temples and buildings in the middle of another suburban part of the city , there were age-old Buddhist prayers for the dead .
About 40 members of the Laotian , Burmese , Thai and Sri Lankan community prayed with nine robed monks who flanked a temporary altar shrine bearing images of every person who was killed .
“ We pray for those who pass away from this terrible shooting , ” Kyiaya , the temple 's master monk who is from Myanmar , said before the chanting began . “ All we can do is ask the holy the special favor to listen . ”
Then the gathered clasped their hands in prayer and chanted in unison , transferring what they call their “ merits ” — chanting , praying and donating — to the dead so they may have peace .
“ We always do this when tragedy happens , ” Tin Yee , a temple member also originally from Myanmar , said afterward . “ We pray for them because they are innocent people . Everybody feels sorry for them , but what can we do ? It has already happened . What we can do is pray for them , give blood , make donations . ”
The prayers , which lasted about half an hour , are the same that are offered when a member of their temple dies .
“ This makes them part of our community , ” they said . “ We have that same sorrow for them and it comes from the bottom of our hearts . ”
Culture secretary also asks if BBC shows such as Strictly Come Dancing are ‘ distinctive ' enough and launches initiative against online adblocking
The government is to rush through legislation to close the “ iPlayer loophole ” , which allows people to watch BBC shows on catchup services without having a TV licence .
In a speech on Wednesday , culture secretary John Whittingdale also asked whether popular BBC1 programmes such as Strictly Come Dancing were “ distinctive ” enough and launched a new initiative on the devastating impact of adblockers on the newspaper industry .
After the speech at the Oxford Media Convention , Whittingdale said closing the loophole could not wait for legislation was passed to renew the BBC 's royal charter by the end of the year . Instead , it would be done “ as soon as practicable ” through secondary legislation that could be put before parliament as early as this summer .
Report urges end to 94 years of BBC self-regulation Read more
“ The BBC works on the basis that all who watch it pay for it . Giving a free ride to those who enjoy Sherlock or Bake Off an hour , a day or a week after they are broadcast was never intended and is wrong , ” they told the Oxford Media Convention .
The offer to close the loophole , which already costs the BBC some £150m a year – a figure that is likely to increase – was made during negotiations with the BBC last summer that also saw the corporation agree to shoulder the £750m burden of free licence fees for the over-75s .
The white paper outlining the government 's views on charter renewal is due to be published this spring , but Whittingdale made little reference to its timing on Wednesday .
They also indicated that the white paper would welcome any attempts to make BBC programming more distinctive .
“ On distinctiveness , there is no doubt that at its best the BBC makes programmes which no one else would do , ” they said , citing programmes such as BBC1 's The Night Manager and the forthcoming new Ben Elton comedy about Shakespeare : Upstart Crow .
“ But I also agree with the director general 's aim “ to create a BBC that is more distinctive than ever – and clearly distinguishable from the market ” .
Having previously been criticised for questioning whether the BBC should be showing The Voice or Strictly Come Dancing , Whittingdale said it was up to the BBC and future regulators to decide which programmes were distinctive enough .
Speaking afterwards they said : “ Whether or not Strictly or Bake Off or other programmes are too removed or absolutely distinctive , that is for the judgment of whoever will have the task of assessing BBC programming . ”
Their remarks follow a report on the market impact of the BBC produced by Oliver & Ohlbaum and commissioned by the Department for Culture , Media & Sport that suggested entertainment shows were costing commercial rivals some £115m a year in revenues .
Whittingdale kept Channel 4 in limbo but indicated that any plans to sell off the state-owned commercially funded broadcaster would need to continue its public service remit , telling the audience : “ We are looking at the future of C4 particularly with a view to ensuring that its remit continues . ”
Responding to Whittingdale 's speech , the shadow secretary of state for culture , media and sport , Maria Eagle , said : “ The secretary of state seems more concerned about helping the BBC 's commercial rivals than in helping the corporation satisfy its audiences and meet its public service obligations . ”
They added : “ What the culture secretary has called for today jars completely with what the British public want from the BBC . They must stop lecturing the BBC about what content it should and should not be producing .
“ The results of consultation on the future of the BBC have again shown how highly the public value the corporation 's distinctive programming , and that they want to see it remain funded by the licence fee and independent of government .
“ So the culture secretary must stop acting simply as a cheerleader for the BBC 's commercial rivals and start standing up for audiences who want to see the BBC continue to produce high-quality content . ”
Steven Jay Russell ( born September 14 , 1957 ) is an American con artist known for escaping from prison multiple times . I Love You Phillip Morris , a film about their life and crimes , was produced in 2009 . In 2011 , their crimes were featured on the TV show I Almost Got Away with It in the episode `` Got a Boyfriend to Support '' . They were also the subject of the 2005 On The Run episode `` King of Cons '' on The Discovery Channel .
On March 20 , 1998 , Russell posed as a millionaire from Virginia in an attempt to legitimize a $ 75,000 loan from NationsBank in Dallas ; when bank officials became suspicious and alerted the police , Russell feigned a heart attack and was transported to a hospital . Russell was placed on security watch but they impersonated an FBI agent and called the hospital on their cell phone to tell them they could be released . [ 1 ]
U.S . Marshals later tracked down Russell in Florida , where they arrested them on April 5 , 1998 , when they went to retrieve a fax . Russell was sentenced to a total of 144 years in prison ( 99 years for the escapes and 45 years for subsequent scams ) .
As of 2010 , Russell is in the Allan B. Polunsky Unit [ 2 ] [ 3 ] on a 23-hour lockup , only having one free hour a day to shower and exercise . They were previously held in the Mark W. Michael Unit . [ 4 ] Their maximum sentence date is July 12 , 2140 . [ 2 ]
Sana Iqbal , Cross-country Woman Biker Dies in Car Accident in Hyderabad
Hyderabad : Cross-country woman biker and social activist Sana Iqbal from the Hyderabad , died in a car accident on the city outskirts on Tuesday morning .
Sana Iqbal was travelling in a car along with their husband Abdul Nadeem , heading towards home in Tolichowki . The vehicle rammed into the median strip on the Outer Ring Road , said the police .
`` Sana 's husband Abdul Nadeem was driving the car . Sana , who suffered severe injuries in the mishap , was shifted to a nearby hospital but was declared brought dead . Them husband , who received injuries , is undergoing treatment , '' said Narsingi Police Station Inspector G V Ramana Goud .
The accident occurred around 4am at Narsingi , while the couple was travelling towards Gachibowli in west Hyderabad . Nadeem , who works as a manager with Amazon , also suffered injuries , breaking two of their ribs and is undergoing treatment at a city hospital .
Hyderabad : Activist Sana Iqbal who campaigned on their bike against depression and suicide dies in a car accident pic.twitter.com/w6eO2ri5Wl — ANI ( @ ANI ) October 25 , 2017
The Hyderabad-based rider hit the headlines a few years ago when they undertook a solo motorcycle expedition across the country to raise awareness about suicide .
Sana Iqbal , a pure and inspiring soul .. God is lucky to have you . You shall be missed . — Anushka J ( @ AJumbled ) October 24 , 2017
Earlier in 2016 , Sana ( 29 ) took up a 38,000 kms solo-ride across the country on their Royal Enfield Bullet Electra motorcycle to create awareness on a cause they believed in and fought against . Under the banner `` suicide is NOT the solution '' , they started their trip from Goa in November 2015 and completed their noble quest on 13 June 2016 .
The focus of their campaign was to educate people , particularly students , against committing suicide .
Police have registered a case under sections 304A ( causing death by negligence ) and 337 ( causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others ) of Indian Penal Code , reported New Indian Express .
University of Queensland researcher says unless temperature rise is kept below 2C , reef will cease to be coral ecosystem
The Great Barrier Reef will suffer “ irreversible ” damage by 2030 unless radical action is taken to lower carbon emissions , a stark new report has warned .
Unless temperatures are kept below the internationally agreed limit of 2C warming on pre-industrial levels , the reef will cease to be a coral-dominated ecosystem , the report warns .
Coral bleaching , which occurs when water becomes too warm and coral 's energy source is decimated , is now a “ serious threat ” to the reef , having not been documented in the region prior to 1979 .
The increase in carbon dioxide pumped into the atmosphere , 90 % of which is absorbed by the oceans , has already caused a 30 % rise in the hydrogen ions that cause ocean acidification . This process hinders the ability of corals to produce the skeletal building blocks of reefs .
Co-author Ove Hoegh-Guldberg , director of the Global Change Institute at the University of Queensland , told Guardian Australia that current climate trends signal “ game over ” for the Great Barrier Reef .
“ Corals can exist in temperatures 1C higher than the current summer maximum , but beyond that you get coral bleaching and mass mortality , ” they said . “ Beyond 2C , you do n't really have coral dominated reefs anymore and there 's evidence that 1.5C is beyond the limits too . ”
Hoegh-Guldberg 's work has included testing the response of corals to various temperatures at a lab on Heron Island , situated on the Great Barrier Reef . The research has shown that a “ business as usual ” temperature increase of 4C will prove catastrophic for the reef .
“ Even under the best-case scenario of 2C , corals disappear , ” they said . “ But with business as usual , it 's game over . You look in the tank and the corals have died , bacteria have taken over , the sand has dissolved .
“ It 's a very , very poor place . If you were to replicate that on the Great Barrier Reef , it would hardly be worthy of the word ‘ great ' . It simply wo n't be a coral reef . ”
“ Corals have adapted in the past to temperature change , but the problem is that we are pushing the oceans through such a rapid temperature change that the corals are getting left behind . ”
The report was compiled by WWF has part of its relaunched Earth Hour initiative . This year 's Earth Hour , to be held on 29 March , will be centered upon the impact of climate change upon the Great Barrier Reef . People will be encouraged to switch their lights off for an hour in support of the reef .
University of Queensland scientist Dr Selina Ward , the report 's other contributor , said that climate change is weakening the reef , making coral less likely to reproduce and more susceptible to disease .
“ If we continue as we are , we 'll get more degradation and more bleaching events , ” they said . “ If we want to save the Great Barrier Reef we need to act immediately and make dramatic reductions in carbon pollution . We need to move away from fossil fuels . ”
Hoegh-Guldberg added : “ The current administration in Australia is not taking the issue seriously and it 'll cost the people of Australia in the future .
“ There is n't really another option here . If we do n't want global calamity , we need to choose a pathway that decarbonises our society . ”
Unesco 's world heritage committee will decide in June whether to place the Great Barrier Reef on its “ in danger ” list . Conservationists have raised concerns that the vast ecosystem is under threat from coastal development , pollution and dredging , as well as climate change .
A report by the Australian Institute of Marine Science last year revealed that the reef had lost 50 % of its coral cover over the past 30 years , with chemical runoff , storms and coral-eating crown-of-thorns starfish the main culprits for the decline .
More than 14 million people will go to the polls next month in an election that is one of the most important since independence
One by one , to the sound of polite applause from a select audience , the seven men and one woman who want to lead Kenya for the next five years walked on to a wide stage in a private school near Nairobi 's national park , ready to make history in the country 's first televised debate .
Moderators Julie Gichuru and Linus Kaikai , both television journalists , asked the candidates to take their positions behind the podiums and to briefly introduce themselves .
It was a polite , somewhat halting start to a three-and-a-half-hour marathon that gave Kenyans a chance to judge their prospective leaders on their words and policies rather than on who they are – a rarity in a country where politics has traditionally been intertwined with tribal identity , and where politicians often campaign on an `` us versus them '' platform .
Beyond the walls of the ornate Hogwarts-esque Brookhouse International School , millions of Kenyans were watching on television , listening to their radios , or following the live stream on YouTube .
On Twitter , where Kenyans are the second most active users in Africa , people immediately began tweeting quotes and impressions , making the debate one of the world 's top trending topics .
`` Tonight has been good – we were united thanks to the debate , '' tweeted one man , reflecting a sense of pride among many Kenyans commenting online .
If the debate was widely perceived as a positive political milestone , the civil and polite tone seemed worlds away from rising concern that Kenya may be heading for a repeat , or worse , of the politically motivated tribal violence that exploded after the last presidential vote in 2007 and that claimed around 1,200 lives .
More than 14 million Kenyans will go to the polls to elect a president , MPs and county representatives on 4 March in an election that is one of the most complicated and crucial in the 50 years since Kenya achieved independence in 1963 .
If no one wins more than 50 % , there will be a second round run-off in April . Observers have warned that there is a risk of violence if the vote is tight , or if there is doubt about transparency of process .
Veteran journalist Kaikai showed their combative form with their first question , asking the candidates to talk about the role of tribalism in politics , and pressing the two frontrunners – deputy prime minister Uhuru Kenyatta and prime minister Raila Odinga – on perceptions that their campaigns were exploiting traditional tribal animosities .
The two men are members of Kenya 's premier political dynasties , and their rivalry mirrors the relationship between their fathers – Jomo Kenyatta was Kenya 's first president and Jaramogi Oginga Odinga was vice president until they fell out with their leader , resigned and founded an opposition party .
Kenyatta is a member of Kenya 's dominant Kikuyu tribe , and their running mate , former education minister William Ruto , is a Kalenjin . Odinga is from the Luo tribe , which has never held the presidency .
Both Kenyatta and Odinga rejected the claims that they were running ethnic campaigns . `` Tribalism is a cancer that has afflicted this country for a very long time , '' Kenyatta said . Odinga described tribalism as `` a disease of the elite '' .
Kaikai also asked Kenyatta , who was arguably the most vulnerable going into the debate but who delivered a smooth performance , how they could run the country while facing trial at the international criminal court ( ICC ) in The Hague for their role in allegedly stoking the violence in 2007 . Kenyatta , who has denied any wrongdoing , was quick to reassure the voters that they would be able to govern even while fighting the charges in The Hague . `` The job I seek is going to be given by the people of Kenya … who full well know the personal issues I am confronted with , '' they said .
The moderators asked the candidates to talk about issues such as public finances , education , health and corruption . The candidates rarely engaged directly , and the format meant that interruptions were rare .
Moments of humour were somewhat scarce and restrained , although Odinga raised a few chuckles when they said that it would be difficult for Kenyatta to run the country via Skype from The Hague .
Many observers felt Martha Karua , the only woman standing for president and a former justice minister who is known as `` the Iron Lady '' because of their tenacity in a male-dominated arena , performed well , especially when they pointed out that nobody got their food from their tribe .
Them tiny red handbag also delighted some online observers .
Amid all the praise for a historic debate , there was also some criticism , with some Kenyans suggesting that having all eight candidates made the format too cumbersome . Polls give Odinga a slight lead over Kenyatta – 46 % against 40 % in the most recent survey – with the other candidates polling 5 % or less .
Some observers might have had difficulty in reconciling the fine words delivered in this public arena with reports of hate speech and intimidation on the campaign trail . More than 400 people have already been killed in 2012 and this year in intercommunal clashes that rights organisations have linked to politics .
Marge Ely for The Washington Post
Jeb Bush was a victim . Taylor Swift outsmarted them .
They 're domain-name-snatchers who gobble up urls bearing the monikers of prominent people . And now Hirshhorn director Melissa Chiu is among those swept up in their mischief .
Melissa Chiu ( Ashley Gilbertson/Smithsonian Institution )
Visit melissachiu.com , and you 'll see a full-screen photo of the lovely fountain in front of the Smithsonian museum . Under it , a bold headline : “ Melissa Chiu must resign . ”
Go to benjamingenocchio.com ( that 's Chiu 's husband 's name ) , and you are redirected to the same site .
It 's impossible to tell who owns the sites — they were purchased on Sept. 18 through a service that offers buyers anonymity . But it 's clearly someone who is n't a fan of Chiu , who has ruffled feathers in Washington for moves like holding the museum 's anniversary gala in Manhattan instead of Washington and for hiring a curator who will continue to live in New York . ( The sole link on the site takes users to a Washington Post story about the gala . )
[ RELATED : Hirshhorn museum director 's husband scrubs their Wikipedia entry of controversy ]
There 's no profit motive : Unlike many other domain-squatters , they 're apparently not looking to sell .
Chiu would n't comment on the matter .
Josh Bourne , president of the Coalition Against Domain Name Abuse says it 's a cautionary tale for anyone in the public eye — not just A-list actors or pols . Buying one 's own domain name , or the most predictable version of it you can , is just basic hygiene in 2015 .
There 's really nothing the Hirshhorn chief can do about it , they add , for a variety of reasons , including that the site does n't attempt to profit , so it 's covered by the First Amendment 's free-speech protections .
Their advice ? “ Pay the 10 bucks a year . ”
Authorities believe the 27-year-old jumped out of the plane sometime before it crashed
Authorities have called off the search for a missing University of Michigan student who rented a plane that crashed in Canada , an incident police suspect was a suicide . ( Photo : laurendiscipio , Getty Images/iStockphoto )
Authorities said today they believe a University of Michigan student jumped out of the small plane they were piloting sometime before it crashed last week in Ontario , in what police suspect was a suicide .
`` Based on the crash scene , there was nothing to suggest that anybody else walked away from the wreckage . ... It would suggest at some point prior to the plane crashing , they did leave the aircraft . Their whereabouts remain unknown , '' said Sgt . Peter Leon , media relations coordinator for the Ontario Provincial Police .
Authorities have called off the search for the 27-year-old man , who was a PhD candidate in the university 's School of Information .
The student was last seen March 15 , the same day they rented a small plane from the Ann Arbor Airport , said Diane Brown , spokesperson for University of Michigan Division of Public Safety and Security .
The plane crashed at 11:38 p.m. about 37 miles east of Marathon , Ontario , which is north of Lake Superior , according to the Ontario Provincial Police . The wreckage of the single-engine Cessna 172 was discovered in a remote wooded area .
Read more :
Thunder Bay News previously reported no body was found at the crash site and there were no footprints in the area surrounding the downed plane .
`` University Police have reasons to believe their actions likely were an act of self-harm , '' Brown said today in an e-mail .
The Free Press is not naming the student because it typically does not identify people who are believed to have committed suicide .
The Transportation Safety Board of Canada continues to investigate the crash .
`` Out of respect for their family , classmates and colleagues , we wo n't have additional information to release on the investigation , '' Brown said
Contact Ann Zaniewski : 313-222-6594 or azaniewski @ freepress.com . Follow them on Twitter : @ AnnZaniewski .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.freep.com/2mRhI8s
In South Mumbai 's Kalbadevi , 23 police personnel of the State Reserve Police Force are stationed at a ground , guarding nearly 20 kilograms of gold.On Saturday night , after a four-storey building came crumbling down after a seven-hour-long fire - some precious lives were lost , but those who made it also have little to fall back on.The building had several goldsmiths ' workshops . Residents say most of the workers abandoned what they were doing when the fire started and rushed to escape . All that gold is now buried under a pile of rubble dumped behind the Mumbadevi temple in South Mumbai.Priyanka Pol , a resident of Gokul Niwas whose marriage was scheduled on May 30 , also lost many valuables in the fire . `` We had bought sarees and jewellery . We have lost everything , but we have been told that we can look for our valuables in two-three days after the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation clears the debris , '' they said.Eight night vision CCTV cameras have been installed at the ground to monitor the premises and the municipal body and police are keeping a strict watch on people accessing the area . `` There is about 20 kilograms of gold underneath the debris . We want to make sure that no anti-social elements or thieves get near the valuables . We have made adequate arrangements , '' Deputy Commissioner of Police Dhananjay Kulkarni told NDTV .
During their eight frenetic and flashy years as mayor of Los Angeles , Democratic Party star Antonio Villaraigosa often pointed to their success at improving the quality of life in the nation 's second largest city .
But 65 miles east of Los Angeles , neighbors of a rental property the mayor long owned take a dimmer view .
`` He 's a slumlord , that 's what they are , '' complained Steven Patzer , who lives next door to the small house on Eucalyptus Avenue in the city of Moreno Valley .
Town records show that the house — which recently featured boarded-up windows , peeling blue and white paint , and cinderblocks in the weed-choked front yard — racked up a series of code violations , including for unmaintained landscaping and discarded junk in the yard . Villaraigosa owned the house from 1990 until last month , county records show .
`` You see it for yourself . It looks like shit , and you can quote me on that , '' said Patzer , 42 . They said it `` shocked the living daylights out of me , '' when they learned last year that the absentee owner they had long resented was the former mayor of Los Angeles . A charismatic politician and a leading ally of both President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton , Villaraigosa chaired the 2012 Democratic National Convention . Many believe they have a shot at being California 's next governor or senator .
But on Eucalyptus Avenue , votes might be scarce . Rita Ortiz , who lives across the street and spoke in Spanish , called the house `` ugly '' and `` dirty . '' They wondered : `` If he 's the mayor , why does it look like that ? ''
In an interview Monday , Villaraigosa said this was the first they were hearing of problems at the property or of neighborhood discontent .
`` If I had known , I would have taken care of it as soon as possible , '' they said . `` I had two property managers who would inform me when there were issues , and we would fix it as soon as we were informed . ''
They added that they were unaware of any code violations , or any notices from the city .
They said they bought the property in 1990 as an investment and visited it just a few times in all the years they owned it . `` You know , this is 60 miles away , '' they said . `` We never went over there . ''
Ben Yanke
ad orientem . ”
Their Excellency Bishop Robert Morlino of the Diocese of Madison , Wisconsin , announced that beginning in October , their Masses in the Cathedral will be celebrated ad orientem , as part of Cardinal Sarah 's recent encouragement for priests and bishops to follow suit . They further discuss Cardinal Sarah 's and Pope Benedict 's writings on the matter .
In October , I will start to offer the 11am Mass at the Cathedral Parish. ” His Excellency Bishop Robert Morlino of the Diocese of Madison , Wisconsin , announced that beginning in October , their Masses in the Cathedral will be celebrated , as part of Cardinal Sarah 's recent encouragement for priests and bishops to follow suit . They further discuss Cardinal Sarah 's and Pope Benedict 's writings on the matter .
The full recording of their homily which contained the announcement can be found below . Their announcement begins at the 8 minute mark , though the whole homily is worth a listen .
Wild Walker Class Druid Type Archetype
The wild walker prefers their animal shape to their humanoid one , and has exchanged their divine spellcasting to help boost their hunting and shape changing capabilities .
Contents show ]
Hit Dice
A wild walker has d10 hit die .
Base Attack Bonus
A wild walker has full BAB progression .
Nature 's Gift
A wild walker can use all Orisons on the druid spell list as at-will spell-like abilities . The caster level for this ability equals the wild walker 's class level .
This ability replaces Spells .
Favored Enemy
This ability acts as the Ranger 's class feature of the same name .
Favored Terrain
This ability acts as the Ranger 's class feature of the same name .
Spontaneous Ally
At first level a wild walker can use summon nature 's ally I as a spell-like ability once per day . Every two levels they gain the ability to use the next nature 's ally spell as a spell like ability once per day , and gains an additional use of their previous nature 's ally spell-like ability .
This ability alters Spontaneous Casting .
Hunter Bond
At 1st level , a wild walker forms a bond with their hunting companions . This bond can take one of two forms . Once the form is chosen , it can not be changed . The first is a bond to their companions . This bond allows them to spend a move action to grant half their favored enemy bonus against a single target of the appropriate type to all allies within 30 feet who can see or hear them This bonus lasts for a number of rounds equal to the wild walker 's Wisdom modifier ( minimum 1 ) . This bonus does not stack with any favored enemy bonuses possessed by their allies ; they use whichever bonus is higher .
The second option is to form a close bond with an animal companion . A wild walker may begin play with any of the animals listed in Animal Choices . This animal is a loyal companion that accompanies the wild walker on their adventures . Unlike normal animals of its kind , an animal companion 's Hit Dice , abilities , skills , and feats advance as the wild walker advances in level . If a character receives an animal companion from more than one source , their effective druid levels stack for the purposes of determining the statistics and abilities of the companion . Most animal companions increase in size when their wild walker reaches 4th or 7th level , depending on the companion . A wild walker 's animal companion shares their favored enemy and favored terrain bonuses . If a wild walker releases their companion from service , they may gain a new one by performing a ceremony requiring 24 uninterrupted hours of prayer in the environment where the new companion typically lives . This ceremony can also replace an animal companion that has perished .
This ability alters Nature Bond ( differences in bold ) .
Wild Shape
At 2nd level , a druid gains the ability to turn themselves into any small or Medium animal and back again once per day . I options for new forms include all creatures with the animal type . This ability functions like the beast shape I spell , except as noted here . The effect lasts for 1 hour per druid level , or until they change back . Changing form ( to animal or back ) is a standard action and does n't provoke an attack of opportunity . The form chosen must be that of an animal the druid is familiar with .
A druid loses their ability to speak while in animal form because they are limited to the sounds that a normal , untrained animal can make , but they can communicate normally with other animals of the same general grouping as their new form . ( The normal sound a wild parrot makes is a squawk , so changing to this form does not permit speech . )
As a druid gains in levels , this ability allows the druid to take on the form of larger and smaller animals , elementals , plants , oozes , vermin , magical beasts , and Dragons .
At 4th level , a wild walker may use this ability at will , and there is no longer a limited duration ( the effect lasts until they change back ) .
At 6th level , a druid can use wild shape to change into a Large or Tiny animal , a Small elemental , or a Small or Medium Fey . When taking the form of an animal , a druid 's wild shape now functions as beast shape II . When taking the form of an elemental , the druid 's wild shape functions as elemental body I . When taking the form of a Fey , the druid 's wild shape functions as Fey Form I .
In addition they are no longer limited to forms available to a druid two levels lower when changing form as a move action with the Quick Wild Shape feat .
At 8th level , a druid can use wild shape to change into a Huge or Diminutive animal , a Medium elemental , a Small or Medium plant creature , a Small or Medium ooze , a Small or Medium vermin , or a Small or Medium magical beast . When taking the form of animals or magical beasts , a druid 's wild shape now functions as beast shape III . When taking the form of an elemental , the druid 's wild shape now functions as elemental body II . When taking the form of a plant creature , the druid 's wild shape functions as plant shape I . When taking the form of a ooze creature , the druid 's wild shape functions as ooze form I . When taking the form a vermin , the druid 's wild shape functions as vermin shape I .
In addition they treat all armor and shields that they wear as if they had the Wild special ability .
At 10th level , a druid can use wild shape to change into a Large elemental , a Large plant creature , a Tiny or Large Fey , a Large ooze , a Tiny or Large vermin , a Tiny or Large magical beast , or a Medium dragon . When taking the form of an elemental , the druid 's wild shape now functions as elemental body III . When taking the form of a plant , the druid 's wild shape now functions as plant shape II . When taking the form of a plant creature , the druid 's wild shape now functions as plant shape II . When taking the form of a Fey , the druid 's wild shape now functions as Fey Form II . When taking the form of a ooze , the druid 's wild shape now functions as ooze form II . When taking the form a vermin , the druid 's wild shape now functions as vermin shape II . When taking the form of a magical beast , the druid 's wild shape now functions as beast shape IV . When taking the form of a dragon , the druid 's wild shape functions as Form of the Dragon I or Form of the Exotic Dragon I or Form of the Alien Dragon I .
In addition they are limited to forms available to a druid two levels lower instead of four when changing form as a swift action with the Quick Wild Shape feat .
At 12th level , a druid can use wild shape to change into a Huge elemental , a Huge plant creature , a Diminutive or Huge Fey , a Huge ooze , a Huge Vermin , a Huge or Diminutive magical beast , or a Large dragon . When taking the form of an elemental , the druid 's wild shape now functions as elemental body IV . When taking the form of a plant , the druid 's wild shape now functions as plant shape III . When taking the form of a Fey , the druid 's wild shape now functions as Fey Form III . When taking the form of a ooze , the druid 's wild shape now functions as ooze form III . When taking the form a vermin , the druid 's wild shape now functions as vermin shape III * . When taking the form of a magical beast , the druid 's wild shape now functions as magical beast shape . When taking the form of a dragon , the druid 's wild shape now functions as Form of the Dragon II or Form of the Exotic Dragon II or Form of the Alien Dragon II .
In addition they are no longer limited in any way when changing form as a swift action with the Quick Wild Shape feat .
At 14th level , a druid can use wild shape to change into a Huge dragon . When taking the form of a dragon , the druid 's wild shape now functions as Form of the Dragon III or Form of the Exotic Dragon III or Form of the Alien Dragon III .
At 16th level , when taking the form of a Fey , the druid 's wild shape now functions as Fey Form IV .
This ability alters Wild Shape ( differences in bold ) .
Bonus Wild Feat
At 4th level the wild walker receives Quick Wild Shape as a bonus feat . In addition at 6th level , and at every even level thereafter , they gain a bonus feat in addition to those gained from normal advancement . These bonus feats must be selected from those that list the wild shape class feature as a prerequisite . When taking feats in this way they ignore caster level and wisdom prerequisites .
If a feat works with spells ( such as Wild Speech ) it works with their spell-like abilities as well . If a feat requires the expenditure of daily uses of wild shape ( such as Planar Wild Shape ) they may still use it . If they already have all of the feats that meet this feature 's restriction they may select any feat they meet the prerequisites for .
Behind the Scenes
I wanted to make a Druid archetype that focuses on wild shape and does not have spellcasting .
Replacing Spellcasting with Something Equivalent
Spellcasting is exceedingly powerful , and scales as you level up .
The Favored Enemy and Favored Terrain class features from the Ranger is both powerful and scales , however it is not as powerful . The buffs to wild shape ( which scale ) took care of the rest of the power discrepancy .
Since the first option of Nature Bond modifies their spell casting , I replaced it with the Ranger 's first option in order to retain a choice as it works well with the other Ranger abilities they have received .
To keep with the Druid 's nature-based theme I gave them the Orisons as spell-like abilities , which I believe does n't effect their power level dramatically . They retain their ability to use summon nature 's ally , however they can not do so as often as their base druid counterparts .
Buffing Wild Shape
I gave Wild Shape to them at 2nd level , made it unlimited at 4th , I gave them the ability to change into vermin , oozes , and magical beasts , and a few other benefits ( such as the wild armor special ability and quick wild shape feat modifications ) .
I gave them built-in ways to access wild shape class feature feats .
Since this archetype focuses on martial combat I have given it a d10 hit die and full BAB progression .
Other Notes
I was n't able to solve their wild shape not scaling past 14th level , though the expanded types of creatures available and the extra feats they get might be good enough .
I allowed the Bonus Wild Feat to grant regular feats if there are no more wild feats available because the only way for that to happen is if the player selected wild feats using their normal feat allotment , so in the end there is no net gain .
This should be able to work with any of the ANIMAL Shaman druid archetypes .
* Note - There is no spell 'vermin shape III ' . It is referenced in Ultimate Wilderness and it 's expected an erratta/faq will create the spell .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A federal judge on Tuesday blocked the Trump administration from enforcing a threat to take away funds from sanctuary cities -- the latest blow from the federal judiciary to President Donald Trump 's immigration agenda .
In a ruling delivered Thursday , Judge William H. Orrick sided with Santa Clara , the city of San San Francisco and other cities , who argued that a threat to take away federal funds from cities that do not cooperate with some federal immigration enforcement could be unconstitutional .
In granting a nationwide injunction , Orrick blocked the government from enforcing a key portion of Trump 's January executive order on immigration , which ordered the Department of Homeland Security and Justice Department to block cities who do not cooperate with federal immigration enforcement from receiving federal funds .
While Orrick 's ruling does not find the policy unconstitutional , they did find that the counties and cities that challenged the law demonstrated they could face `` immediate irreparable harm '' if the policy were allowed to be put into place , and that their constitutional challenge could succeed once the case is fully heard .
They did leave the government some wiggle room , saying that their order does not block the government from enforcing conditions on federal grants nor does it block the government from creating a definition of sanctuary jurisdictions -- but the government will not be able to block federal funds from going to those cities as Trump ordered .
`` The Counties have demonstrated that they are likely to succeed on the merits of their challenge to Section 9 ( a ) of the Executive Order , that they will suffer irreparable harm absent an injunction , and that the balance of harms and public interest weigh in their favor , '' Orrick wrote .
Threats to defund sanctuary cities have been a key piece of Trump 's immigration agenda in the beginning of their administration , and Attorney General Jeff Sessions sent letters last week to nine cities requiring them to verify they are compliant with a piece of US law mentioned in the executive order as a pre-condition of their receiving law enforcement grants they applied for .
That pre-condition was actually put in place by the Obama administration , and mayors have said that piece of law is something they actually comply with that law , which requires communication of citizenship status of individuals , even if they do n't cooperate with other requests from federal immigration law enforcement .
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Image copyright AFP
Samsung chief Lee Jae-yong has been questioned for a second time as a suspect in South Korea 's biggest political corruption scandal .
Prosecutors are expected to decide based on the hearing whether they will seek an arrest warrant for Mr Lee .
The firm is accused of giving donations to non-profit foundations run by a confidante of President Park Geun-hye in exchange for political favours .
`` I will once again tell the truth , '' Mr Lee told reporters before the hearing .
The Samsung chief had already been questioned with several other company executives in January but a subsequent court ruling decided there were insufficient grounds for an arrest .
Yet during the past weeks investigators reviewed the case and decided there were new aspects that required further questioning .
The claims against the company revolve around a merger between the electronics giant 's construction arm , Samsung C & T , and an affiliate firm , Cheil Industries .
The prosecution alleges that Samsung gave 2.8m euros ( $ 3.1m ; £2.5m ) to a company co-owned by Park confidante Choi Soon-sil and their daughter , in return for political support for the deal .
The scandal led to President Park being impeached last December .
Image copyright AFP Image caption To President Park 's opponents , they are a political puppet
Lee Jae-yong , also known as Jay Y. Lee , first gave evidence in front of a parliamentary hearing in December last year . Since January they have been treated as an official suspect in the case .
At the parliamentary hearing , Samsung admitted giving a total of 20.4bn won ( £16m ; $ 17.46m ) to the two foundations , but denied seeking favours in return .
And Mr Lee also confirmed the firm gave a horse and money to help the equestrian career of Ms Choi 's daughter , Chung Yoo-ra , something they said they now regretted .
Mr Lee is currently vice-chairperson of Samsung Electronics . But since their father , Lee Kun-hee , suffered a heart attack in 2014 , they are considered de facto boss of the entire Samsung Group conglomerate .
Lee Jae-yong Samsung 's heir apparent - Grandson of Samsung founder Lee Byung-chul , son of current chairperson Lee Kun-hee .
- Also known as Jay Y Lee , the 48-year-old has spent their entire career in the company .
- Is vice chairperson of Samsung Electronics and was nominated to join the firm 's board in October 2016 .
- Despite their arrest , still widely expected to take overall control of Samsung .
- Critics say their rise through Samsung has been due to their birth , not their business experience . Getty Images
Politicians voted on 9 December to impeach President Park over the scandal - a decision South Korea 's constitutional court has six months to uphold or overturn .
Until then they remain formally president but stripped of their powers , which are handed to the prime minister , a presidential appointee .
Ms Choi is on trial for charges including corruption and coercion .
Ms Park 's position began to unravel in October last year when details of their friendship with Ms Choi began to emerge .
They included revelations that the president had allowed their old friend - who holds no government role - to edit political speeches .
Since then , hundreds of thousands of protestors have gathered every weekend in Seoul to demand Ms Park stands down .
Ms Park denies wrongdoing but has apologised for the way they managed their relationship with Ms Choi , who also denies committing criminal offences .
Twins normally share either half or all their genes
The journal Nature says the twins are identical on their mother 's side , but share only half their genes on their father 's side .
They are the result of two sperm cells fertilising a single egg , which then divided to form two embryos - and each sperm contributed genes to each child .
Each stage is unlikely , and scientists believe the twins are probably unique .
Whether these things are academic curiosities , or whether we 've overlooked something significant is hard to say
David Bonthron , University of Leeds
These twins were born in the US , but neither their identity nor their exact location is being revealed .
Their case is also reported in the journal Human Genetics .
Normally , twins either develop from the same egg which later splits to form identical twins - who share all their genetic material , or from two separate eggs which are fertilised by two separate sperm .
This creates non-identical ( fraternal ) twins - who share on average 50 % of their genetic material .
Sometimes , two sperm can fertilise a single egg , but this is only thought to happen in about 1 % of human conceptions .
Most embryos created this way do not survive .
Hermaphrodite
These twins , who were conceived normally , only came to the attention of scientists because one was born with sexually ambiguous genitalia .
The child was discovered to be a hermaphrodite , and has both ovarian and testicular tissue , while the other child is anatomically male .
But genetic tests show both are `` chimeras '' , and have some male cells - which have an X and Y chromosome , and female cells - which have two X chromosomes .
The most likely explanation for how they were formed is that two sperm cells - one with an X chromosome and one with a Y chromosome - fused with a single egg .
The twins are now toddlers , and doctors say they are progressing well .
Another case 'unlikely '
Vivienne Souter , a geneticist at the Banner Good Samaritan Medical Center in Phoenix , Arizona who investigated the case , said : `` Their similarity is somewhere between identical and fraternal twins .
`` It makes me wonder whether the current classification of twins is an oversimplification . ''
Charles Boklage , an expert on twinning who works at Eastern Carolina University in Greenville , North Carolina , said : `` There 's value in understanding that this can happen , but it 's extremely unlikely that we 'll ever see another case . ''
And David Bonthron , a geneticist at the University of Leeds , said : `` The number of these cases is very small , but before they were reported , most people would have said this could never happen . ''
They added : `` Whether these things are academic curiosities , or whether we 've overlooked something significant is hard to say .
`` A lot of what we know about fertilisation is deductive , because we ca n't observe these events in humans . ''
We are at a critical point in the history of software . As a society , we are becoming increasingly reliant on code , whether it 's managing our banking , controlling our vehicles and critical infrastructure , or operating our medical devices . Meanwhile , every business now relies on software as a source of strategic differentiation , competitive advantage and top-line revenue generation . Cyberattackers have taken note of this increasing attack surface , compromising systems at an alarming rate .
One of the leading causes of data breaches over the past two years has been vulnerable Web applications , according to Verizon 's 2015 Data Breach Investigations Report . And according to analytics from Veracode 's most recent State of Software Security report , 72 percent of commercial software fails the OWASP Top 10 standard , which is the policy used by the credit card industry in its PCI DSS standard .
Peter “ Mudge ” Zatko , my colleague from L0pht Heavy Industries , a security-researcher think tank started in the '90s , had this to say on Twitter : “ Those impeding progress by refusing to allow their software and systems to be critiqued and improved upon , are on the wrong side of history. ” Software has become critical to our society today — so much so that its producers can no longer tell consumers , “ Trust me . ”
We now rely on software for everything — health , safety and well-being — and a policy of “ just trust me to handle the security of our software ” puts us all at risk . It is no longer acceptable to fail to demonstrate that you actually are producing secure software . There 's too much at stake , and customers are well attuned to the risks created by their software supply chain . They want assurances and independent validation that the software they procure from their software providers is compliant with their corporate security policies .
After all , many other industries — such as transportation , food and pharmaceuticals — require independent audits and assessments related to product safety . This is a common practice of checks and balances aimed at addressing product issues that would otherwise harm consumers . Why should software be any different , particularly when poorly written software can lead to injury resulting from things like medicine delivery-pump failure , or loss of control of a vehicle traveling on a highway ?
This week , Mary Ann Davidson , Oracle 's CISO , lit a firestorm in the security industry when they posted a blog titled “ No , You Really Ca n't ” ( archived here ) . It has since been removed by Oracle because it did not “ reflect our beliefs or our relationship with our customers , ” according to a statement by Edward Screven , the executive vice president and chief corporate architect at the company .
Yet , it certainly did for Davidson , who runs Oracle 's security ( producers of Java , as well as of critical ERP and financial applications that run many of our largest enterprises ) .
The gist of the piece is that there is no need for external testing of Oracle 's software , and that if you do attempt to validate its “ Trust us ” claim with third-party assessments or as an independent security researcher , you are breaking its end-user license agreement , or EULA . That could net you the attention of Oracle 's lawyers and a strongly worded letter demanding that you stop . I know , as I 've received such a letter for the work my company does to provide such third-party code audits for our enterprise customers .
There was nothing surprising in the blog post to me , because I knew Davidson 's position very well . Our history dates back to nearly the beginning of Veracode , when in 2007 , we asked them to advise on our approach to becoming a third-party assessor . They accepted .
So , with the counsel of Mary Ann Davidson and security leaders at other well-respected companies , we designed a solution that could be used by enterprises to evaluate the security of their software-supply chains . Our approach was based on binary static analysis , a new technology that allowed the detection of vulnerabilities without requiring access to source code , thus protecting the software provider 's intellectual property . Because we delivered this capability as an automated cloud-based service , with a self-service model accessible directly by the software provider , we were able to act as a neutral and independent assessor of software supply-chain security .
This is how it works : The enterprise customer specifies a minimum security policy that a software provider has to meet ( such as the OWASP Top 10 ) . To avoid running afoul of EULAs , the provider uploads a binary form of its software for automated analysis . We provide the results of the assessment directly to the provider so they can remediate their code . The enterprise never has access to the code itself , nor to the vulnerability report — it 's sent directly to the provider , who benefits from being alerted to critical vulnerabilities that it previously did n't know about .
The result is that enterprises can now hold their software suppliers accountable for vulnerable code that would otherwise introduce risk to their corporate networks and sensitive data . Software providers now have to meet their customer 's expectations about supply-chain security . This was a new concept when it was first introduced . In the past , vendors were always able to say , “ Trust us. ” Now there is a viable third-party assessment process that ameliorates concerns about intellectual property protection and keeps sensitive vulnerability information private between the assessor and the assessed .
As we rolled out the solution , our enterprise customers began to contractually require software-provider assessments as a standard part of their purchasing processes . The system worked , and many software providers sought our help . Surprisingly , one of the first to come out against the process was Mary Ann Davidson , in a 2011 blog post .
The gist of their argument was , “ We have security covered , so trust us. ” I 've yet to meet a security professional from any walk of life who does n't believe in the “ trust but verify ” motto . In fact , standard certifications like SOC 2 for cloud service providers are specifically designed to provide third-party audits and verification of a service provider 's security posture .
Davidson does make some good points about receiving raw analysis results and the confusion this can cause , resulting either from false positives or a lack of knowledge of mitigations in the code that can prevent exploitation . I agree ! That is why Veracode created our third-party assessment program , where we engage directly with software providers . Our remediation consultants work directly with software providers to help them understand which results are false positives and which are mitigated by design or the environment , as well as help their developers understand secure coding practices and remediate vulnerabilities more quickly and efficiently . The system works , and Veracode has helped organizations remediate 4.7 million vulnerabilities in the last year alone .
It is now clear that digitization and interconnectedness are the single biggest factors that will drive societal progress and economic growth for the foreseeable future . In order for this to happen , however , we must be able to trust the security of the software that runs the world and our lives . And that requires everyone involved — including commercial software providers , enterprises , independent third-party assessors and security researchers — to be transparent and collaborative .
We all want the same thing : A safer world that comes from secure software .
Chris Wysopal is chief technology officer and chief information security officer of Veracode , which they co-founded in 2006 . They oversee technology strategy and information security . Prior to Veracode , they were vice president of research and development at security consultancy @ stake , which was acquired by Symantec . In the 1990s , Wysopal was one of the original vulnerability researchers at The L0pht , a hacker think tank , where they were one of the first to publicize the risks of insecure software . They have testified before the U.S. Congress on the subjects of government security and how vulnerabilities are discovered in software . They are the author of “ The Art of Software Security Testing. ” Reach them @ WeldPond .
Remember being told when you were young not to talk to strangers ?
Two young adults in love started Kindness Captured : A Day Of Bravery And Kindness to challenge just that .
Greg Grano and Sarah Sellman organized the first Kindness Captured day in 2012 to simultaneously take place in Syracuse , New York City , Richmond , Seattle , and Denver for 10 hours . Each hour , a team of 3-5 people would get together , receives a kindness mission , a city location , and then go out and do kind deeds for strangers using a single kindness kit .
The good deeds ranged from handing out bottles of water , popsicles , and flowers , to paying for people 's coffee , to mailing postcards to random addresses in the phonebook , to leaving lottery tickets under windshield wipers .
“ Before we did this event , we had spent the summer approaching strangers and asking them if we could stay at their homes for our film American Bear , so this event was really easy and exciting for us , ” Sarah told the Good News Network , “ but we knew that it would be psychologically challenging for people who have gotten used to the current societal expectation of limited interactions with strangers . ”
American Bear : An Adventure In The Kindness Of Strangers is a documentary featuring the fearless duo setting out from Syracuse , NY to visit 30 states in 60 days , and asking strangers if they can sleep in their houses for the night . The film is filled with joyful interactions Sarah and Greg had while on their journey , showing just how willing Americans are to help total strangers .
Inspired by all of the hospitality and kindness they 'd received on their journey , they decided to give back to their community with the Kindness Captured events .
“ We wanted to challenge our community… and we did , ” says Greg . “ But I think the reward is always greater than the challenge . It 's a pretty classic risk/reward system . You take a risk by approaching a stranger , but when they respond positively , the reward response in your brain is huge ! We 've forgotten , culturally , how good it feels to really connect to someone you do n't know . Do a kindness for another person . It feels amazing . ”
Greg and Sarah have since had several more Kindness Captured days , over 70 events and screenings of their film , a Facebook campaign called Cards For Strangers , and a cupcake giveaway in Denver .
If you would like to be notified about Kindness events near you , you can sign up for their newsletter at the bottom of the American Bear website .
Spread the kindness ! ( below )
As the medical marijuana market continues to grow , so does the number of biotech companies expanding their research into the development of innovative cannabinoid-based pharmaceuticals and delivery systems . It is estimated that the U.S. consumer market for cannabinoid pharmaceuticals will increase exponentially in upcoming years , exceeding $ 50 billion by 2029 , according to Statista . This does n't appear to be a lofty forecast , given the prominence this market segment has gained by the sustained efforts and innovations of leading biotech companies such as InMed Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( IMLFF ) ( InMed Profile ) , GW Pharmaceuticals plc ( GWPH ) , Zynerba Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( ZYNE ) , AXIM® Biotechnologies , Inc. ( AXIM ) and OWC Pharmaceutical Research Corp. ( OWCP ) . From multiple sclerosis symptoms to gastrointestinal problems and rare skin conditions , cannabinoids are increasingly demonstrating potential for a variety of medical conditions . The biotech companies developing and commercializing these new therapies are on a path to market stardom .
Topical delivery , targeting to treat diseases on a local ( rather than systemic ) basis , is a preferred approach for various cannabinoid therapies , especially those targeting skin conditions . Canada-based InMed Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( IMLFF ) ( InMed Profile ) , flagship product , INM-750 , is a cannabinoid-based topical therapy for a rare skin condition called Epidermolysis Bullosa ( EB ) . INM-750 is the first treatment ever developed specifically for this disease . Although , as of now , there is no cure for EB , INM-750 has the potential to accelerate wound healing and skin regeneration ; alleviate several symptoms such as inflammation , itching and pain ; and modulate keratin levels in the skin , with potentially regenerative and restorative effects . With a potential global market of $ 1 billion per year , the treatment is being developed for topical application so as to maximize efficacy while minimizing side effects . InMed 's second product candidate , INM-085 , is targeting glaucoma and is also being developed for topical ( eye drop ) application . With an estimated 2.7 million patients in the U.S. and a global market exceeding $ 5 billion , INM-085 will be the first glaucoma treatment designed to be a multi-mechanism , multi-target of action therapy based on cannabinoids .
In addition to its innovative drug delivery systems , what sets InMed apart further is its groundbreaking , proprietary biosynthesis process for the manufacture of all 90+ known cannabinoids that occur naturally in the marijuana plant . This cost-effective , innovative approach has already proven successful at laboratory scale , and it is likely to make InMed a game-changer in the booming cannabinoid pharmaceutical market . Most biotech companies in the field , including giants such as GW Pharmaceuticals ( GWPH ) , focus on traditional cannabinoid extraction methods that require tons of marijuana plants and tens of millions of dollars in expenses . This costly process is also resource intensive , with various factors that can impact quality control , just to get the two most common cannabinoids : tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) and cannabidiol ( CBD ) . The extraction of less common cannabinoids is even more expensive , making such traditional processing methods highly unfeasible .
But InMed 's biosynthesis process , much like Eli Lilly 's current method for making human insulin , can change all of that . The company 's high-yield/low-cost approach will allow the industry to tap into the potential of cannabinoids present in marijuana plants by creating them in a laboratory setting in a safe and scalable manner . With its top-tier management and board , which includes Chief Scientific Officer and global leader in cannabinoid science Dr. Sazzad Hossain and Chief Medical Officer Ado Muhammed – a former senior member of GW Pharmaceuticals and a proven leader in the development of cannabinoid-based therapies , InMed has the right expertise , the right team and the right science to cause a major shift in the market and turn it into a billion-dollar business .
Another company that focuses on transdermal cannabinoid-based therapies with very encouraging results is Israel 's OWC Pharmaceutical Research Corp. ( OWCP ) . The company manufactures products for various conditions , including PTSD , multiple myeloma , migraines and psoriasis , and it is focused on the development and optimization of two proprietary delivery systems : a sublingual tablet and a topical compound . OWC 's research efforts are spearheaded by Chief Science Officer Dr. Yehuda Baruh , former head of the medical cannabis program of the Israeli Ministry of Health for over 10 years . Last month , the company received Institutional Board Review approval to run safety testing on its topical cream for the treatment of psoriasis and related conditions , making it the first topical delivery mechanism and proprietary cannabinoid-based psoriasis formulation to be included in the NIH Registry .
Yet another innovative delivery method for cannabinoid-based therapies comes from AXIM® Biotechnologies , Inc. ( AXIM ) . With a market cap of $ 490 million , AXIM® is a leading cannabinoid research and development company that focuses on creating pharmaceutical , cosmetic and nutraceutical products . Its pharmaceutical products target mostly pain , anxiety and spasticity , as well as other medical conditions that can benefit from cannabinoid-based treatments . Its flagship products both use an innovative delivery method , being manufactured in the form of chewing gum , including : CanChew® – a CBD-based controlled release product for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS ) , and MedChew Rx – a CBD/THC combination currently undergoing clinical trials for the treatment of multiple sclerosis-associated pain and spasticity . The company recently announced the launch of a phase 2 clinical trial for CanChew Plus® , which enrolls 40 trial patients suffering from IBS .
Another successful cannabis biotech company , Zynerba Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( ZYNE ) , has taken the process one step further , focusing on the development of novel synthetic cannabinoid treatments designed for transdermal delivery . With a market cap of more than $ 260 million and a stock price of over $ 20 per share , Zynerba is developing two proprietary therapies : a synthetic tetrahydrocannabinol pro-drug transdermal patch for peripheral neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia , and a transdermal synthetic cannabinoid gel for osteoarthritis , fragile X syndrome and refractory epilepsy . Earlier this year , the company launched an underwritten public offering of 2.8 million shares at $ 18 per share , with expected proceeds of over $ 50 million to continue funding the clinical development of its proprietary therapies .
As mentioned above , GW Pharmaceuticals plc ( GWPH ) is a leading industry player and a clear example of a medical marijuana firm whose stock has been skyrocketing as a result of successfully isolating different cannabinoids from marijuana plants and turning them into efficient medical therapies . The UK-based biopharmaceutical company has discovered an oromucosal spray for multiple sclerosis spasticity , which is already being successfully marketed in dozens of countries . Furthermore , it has isolated another cannabinoid to be used for the treatment of epilepsy , which is currently in the final clinical trial states before approval , and the company is also developing other product candidates for a wide range of medical conditions such as tuberous sclerosis complex , Dravet syndrome , infantile spasms , Lennox-Gastaut syndrome , glioma and schizophrenia . The company 's success in developing effective and innovative cannabinoid-based therapies over the last few years has earned it a market cap of more than $ 3 billion and a share price of over $ 120 .
For more information on InMed Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( IMLFF ) please visit : https : //www.inmedpharma.com/insights/2017
About NetworkNewsWire
NetworkNewsWire ( NNW ) provides news aggregation and syndication , enhanced press release services and a full array of social communication solutions . As a multifaceted financial news and distribution company with an extensive team of contributing journalists and writers , NNW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies that desire to reach a wide audience of investors , consumers , journalists and the general public . NNW has an ever-growing distribution network of more than 5,000 key syndication outlets across the country . By cutting through the overload of information in today 's market , NNW brings its clients unparalleled visibility , recognition and brand awareness . NNW is where news , content and information converge .
Please see full disclaimers on the NetworkNewsWire website applicable to all content provided by NNW , wherever published or re-published : http : //NNW.fm/Disclaimer
NetworkNewsWire ( NNW )
New York , New York
www.NetworkNewsWire.com
212.418.1217 Office
Editor @ NetworkNewsWire.com
Brendan Rodgers is considering handing the Liverpool captaincy to Luis Suárez when they head to White Hart Lane without Steven Gerrard on Sunday .
Gerrard is out until January with a hamstring injury suffered against West Ham United and , with vice-captain Daniel Agger uncertain of a recall , the in-form Suárez is in contention to lead Liverpool for the first time in their career .
Glen Johnson took the armband when Gerrard was withdrawn last weekend and Agger will resume the captaincy should they displace Mamadou Sakho in central defence . That is not guaranteed , however , and Rodgers has refused to rule out making Suárez captain just four months after they agitated for a move from Anfield .
`` Daniel Agger is fit , '' the Liverpool manager said . `` He did n't train at the start of the week because they were ill , but they have been training now and he 's available for selection . We shall see who will be captain . ''
Asked if Suárez could take the captaincy , Rodgers added : `` Would Luis be ready ? 100 % , absolutely . We will have to wait and see what my decision is at White Hart Lane . You 'll see then . ''
The updates just keep on rolling in—Custom CSS has just landed in Jetpack ! You now have the ability to add to or replace your theme 's CSS right from your blog dashboard , no child theme required .
To use the CSS editor , first make sure the Custom CSS panel is activated on your main Jetpack page and go to Appearance → Edit CSS . You 'll find the editing interface is fueled up with features like syntax coloring , auto-indentation , and immediate feedback on the validity of the CSS you 're writing . Revisions are saved in case you make a mistake , and invalid CSS is removed on save .
In addition , we 're always working to improve the existing features in Jetpack . Jetpack Comments got a nice UI improvement in this release : when you submit a comment , there 's no more annoying fullpage load on jetpack.wordpress.com . Everything stays on your site 🙂 Also , if you 're using the pretty ( a.k.a . not “ official ” ) sharing buttons , we 've added share counts to the Twitter , Facebook , and LinkedIn buttons .
Last but not least , no release is complete without bug fixes . We fixed a bunch of bugs in the Sharing , Contact Form , Subscriptions , Carousel , and other features . For a more complete list of bug fixes , see the changelog .
Explore the benefits of Jetpack plans Compare plans in detail to see how Jetpack can help you design , market , and secure your WordPress site . Compare plans
Image caption Rose and Bob Simpson died after being hit by Hoy 's Toyota car
A woman who knocked down and killed an elderly couple by overtaking at a pedestrian crossing has been jailed .
Bob and Rose Simpson , aged 87 and 84 , died when they were knocked down by Caroline Hoy in Largs , Ayrshire , in August 2013 .
Hoy , of Saltcoats , was jailed for 16 months after admitting driving without due care and attention .
They had been angered by the slowness of the car in front and sped past glaring at the driver and making hand gestures .
They failed to spot Mr and Mrs Simpson , who had been married for 66 years , as they were crossing the road .
Mr Simpson was killed outright while their wife was airlifted to Glasgow 's Southern General Hospital , where they later died .
CCTV images showed Hoy 's red Toyota speeding through Largs at 43mph in a 30mph zone .
Family impact
Sheriff Iona McDonald told Hoy their conduct had been at the `` higher end '' of careless driving and the stretch of road had not been particularly dangerous .
They added : `` I was shown CCTV evidence prior to the accident , which showed you driving over the speed limit before the pelican crossing and unable to stop and have time to avoid Mr and Mrs Simpson .
`` It is important to realise the impact on the Simpson family . They were parents and grandparents , with many friends , and they are all devastated and traumatised by this tragic accident . ''
Speaking after the tragedy , Mr and Mrs Simpson 's son Joe , 57 , said it was fitting that they died together , as one could not have gone on without the other .
They added : `` It 's hard for us to take that they are both gone but in a way it 's better that one of them did not have to suffer that devastating loss .
`` They would have been holding hands when they crossed the road and were hit by the car . It 's just the kind of loving couple they were . ''
After Controversy , David Petraeus Will Now Earn $ 1 Teaching
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Former CIA Director Gen. David Petraeus has decided to take a huge pay cut . The former commander of the allied forces in Iraq and Afghanistan will now make $ 1 to teach a course at City University of New York 's honors college .
As you might expect , the concession comes after a bit of controversy stirred by Gawker earlier this month . The gossip site filed Freedom of Information Act request and found out the general was offered $ 200,000 a year `` to work three hours a week . '' Here 's how Gawker framed the story at the time :
`` A first-time adjunct professor teaching a full course load at the City University of New York can expect to pull in around $ 25,000 per year . If you recently resigned as C.I.A . director over a long-time affair with your biographer , however , you can expect to be paid eight times as much for a fraction of the work . ''
The New York Times reported Monday that professors and politicians expressed outrage and then Petraeus and the university relented . The paper reports :
`` 'The general never was taking on this teaching assignment for the money , ' said Robert Barnett , their lawyer , who , along with CUNY , confirmed the salary change . 'Once controversy arose about the amount they were being paid , they decided it was much more important to keep the focus on the students , on the school and on the teaching , and not have it be about the money . ' So Mr. Petraeus proposed waiving their salary 'to remove money as a point of controversy , ' Mr. Barnett said . `` Mr. Petraeus declined to comment . ''
Petraeus will teach a class called `` Are We on the Threshold of the North American Decade . ''
A Fathom Adonia cruise ship photo tour .
Thinking about planning a cruise vacation aboard the Fathom Adonia ? Although these impact cruises wo n't operate beyond June 2017 , now is the perfect time to hop on board while you still can – and maybe even score a great deal on a cruise ! The Fathom Adonia sails to the Dominican Republic and Cuba . While I sailed on a cruise to the Dominican Republic , this article will be valuable to anyone cruising on the Adonia .
In an effort to make you feel like you 're already there , here 's a Fathom Adonia cruise ship photo tour . I 'll include pictures of the outside cabin that I shared with my sister , the restaurants , some public areas , the upper decks , the swimming pool , and much more . Even though the Fathom Adonia is a smaller cruise ship , that does n't mean that there are n't things to do and places to explore .
OUR CABIN – D048
Welcome to our home for the week , cabin D048 . You 'll notice the fun plate on the wall beside the cabin door . There were erasable markers floating around the hallways where we could fill in the blanks . I giggled at some of the answers as I read other passengers ' notes as I walked down the hallway . The best spirit animal for the week was a manatee , hands down .
Our cabin had two twin beds or one queen bed . We had two twin beds as I did n't want to have to sleep in the same bed as my sister , hah ! Our room flight attendant did an excellent job keeping our room tidy each day ; it was cleaned once in the morning and once at night . The cabin window was large and offered fantastic views of the ocean or Amber Cove when we docked in the Dominican Republic . When closed , the curtain blocked out all light so my sleep was n't disrupted when the sun came up .
I loved the amount of storage space in this cabin . There were multiple drawers , a large closet space with many hangers , and even more drawers in the working desk and side tables . Even with two women staying in the cabin who brought a lot of stuff , we had lots of leftover empty storage space . We stowed our empty suitcases under the bed so we did n't have to look at those all week .
The bathroom was a typically small cruise ship bathroom . There was a sink , a toilet , and a shower . Lots of storage space in here , too – a full bathroom shelf and shelves within a glass cabinet . I also enjoyed how the shower did n't leak water all over the bathroom floor , a problem I 've had on previous cruise ships .
In addition , our room came with a flatscreen TV with a few ship channels and cable channels , a little refrigerator , a kettle with tea and coffee , a hair dryer , a phone , and a safe .
THE ATRIUM
The central atrium of the ship is a great meeting space with attractions or dining options . On the Adonia , the main staircase was reminiscent of the one from the Titanic . An elegant staircase designed with wrought-iron railings allowed passengers to move between decks four and five . On deck four , you 'll find the main reception desk , a place to book the shore excursions , and a seating area to relax . On deck five , you 'll find a variety of shops that are open exclusively on sea days .
Unlike other cruise ships , there were empowering messages written across the walls . All passengers were encouraged to write a postcard to themselves , which they will receive at some point in the future when they 've returned home ( still waiting on mine ! ) . There 's also a video booth where guests can record a personal message about their Fathom cruise experience .
Fun fact : If you 've ever sailed on the Royal Princess between 2007 and 2011 , this is the same cruise ship !
RESTAURANTS
The main restaurant for dinner and lunch on sea days is the Pacific Restaurant . It 's located on deck five . To reach the Pacific Restaurant , you walk right through the coffee shop called Raffles . I went here daily ( okay , multiple times a day ) for brewed coffee , espresso beverages , and iced tea . The prices were reasonable and the coffee was delicious .
I 've written a lengthier blog post about everything I ate on board the Fathom Adonia , including every vegan and vegetarian option on the ship .
For less formal dining options , check out the Conservatory ( the buffet ) and the Lido Grill for burgers and fries . There 's also the Ocean Grill , a separate dining room available at an additional cost ( $ 25/pp ) . We never dined at the Ocean Grill as they served a lot of seafood ( and we 're both vegetarian ! ) .
BARS AND LOUNGES
The Fathom Adonia has a huge variety of places to sit and socialize . There are multiple rooms to enjoy a drink , sit in a quiet area , or participate in the daily entertainment options .
On deck 5 , the Curzon Lounge was the place to watch movies and live music . We attended a small group lecture here as well .
Also on deck 5 , Anderson 's reminded me of an upscale version of someone 's basement . There are wood-paneled walls covered in interesting plaques , and many comfortable couches and chairs to enjoy a beer with friends .
Up on deck 10 , the Crow 's Nest provided great views looking out to the ocean with large , glass windows . We enjoyed a drink up there in a quiet and intimate atmosphere . At the same time , we visited this lounge when it was quite rowdy during trivia night . During the day , we met with our Fathom impact guides in small groups to discuss our volunteer activities in the Dominican Republic .
The Glass House is a wine bar where you can purchase wine by the glass , bottle , or flight . We did n't manage to fit in a wine tasting during this cruise , but maybe next time !
ACTIVITIES
The Fathom Adonia 's gym had tons of cardio and weight equipment , especially for such a small ship . Robyn and I also signed up for free yoga classes and one paid spin class ( $ 12/pp ) through the gym . If you feel like getting in a workout on your cruise , you 'll have no problem doing so . Furthermore , there 's a jogging track in the middle of the ship above the swimming pool area . I went on many walks around the track so I could enjoy the sunshine and get some exercise .
Before entering the gym , you walk through the spa area . There are several spa treatments , and there 's even a separate pool near the spa at an extra cost . We never checked out the pool as we did n't want to pay for anything extra , but it could be well worth it if you want a more private experience .
The library was perhaps the most peaceful spot of all . There were tons of books and board games that you could sign out during the cruise . There was also a computer for checking email , and you could speak to a representative about Internet services there . I found that the Wi-Fi was relatively speedy , considering we were at times in the middle of the ocean . Wi-Fi is available at an extra cost , and you can purchase Internet packages on board .
OUTDOOR AREAS
You 'll find the swimming pool and two hot tubs outside in the middle of the ship . There are a couple of levels outdoors , providing the perfect view for the sailaway party from Miami ( and approaching/sailing away from the Dominican Republic ) . There are many loungers and places to sit outside , and we never had a problem securing a chair near the pool . There 's a bar near the pool where you can order drinks . We also loved playing some of the games near the pool , like foosball and ping pong .
Although the Adonia is a smaller ship , it never felt crowded . It was really easy to find my way around , and I got to know the ship quite well even within the first day on board . I 've never cruised on a smaller ship before , but I would definitely do it again if given the chance . While this cruise ship did n't have some of the perks or activities of a larger ship , it had an intimate and quiet atmosphere that could n't be matched on a bigger vessel .
Hope you enjoyed this Fathom Adonia cruise ship photo tour , a virtual tour around the cruise ship from anywhere in the world .
For more pictures of the Fathom Adonia and our cruise to the Dominican Republic , please check out my Fathom Cruise Photo Album .
PIN this image to your Pinterest board for future reference . Click the top left corner .
Disclaimer : Thank you so much to Fathom Cruises for inviting me to sail aboard the Adonia . My opinions , as always , are entirely my own .
“ Stand amongst the ashes of a trillion dead souls and ask the ghosts if honor matters. ” – Javik , Mass Effect 3
The helicopter flew low over snow-covered trees . The wake of disturbed air created a white mist behind them , flaring outward in concentric circles before falling to the earth again . The wind was biting cold and the heavy thumping of the rotor blades made the chill air blow strong into uncovered faces .
Six men sat within , the pilot and co-pilot were up front while four others crouched in the loading area . Three were all dressed the same , with black BDUs , bulletproof vests and tactical slings . M4s were stowed between their legs . Unlike the AR-15 , the M4s civilian-approved cousin , these guns were military issued and had fully automatic fire . Only these men were n't military . Not anymore .
The patches on their shoulders read KSF : Kurama Security Forces .
Chris Fox held their SCAR 17 across their lap , the muzzle facing the open door . The man across from them was grinning . The man 's beard was thin , closely cropped across a wide , dimpled chin and mottled gray and brown . The hard look in their eyes matched Chris 's . They 'd both seen the Beast , something soldiers called Combat . They 'd seen other things together , horrible things . That they were paid handsomely for the work did n't seem to matter much anymore .
“ What 'd you tell her ? ” Bill said , speaking across the headsets they wore .
Chris shrugged , not wanting to talk about the daughter he 'd left sealed in their bunker . They are n't supposed to be here . He 'd made contingencies , plans to keep them safe . They and their mother were to be evacuated first when Zero Event occurred . He 'd gotten confirmation that their ex-wife was safe an hour before Katie had called him .
Katie .
They did n't belong wrapped up in this , but there was nothing for it now . He 'd trained her , but he 'd never really believed she 'd need it . Zero Event was calculated . Plans were made . SOPs were in place .
Obviously , they 'd all failed .
They looked out across the treetops and spotted the radio tower he 'd mentioned to Katie . Grabbing hold of the door 's safety grips , they leaned further out , trying to get a good look at it . What they saw turned their pale skin white as milk .
Infected were everywhere . They milled about within the chain-linked fence and were climbing in and out of the shattered windows . The tower itself was littered with bodies . Someone had tried to climb it . Them remains were just tatters , stuck through the piping . Shit .
They called into their headset , hoping the pilots were on the same wave .
“ I need to make a CB call ! ”
A moment later the pilot 's voice responded . “ Frequency ? ”
“ Zero-Niner-Charlie . ”
“ Message ? ”
“ Radio Tower overrun . Do not approach . Repeat , do not approach . ”
“ Copy . ”
Several minutes passed as the chopper cruised passed the radio tower and onward towards Solon 's . They waited anxiously while the pilot , or likely the co-pilot , relayed their message . They could only hope that Katie heard it . I was stupid to tell them to go there .
“ Sir ? ” the pilot was broadcasting again . They almost missed it and clicked the return button .
“ Did it go through ? ”
“ Yes , sir . No response . ”
“ Send it again , every two minutes . ”
“ Yes , sir . ”
Bill frowned at him , squinting their eyes . The expression was a silent question . Chris swallowed and pointed back towards the radio station .
“ I told Katie to go there if the CB goes down . ”
“ How long did you tell them to wait ? ”
“ Two weeks . ”
“ We 'll be done in three days , ” Bill said and grinned again . “ Just like old times . ”
No , Chris thought as they stared back at the tower . This is n't anything like that .
#
“ Two minutes ! ” the pilot called over the intercom .
The chopper was cruising fast and low towards Solon 's Wake . The town was full of low buildings made of brick , all in neat and orderly rows . It was dominated by a single , enormous graveyard at its center . The dead laid to rest there numbered in the hundreds and dated as far back as the Revolutionary War . From the looks of it , the walking dead were now outnumbering them .
“ Land on the bank roof , ” Chris said and the pilot zippered the mic to acknowledge him . Three short blips . Turning , Chris looked at Bill and the other two men . Turner and Williams were stenciled on their breast pockets but they did n't recognize either of them . “ Okay guys , we 're here for Allan Kirchner . I trust Bill 's briefed you on him ? ”
The two men nodded .
“ Good . We are to capture them alive . This is paramount . We must secure the samples as well . Both of these are primary objectives . ”
“ Williams here is a certified safe cracker , ” Turner said , jabbing a thumb in Williams ' direction . “ I was a Naval Corpsman before this , sir . We can secure the samples . ”
“ Do you know what you 're looking for ? ”
“ Yes , sir . We 've both been with KSF for two years now . ”
Chris quirked a brow at Bill , who grinned .
“ You think I 'd bring newbies ? Fuck , I 'd bring the whole Spook Corps from KSF if I could find them . ”
“ Has anyone checked in ? ”
Bill nodded . “ Yeah . North West and DC . Both are on the Ford . ”
Chris breathed a small sigh of relief . Good , not everything had gone to shit . The USS Gerald R. Ford was in motion then . The Supercarrier would be off Virginia 's coastline by now .
“ The government ? ”
Bill grinned and was about to open their mouth when Chris spotted a truck out of the corner of their eye . The humvee was parked at the rear of the bank , its tailgate smashed right against the door . Infected crawled all over the hood but as the chopper circled about , Chris did n't see anyone inside . Must have gotten out through the hatch , they thought . Not a bad plan . The humvee 's bulk was keeping any infected from entering the door , at least for now .
The chopper settled onto the flat , stone roof with a rush of wind and the whine of rotor blades . Dust and small rocks flew out from the skids as the four of them jumped out , Chris taking the lead . He 'd replaced their headset with a tactical earpiece and clicked the mic at their throat as they rushed to the roof entrance door . The chopper lifted off again , intending to stay aloft for twenty minutes on alert . They would n't need that much time , they hoped .
Stacking up at the door , Turner held up three fingers , then two , then one and pulled the door open . As one , all four checked the door and , finding it clear , Chris went through it . The stairwell was cast in a red light , the emergency lights at their feet the only operating illumination . They kept their head on a swivel , their gun following wherever their eyes went . Up , down , side to side , always moving as they descended the stairwell to the ground floor .
The door there had something pooling beneath it . Chris clicked on their rifle 's light and illuminated a dark liquid slowly running from under the door to their boot . Blood . It had to be fresh , otherwise it would have dried by now . They signaled to Turner and Williams to stay on the stairs and train their guns on the doorway while they and Bill pulled it open .
A body slumped inside the moment the door was pulled . Turner and Williams tracked the body with their weapons as it fell while Chris and Bill stepped back and aimed at the doorway . No one fired a shot and nothing appeared from the hallway beyond . A few moments passed while they waited in silence and then Chris turned their light on the body .
It was a woman who must have been a bank guard . There was a single gunshot wound to their temple and an empty 1911A pistol in their left hand . After a quick search , Chris found bite marks on their left leg . That explains that , then .
They made a few more hand signals to Bill and they went through the door , Chris going left while Bill went right . Turner and Williams came behind , closing the door behind them , leaving the body in the stairwell . The hallway was lit just like the stairwell , small red lights at the baseboards casting everything in a dull , red hue . Chris moved quickly forward , crouching with their weapon ready until they came to a corner . When they checked around it , they saw five infected trying to get through a door behind the main bank counter . The main doors were closed and infected were milling about outside . He 'd have to secure them fast .
A tap on their shoulder told them Bill had completed their sweep and found nothing . Looking back , they saw that all three were stacked up behind him . They held up their hand , forefinger and thumb making an “ O ” and placed against their forehead . Infected . Then held up five fingers and indicated the direction . Keeping two fingers up they pointed to himself , then one to Bill , then one each for the others . Finally , they swept their hand left to right . He 'd take the first two on the left , Bill the next one , Turner and Williams the final two . Everyone nodded .
It happened very fast . They fanned out quickly and Chris fired two shots , both striking each one of their targets in the head . The first had been a man in a business suit and woolen overcoat . They fell against the wall , leaving a red and gray smear as they slid away . The next was a girl no older than Katie . Their shot took them in the back of they head and they pitched forward into Bill 's target , an older woman . They disappeared together behind the counter in a spray of blood and brains .
Chris did n't take the time to think about whom he 'd killed . If they did , the fact that girl looked a lot like Katie would haunt them for hours . They had a job to do . Turning they sprinted for the doors and took out two steel chords from their pack . They looped them through the door 's bars and secured them tightly , sealing them with a click of the lock . That would hold them for a while and the glass was bulletproof . They 'd never break through it .
He 'd just secured the second set of doors when the infected rushed it , drawn by the gunfire . They slammed against the doors , but they opened out and the undead began to clump up , hissing and screeching and clawing for him . The woman in front was old , their gray hair tangled , dirty strands matted against a wrinkled , spotted forehead . They hissed with a toothless mouth . Briefly , they wondered how they fed at all .
“ Chris , ” Bill said and turned back towards their people . Turner and Williams pulled the bodies away from the door while they and Bill swept the rest of the room for any entrances . When they 'd secured the only other entrance into the main room , they returned to the door behind the counter . If Infected wanted in there , something to eat was inside .
Turner and Williams stood on either side of the door while they and Bill took cover behind the counter . When they were all ready , Chris called out .
“ Kirchner ? Are you in there ? ”
“ Yes ! Oh my God , help— ! ”
There was a sound that was halfway between a cry and a hiccup . Something cut off the man 's words . Chris 's finger twitched but they kept it still against their trigger guard .
“ We 're going to breach the door . You have ten seconds to open it . No one needs to get hurt ! ”
Four seconds passed and then another man 's voice came . It was the bearded man from the forest .
“ Who are you ? Military ? ”
“ I 'm Captain Chris Fox , ” they said . “ We 're here to get the Doctor . ”
“ We need him ! ” said the man behind the door . “ M-my brother 's sick ! ”
Chris swore silently . Kirchner was an idiot . The biggest idiot in the world at that moment .
“ We 'll see he 's treated . Now open the door ! ”
A few more seconds passed and then , slowly , the door pulled open . It revealed Allan Kirchner on their knees with the bearded man standing behind them with a pistol to their head . The skinny man who must be their brother was sitting on the ground nearby , coughing . The one with the ponytail was half hidden behind the door , their rifle aimed at them . Bill and Chris aimed their weapons but did not fire . Williams and Turner remained motionless , unseen in their positions .
“ Put your weapons down ! ” the bearded man said . “ Or I 'll kill him . ”
“ Okay man , cool , all right ? ” Chris said and complied , standing to put their rifle on the counter . Bill rose and did the same . When Allan saw Bill 's uniform , the color drained from theirs face .
“ No… not them ! Oh my god , not them ! ”
Advertisements
• Club refuse to rush into decision to sack former England manager • McClaren set to remain in post unless replacement can be found
Steve McClaren continues to cling on as Newcastle United 's manager but is well aware directors have made contact with representatives of Rafael Benítez and are also interested in hearing what David Moyes and Brendan Rodgers could offer the relegation-threatened club .
Lee Charnley , Newcastle 's managing director , refuses to be rushed into sacking McClaren . The former England manager is regarded as a backstop who can remain in charge if it proves impossible to broker a deal with a replacement .
With games running out for Newcastle to escape the bottom three , it is hoped a new manager can be settled on before Monday 's trip to Leicester City but the owner , Mike Ashley , will not sanction a change unless the appointment is an upgrade on McClaren .
Newcastle manager 's job turns into a living nightmare for Steve McClaren | Louise Taylor Read more
The board are believed to want to hire a replacement capable of exciting disgruntled supporters and have ruled out Nigel Pearson and Harry Redknapp .
For the moment , Benítez is their preferred choice . Even so , they accept that persuading the former Liverpool and Real Madrid manager – or Moyes or Rodgers – to try to rescue them from the Championship may prove easier said than done . They are believed to be ready to offer the new manager appreciably increased autonomy in recruitment .
After years of struggle under Alan Pardew , John Carver and McClaren , there is a recognition the club 's strategy and managerial model requires radical modification . There is also an appreciation that the crisis – Newcastle are second bottom after losing five of their past six league games – is not solely McClaren 's fault but reflects systemic problems . Considerable soul-searching allied to major reform apparently beckons this summer .
McClaren is liked and admired by Charnley , Graham Carr , the chief scout , and Bob Moncur , the club ambassador , and there is considerable sympathy for their position .
There is also an acceptance that McClaren is struggling to get the best out of a challenging , high-maintenance multinational squad and that a manager in the mould of Benítez could well provoke a better response from a set of under-achieving players .
Although they stand to lose countless millions in television revenue alone should Newcastle be relegated , Ashley – who is heavily reliant on advice from Keith Bishop , a London-based public relations executive and a key confidant – is notorious for driving a hard bargain . Should negotiations with a successor , or successors , prove awkward or protracted the sports retail tycoon would have no compunction about leaving McClaren – who has made it clear they will not resign – to take charge of the team at Leicester .
After the meeting with Claudio Ranieri 's side comes a derby at home to relegation rivals Sunderland , who have won the past six Tyne-Wear derbies . Then , after the international break , Newcastle visit similarly troubled Norwich City .
Directors hope to have made a change by then but their failure to make significant progress on an appointment has led to a state of limbo . A planned meeting between McClaren and Charnley did not take place on Tuesday afternoon .
If and when it happens , dismissing McClaren will represent a failure for Charnley , who regarded the 54-year-old as the “ perfect fit ” when they appointed them last summer and has spent the past few months desperately hoping their man could turn things around .
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - A small but significant slip of the tongue had Canada 's industry minister pleading for “ more Canadian sex stories ” on Monday , although they quickly insisted they were actually talking about success .
“ We need more Canadian sex stories , ” Tony Clement told an Ottawa crowd during a speech on the government 's digital strategy .
A roar of laughter prevented them from correcting themselves for a few seconds . “ We need more Canadian SUCCESS stories ... ” they said pausing to emphasize the correction , “ ... like RIM and its world-famous — and now ubiquitous — BlackBerry . ”
Teased by reporters about the slip , Clement insisted they had not been thinking about sex .
“ The male brain is a very strange organ at times , is n't it ? I have no explanation , ” they said .
“ It really was not on my mind . I want to stress that for the record . It just sort of blurted out . ”
Former RTC Inspector General Jesse Prince
discusses the death of L. Ron Hubbard
Jesse Prince is one of the highest ranking former officers of the Church of Scientology to have to courage to come forward and tell their story . In this post , they discuss the tension between current CoS head David Miscavige and their then-rival to the throne , Pat Broeker , in the months preceding Hubbard 's death .
In the weeks since they first came forward with their story , Jesse Prince has been travelling around the country to meet with many CoS opponents , and , in some cases , filing affidavits on their behalf . For these actions , they have been targeted as 'fair game ' for the CoS , which has put both them and their friends and supporters under extreme pressure from the Office of Special Affairs ( OSA ) , the church 's investigation unit , also known as 'Scientology 's Secret Service . ' They have nonetheless made several posts to alt.religion.scientology , including that from which this excerpt has been taken .
Click here to read the entire post in its original format .
From a post by Jesse Prince ( September 5 , 1998 ) :
[ ... ]
Now let '' s go back in time to an afternoon in the late summer of 1984 . I am sitting in one of many legal/litigation meetings at Author Services , Inc. , or ASI . I am in RTC , a nonprofit religious corporation which ostensibly has absolutely nothing to do wth ASI , a for-profit corporation . But David Miscavige finds it convenient at the moment to be the Chairman of the Board of ASI , and , since David Miscavige runs Scientology ( no matter where they place themselves corporately ) , they can order all of us to meet wherever and whenever they want us to .
The subject of this particular meeting concerns the LRH probate case in Riverside , California , and , as always , more corporate `` sort-out . '' Lawyers have advised that there is still too much evidence to prove that LRH is incompetent to manage their own affairs . This is crucial , since the case has been brought by LRH '' s son Nibbs , who has claimed that LRH is incompetent to manage their own affairs and that their estate is being stolen by the Church of Scientology under David Miscavige 's leadership . Nibbs is hoping to take over LRH 's assets if they can prove that LRH is incompetent . So this is a very serious threat .
LRH has repeatedly said they want different lawyers to represent him , and that they want different legal advice on how to win this case against Nibbs . But DM has decided that the lawyers LRH already has ( and who were chosen , of course , by DM ) are the best possible legal counsel . LRH specifically doesn '' t like the fact that these attorneys are advising them to back away from managing Scientology '' s affairs . Part of the reason for this is that DM feels ( and has told the attorneys ) that LRH is losing their grip on reality .
In truth , DM was not the only one who knew that LRH was an old man past their prime , with no real `` new ideas '' or `` brilliant revelations '' for quite some time . All they could do was say the same thing , over and over : `` There are more BTs ! Many more than people realize ! '' Hubbard really was a bit senile at the end there - their brain pretty well fried by a wide range of drugs which they used for their `` research '' -- and this scared the hell out of their top messengers and others near him .
For many years , LRH 's top aide , Pat Broeker , and their wife , Annie Broeker , looked after the daily care of LRH . Pat was the financial conduit between LRH and the vast reserves of liquid cash mounting in the multiple corporations of Scientology which LRH always had at their disposal . David Miscavige would be called by Pat to bring hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars in cash in briefcases to cover `` basic expenses '' for LRH and their small crew of four staff members . Often the prearranged meeting place was near Las Vegas . On many of these occasions , Pat and Dave would go to a casino and gamble away thousands of dollars of LRH 's money , just hanging out having a good time together .
But as LRH felt their grasp on the Scientology empire weakening , they became extremely suspicious of Dave and ordered me to give them a security check to see if Dave was trying to prevent LRH from having their way with the church as they were used to having . Basically , LRH was upset that they could not simply romp from one fake corporation to another , wreaking havoc in their wake , as they had always done . And they were being advised by attorneys whom Dave had hired that in order to protect their money , they should disappear for a while . All of these circumstances added up for LRH , and they were not at all sure they could trust DM . They were afraid to DM was trying to take over . Sure , they had practically raised Dave from a pup , but still , who could be trusted in this business ?
So I was ordered to sec check DM to determine their real motives for passing along legal advice that they back off from their own church . When I walked into Dave '' s office they were crying like a child who had taken a crap in their pants and now stank to high heaven . Dave swore up and down to me that they were only following LRH '' s own orders to get an `` All Clear '' -- meaning to get LRH dismissed from all the outstanding litigation -- so that LRH could travel freely again , without fear of subpoenas or worse .
LRH had been in hiding , not only from the public but also from 95 percent of all their staff , for the last fifteen to twenty years anyway . Dave was extremely indignant at being asked such incriminating questions , but because of the questions I was asking him , they were fairly certain that LRH would soon assign them to the RPF ( the Rehabilitation Project Force , Scientology '' s political prison ) .
In the security check Dave made sure they told me about the trips to the casinoes , the heavy drinking and the women they and Pat had enjoyed together . Dave freely confessed their sins and Pat Broeker '' s sins as well . They said if they were going to go down , they were going to make sure Pat Broeker went down as well . They were very critical of Pat , saying they had a long history of alcohol abuse and recklessly spending LRH 's money . Of course , the person who received the report of Dave '' s sec check was Pat Broeker . So it didn '' t surprise me a bit when Dave and Pat suddenly became best buddies again . I seriously doubt that anything but reports full of glowing praise for Dave ever went to LRH . In retrospect I realize both Pat Broeker and David Miscavige had an interest in keeping the status quo with LRH , since both of them had dreams of one day being the new dictator of Scientology once the current Ding Dong king was dead .
LRH went on spending their millions freely on property and `` research '' ( all this really meant was that they were buying more and more drugs for himself ) and buying exotic animals like buffalo , llamas , swans and peacocks at the ranch at Creston .
LRH seemed resigned to follow the legal advice of Dave '' s lawyers and stayed away from Scientology . However , they made it known that they were still very salty about the whole deal and refused to make contact as they had done in the past .
About a year and a half later they became very ill .
- From a post by Jesse Prince ( jesse.prince @ gte.net )
Back to the Mysterious Death of L. Ron Hubbard
Welcome to your new website ! This post will serve to introduce some of the advanced features and customization options Enjin offers .
Editing your website content quickly .
You can quickly edit anything you see on your website by clicking Site Admin > Quick Edit in the top left area . After clicking `` Quick Edit ” you will notice `` Edit ” links appears above each module . Click `` Edit ” to quickly edit the content and settings .
Adding new content & pages
The Page editor allows you to add or move content , make new pages , change columns and much much more . Click Site Admin > Edit Page Layout '' in the top left area of your website to begin .
Recruitment & applications
Create application forms with any type of questions and items by editing your application form module . To set the specific ways you wish to handle user registration go to your admin > settings > user registration . Submitted applications will appear in the `` Apps ” section located in the top right corner of your website .
Manage users & ranks
Enjin features an in depth access management system . Access to anything is managed via user tags or creation of teams . Click Site Admin > Users to create and assign tags to users .
Characters & teams
First add your game ( s ) to the games section in Site Admin > Games . You can then manage users and add characters including creating new teams in Site Admin > teams . Enjin will automatically import your character data for supported games .
Changing themes & theme editor
Browse through our stunning selection of themes and headers . You can instantly swap themes in your Site Admin > themes section by clicking `` Use ” above the theme preview . To create or edit an existing theme , click admin > themes > theme editor .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp alleviated fears over Alberto Moreno 's fitness after the left-back limped off in Liverpool 's 2-1 defeat to Roma in St Louis .
The Reds ' performance at the Busch Stadium left much to be desired but the manager insisted there were mitigating circumstances for a below-par display .
“ Alberto has a dead leg in their hamstring - that 's all it is , ” Klopp said .
“ It was n't our best game but that can happen when you are n't compact like in the first half . There were big spaces between the positions .
“ Nearly every attacking situation was a chance . It made no sense .
“ We had a lot of good chances too . It could have been 6-5 at half-time . It was exciting for the supporters but not what I wanted .
“ I can accept it because I know why . We 've had 13 days in the USA and the hardest circumstances tonight .
“ A lot of intensive sessions and then playing in that heat . We 've had a lot of games in the last few weeks and our opponent has had no games for two weeks so it was hard .
“ Of course we have to do better . It was easy to see what was wrong so it 's easy to change it . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Liverpool were flying straight back to the UK – scheduled to land at John Lennon Airport on Tuesday afternoon .
“ The players have done really well on this tour , ” Klopp added .
“ There have been a lot of perfect sessions and some really good moments in our games .
“ In some offensive situations tonight we played really well . We were unlucky , good goalkeeper , whatever .
“ I am happy that no-one is injured . It was difficult to play tonight for my team after this intense time . We will go back to England and build from this base .
“ The pitch was as good as possible . I 've played on better pitches but I 've played on much worse . It 's a wonderful stadium and the atmosphere was nice .
“ It was a big honour for us to be here in this historical place . We tried , we did our best but it was n't enough tonight .
“ The supporters were fantastic - that 's been the main thing about this tour . We tried to pay them back but tonight it was n't enough . We will pay them back this season . ”
Watch ALL pre-season games LIVE on LFCTV & LFCTV GO visit www.liverpoolfc.com/watch
Uneasy allies : Trans women and Cis gay men
Controversy erupted in Toronto 's queer community recently as Danny Glenwright , a cissexual editor at Xtra , Canada 's largest gay and lesbian newspaper , publicly posted a trans woman ‘ s birth name on their personal Facebook . After at first agreeing to remove their information , they instead posted a non-apology to Xtra ‘ s website , sparking further outrage by trans people and their allies . In response , Xtra has promised to engage in efforts to increase trans awareness and inclusivity at the paper , though details of the plan are unclear .
The tragedy here for me is n't just the incredible disrespect shown to the trans woman by a member of the LGBT media , but that it seems part of a larger pattern of backlash to trans women by cissexual gay men . Whether it is in response to the transphobic actions or words of a Ronald Gold , or Dan Savage , or exploiting our deaths for camp , or even arguing against use of the word ‘ cis ' , there is a significant minority of cis gay men who make no effort to restrain their vitriol for trans women who demand equality .
This is by no means to suggest all cis gay men are transphobic . Far from it , I myself have many cis gay men who are incredible friends , allies , and community , and many prominent gay men are vocal supporters of trans rights . Still , whenever conflict arises between cis gay men and trans people ( trans women specifically ) , there is inevitably a core of gay voices who respond with anger and hatred . The tactics of belittling , derailing , and dehumanizing occur again and again .
This is n't limited to trolling commenters on websites , either . Some gay men in positions of real power – politicians and the media , among others – hold at best regressive ideas about trans women , and at worst engage in actively anti-trans behaviour . These men directly affect the quality of life for trans people in their ability to influence laws and culture . Whether it is excluding trans people from legislation designed to protect other LGB people or normalizing our culture 's transphobia , the outcome is the same : trans people are marginalized and dehumanized .
Now , the point of writing this is n't simply to point out that some gay men can say and do transphobic things , or to engage those men in a flame war . Though it is an uncomfortable pattern to point to , and the conversations to begin addressing this issue will not be easy , they nonetheless need to happen . One of the common derailing arguments of those internet commenters is to suggest that the ‘ real enemy ' is elsewhere , and that trans people are misguided in their criticism of transphobia within the gay community . I flatly reject this . We can not move forward to seek social justice for all if we have rot in our foundation . Allowing transphobia , racism , ableism , misogyny , classism , and other oppressions to go unchecked only undermines our efforts . Only by addressing them will our movements be stronger .
Advertisements
Pin 761 Shares
After offering “ pants on fire ” lies about who their reform proposal , Times analysis shows just how much Trump would gain personally .
( COMMONDREAMS ) — Despite declaring the “ full-on whopper ” of a lie this week that their tax plan “ is not good for me , believe me , ” a new analysis by the New York Times published overnight shows that President Donald Trump would save themselves well over a $ 1 billion if the proposals they laid out were to become law .
Using what it is known about Trump 's fortune—a still difficult number to determine given that they refuse to release their tax returns—the Times looked at a portion of Trump 's 2005 return leaked to the press earlier this year alongside an estimate by Bloomberg which put their net worth at approximately $ 2.68 billion in order to assess the degree to which they would directly benefit .
While keeping in mind that other estimates ( and unsubstantiated claims by Trump himself ) put their wealth higher , the analysis based on the $ 2.68 billion estimates found that Trump would personally enjoy :
Savings of about $ 1.1 billion from repealing the estate tax
Savings of $ 31 million from repealing the alternative minimum tax
Savings of about $ 16 million from taxing certain types of business income at 25 percent
Savings of about $ 0.5 million from cutting the highest tax rate
Meanwhile , Politifact was among those taking serious issue with the spurious claim made by the president , that the abolishment of the estate tax was a move geared to protect “ millions of small business owners and the American farmer ” while not mentioning that it is a policy specifically tailored to help millionaires and billionaires like themselves pass their massive wealth to their heirs with zero federal tax liability .
The fact-checking site reported :
In 2017 , estates worth less than $ 5.49 million are exempt from the tax , according to the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center . Above $ 5.49 million , the estate is generally taxed at 40 percent . However , family-owned farms and closely-held businesses may be able to pay less or pay in low-interest installments . So how many estates are affected by the tax ? Not many , and the people who pay it are usually among the country 's richest families .
Politifact concluded that Trump saying “ millions ” of American farmers and small business owners would benefit was “ a ridiculously high estimate . Only 5,460 estates even pay the tax each year , according to a credible estimate , and of those , about 80 represented small businesses or farms . We rate the statement Pants on Fire . ”
As Philip Bump wrote for the Washington Post on Tuesday , “ Trump asks us to take on faith that these public provisions will somehow work to their detriment without explaining why . We 'd be foolish to do so . ”
By Jon Queally / Creative Commons / Common Dreams / Report a typo
This article was chosen for republication based on the interest of our readers . Anti-Media republishes stories from a number of other independent news sources . The views expressed in this article are the author 's own and do not reflect Anti-Media editorial policy .
Pin 761 Shares
Often times , our favourite players are defined by pivotal moments in a franchise 's history . For Blue Jays fans , it may be Dave Stieb 's no-hitter , Joe Carter 's World Series-clinching home run , or Carlos Delgado 's four dingers in one game .
For others , it could be a player 's body of work in Toronto colours that earn them the title of favourite all-time Blue Jay — think Tony Fernandez , Roberto Alomar and Roy Halladay .
So we want your help : Pick your favourite player at each position by submitting your votes below , or by joining the conversation on Twitter and Facebook using the # SNcountdown hashtag . You can also submit your own write-in vote by using the comments section below .
Tune in to Sportsnet Countdown on April 16th for the results ( check our TV schedule for times in your area ) .
When asked earlier this season how they would describe the current trend in modern defenses , New Orleans Saints coach Sean Payton summed it up in one word : “ confusion. ” While there are few truly “ new ” ideas in football , there is a near infinite number of ways to hide , disguise , or slightly vary those ideas . One increasingly popular idea in the NFL is the “ psycho front “ , which simply refers to a defense that has two , one or maybe even zero defensive linemen with their hands on the ground and tends to stack the line of scrimmage . This may mean the defense is bringing a heavy blitz — or it might not . Often , the defense will show this look and then back out of it into some kind of coverage .
The advantages of the pyscho are many , but the biggest key is that confusion Payton talked about : it 's difficult for the quarterback and offensive line to determine which of the potential rushers will blitz — other than through mind reading — and with so many of them there is a high likelihood that there will be an assignment bust . Further , although the defense might give away what deep coverage it is playing , it 's not clear what kind of underneath coverage it will be — man , zone , and if zone how many underneath ? Two ? Three ? Four ? These are real issues .
Of course , the psycho itself is just a spin on some scheme done before ; the fact that a defensive lineman takes their hand off the ground does n't , by itself , change the defensive structure . Indeed , these same issues have been presented by NFL-style heavy blitz teams in the past . The problem presented in the image below is the same one as in the image above , as the defense shows a seven-man defensive front while the offense has only the five linemen and one running back as pass protectors . If the offense uses some spreads run game they can tilt the numbers slightly back to their favor , but it 's still a big issue .
So how do you attack these looks ? Ultimately the offense will need the ability to protect and complete some passes downfield , but that 's not where I would begin . Below is a short list of ideas ( in no particular order ) to defeat these heavy or “ psycho ” fronts where the defense simultaneously threatens all-out man blitz , confusing zone blitz , and no blitz , all at once . Note that this is from the perspective of either a pro-style team or some kind of pass-first or pass-balanced spread team .
Run the ball at it . If they are in a true “ psycho ” , it 's worth trying to just physically get movement on the defense despite the numbers advantage . But even if not a true “ psycho ” look , it 's important to see if their unsound defensive fronts present any obvious gaps to attack , particularly with the inside zone if they try to bring overload blitzes to one side or blitz off the edges . Trap is a good idea as if you block it your players may be off to the races , but you may miss some assignments given their defensive movement . Gap protect ( a.k.a . “ slide ” or an “ area ” pass protection scheme ) . It becomes very complicated to try and use man-to-man or BOB ( big on big ) pass protection against such a shifting defense given all the movement , as it takes a lot of sorting through on every play , though it can certainly be done depending on your rules . The problem with gap protection is you may lose a potential receiver to their pass protection , whereas with man pass protection , if the runningback 's man does n't blitz they can release into the route . But to me protecting the quarterback is job one , even if you lose a receiver . The quarterback knows if it is an all out blitz the extra rushers are their man , but I do n't want five rushers beating our six pass protectors . Scale your protection to your throws . What this means is if you want to put five receivers out in the pass pattern , it needs to be a hot or quick pass thrown with quick timing . Same with six man pass pro . If you want to throw further down the field , think about seven man protections . Even if you ca n't block all of their blitzers , you can at least protect from inside to out and force them to take a longer path to the quarterback . Sprint out or quick bootleg from gun . Isolate run/pass defenders and attack them in the flats , on the corner , and so on . Get outside of the garbage inside . The quarterback must know they ca n't dilly dally , however . It must be first pass choice , second pass choice , run or throw it away . Screen them . Fast screens in particular , but also tunnel screens , runningback screens , and so on . Try to use their aggressiveness against them . Get to the perimeter and away from the junk and get the ball to playmakers in space . Do n't underestimate four verticals , if you have a chance to protect it . If they want to fly around like that you might be able to hit the seam or the sideline throw . The quarterback must know they have to pick their progression of receivers based on the pre-snap location of the free safety and go 1-2- throw it away . Use their confusion and aggressiveness against them , as in the video clip below .
Overall , my thought process is to focus on formationing the defense with an eye to running the ball and throwing screens . See how they match up to trips to one side , two receivers and a tight-end and wing to the other , two-back shotgun , and , if your quarterback can run the ball , no-back . See if all their defensive movement wo n't get them into trouble . If the defense does n't cover all the receivers , throw fast screens . If they stretch out and give up gaps and bubbles inside , run the zone play inside . If they pack it in and cover the receivers , then think about some speed option with outside zone blocking .
Let me know your thoughts in the comments .
The 776 pages of `` General Orders '' signed by Jackson and obtained by VICE News ( pdf below ) lays out department procedures and instructs officers how to perform their jobs . It would appear that Ferguson police do not always follow those procedures and instructions .
The guidelines also state that police officers must provide their names , rank , and other identifying information to anyone who asks for it . But officers from the Ferguson Police Department — and other police departments — repeatedly failed to display identification or provide identifying information during the protests that followed the August 9 shooting death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson . The lack of transparency even prompted the Department of Justice to reprimand Ferguson police in a letter addressed to Chief Thomas Jackson .
`` The name tag will be worn on both the uniform shirt and jacket , '' states the department 's uniform and equipment policy , recently obtained by VICE News along with hundreds of other department guidelines in response to an open records request . `` The name tag shall consist of the officer 's first initial and their last name . ''
The Ferguson Police Department 's Code of Conduct covers a lot : the training of new officers , the `` rights of victims and witnesses , '' discipline , racial bias , the use of force , the type of weapons issued to all officers — even name tags .
Read more
The Ferguson Police Department 's Code of Conduct covers a lot : the training of new officers , the `` rights of victims and witnesses , '' discipline , racial bias , the use of force , the type of weapons issued to all officers — even name tags .
`` The name tag will be worn on both the uniform shirt and jacket , '' states the department 's uniform and equipment policy , recently obtained by VICE News along with hundreds of other department guidelines in response to an open records request . `` The name tag shall consist of the officer 's first initial and their last name . ''
The guidelines also state that police officers must provide their names , rank , and other identifying information to anyone who asks for it . But officers from the Ferguson Police Department — and other police departments — repeatedly failed to display identification or provide identifying information during the protests that followed the August 9 shooting death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson . The lack of transparency even prompted the Department of Justice to reprimand Ferguson police in a letter addressed to Chief Thomas Jackson .
The 776 pages of `` General Orders '' signed by Jackson and obtained by VICE News ( pdf below ) lays out department procedures and instructs officers how to perform their jobs . It would appear that Ferguson police do not always follow those procedures and instructions .
* * *
The department has a 4-year-old written policy that says it does not condone racial bias or racial profiling .
`` Biased based profiling is unethical and illegal , and serves to foster distrust of law enforcement by the community we serve , '' states the department 's policy guidance , which notes that such behavior is not `` condoned '' and `` will not be tolerated '' by the department .
Police officers `` will not use their position of authority to abuse any citizen , '' and officers will treat people with whom they interact `` equally and in a courteous manner . ''
Ferguson officials are n't telling you what happened to Michael Brown . Read more here .
Courteous was not a word often used to describe the hundreds of officers who took to the streets of Ferguson following protests over Brown 's shooting . As the demonstrations intensified , several police departments moved personnel into Ferguson , including the St. Louis County police department and , according to officers with whom VICE News spoke , towns as far as three hours away .
Ferguson , a majority black suburb , has 53 police officers — three of whom are black .
Most of the residents and protesters who took to the streets following Brown 's death maintained that the teen was killed `` because they were black , '' and many said they regularly experienced racism from Ferguson police . Residents with whom we spoke reported feeling abused and humiliated , and often said they were made to feel `` like animals . ''
On September 4 , the DOJ announced the launch of a civil rights investigation of the Ferguson police department . DOJ officials said that the probe — a separate one had already been launched to investigate Brown 's death specifically — will examine patterns of stops and arrests , the use of force , police training , and the treatment of prisoners held in Ferguson 's jail to determine whether discrimination regularly played a role .
Missouri Governor Jay Nixon tasked the state 's Highway Patrol division with control of the protests — a decision widely seen as an attempt to calm down angry residents , but one that was resented by some local law enforcement . Ferguson police , along with police from other departments , remained on the streets .
Most — though not all — of the officers VICE News observed in Ferguson appeared disinterested in differentiating between hostile protesters , peaceful protestors , media , and residents caught in the middle of the confrontations . As police set up roadblocks around the suburb , officers regularly yelled at residents who asked to be let through to reach their own homes , and refused to let them pass .
More than once , VICE News witnessed police officers drawing their guns on peaceful people , including journalists . Ferguson police officers who brandish their weapons in this manner would be in violation of the department 's code of conduct .
* * *
During the protests , police officers detained several reporters . Officers refused to disclose their own names when asked , nor did they disclose the reasons they 'd detained the journalists , who were sometimes held for hours .
However , according to the department 's own guidelines for interacting with the press , the media is entitled to receive details about the identity of the arresting and investigating officers as long as it does n't comprise undercover probes .
Additionally , police officers are advised to provide the media with information surrounding `` the facts of the arrest and circumstances immediately surrounding it , including time and location ; resistance , if any ; pursuit ; and the use or possession of weapons . ''
' I have never seen anything like what I saw in Ferguson . ' Read VICE News ' interview with a member of the Amnesty International delegation to Missouri .
In Ferguson , journalists struggled to obtain information from the Ferguson police officers — and other law enforcement — who were present during the protests . This , even though Ferguson 's guidelines state that at `` any planned police operation which is likely to attract news media attention '' a designated officer will `` act as a liaison with any news media reporters '' and disclose certain information .
`` Media personnel will not be barred from filming or photographing a scene as long as this activity is outside the secure zone and they do not interfere with the conduct of the investigation , or other police operations , '' the policy states . `` If practical , the ranking officer at a crime or incident scene may give media members guided access to the scene , except when the incident is on private property and the owner requests the media to leave . ''
After Nixon announced a temporary state of emergency and curfew on August 16 , members of the media were told they would be allowed outside between midnight and 5am — when the curfew was in effect — as long as they remained in a designated `` media zone '' far from the center of the protests . On at least one occasion , police ordered reporters to leave the media zone area as well . It was not clear how the state of emergency affected standard police regulations , and officers on the ground did not respond to our questions about it .
According to those regulations , Ferguson police officers are required to wear `` body-worn camera recorders… to record contacts with the general public . '' But the department declined to turn over to VICE News copies of its recordings from the protests in response to our open records request .
* * *
The department 's policy dictates that lethal force may be used only if the officer believes that their life or the lives of others are in danger , and only if attempts at capture have been exhausted .
`` A police officer must weigh the necessity of apprehension against the apparent threat to the safety of all involved , and exhaust every alternative means of apprehension known to be available at the time before resorting to the use of lethal force , '' says the July 6 , 2010 general order .
The directive also states that `` if feasible , '' the officer shall issue a `` verbal warning '' before using lethal force . Additionally , the use of lethal force is permitted against a fleeing suspect only if there is a `` substantial risk '' that the person will cause `` death or serious physical injury if apprehension is delayed . ''
Watch VICE News dispatches from Ferguson .
After an officer fires a weapon causing injury or death , the Bureau of Investigations is supposed to be notified , and an internal investigation is then supposed to be launched . The guidelines also say :
The Communications Dispatcher shall be notified immediately either by the officer involved in the incident or the first police officer on the scene .
The watch commander shall respond to the scene and be responsible for the command and protection of the scene until the arrival of the Bureau of Investigations investigator ( s ) . They shall assist , as necessary , in the investigation of the incident and arrange to have a police officer , not involved , prepare the original report .
The watch commander will complete the Use of Force Report F-080 and forward it through the chain of command to the Chief .
The Chief of Police will direct the Professional Standards Officer to conduct an administrative review of all incidents where a gunshot wound is inflicted .
But city officials responding to media requests for the `` use of force '' report filed after Brown 's death said that such a report did not exist — a clear violation of the department 's own guidelines as well as of established standards for police departments nationwide .
While accounts of the encounter between Brown and Wilson differ , the autopsy revealed that Brown was struck by at least six bullets , including two that hit them in the head .
During the weeks-long protests in the city after Brown 's death , Ferguson police officers were accused of indiscriminately using tear gas and wooden pellets to subdue protesters . The use of force policy does say that `` less lethal '' forms of force , such as pepper spray and `` chemical agents , '' can be used `` at the discretion of a supervisory officer when warranted in matters of crowd control '' — but `` only after all other reasonable efforts to control the situation have failed . ''
Different police departments fired tear gas dozens of times in the first weeks of the protests — usually after ordering protesters off the streets through loudspeakers .
How the lessons of Los Angeles after Rodney King can help Ferguson after Michael Brown . Read more here .
On at least one occasion , police responding to protesters ordered people to disperse more than two hours before a curfew imposed by officials during the state of emergency . Those who were outside their homes — including , reportedly , children — found themselves caught in the middle of the confrontations .
`` Whenever chemical agents are used , the supervisory officer who authorized usage will send a Use of Force form to the Chief of Police listing the details of the incident and justification for use of the chemical agent , '' the policy guidance says .
However , it 's unclear if incident reports exist . Police officials would not respond to VICE News ' requests for comment .
Follow Jason Leopold ( @ JasonLeopold ) and Alice Speri ( @ alicesperi ) on Twitter .
Kicked , punched protesters Choked , slammed woman Rushed , punched protesters Punched and kicked a man Punched a protester Kicked man on ground Knocked over women , kicked man on ground Cousins Kicked woman on ground Kicked , punched protesters Choked , slammed woman Rushed , punched protesters Punched and kicked a man Punched a protester Kicked man on ground Knocked over women , kicked man on ground Kicked woman on ground Cousins
The New York Times reviewed videos and photos to track the actions of 24 men , including armed members of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 's security detail , who attacked protesters in Washington last week . Many of the protesters were American citizens .
The men kicked people lying on the ground and put a woman in a chokehold just a mile from the White House . They outnumbered the protesters nearly two to one .
The State Department has condemned the episode , and some American lawmakers have called for the men to be prosecuted . But none have been charged with a crime . Here 's what video of the main actors shows about the identities of the men and the roles they played in the clash .
Men in Dark Suits
Rushed , punched protesters Rushed , punched protesters Kicked , punched protesters Kicked man in head Choked , slammed woman Punched and kicked man Punched a protester Punched , kicked a protester Punched , kicked two protesters Kicked man on ground
Ten of the men who attacked protesters appear to be part of a formal security detail . They dressed in dark suits , and they wore in-ear radio receivers , Turkish breast pins and lanyards with identification cards . At least four of the men carried guns .
Two of these men charged protesters and appeared to start the main part of the fight .
V.O.A . Turkish
We used five camera angles to track the movements of these two men throughout the melee . One man 's identity card shows Turkish and American flags and Turkey 's presidential seal , suggesting they are a member of the delegation visiting the United States .
V.O.A . Turkish
Sayid Reza Yasa , the man with the bullhorn seen below , was lying on the ground when two of these men kicked them in the torso and face .
V.O.A . Turkish
At one point , as many as four of the men were attacking the same protester .
Pouyan Boakei
Another guard choked Ceren Borazan , 26 , a protester , and slammed them to the ground . “ He was saying ‘ You are dead , ' ” Ms. Borazan told The Times in an interview . “ I felt so awful . As a woman , as an American , as a Kurd . Right now I do n't even feel safe here . ”
The identities of these men are unclear . But Turkey 's state-owned newswire , Anadolu Agency , which filmed the violence , reported that “ the president 's security detail and Turkish police ” were involved in the fight .
A representative at the Turkish Embassy in Washington declined to comment on the people involved in the violence . In a statement last week , the embassy said that the protesters caused the violence by “ aggressively provoking ” Turkish-American citizens who had gathered to greet the president and had responded in self-defense .
Men in Khaki
Punched several people Kicked man on ground Knocked over women Repeatedly punched woman Punched protesters Punched a protester
Six men who attacked protesters wore outfits resembling a summer uniform worn by Turkish guards – khaki pants , black T-shirts and green or brown shirts . Here are three of them :
V.O.A . Turkish
These three men charged at protesters . One man knocked two women to the ground , and another man repeatedly punched Lucy Usoyan , a protester , as they lay on the ground . The third man kicked Mr. Yasa after they were thrown to the ground moments earlier .
V.O.A . Turkish
In this video , which was taken after the fight had been broken up , four of the men stand around , and one of them is arguing with a Washington police officer .
V.O.A . Turkish
Three members of this group of men rushed into the melee , attacking at least three protesters .
V.O.A . Turkish , Pouyan Bokaei
Civilian supporters of Erdoğan
Kicked woman on ground Kicked protester on ground Punched protester repeatedly Kicked man and woman Kicked two protesters Kicked woman on ground Punched a protester Kicked man on ground
Some of the attackers identified themselves as supporters of Turkey 's president , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , who were visiting Washington to meet him . Most dressed casually and did not appear to be armed , and their connection with the Turkish security detail , if any , is not known .
But they played a central role in the fighting . Two of these men , Alpkenan Dereci and Sinan Narin , were involved at the very beginning , when they pushed and punched protesters they met in the street .
Mr. Dereci , who was wearing a yellow T-shirt in this video , joined the skirmish , repeatedly punching a man . A protester then struck them with a bullhorn , leaving a gash on theirs face .
V.O.A . Turkish
Mr. Narin , who owns a property in Virginia , said protesters ripped their shirt and threw bottles at him . “ The fight started with me , ” Mr. Narin wrote in Turkish on Facebook .
They posted video to Facebook that shows their shirt ripped and their face bloodied , matching footage taken from farther away .
Pouyan Bokaei , Sinan Narin via Facebook
After the fight grew , Mr. Narin followed security guards and repeatedly kicked one protester , Ms. Usoyan , on the ground . A Washington officer then escorted them back across the street .
V.O.A . Turkish
In an interview , Mr. Narin acknowledged kicking the woman on the ground . “ I was n't paying attention , ” they said . “ I thought it was a man . I would never kick a woman . ”
They said they were trying to defend himself . The protesters were “ terrorists , ” they said , who started the fight by punching and spitting on them when they tried to get them to “ calm down . ”
The second man , Alpkenan Dereci , traveled to Washington from Toronto with their cousin Ahmet C. Dereci , according to a report on TRT , the Turkish state broadcaster . A video shows the man identified as Ahmet dressed in a purple T-shirt , punching and kicking a protester when the second attack broke out .
V.O.A . Turkish
A third man , Eyup Yildirim , is seen on video telling police they are a cousin of Alpkenan Dereci . “ I 'm an American citizen and a taxpayer , ” they said . They repeatedly kicked Ms. Usoyan , 34 , as they lay on the ground . According to New Jersey records , Mr. Yildirim is 50 and manages three companies in that state .
V.O.A . Turkish
Mr. Yildirim , Alpkenan Dereci and Ahmet C. Dereci did not respond to requests for comment .
In an interview , Ms. Usoyan said that they had sustained a concussion , and that a doctor had authorized six weeks off from work for recovery . “ I 'm glad I 'm alive , ” they said .
The President 's Entourage
Head of Security Kicked , punched protesters Took instructions
Turkey 's president , Mr. Erdoğan , watched the brawl from a black Mercedes-Benz sedan parked nearby , at the Turkish ambassador 's residence . Their role in the clash , if any , is unclear . But video of their entourage shows that at least one member of the security detail positioned next to them rushed into the fight and started kicking and punching protesters .
While sitting in the car , Mr. Erdoğan conferred with Muhsin Kose , their head of security , who leaned into the car 's rear door . After speaking with Mr. Erdoğan , Mr. Kose talked into their earpiece , and three security personnel who were guarding the president 's car hurried toward the protest .
V.O.A . Turkish
The brawl began moments later , and one of these men , a heavy-set bald man , appeared on video punching and kicking people .
V.O.A . Turkish
Mr. Kose talked to Mr. Erdoğan throughout the brawl . Two of Mr. Kose 's colleagues met on the lawn as the brawl ended and return to the car , and then Mr. Erdoğan left their car and entered the ambassador 's residence .
Anadolu Agency via Getty Images , V.O.A . Turkish
Several minutes elapsed between the earlier scuffle on the street and Mr. Erdoğan 's arrival , during which the police separated the groups and Turkish security personnel remained behind police lines . A few seconds after Mr. Kose spoke into their earpiece , the men charged .
Skellie is a regular writer for ProBlogger . Get more unique blogging tips at their blog , Skelliewag , or subscribe to them feed .
ProBlogger readers are absolutely spoilt when it comes to great articles about coming up with post ideas . But what about thinking up the post topics your audience has been craving ?
In this post I 'll be outlining six strategies you can use to determine exactly what kind of posts your audience wants to see on your blog .
1 . Listen to comments
One thing you might have noticed is that commenters will sometimes ask you to expand on a section of your post . Either they wanted more information on a specific point , a more thorough exploration of one of your ideas or a clear explanation of something that 's confused them . Instead of answering in comment form , you can turn your answer in a post ( and use the answer to drive more traffic back to your original article . )
2 . Listen to emails
Part of being a blogger is receiving and answering reader questions by email . These questions can be a great source of ideas for posts your audience is craving .
After receiving the tenth or so email on how I find and use great Flickr images in posts on my own blog , I decided to write a complete guide to the process after sensing it was something a lot of readers were interested in . The resulting post went on to become one of the most popular articles I 've ever written !
Listening to reader emails can result in some fantastic post ideas .
3 . Ask them
A fairly obvious option , but one I do n't see many bloggers explore . Ask your readers to submit ideas for posts they 'd like to see on your blog . Do this every couple of months and you 'll have a list of ideas you can turn to when your well of inspiration runs dry . If you notice several ideas on the same topic or area you can bet that it 's something quite a few of your readers would like to see more of .
4 . Turn wants and needs into post-topics
Grab a notebook , open to a new page and put a pen in one hand . Write down all the possible niche-related wants and needs of your target audience .
If your target audience is interested in debt elimination , for example , their wants and needs cloud might look like this :
To develop a workable budget and stick to it .
To spend less without sacrificing quality of life .
To find cheaper versions of the things they need .
To find new ways to make a bit of extra money .
To avoid getting into future debt .
To become debt-free as soon as possible .
To eliminate unnecessary expenses .
If we give each want/need its own space on the page , we can start to branch out post ideas from each one . Because each of these post ideas is based on something our target audience wants , we can almost guarantee that it will be useful to them .
Photo by nattu
5 . What do you want ?
You 'd be hard pressed to find a baseball blogger who 's not into baseball , a copywriting blogger who 's not into copywriting , a travel blogger who does n't like travel , and so on . You are part of your target audience . The things you 'd like to see someone else in your niche write may just be what your target audience is also searching for .
Expanding on this premise , you can use your own niche experiences , problems and triumphs as fodder for blog posts . If you struggle with something related to your niche on a daily basis , maybe your readers are struggling with it too ? If you 're worked out a solution to a problem related to your niche — something you were experiencing — maybe your readers would find the solution truly useful themselves ?
If there 's a skill you 've always wanted to learn , a problem you 've always wanted to solve or a resource list you 've always hoped to see , stop waiting for someone else to use your good idea , execute it yourself and turn the result into a truly useful blog post .
6 . Reverse engineer what worked
Look at your blog 's top ten most popular post . They 're examples of posts that your target audience truly wanted to read . You can build on their success by adapting the same format to new content .
Let 's say one of your most popular posts was a list of ways to make money with eBay . You could capitalize on the success of the first article by creating an updated version ( 25 More Ways to Make Money With eBay ) , or invert the format by taking the opposite tack ( 25 Ways to Guarantee You 'll Lose Money With eBay ) and outlining don'ts rather than dos .
Another effective strategy is to apply the same post format and headline formula to a new subject . Your list of 10 Insane Firefox Extensions for Web Designers could be followed by a list of 10 Insane Firefox Extensions for Entrepreneurs , or Journalists , or anything/anyone you can imagine ( as long as it 's of interest to your target audience ) .
The crux of this strategy lies in combining what has worked well previously with something fresh , new and interesting .
Points to review :
TEN countries have three-quarters of the world 's 30m slaves , according to the first Global Slavery Index , published by Walk Free , a campaign based in Australia and supported by philanthropists . Its definition of slavery includes coerced work ( including provision of sex ) and children forced into marriage . Data on these provide the indices for its ranking of 162 countries .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Mauritania comes out worst , with an estimated 4 % of the population enslaved . Most are born into slavery—a deeply rooted practice . Children are owned by the same people who own their parents , to be used or sold . Some of India 's 14m enslaved people were also born into slavery , based on caste or other obligations . Others are trapped in debt bondage . This practice has been a crime for nearly 40 years , but the laws against it are poorly enforced .
Definitions of slavery are controversial ; many countries fiercely resent charges of inaction . But Kevin Bales , the lead researcher , says that not one government from the ten worst performers ( in prevalence ) has so far contested their findings .
Europe 's slavery rates are the lowest , but even in Britain , one of the lowest-ranked countries , the survey reckons up to 4,600 people are enslaved . They include trafficked women and people , often with mental or family problems , who are coerced into working in construction gangs .
Next year 's survey aims to sharpen the data . But without more determined efforts from governments and lawmen , it is unlikely to paint a happier picture .
Buy Photo Gov . Phil Bryant ( Photo : Rick Guy/The Clarion-Ledger ) Buy Photo
Mississippians will not need a state-issued license to carry a concealed gun in a purse , briefcase or other fully enclosed satchel under a bill signed by Gov . Phil Bryant .
Bryant 's office said Friday that the governor had signed Senate Bill 2394 , which takes effect July 1 .
The bill reduces fees for people to receive and renew a concealed-carry license . The fee for a new license would drop to $ 80 from $ 100 , and the renewal fee for people younger than 65 would drop to $ 40 from $ 50 . For 65 and older , the renewal fee would drop to $ 20 from $ 25 .
The bill also specifies that disabled veterans , people in the active-duty military , and current or honorably retired law enforcement officers do n't need a license to carry a concealed gun .
Supporters cast the bill as a matter of safety for women who want to carry a gun in a purse without having to get a license .
Bryant also signed Senate Bill 2619 , which allows active duty military , veterans and honorably retired law enforcement officers to substitute their military service for the state-required eight-hour training course to obtain the enhanced carry endorsement . In Mississippi , permit holders that complete the training course and receive an endorsement can bring their handguns everywhere except for police stations , jails , courtrooms and federal property , regardless of gun free zone signs .
The bill , which takes effect immediately , allows Mississippians to legally possess commonly used rifle ammunition for hunting , target shooting and self-defense .
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //on.thec-l.com/1FJaGaB
The experiment that produced the latest big discovery about ghostly particles called neutrinos is trying its hand at solving a second neutrino mystery .
The Daya Bay Reactor Neutrino Experiment reported in Physical Review Letters today that it has narrowed the region in which the most elusive kind of neutrino , the sterile neutrino , might exist .
Located in southern China , the experiment studies low-energy neutrinos and their antimatter counterparts streaming from the nearby Daya Bay and Ling Ao nuclear power plants .
The primary goal of building the Daya Bay experiment was to better understand how neutrinos oscillate , or change from one type to another . Daya Bay scientists accomplished this in March 2012 with the discovery of a parameter called theta-13 .
In the process they collected the most data on antineutrinos from a nuclear reactor of any experiment in the world .
“ We have multiple reactors as well as detectors , ” says co-leader of the Daya Bay experiment Kam-Biu Luk of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the University of California , Berkeley . “ As a result we are in a very good position to search for sterile neutrinos , particularly in a region that has n't been explored before . ”
Neutrinos are known to oscillate between three types . The question Daya Bay set out to answer was whether there is a fourth type that mixes with the other three . Sterile neutrinos have yet to be discovered , possibly because they interact with matter less than any other type of neutrino—a characteristic that has made them candidate dark matter particles .
In today 's result , Daya Bay scientists ruled out the existence of these neutrinos at the lowest masses ever probed .
“ We have no idea where the sterile neutrino is hiding , if it exists , ” Luk says . “ Therefore it is very important to have many types of experiments search in different regions . ”
The Daya Bay experiment is managed at the Institute of High Energy Physics in China , and its US contingent is based at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and Brookhaven National Laboratory .
Daya Bay scientists will likely release a second sterile neutrino study only after they have finished collecting data in 2017 , Luk says .
Do More of What Makes You Stronger : The Eleiko Barbell Story – EPISODE 155
Audio Only : iTunes , Stitcher
This week on Barbell Shrugged we have a very special episode for you . We fly half-way around the world to Sweden to find out how the world 's finest barbells are made .
Here 's a hint – It takes a lot more than just great steel .
We did n't know what to expect when we first landed in Halmstad , the small west coast town that Eleiko calls home . Of course the weather would be cold , and we guessed there would be large warehouses stacked high with chrome bars , heavy discs and lots manufacturing equipment . That all turned out to be true , but it does n't really explain much about Eleiko 's success .
The real story is that it takes much more to be world-class . In this case , you need a true family effort to keep getting stronger and better year after year .
“ Set your bar high , be kind , and do more of what makes you stronger ” , Erik Blomberg , CEO , Eleiko Group # eleiko # astrongerworld A photo posted by Eleiko Sport ( @ eleikosport ) on Dec 12 , 2014 at 8:39am PST
Great business are anchored in passion and love . They usually have a long history of experiment and refinement , and very tight standards that only seem to get higher and higher with time .
I can not think of a better way to summarize the Eleiko story .
Yes , you need the strongest steel and precise manufacturing processes to make a great bar , but without amazing , driven people you have nothing . This business is all about family , and that famous knurled steel lies right at the heart of it .
Photo credit : Josh Homes photography
We had an amazing time with our new Eleiko family . But much more than that , I can now say that we are leaving Sweden with a brand-new definition of what it means to be strong .
The best equipment is indeed born from the strongest steel , but the real secret is everything else . It 's the intricacy of the knurling . The fine finish and spin of the collars . The incredible precision , balance , and fit between every single component . And most importantly , it 's the craftsman taking ultimate pride in the manufactured result .
That family effort makes Eleiko equipment world class . That 's what makes champions .
Our expectations are now raised . We can work harder and get better . We can give more . Really , we still have a lot of room to get stronger . It 's amazing , but after all these years the barbell still has plenty to teach us . The Eleiko mission statement says it all .
“ Set your bar high , be kind , and do more of what makes you stronger . ”
I hope you enjoy the show .
Cheers ,
Chris
For more
To learn more , check out Eleiko Sport .
. To keep up with the very latest in Weightlifting , and to see some really awesome images , make sure to follow Eleiko on Instagram .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
Pinterest
How to Get Started : Kickboxing and Muay Thai
Brett C. Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 26 , 2016
If you 're interested in trying out a kickboxing or muay thai class , there are a few things you 'll want to know before you get started .
Last week , I wrote an article on what I 've learnt from my first few months of training ( Introduction to Kickboxing , Muay Thai & Boxing ) . My first article touched very briefly on how to get started but a lot the feedback I 've received is to expand on that part of the article .
What is kickboxing ?
Kickboxing is pretty self explanatory , it 's boxing that incorporates kicks . There are a few styles of Kickboxing , American kickboxing incorporates boxing and kicks that are only above the waist , it 's very similar to full contact Karate . Savate or French Kickboxing , incorporates boxing and kicks that only make contact with the feet and there are a few other styles that have rules that vary slightly .
Some fitness clubs have “ kickboxing ” classes for fitness , these are basically hight intensity cardio classes that incorporate some punching and kicks .
What is Muay Thai ?
Muay Thai is the “ art of eight limbs ” , Muay Thai fighters incorporate their hands , knees , elbows and legs . Muay Thai is the national sport of Thailand and it was created in the 19th century and has been evolving ever since .
If the classes you 're taking include elbows , knees , clinches etc . you 're essentially doing Muay Thai or a variation of it . Traditional Muay Thai gyms uphold Thai traditions such as instructors being reffered to as “ Kru ” , headbands and armbands are blessed and are used during fights , pre-fight rituals etc . MMA gyms typically use all of the techniques of Muay Thai but do not incorporate the Thai traditions of the martial art .
Where to start training
First things first , you 'll want to decide what you 're interested in learning . If you 're looking to learn Kickboxing/Muay Thai specificcally for MMA , you 'll want to join your local MMA gym . If you have no interest in grappling and you want to exclusively train Kickboxing/Muay Thai , you should join a gym that focuses on those disciplines .
If you live in a small city or town , there may not be a Muay Thai club and in that case , most MMA gyms will have classes in their schedule that are exclusively Muay Thai/Kickboxing .
Your First Class
Once you 've decided on where you 'll be taking your first class , there are a few things you should know before you step into the gym .
Do some research online . It 's a really good idea to get some basic knowledge of boxing and kicking before you start . I 'd recommend having basic knowledge of what a jab , cross , hook , upper-cut is and to know what a roundhouse kick and push kick is . That way , there 's a lot less confusion for you on your first day . Try and bring a partner . Your first class is a lot less intimidating when you have a partner that 's also in their first class . Another great option is to go with someone who 's already a member . Going with someone you know helps but if that 's not an option , do n't let that stop you . Bring appropriate clothing . Most kickboxing/Muay Thai classes are extremely fast paced and will push your cardio to the limit . You 'll want to wear comfortable/flexible shorts or tights and a light top . I recommend a change of clothes for after your class and to shower afterwards . Let your coach know it 's your first class . Introduce yourself to your instructor ( s ) and let them know it 's your first class . If it 's a good gym , they 'll pay special attention to you and show you the basics throughout your first class . Stretch out before and after class . Your body is not used to punching or kicking and unless you stretch before and after your class , you 'll be feeling it the next day . Ask questions if you have them . Do n't be afraid to ask your instructor ( s ) questions but also do n't overwhelm them during class . If you have a lot of questions , work through the drills in the class and ask the bigger questions after class . Private lessons can go a long way . Many people at my gym take one or several private lessons to get their fundamentals in order before taking group classes . I do n't think it 's essential but if you can afford it , it will certainly help . Do n't be discouraged and have fun ! Your technique will be awful and you 'll feel as though you 're miles behind everyone else in your class but do n't be discouraged . Most of the people around you in class have only been training for a few months and with hard work you 'll be at their level in no time . You 'll most likely be hooked after your first class and you just have to fall in love with the learning process .
Martial Arts are very humbling and they give you a very honest return on your investment . If you work your ass off , you 'll see great results and they 'll happen pretty quickly . If you train once a week and do n't listen to your instructors/partner 's feedback , you 'll have a very slow progression .
After my first class , I was absolutely exhausted and I was completely hooked . Within a week I had purchased boxing gloves , thai shorts , shin guards etc . and I 've been going nearly every day for months now . I learn something new every class and training has truly changed me for the better .
Some dude in a black Illuminati shirt sent to Earth to destroy LeBron James by the secret society sitting courtside at the Amway Center in Orlando decided they would impress their girl by slapping the ball away from LeBron James as the Cleveland Cavaliers all-star tried to save it from going out of bounds .
As it turns out , this was a terrible idea . James knew immediately what had happened , and started barking at the ref while giving the fan the most terrifying death stare he 's ever gotten in their life . Immediately admitting their mistake , the culprit attempted to apologize to LeBron , pulling one of those `` Woah man chill I totally did n't even mean to do that , our moms are best friends you know I 'd never do anything mean to you '' moves that guys tend to do once they realize the giant man in front of them is supremely pissed off . Their girl , meanwhile , looks as if she 's about to witness a murder right in front of them very eyes .
The game moved forward , but not until the fan was put on blast by the PA who had to announce that , because of the fan 's interference , the ball would be rewarded to the Cavaliers .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
So hey , fans sitting courtside , probably refrain from interfering with a live ball when one of the best players alive is running over to grab it . Though , looking on the bright side , this guy 's local t-shirt company surely got off the ground with all the camera time they got . Aside from the pictured Illuminati gem , be on the lookout for their next tee , with the phrase `` I Got Yelled at By LeBron James and All I Got Was This Stupid T-Shirt , '' coming soon out of Orlando .
Send all complaints , compliments , and tips to sportstips @ complex.com
[ Via The Cauldron ]
It may be known as a tropical paradise , an archipelago of 1,200 coral islands in the Indian Ocean . But the traditional image of the Maldives hides a dirty secret : the world 's biggest rubbish island .
A few miles and a short boat ride from the Maldivian capital , Malé , Thilafushi began life as a reclamation project in 1992 . The artificial island was built to solve Malé 's refuse problem . But today , with more than 10,000 tourists a week in the Maldives adding their waste , the rubbish island now covers 50 hectares ( 124 acres ) .
So much is being deposited that the island is growing at a square metre a day . There are more than three dozen factories , a mosque and homes for 150 Bangladeshi migrants who sift through the mounds of refuse beneath palm-fringed streets .
Environmentalists say that more than 330 tonnes of rubbish is brought to Thilafushi a day . Most of it comes from Malé , which is one of the world 's most densely populated towns : 100,000 people cram into 2 square kilometres .
Brought on ships , the rubbish is taken onshore and sifted by hand . Some of the waste is incinerated but most is buried in landfill sites . There is , say environmental campaigners , also an alarming rise in batteries and electronic waste being dumped in Thilafushi 's lagoon .
`` We are seeing used batteries , asbestos , lead and other potentially hazardous waste mixed with the municipal solid wastes being put into the water . Although it is a small fraction of the total , these wastes are a source of toxic heavy metals and it is an increasingly serious ecological and health problem in the Maldives , '' said Ali Rilwan , an environmentalist in Malé .
Despite the growing crisis , Thilafushi remains largely hidden from view . Nobody goes there apart from workers .
Meanwhile , tourism has made the Maldives the richest country in South Asia in terms of GDP a head - which is around $ 4,500 ( £3,100 ) - though that wealth is thinly spread .
However , almost everything has to be imported . Most tourists can only be catered for by bringing in thousands of tonnes of meat , vegetables and diesel oil every year .
All this produces what many says is an unsustainable amount of waste . Every tourist produces 3.5kg of rubbish and requires 500 litres of water a day .
The lack of space means the Maldives is now `` exporting junk '' to India . `` Before , the ships that brought our vegetables from south India used to return empty , but now we are sending them crushed cans , metals , cardboard . They then sort them out and get cash for them , '' said Rilwan .
Environment issues are a major political issue in the Maldives , not least because its 300,000 people face being the first to be submerged under rising sea levels caused by global warming .
Earlier this month the new president , Mohamed Nasheed , told the Guardian of their radical solution to save their people : put aside some of the Maldives ' tourism revenues to buy another homeland .
NEW YORK ( TheStreet ) -- Sometimes it can seem like the tsunami of digital blurbs , tweets , `` likes '' and quantitative data that surround us in the digital age is supplanting the need for traditional journalism and publishing , making any medium that presents information in a form longer than 140 characters seem obsolete .
But another trend contradicts the dire outlook for old-fashioned text : a market for text mining of actual reporting as published in newspapers and magazines . In other words , from `` traditional journalism . '' And while many members of the popular press whose materials are currently being used by traders do not know it , Wall Street and select media companies are seizing the opportunity .
As far back as 2008 , before `` big data '' was big news , a report by the Boston-based Aite Group found that the percentage of financial players mining unstructured data , including content from companies like Dow Jones and Thomson Reuters , rose to 35 % from 2 % , and spending was projected to almost double over the next two years . Writes Adam Honorè , author of the report , `` Firms will be looking for any competitive advantage they can find , and unstructured data offers an untapped reservoir of new ideas waiting to be discovered . ''
What Is Text Mining ?
Text mining is the data analysis of natural language works ( articles , books , etc . ) , using text as a form of data . It is often joined with data mining , the numeric analysis of data works ( like filings and reports ) , and referred to as `` text and data mining '' or , simply , `` TDM . ''
TDM involves using advanced software that allows computers to read and digest digital information far more quickly than a human being can . TDM software breaks down digital information into raw data and text , analyzes it , and comes up with new connections , from unexpected patterns in protein interactions that eventually lead to the development of a new drug , to subtle shifts in weather patterns that might predict a downturn in the price of wheat .
The latter example is of interest to Wall Street , specifically hedge fund managers and algorithmic traders , who are buying licenses from traditional sources like the Associated Press to gain access to breaking news . Traders then use TDM software to mine those feeds to predict movements of markets for everything from government bonds to commodities .
How the AP Helps Investors Make Money
`` The advent of TDM promises new revenue streams for traditional publishing outlets and new sources of insight and efficiency for our customers , '' says Bruce Glover , deputy director of digital for the Associated Press . According to Glover , the AP licenses `` machine-readable news products '' ( MRN ) to financial clients , allowing information to move quicker . Given the importance of algorithmic trading on Wall Street , speed is paramount , and machines can process information found in news articles far more quickly and with better recall than humans .
Moreover , according to Glover , there is a new trading strategy that he 's heard referred to as hyper-contextual trading ( HCT ) which recognizes the benefits of assimilating all reliable information to support decisions . Glover says , `` It 's all very encouraging and the marketplace is indicating that the AP has a valuable and growing asset . ''
An important date has been given in the matter of Brampton 's Big Blue House . On September 20 , 2016 , a judge will decide the next steps in what has been a 3 year long saga .
The Big Blue House lies partially constructed in a neighbourhood where many residents are anxious to see the situation resolved . Construction was halted on the site after the City of Brampton revoked the building permit , declaring a technical discrepancy . The owner , Ahmed Elbasiouni contends that their building permit was valid and should not have been revoked . Both sides have dug in and litigation is ongoing .
Court proceedings ended abruptly today at an Ontario Superior Court of Justice hearing presided by Justice Kofi Barnes . The contempt hearing brought forward by the City of Brampton against the owner was dismissed and labeled unnecessary .
WATCH THE 1 HOUR SPECIAL ON THE BIG BLUE HOUSE
A neighbor that lives next to the Big Blue House was left outside the courtroom as Justice Barnes began to write their decision without calling further witnesses .
The hearing was a second part that followed an initial hearing that took place in June . The City 's attorney was alleging at that time that the owner of the home at 443 Centre Street North had been “ purposefully delaying in order to allow the property to fall in to such a state that it will have to be torn down and rebuilt from scratch . ”
In 2014 , the court had instructed Elbasiouni to either apply for a variance to the zoning , revise the permit to bring the home into compliance , or demolish the building . In October of 2015 , Elbasiouni applied for a variance to the zoning rules but was denied , and in that respect , it was alleged that they had “ inexplicably requested a variance that relieves them from any maximum lot coverage , perhaps with the deliberate intent of having their application rejected . ”
“ LEFT HAND DOES NOT KNOW WHAT THE RIGHT HAND IS DOING ”
In a direct letter to the court , the City 's external lawyer writes that Elbasiouni 's attempt was not in good faith compliance with the Court 's timetable Order , and “ merely another delay tactic aimed at not having to actually resume construction of the house , but to continue to let it sit in the elements and rot away , so that the Appellant can then seek to have the entire house torn down and claim all of that as damages in their $ 14 million dollar tort claim against the City . ”
At the hearing that took place in June , witnesses , expert witnesses , and city staff were present and evidence was given . Upon the continuation of the hearing on Friday , and without hearing from the expert witnesses or city staff , Justice Kofi Barnes wrote , “ I conclude that the City is not in sync with its counsel ; the “ left hand does not know what the right hand is doing ” . Had this not been the case perhaps the contempt hearing would not have been necessary. ” Adding : “ All discussions involving finding a way to move forward shall involve the CBO ( Chief Building Officer ) . ”
Seemingly frustrated , the Judge 's ruling states that “ finality is required ” and that “ the matter can not languish in the Superior Court . ”
The judge has given instructions and a strict timeline that leaves little wiggle room . The parties must start discussions to determine a way forward by September 14th . If they can not reach an agreement , they must submit their requested next steps by September 19th , and the Judge will make a ruling on September 20th . In their ruling the judge states “ This timetable shall be strictly enforced by the court . ”
Brampton Focus contacted Lynne Murphy , a resident that lives adjacent to the Big Blue House for their comment . Hearing the news , they stated , “ I 'm glad that somebody is taking control of this situation and trying to put an end to it . I want this over . ”
We will certainly keep you posted .
Thundersnow
The other day , something quite unusual happened over Seoul , South Korea . It was snowing heavily ( not unusual ) , when a low , deep growl rippled across the sky and lasted for at least 5 seconds . This is the relatively rare phenomenon known as thundersnow .
Most commonly , snow is accompanied by , well , more snow , and possibly wind . It 's not something that is new to science , it just seems like the news has only really made a big deal about it in the last few years . It is so rare that it can even throw off weathermen :
Listen to this free comedy podcast ( internet radio ) : http : //itunes.apple.com/podcast/the-condition/id400138220
So what causes it and why is it so rare ?
During a normal thunderstorm storm , a mass of warm air rises within denser , cooler air . As it rises it starts to cool and the moisture in it condenses . The warmer the air is , the more moisture it can hold , which is why some places that are hot and have a lot of rain feel so horribly humid .
When moisture condenses it releases latent energy which allows the warm air to cool slower and continue rising . This first stage is the towering cumulus stage . If there is a large enough instability between cool and hot air the huge cumulonimbus clouds begin to form , known as the mature stage . This all happens within about 30 minutes on average . During the mature stage there is often enough instability caused by the cooling air and condensing water , to create an electric charge , which builds up and eventually will discharge in the form of lightning . Of course thunder being the sound of lightning , it travels slower than light , and often seems to come later .
Thundersnow takes place in much the same way , but the conditions have to be slightly different . Of course usually ground level will be freezing , and a difference of at least 25°C ( 45°F ) between the ground and 1.5km ( 5000 ft. ) up from the ground is also needed . Most commonly thudersnow forms over lakes , as a lake 's temperature often drops slightly faster than that of the sea/ocean , which is a much larger , saltier body of water . The warm air usually rises against a cold front which also provides the difference in temperature needed .
In addition , due to the cold temperatures at ground level , the body of water must have a minimum distance ( fetch ) of 30 miles ( 50kms ) across ( in the prevailing direction of the front ) , for the air to take on enough moisture . These are some of the main prerequisites , which among other things means the likelihood of such an event is very slim and constricted to specific areas of the planet only .
Calculating distance from storm to you .
Count the second between the lightning flash to the thunder peel . Divide the number of seconds counted by 5 for a rough distance in miles . Divide by 3 for a rough distance in Km .
In the U.S.A. perhaps only 5-10 instances of thundersnow are recorded annually , usually forming over the Great Lakes . In Korea it is very rare , but often starts over the Sea of Japan .
Do n't forget to also check out my podcast , ‘ The Condition ' free on iTunes :
http : //itunes.apple.com/podcast/the-condition/id400138220
Advertisements
I Feel Your Pain : The Power of Witness in Support Group
By Elisa Friedlander , from their blog .
“ People have a deeply innate desire to be seen . I 'm not talking about Facebook selfie type visibility , I mean really be seen . To have people , or even that one person , be tuned-in to your joy , struggle or other experience . To simply be present without trying to fix you . When somebody bears witness to a piece of my story , we 've established a connection and those shared moments become a part of me . I have received a valuable gift .
To be witness to the story of another is also powerful . Even though deep down we want people to see who we are , we might be conflicted about that . It can feel vulnerable , uncomfortable or even unsafe for some . When somebody allows me to see them , I know I am the recipient of trust . It 's a pretty big honor to be in that position .
This give and take makes for an ideal dynamic in intimate relationships . Even when we are fortunate enough to have it , though , sometimes we need more . We need to be witnessed by people who know first hand what it 's like to be in our situation . That 's where group support comes in . It 's not meant to be better or worse , or a more or less profound experience . It 's about being seen in another , important way .
After being diagnosed with a progressive neuroinflammatory condition called CRPS ( complex regional pain syndrome ) , I wanted to meet others who understood this specific pain and its tremendous life impact . I searched for support groups but found none within a reasonable vicinity . I was not willing to be without it , so I started one of my own .
We gather each month and focus on a specific topic . When the conversation veers to something other than what we planned , the energy it ignites serves as useful information . There is strong desire to connect with others about the newly raised issue . Most often , we agree to revisit it another month when we can expand the dialogue .
Along with the discussions , the group itself is always evolving , and I love how welcoming and even excited current participants are when new people come to check it out . Each person offers what many friends , sadly , no longer do when medical issues enter the picture . They show up . We come together because of our shared experience , but our group is not only about pain . By listening without judgment , we also bear witness to one another 's strides , resilience and hope .
I get far too much credit for starting and keeping the group running . The truth is , it was not a selfless act on my part that propelled me to get it going . Yes , I wanted to contribute to this community somehow , and this felt like a natural fit for me , but it was more than that . I needed to , or I would continue to be the only one I knew who understood this type of burning nerve pain . I wanted a space where others were game for talking about issues related to our rare condition in a forward-moving way . I needed these people whom I had not yet met .
​
When I worked with parents of children who are Deaf and hard-of-hearing , I encouraged group support as an adjunct to our psychotherapy sessions . Hearing from me that their kids could be independent and live happy lives was n't enough . They needed to meet parents of older children to be directly exposed to that truth . For the majority , the group experience increased their ability to go further in individual therapy . Both systems of support offered a unique experience of witness that met different needs .
I have also had opportunity to lead many support groups . But at my monthly CRPS gathering , I am a participant . Sure , I facilitate , but being a gentle guide , offering up topic ideas or sending out information is only part of a much bigger picture . Having this group in which I 'm not looked upon as the professional means I am in the company of my peers . I can open up and be seen .
Like the others , I wake up some days and pain informs me that I ca n't make it . I might be in the midst of a major flair-up or recovering from a recent emergency room visit . I might feel exhausted from too many nights without sleep . Getting through the car ride , much less interacting with people , seems questionable . Yet I go , and people who know about the hardest part of my life start walking in . I am instantly comforted , and the feeling continues long after our time together .
I consider the group to be an integral part of my pain management plan . It does n't stop the hurting or help me regain mobility , but it 's high on my list of things that renew me , which is a key element of the coping process . Few things compare to the power of witness . There 's not a selfie I could post that could give me that feeling of being seen . ”
Be sure to read Elisa 's other blogs . Here is the link to their posts : https : //www.elisafriedlander.com/blog
On an otherwise routine Tuesday evening in February , 11-year-old Nupur Mate was complaining at home about a headache .
The Mississauga girl had a 39 C fever and their symptoms seemed to be those of a common cold or influenza . But when Nupur could n't stop shivering , their family took them to the emergency room at nearby Trillium Hospital .
That hospital visit became the first of two times their parents were told their daughter had influenza and could recover at home .
The third time Nupur 's parents took them to the hospital , their heart stopped , and they had to be resuscitated .
Nupur has since had two limbs amputated — their left arm and right leg — and is surviving on dialysis at the Hospital for Sick Children , following a diagnosis of a serious bacterial infection caused by streptococcus A . Them family is now questioning why Trillium Hospital doctors did n't pick up on the severity of Nupur 's symptoms sooner .
`` One day , fever — OK . But three days , plus the pain … you do n't just say 'oh , it 's flu , ' '' their mother Sunita told CBC Toronto .
Doctors all thought flu
Sunita said their daughter rarely gets sick . This time was different .
Initially , the family 's doctor advised rest and Tylenol to keep Nupur 's fever down .
Then , when the family went to Trillium on Feb. 21 , they waited four hours to see a doctor , Sunita said , adding that nurses were dismissing their concerns that their daughter had something worse than the flu . Frustrated , Sunita and Nupur went home to rest instead .
The next morning , Nupur woke up wincing with severe pain in their left arm and right leg , so they again rushed them to the emergency room .
This time , they had blood work and X-rays . They all came back clear .
`` Everything points to influenza B , '' Sunita recalled the doctor saying , but that diagnosis did n't sit right with them
`` As far as I know , flu meant whole body pains , not in a particular part , '' they said .
In a life-saving measure to stop the infection , their left arm and right leg were eventually amputated . ( Submitted/Sunita Mate )
Not flu , but a serious infection
It turned out a bacterial infection was attacking Nupur 's body at a rapid pace . By Friday , their hands and feet felt cold to the touch .
`` As a mom , I was doing all that I can . I put socks on her , I was rubbing their hands . After one hour , they said they do n't have any feeling — they were completely numb , '' Sunita recalled .
Sunita called 911 that evening .
Nupur 's blood pressure was plummeting in the ambulance back to Trillium , their mom said . `` She was so pale . It was the first time I felt I was losing my daughter , '' Sunita said .
' I heard a nurse say , 'She 's dead . ' '' - Nupur Mate 's mother , Sunita
Soon after arriving , Nupur 's heart stopped . `` I heard a nurse say , 'She 's dead , ' then everyone , doctors and nurses , rushed over . ''
Sunita says 10 to 15 doctors took turns performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation on their daughter .
Nupur stabilized and was taken to SickKids . Them body was pumped with antibiotics to stop the infection from attacking more of their insides , Sunita said .
While on life support for more than a week , and 17 days spent in the ICU at SickKids , blood culture tests finally revealed the real diagnosis : Nupur had a bacterial infection caused by streptococcus A .
The next revelation was that they had to amputate to stop it from spreading , and there was no saving the limbs Nupur had been complaining about : Physicians had to cut their left arm above the elbow and their right leg partially below the knee , their mom recalled .
Nupur 's mother Sunita Mate says their daughter rarely got sick . ( Submitted/Sunita Mate )
Dr. Alison McGeer , infectious disease consultant at Mount Sinai hospital , says Nupur 's bacterial infection is extremely rare — and that their case is an anomaly .
`` Most often , streptococcus A will live in the nose and throat of people , and nothing will come of it , '' said McGeer , who is not involved in the family 's health care .
They added it 's a one-in-a-million instance for strep A to cause septic shock as it did in this case . There is also no vaccine to prevent a streptococcus A infection — and no way to tell who can fight the infection and who can not .
`` The tragedy is that for two or three days this condition just looks like a regular viral illness , '' McGeer said . `` And then all of the sudden , this very serious illness develops . ''
Nupur Mate was soon going to reach their brown belt in their beloved karate classes . ( Submitted/Sunita Mate )
Sunita said when their daughter woke up to their missing arm and leg , they asked , `` How did this happen ? I only had a cough . ''
While Nupur 's family is questioning why the infection was n't discovered sooner , McGeer said the doctors could not have predicted Mate 's condition would advance the way it did .
In a statement provided to CBC Toronto , Trillium Health Partners said they would not comment on the case due to patient confidentiality .
`` When a patient presents at one of our emergency departments , they are assessed and triaged based on their current medical needs , '' the statement said .
Attacked everything but their spirit
After 17 days in the intensive care unit , Nupur is still at SickKids spending hours on dialysis as their kidneys heal .
Sunita has quit their job to be by their daughter 's side during their recovery . It is n't clear when they will be well enough to go home , and their family has launched a Go Fund Me campaign to raise money to relieve some of the financial burden of Nupur 's recovery . ​
Nupur 's heart stopped on their third visit to Trillium Hospital . After doctors stabilized her , Nupur was taken to SickKids , where they spent more than a week on life support . ( Submitted/Sunita Mate )
Once their kidneys stabilize , their long journey in rehabilitation with prosthetics will begin . Nupur always loved swimming lessons and karate classes , their mom said , and Sunita said she 's told them everything they wanted to do , they still can .
`` It attacked everything in their body but their spirit , '' they said .
WINNIPEG–It 's an unacceptable tragedy that a man waited 34 hours in a Winnipeg hospital emergency room and was dead for several hours before they were finally brought to the attention of medical staff , Premier Gary Doer said today . Although the 45-year-old man – who CTV Winnipeg identified as a double amputee named Brian Sinclair – was `` a regular '' at the emergency room , regional health officials say they were never registered or seen by triage nurses over the weekend until it was too late . `` The bottom line is we are not making an excuse for this , '' Doer said Tuesday following a grilling over the incident in the legislature . `` This is a tragic incident and it should n't have happened . '' Sinclair was dropped off at Health Sciences Centre by a taxi Friday afternoon after visiting a downtown health clinic which is part of the regional health authority . Some hospital staff did speak with the man at some point , but it was not until shortly after midnight on Sunday that they were examined and pronounced dead . The cause of death has not been released .
Article Continued Below
CTV Winnipeg quoted a man who did not want to be named as saying they had been in the emergency room on the Friday night and had seen Sinclair sitting in their wheelchair , looking like they were asleep . But when the man came back the following night , they noticed Sinclair 's position had not changed so they told nurses and security workers , who responded they were too busy to check on Sinclair . `` The nurse said we 'll go and check , ( but ) nobody ever went and checked on him , '' said the man , who had been there with their wife .
`` We waited another hour or so and we told another nurse twice to go and check . '' The man said they also told a security officer of Sinclair 's condition but the guard told them the case would be `` too much paperwork . '' Doer said the province followed the recommendation of an earlier task force and hired re-assessment nurses who are required to check up on registered patients waiting in the emergency department , but Sinclair was never even registered with the triage nurses . `` This system broke down and there were tragic circumstances , '' Doer said . `` We 're trying to find out what exactly went wrong and we have n't got all the answers yet . ''
Article Continued Below
The hospital was n't short-staffed at the time and a re-assessment nurse was on duty , they added . Brock Wright , chief medical officer of the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority , said he 's baffled about how Sinclair could have fallen through the cracks . When the man was finally discovered by emergency room staff , Wright said they `` had been dead for some time . '' `` It 's hard to imagine how somebody could be in the department for 34 hours and somehow it not be apparent that the individual was waiting for care , '' Wright said Tuesday . `` I understand how that 's hard to imagine and yet , it happened . '' On cold nights , Wright said it 's not unusual for homeless people to take shelter in the emergency room . But they said any potential confusion that may have arisen from that practice does n't explain why Sinclair died without treatment . `` Our staff will provide blankets to homeless people who come in and are looking for some places warm . They get to know those individuals and will interact with them , '' they said . `` It 's not as if the staff is just focused exclusively on the patients and ignoring everything else around them , which makes it all the more puzzling . '' Patients who go into the emergency department are expected to approach the triage desk and register themselves or have someone register them on their behalf , they said . The emergency department treats 50,000 people each year and there are always nurses on staff to process patients , they said . Both the chief medical examiner and the regional health authority are investigating to ensure this never happens again , Wright said . The hospital hopes to have its investigation complete within a month and will make the findings public , they added . `` We view this as a really tragic event , '' they said . `` We 've never encountered this before . '' But opposition politicians said the `` worst ER failure in Manitoba history '' calls for a broad examination of the provincial health care system . Conservative Leader Hugh McFadyen said the government has to take responsibility for the tragedy . `` ( This ) demonstrates there was some kind of culture of neglect and unresponsiveness that needs to be looked into to be sure this is n't a systemic issue , '' they said . Friends of Sinclair told CTV Winnipeg they were a former solvent abuser who had kicked their addictions . `` We have n't seen them in a year , '' said Joseph Severeight . `` He quit using solvents and things like that . And that 's how I knew him , they cleaned up their life . '' Sinclair 's brother , Bradley , told CTV they did n't know their brother had gone to the emergency room and was told by social workers that Brian had died . `` I feel awful , but I 'm going to pray for him , '' they said .
CINCINNATI -- From a player 's standpoint , Malik Jackson , Olivier Vernon and Brock Osweiler were free agency 's biggest winners .
Within the next five seasons , all three will be getting paid upwards of $ 72 million .
Jackson tops the list at $ 85.5 million between now and the end of the 2020 season . Vernon will get $ 85 million in that same stretch . By the end of the 2019 season , Osweiler will receive $ 72 million from the Houston Texans , making them this free-agency period 's big splash quarterback signing .
That 's a lot of money for one player . Guess how much the Cincinnati Bengals spent on nine ?
Bengals 2016 Free Agency Signings Name 2016 cap value Overall contract cap value WR Brandon Tate $ 680,000 1-year/ $ 680,000 WR Brandon LaFell $ 2,437,500 1-year/ $ 2,437,500 OT Eric Winston $ 785,000 1-year/ $ 785,000 DT Pat Sims $ 1,225,000 2-year/ $ 2,300,000 DT Brandon Thompson $ 840,000 1-year/ $ 840,000 LB Vincent Rey $ 4,500,000 3-year/ $ 10,500,000 LB Karlos Dansby $ 2,000,000 1-year/ $ 2,000,000 CB Adam Jones $ 7,604,166 3-year/ $ 21,937,500 S George Iloka $ 5,100,000 5-year/ $ 28,500,000 Total $ 25,171,666 $ 69,980,000 Source : ESPN 's Roster Management System
According to contract details from ESPN 's Roster Management System , the Bengals will take a $ 69,980,000 cap hit within the next five years on the nine free-agent deals they worked out this spring . By the end of the 2020 season , they will have paid nine players less than what the Texans are projected to pay Osweiler the next four years . Of course , Houston could one day restructure Osweiler 's deal or cut them before they see the full amount . The former Broncos backup will make at least $ 37 million of their massive contract in guarantees .
Though Osweiler , Vernon and Jackson are only three examples of players who received big pay days , their deals are being highlighted simply as stark comparisons to what the Bengals spent in free agency . Naturally , all four teams ( the Bengals , Texans and Jackson 's Jaguars and Vernon 's Giants ) have vastly different circumstances and needs , and have their own philosophies on paying players and identifying talent .
In the Bengals ' case , though , these nine signings are an indication of how shrewd they can be . Though they were quite frugal compared to the Texans , Jaguars and Giants , it 's impossible to call the Bengals cheap . They opened the wallet to re-sign Adam Jones and Vincent Rey , and were about to do it with Marvin Jones .
But when Jones rejected Cincinnati 's comparable offer to sign a five-year , $ 40 million deal with the Lions , the Bengals had more money to move around for other signings . It helped that Brandon LaFell , Karlos Dansby and George Iloka signed fair , but maybe lower-than-expected deals .
LaFell and Dansby each agreed to one-year contracts . Combined , they hold a $ 4,437,500 cap value . When you consider LaFell had a career year two seasons ago and Dansby might be the best active defensive player to have never made a Pro Bowl , it 's worth applauding Cincinnati 's efforts to bring both veterans in at low prices . Clearly both badly wanted to play for a contender like Cincinnati . Dansby even went on record the day they were cut by Cleveland , saying they knew the Bengals were `` licking their chops '' to sign him .
As for Iloka , the safety has a $ 5.1 million cap hit for 2016 , and will eat nearly $ 30 million of cap space before their contract ends . It 's a deal that will make them the 19th-highest paid safety in the league for this season .
Cincinnati might be just about done with free agency . All that appears left is for Taylor Mays ' signing to be made official .
WATERTOWN , MA – A supposed act of generosity turned violent for one Watertown woman after three men who helped them find their car allegedly assaulted and robbed them at their apartment . The woman was leaving a Boston nightclub alone and looking for their car when the three suspects offered to help them find it , police said .
One of the men drove their car to their Watertown apartment , while the other two followed in a separate vehicle , according to police . Once there , the trio allegedly assaulted the woman and stole numerous credit cards and other items from the home .
The credit cards were used Monday at a CVS , Burger King and Sobrino Market in Dorchester , a Walmart in Walpole and a Foot Locker in Boston , police said .
A light-colored four-door sedan with a license plate number beginning with 2CT may be associated with the suspects .
Anyone with information is asked to contact Sgt . Thomas Grady at 617-972-6538 or tgrady @ police.watertown-ma.gov or Det . Jennifer Connors at 617-972-6545 or jconnors @ police.watertown-ma.gov .
Images via WPD
Donald Trump is tearing the Republican Party apart . He 's not just doing so because they reject both basic decency and traditional conservatism . He 's doing so because he 's spurred war between their followers and other conservatives .
On the one side , there are Trump supporters who claim that non-nationalist populist conservatives paint them with too broad a brush . That 's not unfair . There are many reasons people support Trump , some mediocre ( he fights ! ) , some downright gross ( he 'll stand up for white people ! ) .
By the same token , Trump supporters paint non-Trump supporters with far too broad a brush . Here are five myths too many Trump supporters seem to believe about those who oppose Trump 's candidacy :
We 're Establishment . You . Have . Got . To . Be . Kidding . Us . Seriously ? It 's one thing to claim that those who backed Jeb ! Bush or John Kasich for president represent the establishment , and therefore oppose Trump . But to claim that Ted Cruz supporters are establishment is simply opposed to reality . Cruz is the most hated Senator in modern history , a man who pushed a government shutdown to try to stop Obamacare , a man who called the Senate Majority Leader a liar on the floor of the chamber . Trump brags about donating to Democrats , pushes crony capitalism regularly , and
We 're Open Borders . The typical Trump supporter on Twitter seems to insist that those who oppose Trump do so because they 're open borders leftists . This is nonsense . Cruz has a far stronger record on the border ; Trump 's a latecomer to the issue . For myself , I 've long been in favor of a border fence or wall and heightened restrictions on immigration . That 's for cultural and safety reasons – lack of assimilation and fear of crime and terrorism – rather than economic ones . Trump is an economic populist ; I 'm not . That does n't mean I 'm an open borders libertarian , and neither are most of those who oppose Trump .
We Did Nothing to Stop Obama . No , actually , Trump supporters largely did nothing to stop Obama . To take Trump 's own argument , Trump supporters are coming out for the first time , which means they did nothing to stop Obama 's election in 2008 and 2012 . They actually agree with Obama on the role of government in the economy , as does Trump . And they 're ad hoc isolationists to boot , if they mirror Trump 's policy prescriptions . The GOP has failed , but those who oppose the GOP 's strategy of compromise and deception have found their home with Cruz , not Trump .
We 're Elitists . This accusation has been tossed around a good deal by Trump fans who accuse anti-Trump folks of looking down on blue collar workers . The idea is that we label all Trump supporters racists ( not remotely true ) , or at the very least , angry rubes who deserve what they get . In reality , we who oppose Trump oppose their agenda , including their wrongheaded protectionism ; we therefore oppose the ideas of their supporters , including the economic idiocy of trade barriers somehow creating jobs . That is n't elitist . That 's because we defend the idea that government redistributionism , direct or indirect , violates freedom and quashes prosperity . That 's not globalism . That 's called Economics 101 .
We 're Neocon Hawks . Many of those who oppose Trump and support Cruz believe that the war in Libya was wrongheaded , oppose the arming of the Syrian rebels because we ca n't assure their identities , and generally look skeptically at nation-building as a whole . Trump supporters insist that we 're all-war-all-the-time McCain fans , but that 's false on its face .
Trump supporters paint a pretty unflattering picture of those who oppose Trump : we 're globalist shills , internationalist lackeys , running dogs for the elites . None of that is true . Before accusing Trump 's opponents of slandering Trump supporters , Trump supporters ought to take a hard look in the mirror .
A 35-year-old Evanston man tried to negotiate with a group of four men who stole their iPod while on a Red Line train , and was robbed of another $ 30 for their trouble , prosecutors said Sunday .
Kenneth Parron , 18 , has been charged wtih two counts of robbery in connection with two alleged muggings on the CTA 's Red Line . They appeared in bond court Sunday morning , where they were ordered held in lieu of $ 80,000 bail .
The man reported a group of four or five men took their iPod on June 9 while they were on the Red Line near the Clark/Division stop , prosecutors said . The man followed them onto the platform and offered them $ 30 if they would give the iPod back , but when they pulled the money out their wallet , one of the men punched them in the head and fled with the money . Chicago Transit Authority surveillance video shows the man chasing their assailants around the platform .
Some two months later , a CTA employee who had seen pictures of the alleged muggers , reported spotting one of the men , Parron , in a donut shop near the Belmont Red Line station Saturday .
Parron , 18 , of the 6500 block of South Oakley Avenue , allegedly told police they had been one of the men 's attackers . They also had a stolen cell phone with them that belonged to a man who also had been mugged near the Chicago Avenue Red Line stop .
Parron , who had a listed alias of “ PP Man , ” has been charged with two counts of robbery .
agrimm @ tribune.com
A video has been released by Israeli TV network Channel 2 apparently showing Israeli Defense soldiers dancing with Palestinians at a wedding party in the West Bank .
According to the channel , the soldiers were attracted to the party in Hebron after hearing South Korean rapper Psy 's hit “ Gangnam style ” blaring from the speakers .
The crowd welcomed the men , hoisting them up onto the shoulders of guests , dancing and joining hands .
The soldiers , reportedly from the Givati Brigade , were in full uniform , wearing flak jackets and carrying assault rifles as they danced .
Despite the happy scene , the Israeli Defence Force ( IDF ) was not impressed , calling it a “ serious incident ” . In a statement it announced : “ The soldiers exposed themselves to unnecessary danger and were disciplined accordingly . ”
Channel 2 claimed the club was frequented by members of a pro-Hamas clan .
Hebron has been a centre for violence between Israelis and Palestinians for decades .
Picture and video credit CC : Al-Fajer Al-Jadeed on YouTube
North Carolina has declared that men 's restrooms are for men , and women 's restrooms are for women . This would have elicited nothing more than a “ well obviously ” from people in the past . But we are experiencing “ interesting times ” , where “ men ” and “ women ” are defined not by objective biological reality , but by the “ feelz ” of a scant few who wish to force their “ identities ” on others… regardless of the cost . Needless to say , the outrage that real men are supposed to use the men 's room and not the ladies ' room has been palpable and hypocritical .
Virtue-signaling hypocrite Bruce Springsteen is one example of this insanity . They canceled a concert in North Carolina because men were n't allowed into the ladies ' restroom . This was so beyond the pale for him , that they had to make a moral stand ; this makes it clear that they think that prosecuting , in the most vicious way , Gay people are totes OK , since they were happy to play in Dubai where these things tend to happen ! Bryan Adams was another virtue-signaling hypocrite who boycotted Mississippi for the same reason , and with the same hypocrisy played a concert in Egypt . Of course for them , it 's all about the filthy lucre when they are not busy virtue-signaling… in order to get some more of that filthy , filthy lucre .
In response to this outswelling of support for men in ladies ' restroom , the city of Charlotte has illegally passed an ordinance which outlaws all sex-specific bathrooms and showers ( or any other facility ) !
“ Any biological man – regardless of whether they ‘ identifies ' or ‘ expresses ' themselves as a man OR as a woman – now has the legal right under the City 's amended ordinance to access the most intimate of women 's facilities ( and vice versa ) . Under the ordinance , Charlotte businesses may no longer offer or enforce sex-specific facilities and face penalties if they do . “ Before the amendment , the public accommodations ordinance had two separate parts . “ The first part prohibited denying anyone ‘ the full and equal enjoyment of the … facilities … a place of public accommodation because of race , color , religion , or national origin . ' “ The second part prohibited discriminating on the basis of sex , but exempted ‘ [ r ] estrooms , shower rooms , bathhouses , and similar facilities which are in their nature distinctly private . ' “ Adding the new categories of ‘ sexual orientation , gender identity and gender expression ' to the second part of the public accommodations ordinance would not have suited the objectives of radical activists to overhaul existing bathroom policy . Therefore , City Council eliminated the second part of the ordinance completely , including its bathroom and shower exemptions . “ They moved ‘ sex ' to the first part and added the new classifications . So , the new language is just this : “ ‘ It shall be unlawful to deny any person the full and equal enjoyment of the goods , services , facilities , privileges , advantages , and accommodations of a place of public accommodation because of race , color , religion , sex , familial status , marital status , sexual orientation , gender identity , gender expression , or national origin . ' “ ‘ This is a boneheaded blunder and a further embarrassment to Charlotte . ' ” “ If ‘ gender identity ' and ‘ gender expression ' mean that a transgender must be allowed to use the bathroom and shower of choice , then ‘ sex ' means that ALL men must be permitted to use women 's facilities and vice versa . The City Attorney says that 's not what was intended , but it is what the language says . ”
But it 's only the eeevil “ Reich wing ” religious nutballs who have a problem with this , right ?
Nope .
The crew who film the show “ Transparent ” about the live of “ trans-people ” are up in arms over “ trans-friendly ” toilets :
“ The beef is that men , women and transgenders can all enter as they please , making it uncomfortable for some of the crew . Women are particularly worried about walking in and seeing a dude peeing at the urinal . Now this is interesting … we 're told several crew members are too scared to complain , for fear they 'll be labeled ‘ transphobic , ' which would be the kiss of death on that set . ”
Remind me again who has power and privilege ?
But… but… attacks on children would never really happen , right ?
Wrong :
“ Seattle Parks and Recreation has confirmed an adult male inappropriately used a female locker room at Evans Pool in Green Lake while a youth swim team used the facilities ”
But that 's just an isolated incident , right ?
Nope :
“ A sexual predator who falsely claimed to be transgender and preyed on women at two Toronto shelters was jailed indefinitely on Wednesday . Justice John McMahon declared Christopher Hambrook — who claimed to be a transgender woman named Jessica — was a dangerous offender . ”
But… but… it 's not like a city or college is actively trying to aid and abed perverts , right ?
Hell no !
“ Bookworm ” of Bookworm room , perhaps , explains why giving an inch will let perverts take a mile :
“ So , if true transgenders are n't violent , if this bathroom sharing has been existing sub rosa forever , and if perverts have been using women 's bathrooms long before transgender rights became an issue , why do I still believe that it 's important that we continue our current biologically-based gender segregation in bathrooms and changing rooms ? It 's important because of what I think of as the “ broken windows ” theory of public bathrooms . “ The ‘ broken windows ' reference , obviously , goes back to a 1982 article that social scientists James Q. Wilson and George L. Kelling wrote for The Atlantic about lowering “ America 's staggeringly high crime rates following the lackadaisical law enforcement in the 1970s that the hippies and their enablers insisted upon across America 's urban landscapes . The ‘ broken windows ' theory was simple : if police forces ignore little crimes , that practice begets big crimes . “ … “ This same principle — which I think of as ‘ do n't make it easy for the bad guys ' — holds true for perverts and women 's facilities . Society currently has drawn a bright line : ‘ Men ( meaning people with the objective indicia of the male sex ) , you stay out of women 's bathrooms , locker rooms , and changing areas . ' “ While this long-standing rule does n't keep all of the perverts out , it most certainly does n't encourage them to come in . The proposed new rule , however , which advertises that ‘ Gender is a meaningless societal construct so that you can go wherever the heck you feel you belong , ' encourages perverts . It 's a broken window . It says that it 's okay for you , the man with evil acts in their heart , to be there in the stall next to the little girl or stripping off all your clothes in the center of the women 's locker room . ”
Such simple logic does not apply to the Left . But they do n't care about logic when their faith is at stake . As has been noted :
“ Ultimately this is just the social equivalent of the Left 's desire for economic justice and income inequality . As Margaret Thatcher said , they 'd rather the poor be poorer , provided the rich were less rich ; just as long as the income gap is smaller , they 'd rather the poor be poorer . “ But , as Cultural Marxism has replaced traditional Marxism , the Left does n't just want the poor to be poorer , they wand to destroy all social mores and traditions that lead to happiness and prosperity just because not everyone is partaking of it equally . “ They 'd rather the failures fail harder , provided the successful were less successful . ”
Tweet
Today we want to share some neat grid navigation effects using jQuery . In our examples we will show you ten ways how to navigate through a set of thumbnails . We 'll take a look at some of the possibilities and how to apply the effect .
View demo Download source
Today we want to share some neat grid navigation effects using jQuery . In our examples we will show you ten ways how to navigate through a set of thumbnails . We 'll take a look at some of the possibilities and how to apply the effect .
The images used in the demos are by Andrew and Lili and you can see their Behance profile here :
http : //www.behance.net/AndrewLili
The images are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License .
Take a look at all the examples ( you can also navigate from them to all the other examples ) :
You can use the mousewheel to navigate through the thumbnails .
The HTML structure that the script is based on is basically a list of element and some navigation arrows wrapped by a container with class and id “ tj_container ” .
Let 's see an example for using the sequential move/fade :
$ ( ' # tj_container ' ) .gridnav ( { rows : 2 , navL : ' # tj_prev ' , navR : ' # tj_next ' , type : { mode : 'sequpdown ' , speed : 400 , easing : `` , factor : 50 , reverse : false } } ) ;
The following parameters can be used/set :
rows : the number of rows to be shown in the grid
navL/navR : the selectors for the previous and next navigation elements
mode : the type of animation ; you can use def | fade | seqfade | updown | sequpdown | showhide | disperse | rows
speed : the speed of the animation for fade , seqfade , updown , sequpdown , showhide , disperse , rows
easing : the easing effect for fade , seqfade , updown , sequpdown , showhide , disperse , rows
factor : delay between each item animation for seqfade , sequpdown ; amount of pixels the row move when using rows
reverse : for reversing the order when using sequpdown
We hope you like these little effects and find them useful !
View demo Download source
Storefront stickers counter religious freedom bill
A grassroots campaign sells stickers for businesses to display in windows and doors to show they oppose Indiana 's religious freedom bill . ( Photo : Provided by Josh Driver )
If some wedding businesses want to cite their religious freedom to turn away gay couples , a local grassroots campaign is highlighting the businesses that will serve everyone .
Businesses can buy `` Open for Service '' stickers to put in their doors and windows to show they welcome all customers , regardless of race , religion , sexual orientation or gender identity .
The campaign opposes proposed `` religious freedom '' legislation that some say will protect business owners ' right to exercise their religious beliefs – but others fear will allow discrimination against the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community .
`` It 's not to single out bakeries that say they 're not going to make the cakes , '' said Indianapolis resident Josh Driver , 33 , who launched the Open for Service campaign . `` I tend to put a positive spin on situations like this and focus on businesses that are willing to bake the cakes or be the DJ . ''
For $ 10 , businesses can buy the sticker and be listed in a directory online at openforservice.org – `` an anti-discrimination Angie 's List , so to speak , '' Driver said . After covering the cost of making the stickers , Driver said the proceeds will go to SCORE , a national network that helps small business owners .
Driver sees Open for Service as a way to `` dictate the market '' by supporting businesses that are n't backing the religious freedom bill .
`` We 're not looking to target businesses that do n't want to get on board , '' they said . `` This is more of a celebration . ''
They partnered with Indianapolis web designer Andrew Markle to launch the campaign this week . Twenty businesses have already signed up for stickers , Driver said .
Driver also started the Purple Hat Project several years ago to show support for marriage equality .
Silver in the City , a Downtown gift store on Mass Ave. , is one of the businesses on board with the Open for Service campaign , said owner Kristin Kohn .
`` Nobody would be turned away from patronizing our business based on who they are or what they believe , '' they said , adding , `` I want all of our visitors to feel welcome in Indianapolis . It 's a fight back at what I believe to be a very negative image that the rest of the nation might feel toward Indiana based on this bill . ''
During state senators ' debate on the proposal in February , Portage Democrat Karen Tallian suggested that businesses should be required to post signs showing what groups they may not serve because of conflicts with their religious beliefs . As an example for Christian businesses that oppose same-sex marriages , they held up a sign of a rainbow with a red slash running through it .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now , not later . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827 . Delivery : varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Call Star reporter Stephanie Wang at ( 317 ) 444-6184 . Follow them on Twitter : @ stephaniewang .
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/1GzQuam
The Office of Administration Secretary Jeb Spaulding , left , will report to the Legislature on a study of marijuana legalization in Vermont . ( Photo : AP )
The administration of Gov . Peter Shumlin is gearing up for a task assigned to it by the Legislature : studying the fiscal and other impacts if the state were to legalize marijuana .
Shumlin agrees with lawmakers “ it 's timely to do a study , ” said Administration Secretary Jeb Spaulding , whose agency is to report its findings to lawmakers by Jan. 15 .
“ We 're not going to prejudge what our position would be at the end of it , ” they said .
An amendment to a bill removing the cap on the number of patients who can get medical marijuana in Vermont called for a study of “ possible taxing systems ” for marijuana , any savings or costs connected with taxing and regulating the drug , and the experiences of other states that have legalized , which as of now are Colorado and Washington .
Less than a week after lawmakers adjourned , Spaulding said the administration has n't determined how to carry out the task .
“ I know that we 're going to take it seriously and we 'll probably do a pretty thorough study , ” they said .
Shumlin has said repeatedly they want to watch what happens in Colorado and Washington before deciding whether legalization is a good idea for Vermont . Spaulding cautioned that January , when their agency 's report is due , may be too soon to give a definitive answer .
Advocates on both sides of the issue are already offering suggestions for what Vermont ought to consider .
Matt Simon of the Marijuana Policy Project , which supports legalization , said one issue in Colorado “ that perhaps was n't foreseen was how edibles and infused products would be regulated . ”
Edibles have come under close scrutiny in Colorado after a Wyoming college student visiting Denver ate more of a pot-laced cookie than recommended and jumped to their death from a hotel balcony . Last month , a man fatally shot their wife after eating pot-infused candy .
Those two deaths since marijuana became legal in January are far fewer than the 161 drunken driving deaths reported for Colorado in 2011 by the group Mothers Against Drunk Driving . The MADD statistics did n't include suicides or homicides tied to alcohol .
Kevin Sabet , executive director of the anti-pot group Project SAM — for Smart Approaches to Marijuana — said states eyeing potential marijuana tax revenues should consider that the social costs of alcohol , ranging from lost workplace productivity to traffic accidents , usually outstrip revenues from taxing the beverages by 10 to one .
“ For the state to think they 're actually going to gain money when all is said and done I think is a very difficult proposition to make , ” Sabet said .
Rep. Kristina Michelsen , D-Hardwick , a legalization supporter who is leaving the Vermont House after one term , said they hoped that any legalization scheme in Vermont will allow not just for a commercial industry , but for people to be able to grow their own at home .
Sabet said just allowing homegrown might be preferable to full commercial legalization , which they said “ invites profit-seeking companies with very little regard for public health . ”
Read or Share this story : http : //bfpne.ws/1iQLUXH
Indian employers are ahead of their Asia Pacific counterparts in developing strategies to manage work-related stress as one in every three employers instituted stress management programmes last year and an almost equal number plan to do so this year , says a survey.According to the inaugural Asia Pacific edition of the 'Staying @ Work ' survey conducted by professional services company Towers Watson , stress is the number one lifestyle risk factor , ranking above physical inactivity and obesity.A growing recognition among employers is that the workplace experience can both contribute to and reduce employee stress and an increasing number of employers are planning lifestyle change programmes that were not as prevalent as of now . `` Almost 1 in every 3 Indian employers has instituted stress or resilience management programmes in 2013 and analmost equal number plan to follow suit in 2014 . With stress being ranked as # 1 lifestyle risk factor in India , this number is likely to grow , '' the report said . `` It is noteworthy that Indian employers fared better than their Asia Pacific counterparts in managing employees ' work-related stress , '' Towers Watson India Director , Benefits Anuradha Sriram said.Integrating various initiatives into a comprehensive and robust health and productivity strategy is a gradual process , but the fact that Indian companies have begun taking positive strides in this direction augurs well , Sriram added.According to Indian employees the top three reasons for stress at workplace include unclear or conflicting job expectations , inadequate staffing ( lack of support , uneven workload in group ) and lack of work/life balance.One of the most common solution adopted by employers to manage employees ' stress is offering flexible working hours as 50 per cent of employers resorts to this solution.Other top solutions adopted by employers include organise stress management interventions like workshops , yoga , tai chi and undertake education and awareness campaigns to help their employees manage stress.Though Indian employers are ahead of their regional peers in managing stress at workplace , only 38 per cent have identified stress management at workplace as a top priority of their health and productivity programs , signaling a vast scope for improvement in this area . `` In a challenging economic scenario , where companies are stretched to balance costs and maximise productivity , employers need to identify specific triggers that impact employee wellness , engagement and in turn productivity , '' Sriram said .
'Jurassic Park ' was certainly a dinosaur-sized hit when it came out in 1993 .
The Steven Spielberg-directed thriller became the highest grossing film up to that time , going on to haul in close to $ 1 billion worldwide and setting the stage for a few sequels , with the fourth installment due to come out next June .
While the movie 's selling points were more its spectacular special effects and exciting plot , 'Jurassic Park ' did feature a pretty strong cast . See what the stars of 'Jurassic Park ' are up to these days below .
Sam Neill , Dr. Alan Grant
YouTube/Max Morse , Getty Images
Then : Neill scored arguably their most famous role as Dr. Alan Grant , a paleontologist and the protagonist of ‘ Jurassic Park . ' 1993 was a big year for the United Kingdom-born , New Zealand-raised actor , as they also stared in the critically-acclaimed hit 'The Piano . '
Now : In 2012 , Neill played supporting roles in 'The Vow ' and the short-lived Fox drama 'Alcatraz . ' The 67-year-old has kept busy since , working on a variety of film and TV projects .
Laura Dern , Dr. Ellie Sattler
YouTube/Frederick M. Brown , Getty Images
Then : Dern played Dr. Ellie Sattler , a graduate student who becomes Grant 's love interest . The daughter of actors Bruce Dern and Diane Ladd , Dern had been known for their starring roles in the David Lynch films 'Blue Velvet ' and 'Wild at Heart . '
Now : Dern , who was once nominated for an Oscar for their work in 1992 's 'Rambling Rose ' starred on the HBO series 'Enlightened , ' which also featured mom Diane Ladd . Them rocky 12-year relationship with musician Ben Harper ended in 2013 when their divorce was finalized .
Jeff Goldblum , Dr. Ian Malcolm
YouTube/Amy Sussman , Getty Images
Then : Goldblum provided 'Jurassic Park ' with some comic relief as witty chaos theorist Dr. Ian Malcolm . The unusually tall actor got their start in the '70s on shows such as 'Columbo ' and 'Starsky & Hutch ' and became a star in the mid-'80s thanks to movies like 'The Big Chill ' and 'The Fly . '
Now : The 62-year-old popped up as Hiram Berry on 'Glee ' and played a character called Chief Goldblum in 'Tim and Eric 's Billion Dollar Movie . ' He 's also appeared in 'The Grand Budapest Hotel '' and had guest stints on 'Last Week Tonight with John Oliver , ' 'The League ' and 'Portlandia . '
Richard Attenborough , John Hammond
YouTube/Phil Cole , Getty Images
Then : Sir Richard Attenborough brought gravity to the film as John Hammond , billionaire curator of 'Jurassic Park . ' Although they are better known as a director , Attenborough had a few other memorable acting roles , including as Santa Claus in ' Prancer . '
Now : Attenborough passed away in 2014 at the age of 90 .
Ariana Richards , Lex Murphy
YouTube/Ariana.org
Then : You may remember Ariana Richards as Lex Murphy , Hammond 's computer-savvy granddaughter who explores the park along with the scientists . Richards had their first big film role in 1989 's ' Prancer , ' alongside their 'Jurassic Park ' grandfather Richard Attenborough .
Now : Richards studied art in college and stopped acting to focus on their graphic art career . However , the 335-year-old has continued to dabble in acting , appearing in obscure projects , such as 'Tremors 3 , ' 'Battledogs ' and ' 5-25-77 . '
Joseph Mazzello , Tim Murphy
YouTube/Frazer Harrison , Getty Images
Then : Mazzello played Tim Murphy , Lex 's little brother who was also along for the dangerous dinosaur ride . That same year the 9-year-old had another high profile role in the Anthony Hopkins film 'Shadowlands . '
Now : Mazzello has worked pretty consistently throughout their teens and 20s , with their most well-known recent role as Dustin Moskovitz in 'The Social Network . ' They were also in 'GI : Retaliation ' and had recurring roles on 'Person of Interest ' and 'Justified . '
Martin Ferrero , Donald Gennaro
YouTube/College Humor
Then : Ferrero played lawyer Donald Gennaro , who meets a tragic end in 'Jurassic Park . '
A longtime `` that guy '' actor , they were known for their roles in 'Miami Vice ' and ' Planes , Trains and Automobiles . '
Now : The 67-year-old 's last film was 2001 's 'Air Bud 3 ' and their last credit was when they reprised their doomed Gennaro character in a College Humor internet short .
Wayne Knight , Dennis Nedry
YouTube/Jason Kempin , Getty Images
Then : Knight portrayed Dennis Nedry , a shady computer programmer who kicks off the dino rampage . During that time period , Knight was also making us laugh as Newman , 'Seinfeld 's ' `` fifth '' cast member . They were also famous for perspiring during 'Basic Instinct 's ' notorious interrogation scene .
Now : The 59-year-old has worked consistently and stars on the TV Land sitcom 'The Exes . ' They also starred as Santa in the Broadway version of ' Elf . '
Samuel L. Jackson , Ray Arnold
YouTube/Craig Barritt , Getty Images
Then : You probably remember Samuel L. Jackson as Ray Arnold , the park 's chief engineer . 'Jurassic Park ' is a big reason Jackson is the highest grossing actor of all-time , with their films totaling almost $ 10 billion in box office revenue .
Now : There may be no harder working man in show business . Jackson , 65 , added to their record-breaking box office total with turns in 'The Avengers , ' 'Django Unchained ' and the 'Captain America ' series , as well a string of other high-profile flicks in the works , including 'Nick Fury ' and 'Tarzan . '
B.D . Wong , Dr. Henry Wu
YouTube/Ilya S.Savenok , Getty Images
Then : B.D . Wong played geneticist Dr. Henry Wu . They had previously been in movies such as 'The Freshman ' and 'Father of the Bride . '
Now : Wong has long played Dr. George Huang on 'Law & Order : Special Victims Unit . ' He 's expected to appear in 'Jurassic Park 4 . '
Nearly a year after Enron 's Jeffrey K. Skilling walked into prison for their role in one of the era 's most devastating corporate scandals , the federal government unexpectedly finds itself fighting to keep them behind bars until their sentence ends in 2028 .
Skilling 's conviction last year on fraud , conspiracy and insider-trading charges was the crowning glory of the Justice Department 's drive to police misconduct at the nation 's largest companies .
But an appeals court ruling months later invalidated one of the government 's legal theories and undermined Skilling 's conviction on a criminal conspiracy charge . Their defense team made that a centerpiece of its appeal in September , and yesterday prosecutors responded with more than 200 pages of argument urging the court to preserve the conviction -- and the lengthy prison term .
The critical issue , legal experts say , is whether Skilling 's high-priced defense team can use the earlier appeals court ruling as a wedge to pry open the rest of the case and spring them from prison far sooner than their 24-year , four-month sentence would allow .
The government 's predicament began in August 2006 , when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit threw out several other Enron-related convictions . There , the court reasoned that employees needed to steal money or engage in otherwise blatantly corrupt behavior to be guilty of conspiracy for violating their duty to provide honest services to a company 's investors .
Defense lawyers at O'Melveny & Myers cited the ruling this year as they asked the court to throw out all 19 of Skilling 's criminal convictions and for a new trial or a reduced sentence .
But in yesterday 's court papers , prosecutors refused to concede that the August 2006 case applied to Skilling , the former president and chief executive of the Houston energy-trading company . Instead , the government argued , Skilling was `` no mere employee carrying out perceived goals imposed from above '' but rather a corporate leader who devised the plan to hide Enron 's losses and manufacture phony revenue .
`` Skilling repeatedly violated the law by . . . making false and fraudulent representations to Enron 's shareholders and the investing public , approving improper earnings manipulation and participating in off-the-books side deals that were concealed from Enron 's auditors , '' Assistant U.S. Attorney Douglas Wilson wrote .
Since December , Skilling has been in a Waseca , Minn. , federal prison , where they have been teaching themselves and some fellow inmates Spanish .
The Enron prosecution team , since disbanded , has had spotty results on appeal . Besides the August 2006 ruling , which involved a questionable deal with Merrill Lynch to unload energy-generating barges , the U.S. Supreme Court two years ago overturned a conviction of Enron 's accounting firm , Arthur Andersen , for obstructing justice .
It remains to be seen how an appeals court ruling that is at least partly favorable to the defense would affect Skilling 's prison term . Federal judges have unusual discretion when it comes to fashioning sentences . And U.S. District Judge Simeon T. Lake III , who presided over last year 's trial , has developed a reputation as a no-nonsense jurist who does not hesitate to throw the book at people who break the law .
Yet Lake has backtracked before . In one case that drew national attention , Lake sentenced a mid-level Dynegy executive embroiled in a far less devastating accounting scheme to 24 years in prison , setting off an outcry that helped prompt an appeals court to order a do-over . Ultimately the judge reduced the prison term to six years .
Alpha18 release summary
May , 22
It 's been more than two weeks since the last alpha release , so it 's time for a short summary , followed by general plans for Alpha19 .
Let 's start with bugs : ) . This release was especially prone to them . The first type are bugs caused by changes in game logic to accommodate the campaign mode . Those are usually simple to figure out ( as they exist purely in my own code ) . Most involved breaking something in the single map mode , which I did n't test enough before releasing . I hope to have the majority of them fixed in the next “ hotfix ” update in the following week . The other type of bugs were caused by porting the game to the Microsoft Visual Studio compiler . One does not simply copy sixty thousand lines of code into software developed by Microsoft and expect everything to work : D .
There is one nasty bug that crashes the game during saving ( or perhaps only while autosaving ) . The nastiness comes from the fact that it does n't get reported , i.e . it crashes the program so badly that reporting also goes down . All my knowledge about it comes from anecdotal reports from players , which is a very bad situation . I suspect it might have to do with high RAM usage by the game . I 'll work on improving this in Alpha19 . Meanwhile , I hope to get more data on the crash . If it has happened to you , I 'll be very grateful for an email or a post on the forums with your system specs ( especially RAM ) , details on the game you were playing ( whether single map or campaign , number of villains in the campaign , etc ) , and if it has happened to you just once or more frequently .
There are also a few low level bugs , mostly concerning the graphics and multimedia library SFML , which I 'm planning the replacement with SDL soon ( which will replace current bugs with new ones , hopefully fewer : P ) . They usually manifest themselves by the game not starting at all or by weird crashes not connected to gameplay . There are also missing dll errors caused strictly by the port to the Microsoft compiler . I think I 've done everything correctly to resolve them , but some players still have problems running the game , so I 'll have to spend some more time on this .
The feedback about the campaign mode was very positive , which makes me very happy . I think it adds a lot of freshness to the game , and breaks the routine of the old single map gameplay . I hope to continue this trend with future updates , watch out for big announcements soon : ) .
Alpha19 will feature various small gameplay improvements , mostly involving the campaign mode . Among them , adventurers will be able to roam the campaign and fight multiple keeper dungeons . Maps will be filled with extra content , besides the main occupant . On your home map you will find minor enemies and some surprises . Keepers will be able to place notice boards on their maps , where passersby will be allowed to add notes . The notes will be stored on the server , so the boards will function as primitive , medieval chat rooms . 🙂
More details on Alpha19 coming soon .
COMMENTS
American musician
Martina Michèle Weymouth ( born November 22 , 1950 ) is an American musician , singer , songwriter , and author , best known as a founding member and bassist of the new wave group Talking Heads and its side project Tom Tom Club , which they co-founded with husband and Talking Heads drummer , Chris Frantz . [ 1 ] In 2002 , Weymouth was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Talking Heads . [ 2 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Born in Coronado , California , Weymouth is the daughter of Laura Bouchage and retired US Navy Vice Admiral Ralph Weymouth . They have seven siblings , including Lani and Laura Weymouth , who are collaborators in Weymouth 's band Tom Tom Club , and architect Yann Weymouth , the designer of the Salvador Dalí Museum . Weymouth is of French heritage on their mother 's side ( she is the great-granddaughter of Anatole Le Braz , a Breton writer ) . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
At the age of 12 , they joined The Potomac English Hand Bell Ringers , an amateur music group directed by Nancy Tufts , and toured with them . At 14 , they started to teach themselves the guitar . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
Talking Heads [ edit ]
As a student at the Rhode Island School of Design , they met Chris Frantz and David Byrne who later formed a band and were searching for a bass player . They joined them at Frantz 's request , and began learning and playing bass .
As a bass player they combined the minimalist art-punk bass lines of groups such as Wire and Pere Ubu with danceable , funk-inflected riffs to provide the bedrock of Talking Heads signature sound . [ 7 ] Them sound is often very syncopated ( e.g. , reggae/funk ) in feel , combining low fundamental notes with higher flourishes in clipped , staccato rhythms .
Other musical activities [ edit ]
Full members of the Compass Point All Stars , Weymouth and Frantz formed the Tom Tom Club in 1980 , which kept them busy during a fairly long hiatus in Talking Heads activity . When it became obvious that Talking Heads frontman David Byrne had no interest in another Talking Heads album , Weymouth , Frantz , and Jerry Harrison reunited without them for a single album called No Talking , Just Head under the name `` The Heads '' in 1996 , featuring a rotating cast of vocalists . Weymouth has been critical of Byrne , describing them as `` a man incapable of returning friendship . `` [ 8 ]
Weymouth playing with Talking Heads , Toronto , May 13 , 1978
They co-produced the Happy Mondays ' 1992 album Yes Please ! and has contributed backing vocals and percussion for the alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz on their track `` 19-2000 . ''
Weymouth was a judge for the second annual Independent Music Awards to support independent artists ' careers . [ 9 ] They collaborated with Chicks on Speed on their cover of the Tom Tom Club 's `` Wordy Rappinghood '' for their album 99 Cents in 2003 along with other female musicians such as Miss Kittin , Kevin Blechdom , Le Tigre , and Adult . 's Nicola Kuperus . [ 10 ] `` Wordy Rappinghood '' became a moderate dance hit in Europe , peaking at number two in the Dutch Top 40 , [ 11 ] number five on the Belgian Dance Chart , [ 12 ] and at number seven on the UK Singles Chart . [ 13 ]
Personal life [ edit ]
Weymouth and Chris Frantz have been married since 1977 . They live in Fairfield , Connecticut , and have two sons . [ 14 ] Them niece , Katharine Weymouth , served as publisher of The Washington Post . [ 15 ]
Equipment [ edit ]
There always seems to be an odd man out , and in this case it 's Max Holloway .
Surging UFC featherweight contender Holloway has been calling out UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor , former champion Jose Aldo and current top contender Frankie Edgar for months , but all three were recently booked for the landmark UFC 200 card later this year . Holloway did not get their wish of fighting a top three 145-pounder despite a very impressive winning streak of eight in-a-row , including finishes over Cub Swanson and Charles Oliveira last year , and now there is no clear next-fight for the 24-year old .
`` I just feel left out because my last fight was n't a finish , '' Holloway told MMAFighting.com . `` When I was finishing guys , the media was on me like crazy . Then I have this one decision fight against a guy ( Jeremy Stephens ) who , 'Cowboy ' Cerrone , Anthony Pettis , these guys could n't finish him . And then [ people are ] looking at me , asking me how the hell I did n't finish him . It 's like , look at these guys . These guys are beasts and they had a hard time with the fight too . They could n't finish them either .
`` So I 'm a true believer in , people only remember you for your last fight . And my last fight , I felt , was great , but I guess some people did n't think it was so hot . So it is what it is . ''
A very frustrated Holloway is n't too impressed with the UFC matchmakers and , at this point , just wants a fight . Whether they have to take a step back down and fight another top 10 opponent , or top 15 , it does n't really matter to the Hawaiian anymore .
`` I want to get back in there and I want to get busy , '' Holloway said . `` I 've been telling everybody , I 've had four fights each in back-to-back years . One fight was in January [ in 2014 ] , and then last year my first fight was in February . Now , it 's like the end of March and I have no fight . I 'm not even booked yet . I would like to get back in June or July . The UFC 200 card , that big one , or June on that big Weidman-Rockhold card ( UFC 199 ) . But still , look , that 's almost half the year . Half the year is almost gone by fighting there , so I want to get busy .
`` If it takes 10 , 12 , 13 ... I 'll just keep going , '' they insisted . `` Because like I said , I want to just prove I 'm the best in the world . So if I have to keep proving it , I 'm going to go out there and keep proving it . But at the end of the day , I want those big money fights . So whenever the big money fights start rolling in , that should be fun . But I do n't know . Who knows ? The UFC has a mind of its own . Whatever they want to do , I 'm down for . Just keep me active , please . That 's all I ask the UFC to do . Keep me active . ''
The top of the featherweight division is a mess right now with McGregor fighting in heavier weight divisions still figuring out whether they will move up full-time or return to 145-pounds to defend their title and Aldo and Edgar fighting for the interim belt .
Holloway does n't believe McGregor , who faces Nate Diaz in a non-title welterweight bout in the UFC 200 headliner , will return to the featherweight division because they were already a massive featherweight . And now , after July 9 , the Irishman will have competed at heavier weight twice in-a-row , making it even more difficult to cut down to 145-pounds .
`` At the end of the day , who knows if they come back to 145 ? Honestly , my feeling , I do n't think that they do , '' Holloway told MMA Fighting . `` I think that 155-pound fight ( against dos Anjos ) was already saying that they just wanted to be at 155 , hold the two titles , say that they did it , then just move up full-time . That 's what I thought they were thinking of doing , because he 's a big guy . All you hear of them is struggling to make 145 . This guy struggles . You see , all they do is [ cut weight ] all week long .
`` So they were going to go up sooner or later . Then you see them getting bigger every fight . ... Their last fight , they were a big boy . And they already had a hard time cutting . [ With him ] going back up to 170 , I think he 's going to gain weight and have to cut a little , just trying to compete at that level , at 170 . So who knows if he 's coming down ? ''
This idea was completely inspired by @ Saumanahaii ‘ s thread here :
First , the idea is based on this :
The project is set up like this :
1. implant magnets
2. test implants with coil to make sure audio is picked up
3. implant coil/other parts w/transdermal jack & power charger
Having stuff like this done is n't really the realm of doctors . Most Grinders rely on body modification artists to install their implants . I 've had work done by the body modification master Steve Haworth in the past and have relied on them for advice on several project ideas . Steve instinctively knew the best way to go about the implantation in a way that would minimize chances for infection and would leave no scarring . The implant procedure itself went very smoothly and the pain was surprisingly minimal .
The first thing everyone asks is “ why would you do this ? ” Honestly , I do n't feel the need to answer this question . People either get it or they do n't . I 'm a Grinder , and we are notorious for getting it .
The second question is usually “ what are you going to do with it ? ”
Listening to music is nice and probably the most obvious answer , but I intend to do some very creative things with it . The implant itself is completely undetectable to the naked eye . The device & coil necklace are are easily concealed under my shirt so nobody can really see it . I can see myself using it with the gps on my smartphone to navigate city streets on foot . I plan to hook it up to a directional mic of some sort ( possibly disguised as a shirt button or something ) so I can hear conversations across a room . Having a mic hooked up to it and routed through my phone would be handy . You could use a simple voice stress analysis app to detect when people might be lying to you . Not to say that is a hard science , but I 'm sure it could come in handy at the poker table or to pre-screen business clients . I have a contact mic that allows you to hear through walls . That might be my next implant actually .
I plan to hook this thing up to an ultrasonic rangefinder so that hums can be heard when objects get closer or further away . This will basically give you a sense of echolocation like a bat has . This could be really handy for blind people ( many of whom use echolocation for navigation ) since it will be audible only to them and does n't require making clicking noises with your mouth or using some other manual noisemaker . Echolocation is something I want to start practicing with now because I might be legally blind soon . I lost much of vision in my right eye overnight a few years back . I just woke up and could n't see well up close or far away . My other eye has compensated for the vision loss but the doc says the good eye can go at any time and when it does it will be very rapid . I 'll lose my drivers license , wo n't be able to read , and glasses wo n't correct the problem . Making money will be harder . A cornea transplant will be my only option and that is a bit out of my budget at the moment . So I figure learning to navigate with echolocation is a good thing to develop now , not that I 've resigned myself to blindness or anything .
Beyond that , I 'd love to hook a geiger counter up to it and experience the world or radiation . Living near the old Nevada nuclear testing grounds provides a lot of opportunity for this . I would n't mind finding some yellow cake uranium while on a hike because that stuff is expensive . Hearing a gentle hiss around warm objects might be a novel way to experience the thermal realm . The implant is going to allow for a lot of new senses . Plugging new sensors into the jack will allow me to experience a lot of the world that is normally invisible . Well , it still might be invisible but now it will be audible . This new synesthesia of sorts is an exciting way to explore the world and develop new instincts about the way the world works around you .
I still have a lot of experimenting to do and a lot of things to troubleshoot . Several things impact sound quality and volume . First , the closer the coils move toward the implant , the louder the sound becomes . Pressing on my tragus and moving the implant closer to the eardrum likewise increases volume . A future implant will definitely be a coil very close to the existing implant . This should reduce my power consumption ( I think ) . I 'm also considering adding more magnets in other parts of the outer ear to see if that enhances the effects . It should . Bluetooth will be in a future version as well .
I have a hundred project ideas as well as plans for future implants . I can only do so many at once , but if people are welcome to design and ship me implants if they need a lab rat . I know a lot of hopeful lab rats actually .
# # #
Rich Lee is a Space Gangster , business person , Grinder , and black hat transhumanist ; they promote tech piracy , biohacking , and committing Grand Theft Future . Contact Rich at megalorich @ gmail .com
A new , state of the art ice hockey facility is on its way to Columbus .
Dr. Morten Haugland laid out a blueprint on Saturday for a multi-use complex just off of Sawmill Road at I-270 . Haugland , who has three hockey-playing kids , is also the ‎CEO and founder of the Haugland Learning Center , a school for children on the autism spectrum . The hockey facility will be adjacent to the Haugland Center .
`` My wife and I were driving from the school all over town for hockey , and we joked , maybe we should just build a rink , '' Haugland said .
That , they said , was two or three years ago . But that fleeting thought is now becoming a reality , and they expect to break ground on the Viking Hockey Academy next summer or early fall with a September 2019 target opening .
This will be no ordinary hockey rink . The concept is modeled after the Okanagan Hockey Academy in Edmonton , Alberta , and the UPMC Lemieux Sports Complex in Pittsburgh . The facility will be home to two-regulation size ice rinks , a 'studio size ' rink , an off-ice training center , a weight room , a restaurant/bar , a daycare program , and , perhaps most notably , educational classrooms .
The vision is that , like Okanagan and other hockey academies around the world , Viking Hockey Academy will be an academic institution that doubles as a hockey-training facility .
But make no mistake : after normal school hours , Haugland says that their facility will be open to local youth hockey programs as well as adult leagues , a program for inner-city youth , private lessons , sled hockey , and hockey for children and adults with physical or developmental disabilities .
`` The lack of ice availability is the number one inspiration for this ( project ) '' , Haugland said .
Hockey has grown exponentially in Columbus in recent years , and Haugland credits the Blue Jackets and the Ohio State Buckeyes hockey program for attracting kids to the sport . They said Columbus youth programs have had to turn away and wait-list kids , and that their rink ( s ) would be an obvious solution to that issue .
Haugland , who grew up as a speedskater in Norway , said their $ 12 million , 85,000-square foot facility is a best-case scenario for the Columbus hockey market .
`` I believe this location is ideal . It 's situated just off ( interstate ) 270 , and you can see it from the highway , '' they said . `` Everyone that has an interest in kids playing hockey knows that we need more ice . ''
They preached a collaborative approach with the other stakeholders in Columbus , most notably the Ohio Health Chillers , a collection of rinks in Dublin , Worthington , Easton , Lewis Center , and attached to Nationwide Arena .
`` I know for a fact that this will not negatively impact any of the currently-existing rinks , '' Haugland said .
`` Things are starting to move along , fast . People want to see this go forward . We are going to do this . ''
Follow 1st Ohio BatteryFacebook , Twitter , Instagram and YouTube
Republican Rep. Rick Berg has conceded the North Dakota Senate race to Democratic former state attorney general Heidi Heitkamp , completing Democrats ' virtual sweep of key Senate races .
Heitkamp 's win means the Democrats expanded their majority by two seats on Tuesday . There will be 53 Democrats , 45 Republicans and two Independents in the next Senate . Vermont Independent Bernie Sanders has long caucused with the Democrats . Newly elected Maine Independent Angus King has not yet announced with whom they will caucus but is widely assumed to be planning to caucus with Democrats , as well , raising the Democrats effective strength to 55 .
Heitkamp led Berg 50.5 percent to 49.5 percent percent , with all precincts reporting , according to The Associated Press .
Heitkamp will replace retiring Sen. Kent Conrad ( D ) , an unlikely victory in a deeply conservative state that backed Mitt Romney over President Obama by 20 points . But Heitkamp 's personal appeal and promise to work across party lines in a state that has a long tradition of ticket-splitting won the day .
Heitkamp will become the first woman senator from North Dakota when they take office next January . A record 20 women will populate the upper chamber in the 113th Congress .
North Dakota once looked like nearly a sure-thing pickup for the GOP . The state has grown increasingly Republican , and Obama has never been popular there . But Democrats ' recruitment of Heitkamp proved to be a winning move .
The Democrat crafted a moderate profile during the campaign , putting distance between themselves and Obama on the issue of energy , which is a top issue for many voters in the state . Republicans hit back with ads that sought to tie Heitkamp to Obama on the issue of health care . But in the end , the spots were not enough to take them down .
Playing the Wit Gevaar game
Max du Preez
Perhaps white South Africans still have some use 22 years into our democracy : as a bogeyman , a whipping boy for populist politicians to drum up support for the upcoming local election .
Vote for me , I 'll give the whiteys hell ! No , vote for me , I dislike them even more , and I 'll take all their stuff and give it to you !
Okay , that 's a bit flippant . Calm down , whites still have other uses too . Like a black comedian said the other day : they still have to teach black people how to bitch and moan with effect at the Woolworths checkout tills . And who else would buy the large number of two-tone short-sleeved shirts and braai tongs with built-in torchlights manufactured in South Africa ?
Seriously now . The blatant abuse of race as primary mobilisation tool to canvass votes is reckless and contrary to the spirit of our constitution .
It would , though , be strange if race did n't feature in South Africa 's political discourse in 2016 . The serious inequality in our society still largely follows racial lines and the memories and impact of white domination will linger on for a long while still . White racism still rears its ugly head all over the country on a daily basis .
But what we 're experiencing in the election campaigns of the EFF and the ANC at the moment amounts to naked Wit Gevaar games .
EFF leader Julius Malema 's statement in Soweto at the weekend that blacks should make more babies is a good example . Their argument is that white South Africans are still procreating , but they do n't want blacks to multiply because they are aiming at renewed white domination .
The reality is that the birthrate among whites is almost zero and , combined with the impact of emigration , they will be down to less than 5 percent of the population within a decade .
All the beautiful buildings in South Africa were built by blacks without them getting paid for it , Malema said , and now they should belong to blacks . “ We 're going to take the country with everything in it , whether they like it or not , ” they added . “ Zuma is n't our enemy . Zuma stands between us and our enemy , the white man . ”
President Jacob Zuma said last week that black South Africans should vote for “ black parties ” to frustrate the motives of white voters . Zuma also said that black South Africans are poor because they have no land ; most of it belongs to whites .
Earlier Zuma declared that whites had indeed stolen black people 's land .
The EFF has also used this theme that land ownership is the key to black wealth . Read : black people are poor because whites hog the land .
A lay person could have told them that the people of , say , Malawi or Mali , all have access to land , but they 're still among the poorest in the world . Agriculture is very small in , for example , Taiwan , on the other hand and contributes a mere 1.7 % to GDP – and yet most people are considered middle class . Singapore is another example : only 0.5 % of the land surface is available to agriculture and yet the average Singaporean is much , much wealthier than the average African .
The people on traditional communal land , more than 15 % of South Africa 's land surface , are n't exactly wealthy either , are they ? In fact , large swathes of it are underutilised because people prefer to move to the urban areas .
According to a Free State University agricultural economist , as much as 90 % of “ emerging farmers ” have to sell implements and cut down trees to sell as firewood because they ca n't make ends meet as commercial farmers . Not because they 're bad farmers , mind you , but because the government is n't financing and supporting them properly and agriculture is a very tough and marginal economic activity .
Or are the EFF and the ANC perhaps referring to land ownership in urban areas , a stand in a township or suburb perhaps ? That would make a lot more sense , but then the question should be asked why government has n't done more to transfer ownership of existing state-owned houses to black people , or why much more urban land is not made available for human settlement ? They can hardly blame whites for this .
I firmly believe government 's land reform programme has failed dismally and that we should have exceeded the targets set in 1994 a long time ago . The ANC likes to blame the so-called “ wiling buyer , willing seller ” principle that they say was foisted upon them , but this principle was already abandoned in 2007 ; it was never in an act of parliament or in the constitution .
The stark reality is that if the state had spent the amount they have spent on land reform the last two decades and bought farms advertised on the property pages of agricultural magazines , we would have been over the 30 percent target by now . Where did all the billions go ?
Here 's the bottom line : during 22 years in government , the ANC has failed to transform the economy to benefit the black majority ; to deliver on the undertaking to deliver dignity , education , housing and health made in the constitution . If its argument is that whites had prevented this , my question is : why did you allow them ? For 22 years you had a majority of more than 60 % in parliament ?
Back to the topic .
It is completely legitimate for political parties to highlight the gross inequality in the country and to demand a rapid reversal ; also to address the white community harshly about its attitudes and utterances . There is no reason why white South Africans should be handled with kid gloves , as some of them seem to demand . And racism should be tackled aggressively – and , I believe , criminalised .
But to make race the main theme of one 's cheap populism , is irresponsible , opportunist and dangerous .
The ANC is playing the Wit Gevaar card to counter the DA , to stop the EFF from declaring that the ANC is “ soft on whites ” and to divert attention from its failures . The EFF is using Wit Gevaar to capitalize on the anger of young black South Africans .
South Africa is going to be in election mode from now on right up to the crucial 2019 general election . If the populist race rhetoric continues along the present lines until then , South Africa is bound to become a much more polarised and intolerant place .
White South Africans have only one option : they should behave – and put pressure on each other to behave – in such a way that ordinary black South Africans would view the extreme race rhetoric for what it is : opportunistic populism .
- Follow Max on Twitter .
Disclaimer :
News24 encourages freedom of speech and the expression of diverse views . The views of columnists published on News24 are therefore their own and do not necessarily represent the views of News24 .
* Only comments that contribute to a constructive debate will be approved by moderators .
Read more on : local elections 2016
When Steve Levitan shouts “ wrap ” on Modern Family 's season eight finale on Friday , the cast will be without contracts to continue .
Despite the Emmy-winning comedy 's still-significant ratings , sources say its studio , 20th Century Fox Television , has yet to begin negotiating with the show 's six stars — Sofia Vergara , Julie Bowen , Ty Burrell , Eric Stonestreet , Jessie Tyler Ferguson and Ed O'Neill — for a not-yet-ordered though all-but-inevitable ninth season . The hold-up , two insiders tell The Hollywood Reporter : a fight between 20th TV and host network ABC over the cost of the long-running show .
This far into a series ' run , the network ( rather than the studio ) traditionally funds most production as part of its licensing agreement ; though just how much is currently in question . In the case of Modern Family , that price tag is hefty , thanks in large part to the already rich salaries being paid to the award-winning ensemble . In its eight season , which is now airing , the stars of Levitan ( who is directing the season finale ) and Christopher Lloyd 's hit half-hour are said to be making roughly $ 350,000 per episode as well as getting a cut of the series ' profits . They will no doubt demand considerably more to continue . Both the network and studio , which technically have until mid-May to make a decision about the show 's fate , declined to comment .
Those cast paychecks became public ahead of Modern Family 's fourth season , when all six actors banded together and sought sizable raises . That process was neither quick nor civil , with heated talks prompting a lawsuit ( the actors sued 20th TV to get out of their contracts , which they claimed violated California 's law against deals lasting more than seven years ) during the summer of 2012 . Ultimately , the cast reached a deal that included back-end profits ( a new perk for all but O'Neill ) and significantly more money with each passing season ; in exchange , the actors agreed to add an eighth season to their collective contracts . Later that same summer , the child stars inked raises of their own .
Modern Family 's significance to both its studio and network should n't be underestimated . In its eight season , the series may be down from its early years , but still it 's ABC 's top-rated show — and primetime 's No . 2 comedy — with an average 4.0 rating among the key 18-to-49 demo . That prolonged success has translated to ad revenue , too , with 30-second spots reportedly selling for more than $ 200,000 this season . For 20th TV , the series is not only a calling card to help lure other creators to the studio , but a billion-dollar property courtesy of rich syndication deals with outlets including the USA .
Earlier this month , reports in THR and elsewhere revealed that another long-running juggernaut ( and the only comedy outrating Modern Family ) , The Big Bang Theory , was nearing a deal to continue after intense conversations between CBS and studio Warner Bros. TV . Key castmembers — which Modern Family 's actors reportedly turned to as a model to negotiate their raises three and a half years ago — were poised to secure new contracts and the series a renewal . Multiple observers suggest they 'd be shocked if ABC and 20th TV ultimately do n't do the same . After all , it would be hard to believe that the network or the studio associated with the genre 's other runaway hit would be ready to walk away .
Dusting ‘ Em Off is a rotating , free-form feature that revisits a classic album , film , or moment in pop-culture history . This week , Wren Graves revisits the debut solo album from rock 's greatest poet of anxiety .
The music business as we know it has been dying for decades now , which places it in good company . Theatre , books , painting , and sculpture have all become permanent invalids , never quite recovering , but still , not dead yet . These different industries are suffering from the same condition : Call it a case of terminal technology . A stage play in New York can hardly have the same cultural relevance as a TV show watched by millions of people around the world ; most people seem to prefer reading the posts of their friends to published authors ; and while a painting of the ocean can be very nice , it was perhaps more special in the days before Google image search and cheap flights to Miami .
At the turn of the millennium , Napster and other Peer-to-Peer sharing services upended music by proving the obvious : namely , that people would rather not pay for things they can get for free . Some musicians took this news worse than others . Metallica , for example , waged a public war on Napster and in doing so damaged their credibility as don't-give-a-fuck rock gods . To many fans , especially younger fans , it seemed that they cared a great deal — especially about money .
In contrast , the members of Radiohead generally come across as , if not selfless , then at least self-aware . After Hail to the Thief concluded their five-record contract with EMI/Capitol , Thom Yorke spoke to TIME : “ I like the people at our record company , but the time is at hand when you have to ask why anyone needs one . And , yes , it probably would give us some perverse pleasure to say , ‘ Fuck you ' to this decaying business model. ” Radiohead 's raised middle finger turned out to be their 2007 masterpiece In Rainbows , which did blockbuster business by asking fans to “ Pay What You Want . ”
But it 's the in-between period that interests us today . After touring for Hail to the Thief and before writing In Rainbows , Radiohead hit the pause button for the first time in their careers . They took a hiatus .
Radiohead 's members were n't idle , of course . By my rough count , the hiatus produced one solo album , one film score , and five new children , to bring the total at the time to eleven . They were busy ! But they were busy in different ways . By getting to see the band members separately , fans were better able to understand how the individuals worked together .
Thom Yorke 's The Eraser doubles down on the collage-style songwriting of Kid A and Amnesiac . At the time of the album 's release , they spoke to The Globe and Mail : “ I did n't really come into it expecting to make songs . It started just with random bits and pieces . I guess I thought there would be vocals , but I was thinking in terms of using little vocal shreds , and of making them part of the tapestry , not the main thing . But as soon as we had gone through the initial sketches , it became obvious that they could be quite direct . Nigel ( Godrich , the producer ) basically dragged me kicking and screaming toward the concept of them being actual songs . ”
Photo by Autumn Andel
“ Direct ” is perhaps an overstatement ; the songs are heavy on imagery and light on narrative . But of all the songs , the most direct is probably “ Harrowdown Hill ” , which deals with the death of whistleblower David Kelly . During the Iraq war , Kelly had been on the ground looking for weapons of mass destruction . They found none , because as we now know , there were none . So in 2003 , when a British government dossier claimed to have found those weapons , Kelly anonymously told the BBC that the dossier had lied . Kelly 's identity was discovered , they were dragged through the press , summoned to Parliament , threatened with prison , and they killed themselves — or is that just what the government wants you to believe ? The song begins with a warning to other would-be whistleblowers : “ Do n't walk the plank like I did/ You will be dispensed with/ When you become inconvenient , ” and it explicitly references the conspiracy theories swirling around their death : “ Did I fall or was I pushed ? ” Yorke does n't take sides : definitely suicide , definitely murder . The uncertainty surrounding the official narrative is the whole point . Yes weapons , no weapons ? The truth has been destroyed .
Unless we 're counting Nigel Godrich as an unofficial sixth member , only one bandmate collaborates on The Eraser : Jonny Greenwood plays piano for the halting , haunting piano loop of the title track . The drumbeat would n't be out of place in a dance song , and Yorke continues to layer over top — cooing “ oohs ” and electronic blips and beeps . They pull back to just the piano and builds again . But their builds all have to do with layers , with more or less complexity . This is true of the whole album , which has none of the tempo changes we 've come to associate with Radiohead and none of the epic quiet-to-loud dynamics of Radiohead songs of the era , like “ Sit Down , Stand Up ” or “ Weird Fishes/Arpeggi ” .
Compare this to Jonny Greenwood 's big project from the period , their award-winning score to Paul Thomas Anderson 's film There Will Be Blood . The score is nothing but dynamics . The opening notes of the score slowly fade in , raising in pitch as well as volume , splintering into discord before building to a single piercing note . The famous oil fire scene begins with silence . At the 2:14 mark , a lone drum sketches out an anxious heartbeat , before launching into a furious frenzy .
The whole score is predicated on tension : between low notes and high , discord and harmony , silence and volume .
This is not to suggest that Jonny Greenwood contributed all the big swings within Radiohead songs or that Thom Yorke is solely responsible for the careful sonic layering . Of course the two projects sound different ; they were created in totally separate environments and with very distinct aims . But there are n't many opportunities to weigh the band members ' individual contributions . Each solo project gives us more insight into the group ; that 's actually the main appeal of Phil Selway 's solo records . They 're proof , in my mind at least , that they are a ) Definitely contributing interesting musical ideas to the band , but b ) Definitely not one of the main engines powering Radiohead . Thom Yorke and Jonny Greenwood are usually thought to be the primary songwriters , and that 's because , during the first hiatus , they each created something wonderful without much help from the others . So , no , the differences are n't proof of anything . But it 's interesting to note that the two most prominent members of a band famous , in part , for intricate layering and dramatic changes in tempo and volume each focused on one of those things when left to their own devices .
To my ear , The Eraser has three duds : “ Skip Divided ” , “ Atoms for Peace ” ( which was the name of the band Yorke formed to promote this album , along with Nigel Godrich , Flea of the Red Hot Chili Peppers , and others ) , and “ Cymbal Rush ” . The others are at least strong examples of Yorke 's abiding fascinations with technology , paranoia , environmentalism , and the destruction of the world — and at best , some of the greatest songs in Yorke 's illustrious discography .
Yorke 's fascination with the computer as an instrument has always been tempered by their distrust of what technology leads to . They deal with this explicitly on “ Analyse ” . The song was inspired by a blackout at their home , which Yorke saw as a kind of addition by subtraction . “ A self-fulfilling prophecy of endless possibility/ In rolling reams across a screen/ In algebra , in algebra … It gets you down . ”
To Yorke , the computer revolution will have consequences that ca n't be foreseen , and this extends to the songwriting , too . Again , to The Globe and Mail : “ Writing to sequences and samples is a lot harder . When you listen to them over and over again , you ca n't react spontaneously and differently every time . What happens is you listen once , and go away and come back later and do it again , which , practically speaking , takes too long . In the end , I had to go away and learn to play a lot of it myself , somehow , in order to finish the words . I had to teach myself how to play the songs I 'd half-written on sequencers , where I was n't really looking at what I was doing . It was quite a mad experience , learning it that way around . ”
Photo by Autumn Andel
But the most elegant expression of this philosophy , and indeed , the highlight of the album , is “ Black Swan ” . It 's a reference to the Black Swan Theory , a philosophical problem about the dangers of induction . It goes back to Ancient Rome and a famous quote by the writer Juvenal , who used the metaphor “ as rare as a black swan ” — that is to say , nonexistent . Later , of course , black swans were discovered . Generally speaking , history is full of high-profile , rare events that could not have been predicted .
The Eraser was written during a particularly tumultuous period of history — a period of Black Swans . When the Internet became widely used in the late '90s , could anyone have predicted how Napster and iTunes would disrupt the music industry ? Would anyone have thought the Cold War , Gulf War , and invention of the airplane would combine so violently on September 11th , 2001 ? Or that two ostensibly democratic countries would contrive to lie to their citizens to gin up support for a foreign war ? Yorke sings : “ This is your blind spot , blind spot/ It should be obvious , but it 's not . ”
And that , ultimately , is the great preoccupation of one of our greatest poets of anxiety : a simple fear of the unknown . “ People get crushed like biscuit crumbs , ” they sing , and there 's nothing to be done about it . For all our human reason , we are unable to anticipate the things we really need to know .
The new temporary sign for Rocky Top will go over the existing interstate exit sign for Lake City . From left : Christy Vowell , Brittney Phillips and business owner Donna Cornett . The new temporary sign for Rocky Top will ... Photo by Associated Press /Times Free Press .
NASHVILLE - A former mining town in East Tennessee changed its name to Rocky Top on Thursday on a gamble that the popularity of the bluegrass standard will bring prosperity .
Tim Sharp , mayor of the town of 1,800 people formerly known as Lake City , confirmed the vote , which came after a failed last-minute bid by publishers of the song to stop the change in federal court .
The song that declares , `` Rocky Top , you 'll always be home , sweet home , to me . Good ol ' Rocky Top . Rocky Top , Tennessee , '' has been recorded by dozens of performers over the years , including Dolly Parton , Glen Campbell , the Osborne Brothers and Lynn Anderson . It is one of the state songs of Tennessee and is played repeatedly at University of Tennessee football games .
A group of developers thinks the name has the cachet to attract tourists . In exchange for Lake City changing its name to Rocky Top , they have promised to build a Disney-style interactive , 3-D animated theater , a live music venue , an indoor-outdoor waterpark and a 500-seat paddleboat restaurant on an as yet-to-be-constructed artificial lake .
That may seem pie-in-the-sky , but the mere promise of money and jobs has been enough to persuade many residents to support the name change .
After the City Council approved the change during a special meeting , the audience of about 400 people stood and applauded , Sharp said .
`` We now have a spot on the map . ... Just like Santa Claus , Indiana . Is Santa Claus there ? No . But they stop to see what 's there , '' they said .
Several pastors in town have been praying for the success of the name change and commercial venture , with one telling Sharp , `` This is divine intervention , and I think God 's going to be behind it , '' Sharp said .
There were no public comments at the meeting , but at an informational meeting last year , the attitude was , `` Yes , this may be a dream , but we have to latch on to something . Currently there 's nothing , '' Anderson County Director of Tourism Stephanie Wells has said .
Many of the commercial buildings in the tiny downtown are vacant , but one thing the town does have is two exits off Interstate 75 . Developers said that easy access makes it perfect for their planned tourist complex .
House of Bryant Publications sued in federal court in March to stop the development , saying it will injure the reputation , goodwill and business value of the company 's Rocky Top trademarks . The case is still working its way through the courts , but the town got a victory when a federal judge allowed it to go forward with the name change .
This is the second time the town has changed its name in the hope of changing its fortunes . Before Rocky Top was Lake City , it was Coal Creek . It became Lake City in the 1930s to capitalize on its proximity to Lake Norris .
OTTAWA — It 's safe to say many Canadians were glad to see the back of 2015 .
There was a mini-recession , fuelled by a caving oil sector and pushed deeper by weak business investment , along with sagging exports and an equally worrying decline in imports — all leading to aggressive cuts in the country 's long-stagnant key lending rate .
That also kept downward pressure on the dollar , weakening the buying power of Canadians , while failing to spur demand outside the country for our products .
“ It was a forgettable year overall , ” admits Douglas Porter , chief economist at BMO Capital Markets .
But things might be looking up for the economy , if ever so slightly , with the year ending with a bit of a whoop , rather than a whimper .
On Tuesday , Statistics Canada delivered the full complement of the country 's 2015 economic data — for the final month , the final quarter and , finally , the whole year .
Gross domestic product rose by 1.2 per cent last year — matching the Bank of Canada 's forecasts — compared to a gain of 2.5 per cent in 2014 , while the economy edged up by an annualized 0.8 per cent between October and December , down from 2.4 per cent in the third quarter .
“ Maybe most impressive was the monthly gain in December , ” Porter said , which was “ quite solid and does give a slightly better tone as we head into 2016 . ”
For December alone , GDP grew 0.2 per cent — a mild gain , but it was likely a strong enough hand-off to this year 's first quarter , which the Bank of Canada has predicted should grow by one per cent .
The Canadian dollar climbed by about 0.7 cents to more than US74.60 cents following the better-than-expected GDP report .
“ Mauled by bears and left for dead just a few weeks ago , the Canadian dollar is now back with a vengeance , ” said NBF Economics and Strategy in a research note .
“ The loonie 's Revenant-like performance was helped by a softening greenback , but markets also started to question whether or not the Bank of Canada really needs to cut interest rates considering that upcoming fiscal stimulus will provide a boost to the economy . ”
Despite a slow recovery in the second half of last year , the Canadian economy still managed to claw back from the recession in the first two quarters of 2015 — when GDP contracted by 0.9 per cent and 0.4 per cent consecutively as the collapse of global oil prices began to squeeze output — hitting resources-dependent Alberta and Newfoundland and Labrador the hardest .
Most economists are forecasting GDP growth of 0.5 per cent in the first quarter of 2016 .
Mauled by bears and left for dead just a few weeks ago , the Canadian dollar is now back with a vengeance .
“ The worst is over , ” Shaun Osborne , chief foreign-exchange strategist in Toronto at Bank of Nova Scotia , told Bloomberg News .
“ If we get fiscal stimulus in the budget that is meaningful and adds to growth momentum fairly significantly and fairly quickly , that decreases the risk of Bank of Canada rate cuts this year , and probably means the next move in rates in Canada probably will be higher , though not until 2017 . ”
The central bank responded to the energy crisis by twice cutting its key interest rate by 25 basis points in 2015 — first in January and then again in July — taking the trendsetting lending level to 0.5 per cent . Governor Stephen Poloz and their policy council will announce its next rate decision March 9 .
However , the bank is unlikely to make a move on rates before the federal government 's 2016-17 budget is tabled on March 22 , a fiscal blueprint that will detail the Liberal 's proposed multi-billion-dollar economic plan that will include spending on infrastructure and tax breaks for middle-class Canadians .
More likely , Poloz will hold off making any adjustment to monetary policy until the April 16 rate decision , which will be accompanied by the bank 's forward-looking quarterly Monetary Policy Report — allowing policymakers to gauge the possible impact of Ottawa 's spending plans .
Meanwhile , in Tuesday 's GDP report , Statistics Canada said business investment fell 3.3 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2015 , while household expenditures rose 0.2 per cent between October and December — down from the 0.5-per-cent increase in the third quarter .
Canadian exports were down 0.6 per cent in the final three months of the year , a dramatic reverse from a gain of 2.6 per cent in the third quarter . Imports were also lower in the fourth quarter , falling 2.3 per cent after a 0.6-per-cent decline in the third quarter .
“ I think we 'll probably be close to one per cent again in the first quarter , ” said BMO 's Porter .
“ ( But ) let 's say oil prices make their way back over the next year and the U.S. economy stays on track and the Canadian dollar stays relatively low — and we get a helping hand from fiscal policy — I can see growth returning to over two per cent next year . ”
Financial Post
gisfeld @ nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/gisfeld
Twice as many British adults blame Israel for the failure to achieve a final settlement as they do the Palestinians , according to a new poll commissioned by Israel advocacy groups .
The survey was conducted by Populus on behalf of The Britain Israel Communications and Research Centre ( BICOM ) and the Jewish Leadership Council , with more than 2,000 interviewed online 10-12 October .
Asked to choose from a list of words and phrases the 3 that most closely describe their view of Israel , respondents opted for : ‘ Jewish ' ( 40 % ) , ‘ Under threat ' ( 32 % ) , ‘ Aggressive ' ( 32 % ) , ‘ Bullying ' ( 18 % ) , and ‘ Isolated ' ( 14 % ) .
The poll also suggested a generational gap when it comes to attitudes about core questions . Asked to pick from three possible statements , support for Israel as a Jewish state – even in the context of a negotiated two-state solution – was at only 27 % among 18-24 year olds , compared to 55 % amongst the 55-64 age bracket .
The fact that the poll was commissioned by two of the UK 's main Israel advocacy bodies , reflected in the questions , makes these results even more noteworthy .
A report on the data in The Jewish Chronicle declared ‘ Poll shows no mass hostility after Gaza ' , an indication of the anxiety felt by Israel 's lobbyists since the summer 's hostilities .
Indeed , the article notes that “ Israel supporters hope the figures will answer the concerns of those who believe attitudes have turned heavily against the country in the past year. ” The poll would thus appear to be an expensive PR exercise performed on behalf of advocacy groups worried at the frustration in their own constituencies at Israel 's deteriorating image .
Coincidentally , the newspaper also reported this week on remarks made by Tory MP Robert Halfon , who has complained that Israel 's supporters are being “ outclassed and outgunned ” , and ultimately , “ losing the battle . ”
One of the problems with the claim that the Republican Party is doomed to many years of failure is that it is having plenty of success now — at the state level . The G.O.P . controls 30 of the nation 's governorships , along with a majority of state legislatures .
Some of this is because many of those Republican governors were elected in 2010 , a strong year for the party . But that does not reflect the whole story . A Pew survey released on Monday suggests that Americans take a much more favorable view of their state governments than they do of the federal government . The poll also found that state governments controlled by Republicans were slightly more popular than those controlled by Democrats , although states with divided control of government got the highest ratings .
One might object that asking Americans about their state and federal governments does not quite make for a fair comparison . Many Americans disapprove of the federal government in the abstract or on the whole , but approve of the performance of their individual members of Congress and consistently re-elect them .
Nevertheless , it 's worth asking why Republicans have achieved success in state races at the same time that they 've had difficulty in federal ones .
Could it be that Republicans at the state level are running on more moderate platforms ? We 've periodically issued “ consensus ” liberal-conservative ratings for governors , senators and presidential candidates based on three measures ( one , the Congressional voting record for those who have served in Congress ; two , public issue statements ; and three , the identity of a candidate 's donors ) . The table below lists the ratings for the nation 's 30 Republican governors as calculated by this method ; higher ratings reflect more conservative positions .
Photo
On average , Republican governors have a score of 43 . That 's similar to the score of Senator Rob Portman of Ohio , who has a few stances where they break from their party but is otherwise quite conservative . On average , current Republican senators have a score of 47 , only slightly more conservative than the governors .
Photo
Even if a number of the Republican governors are quite conservative , perhaps they are doing a better job than the senators of catering to the whims of their states .
This is difficult to measure , because a one-dimensional scale of ideology like ours will miss some of the nuances that make the states unique . Nevertheless , there is a very low correlation between the conservative ratings for Republican governors and presidential voting patterns in their states . Governors like Paul LePage of Maine , Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Terry Branstad of Iowa , for instance , are quite conservative based on our scale , but President Obama won their states .
Photo
There is an important qualification to this , however . Although Republican governors as a whole are reasonably popular , there are a number of exceptions — and they are generally those cases where the governor is a poor match for a state 's ideological views .
In the next chart , I 've compared each G.O.P . governor 's conservatism score with their or their net approval rating , based on the method that Micah Cohen used in their recent FiveThirtyEight post on gubernatorial popularity . ( Note that five Republican governors have not had their approval ratings measured since the start of 2012 , and so are excluded from the analysis . )
Photo
In general , the more moderate Republican governors are more popular . Those who rate as more moderate than the average Republican governor have a median net approval rating of plus 30 and a mean of plus 21 . Those who rate as more conservative than average have a median approval rating of plus 2 and a mean of plus 7 .
But G.O.P . governors have more leeway to be conservative if their voters are as well . Mr. Obama 's share of the vote in a governor 's state in 2012 and the governor 's conservatism rating are both highly statistically significant predictors of popularity , as shown in the regression analysis below .
Photo
We can work backward from the results above to estimate how conservative a Republican governor could be while retaining a net-positive approval rating .
In a state where Mr. Obama won just 40 percent of the vote , for example , a Republican governor could have a conservatism rating as high as 63 without becoming unpopular on net . No current Republican governor has a conservatism rating that high . The governor might be even more popular in one of these states if they moderated their stances toward the center-right , but even a governor with far-right views could be reasonably popular in Kansas or Alabama .
By contrast , in a state like New Jersey , where Mr. Obama won 58 percent of the vote in 2012 , a Republican governor would be projected to have a negative approval rating if their conservative score were higher than 38 . In other words , if you took an average Republican governor ( with a conservative score of 43 ) and put them in a blue state like New Jersey , we would expect them to be unpopular , on net .
This is simply a statistical demonstration of what ought to be obvious : governors like Chris Christie do n't have the freedom to pursue every line item in the G.O.P . 's national agenda if they want to be re-elected . There may be some Republican governors , like Mr. Walker of Wisconsin , who have the political talent to get re-elected in blue states despite pushing those states to the right , and these governors are extremely valuable to the Republican Party . But they are the exceptions . More common are cases like Gov . Tom Corbett of Pennsylvania , who rates as an essentially generic Republican and is fairly unpopular in a blue-leaning state .
Still , the news for Republicans has been reasonably good at the state level , where their candidates have been freer from the partisan dysfunction in Washington .
If you seek artisan made goods , Central Texas is the place to be . Some attribute it to the magical waters flowing from springs into the river , some attribute it to the weather , others to the people . No matter the reason , one can not deny that Central Texas is home to a thriving entrepreneurial/artisan movement – a movement that now accepts bitcoin !
One such artisan is Bitcoin enthusiast and singer/songwriter , Sarah Stollak , owner of World on a String Jewelry . I met Sarah at one of my husband 's activist related court dates . They were sitting beside me crocheting jewelry with writing pens because their crochet needles were confiscated at the security checkpoint at the courthouse .
This radical woman is not afraid to be themselves or stand up for what they believe . As an activist with the Peaceful Streets Project , a grassroots police accountability group in Central Texas , Sarah has participated in reigning in police brutality in Austin , Texas , a problem so prevalent in the area that several officers have become notorious through internet memes portraying their aggression against the Austin populace .
The outward expression of their passion for everything beautiful has resulted in years of creative outpouring through music and art . When Sarah takes the stage , you can not help but be brought to your feet . Them fiddle dances along with her , creating an irresistible urge to get up and join in the fun . Sarah has become a farmer 's market icon , playing at venues peppered throughout Central Texas and across the country . These days they include a Bitcoin QR code for accepting crypto-tips while on stage .
I caught up with Sarah to talk about the genesis of their business and why they started accepting Bitcoin . I asked them to tell the story of their business from idea to fruition ; here is what they had to say :
“ My mom taught me how to knit in 1993 and I 've been creating ever since . When I moved to Austin in 2004 , I started an artisan booth at local markets , street fairs , and special events . Vending was supposed to be temporary while I found a real job , but almost a decade later here I am , still a full time creative entrepreneur . ”
It was actually our family who introduced Bitcoin into the World on a String economy . We commissioned thirteen necklaces and bracelets from Sarah for our wedding party in late 2013 . When bitcoin hit $ 125 I was thrilled to pay her , thinking it was hitting a huge high and allowing our family to get a great bang for our bit . Lo and behold , just weeks after making payment , Sarah watched their Bitcoin hit an all-time high of over $ 1,000 per bitcoin .
Sarah used the profit from that first bitcoin transaction to reinvest in the Bitcoin ecosystem , “ I reinvested in my local community by taking out a radio ad on The Liberty Beat on 90.1 FM , and by hiring some of my favorite local musicians for a Bitcoin Shopping and Social Event . ”
Real world businesses mean real world problems . Using and accepting bitcoin has not been a flawless transition for Sarah .
“ There are still obstacles transacting in Bitcoin , but that 's part of what makes it fun , to be in the midst of something changing and growing so quickly. ” One example of a bitcoin roadblock was sending payment to the Unconventional Oven , they were their first bitcoin user , but they “ used the wrong email address to pay and after a month the funds were sent back . ”
Sarah said it was the people at the Austin Bitcoin Meetup who helped them to understand and successfully figure out how to use a QR code instead of using email addresses . “ In addition to technology , patience and a friendly community are always important , ” said Sarah . Despite the obstacles , Sarah would still recommend accepting bitcoin to their fellow artisans if for no other reason than to “ make it easy for people to give you money ” .
You can support this Bitcoin Artisan by visiting www.worldonastring.us .
Read the full transcript of my interview with Sarah here : http : //www.thebitmom.com/transcript-interview-with-sarah-stollak-of-world-on-a-string/
Cannabis plant
Can medical marijuana be another side to rescue public health emergency ?
Kenneth E. Oshaughnessy Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 17 , 2017
In October , this year , when President Donald Trump declared Opioid epidemic as “ Public health emergency “ , every American citizen was waiting for some alternative .
But as it seems everything is just a “ Word ” here , Trump too just described it as an emergency and let it go . I wonder why there is no use of “ Medical Marijuana ” which has helped in states to decline the use of opioid drugs . During a meeting yesterday with the attorney general , Jeff Sessions , everyone hopes there may be some new development . But , when they were informed about the decline of Usage of Opioid in the areas where marijuana is being used , they replied , “ Good people do n't use Marijuana ” .
This egoistic attitude of the Trump administration just showed that government is not serious to use of Marijuana at any cost . Though Jeff Sessions , hailed Obama administration policy , still they do n't have any plan to eradicate federal law and make it legalized .
An article published by , onlinemedicalcard.com , where it argued how Trump administration is failing to counter the Opioid overdosing . The article further argued that “ Even more confusing is President Trump 's unclear view of the marijuana laws , the one substance that could serve as a potent alternative to opioids and lifesaver to tens of thousands of Americans annually .
Millions of Americans have already turned to medical marijuana . So it is high time for the Trump administration to show the world that they care about public health instead of pity politics .
A new study from the University of Rochester suggests that human intelligence might have evolved in response to the demands of caring for infants .
Steven Piantadosi and Celeste Kidd , assistant professors in brain and cognitive sciences , developed a novel evolutionary model in which the development of high levels of intelligence may be driven by the demands of raising offspring . Their study is available online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ' Early Edition .
`` Human infants are born far more immature than the infants of other species . For example , giraffe calves are able to stand up , walk around , and even flee from predators within hours of their births . By comparison , human infants can not even support their own heads , '' said Kidd .
`` Our theory is that there is a kind of self-reinforcing cycle where big brains lead to very premature offspring and premature offspring lead to parents having to have big brains . What our formal modeling work shows is that those dynamics can result in runaway pressure for extremely intelligent parents and extremely premature offspring , '' said Piantadosi .
In other words , because humans have relatively big brains , their infants must be born early in development while their heads are still small enough to insure a safe delivery . Early birth , though , means that human infants are helpless for much longer than other primates , and such vulnerable infants require intelligent parents . As a result , selective pressures for large brains and early birth can become self-reinforcing -- potentially creating species like humans with qualitatively different cognitive abilities than other animals .
Piantadosi and Kidd tested a novel prediction of the model that the immaturity of newborns should be strongly related to general intelligence . `` What we found is that weaning time -- which acts as a measure of the prematurity of the infants -- was a much better predictor of primate 's intelligence than any of other measures we looked at , including brain size , which is commonly correlated with intelligence , '' said Piantadosi .
The theory may also be able to explain the origin of the cognitive abilities that make humans special . `` Humans have a unique kind of intelligence . We are good at social reasoning and something called 'theory of mind ' -- the ability to anticipate the needs of others , and to recognize that those needs may not be the same as our own , '' said Kidd , who is also the director of the Rochester Baby Lab at the University of Rochester . `` This is an especially helpful when taking care of an infant who is not able talk for a couple of years . ''
`` There are alternative theories of why humans are so intelligent . A lot of these are based on factors like living in a harsh environment or hunting in groups , '' said Piantadosi . `` One of the motivating puzzles of our research was thinking about those theories and trying to see why they predict specifically that primates or mammals should become so intelligent , instead of other species that faced similar pressures . ''
The key is live birth . According to the researchers , the runaway selection of intelligence requires both live birth of a single off spring and large brains , distinctive features of higher mammals .
`` Our theory explains specifically why primates developed superintelligence but dinosaurs -- who faced many of the same environmental pressures and had more time to do so -- did not . Dinosaurs matured in eggs , so there was no linking between intelligence and infant immaturity at birth , '' said Kidd .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will make a campaign stop in Birmingham this weekend .
Alabama Secretary of State John Merrill confirmed that Trump will hold a rally at the Birmingham-Jefferson Convention Complex Saturday . The rally will begin at 11 a.m. , but doors will open at 9 a.m .
It is Trump 's second visit to Alabama . In August , they held a rally in Mobile , which Merrill said remains the largest attended political rally for any presidential candidate of either party . Crowd estimates ranged between 25,000 to 30,000 in attendance .
`` We are excited to have Donald Trump bring their campaign to Birmingham ! I am confident that Mr. Trump 's appearance will be welcomed with enthusiasm , just as it was in Mobile , '' Merrill said in a prepared statement this morning . `` We are very pleased with the way the SEC Primary has developed and what it means for our people to have personal interaction with these candidates . ''
`` With the assistance and full support of the Alabama Legislature , one of the most significant things we have done in the Secretary of State 's Office is change the primary date to March 1 . Since the March primary legislation passed , the top two Democratic candidates and eight of the top Republican candidates have made campaign stops in Alabama , which is unheard of for our state , '' they said . `` As Secretary of State , I will continue to position Alabama and the South as a place where presidential candidates are willing to make an effort to visit and meet our remarkable people . ''
Saturday 's rally is free . Tickets are available at https : //www.eventbrite.com/e/donald-j-trump-in-birmingham-al-tickets-19580885957 .
Alabama has seen visits from former Florida Governor Jeb Bush , Dr. Ben Carson , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Senator Ted Cruz , former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee , Ohio Governor John Kasich , Senator Rand Paul , Senator Bernie Sanders , Donald Trump and Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker . Senator Marco Rubio is scheduled to appear in Guntersville and Birmingham on December 1 .
For more information on meeting the candidates , please contact the Office of the Secretary of State at 334-242-7200 .
The ideological nature of the health care case was obvious on the last day of oral argument . By the time the proceedings were over , much of what the conservative justices said in court seemed like part of a politically driven exercise — especially because the issues addressed on Wednesday were not largely constitutional in nature . In fact , they were the kinds of policy questions that are properly left to Congress and state governments to answer , not the Supreme Court .
On Wednesday morning , the court heard arguments on the issue of “ severability ” — the question of what should happen with the rest of the 2,700-page statute if the requirement that most Americans obtain health insurance is struck down . The insurance mandate was effectively reduced to a bumper sticker by the opponents in their constitutional challenge , and the entire law reduced to little more than an appendage to the mandate .
“ My approach would be to say that if you take the heart out of the statute , the statute 's gone , ” Justice Antonin Scalia said , a position held by the law 's opponents , who want to demolish the whole thing . But H. Bartow Farr III , the lawyer appointed by the court to argue for upholding all other parts of the law if the mandate falls , showed how careless and wrong that view is . Their presentation compellingly explained what Congress actually passed : a thoughtfully constructed , comprehensive solution to the enormous problems of insufficient insurance coverage and ever-mounting costs of health care .
As Mr. Farr made clear , the fate of the mandate should not determine the survival of the other elements of the law — like prohibiting insurers from denying coverage to people with pre-existing conditions or charging them higher fees — which can operate without the mandate .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Under general principles , courts must avoid nullifying more of a law than is necessary . Justice Anthony Kennedy suggested that it would be more extreme to preserve part of the statute than to strike down the whole thing because that would alter Congress 's intent . They could avoid this problem by upholding the mandate .
The last issue before the court was the law 's expansion of Medicaid , which will be financed mostly by federal funds . The challengers contend the expansion coerces them to cover more poor people and that the penalty for refusing to do so would be a cutoff of federal money .
It 's football season in the Midwest and , like any dad , Jay Pryor often gets the question , “ Did you play football in high school ? ”
And Jay 's answer is always the same : “ No , I was a girl in high school . ”
Jay was born Janet in rural Scammon , Kansas , on June 1 , 1966 .
That he 's now a sought-after speaker , a coach to executive women and a happily married father of two 5-year-olds could explain why their “ It Gets Better ” story , performed by the Gay Men 's Chorus of Los Angeles , recently brought tears to Caitlyn Jenner 's eyes .
As an LGBT activist , Jay Pryor , 49 , has spent the last 30 years proving that beautiful , life-changing things happen when you stand in the truth of who you really are .
And they understand exactly what Jenner , 65 , is going through .
“ That she 's doing it in front of God and everybody is extremely generous , ” Pryor tells PEOPLE . “ Any trans person can tell you that during the first year when your whole body is changing , you 're a big , hot mess . Caitlyn is exceedingly brave to do it in front of the whole world . ”
A Difficult Childhood
Pryor 's journey started in small town Kansas , far from the Hollywood glare .
“ My upbringing was like Opie Taylor in Mayberry . My dad was the mayor . They owned the grocery store . If someone called at dinner , needing a loaf of bread , I 'd hop on my bike and ride it over , ” says Pryor , the youngest of 9 kids , all of whom sang together in the church choir .
Pryor as a teenager . Courtesy ay Pryor
But while it looked idyllic on the outside , Pryor was miserable on the inside .
“ I knew something was n't right , ” they say . “ By sixth grade , when all my friends started wearing training bras , it became even more apparent . I was mortified having to wear one . I refused to take off my jacket . Even in the summer . Even when I was sweating profusely . ”
Pryor had never heard the word “ gay , ” but when they were 13 , a girl visiting from Oklahoma , kissed him . It turned their whole life upside down .
“ I knew I could n't tell a soul , ” they say .
Instead , they hung out with their dog , Bandit , and started drinking , skipping school and sleeping with any guy who would have him .
“ I was doing everything I could to convince everybody else – and especially myself – that I was normal . I did n't mind being called a slut . Just do n't call me gay , ” they say .
By Pryor 's junior year , they mustered the nerve to tell their best friend , who proceeded to shun them completely . Even though they tried to recant and told their friend they were just kidding , the friend refused to take their calls , refused to even acknowledge them in the hallways at school .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
Pryor as a child . Courtesy ay Pryor
Pryor , convinced there was no hope , drove their parents car into a tree at 100 miles per hour .
That was the first of several suicide attempts .
When they were 18 and about to join the military , they stole a rifle from their dad 's gun cabinet and decided to run away .
“ I decided I would either kill myself or someone else , ” Pryor says . “ I pawned all my cassette tapes . I bought a big giant bowie knife and I wrote a long dramatic goodbye note to a friend . ”
The Path to Self-Discovery
Pryor left Scammon , allegedly to deliver a painting to their sister in the college town of Lawrence , Kansas . The friend who received the note called Pryors ' parents , and by the time they got to the Conception Abbey to say goodbye to their brother , who was enrolled in seminary there , an alert had been sent . Pryor needed help . But they still had n't come out to their close-knit Catholic family .
Finally , three weeks into a six-week stay in the psychiatric wing of a Kansas City hospital , Pryor admitted to an art therapist that they were gay .
“ One of the other patients had a butch girlfriend and the minute I saw her , I knew – I could carve out a life that way , ” they say .
From that point on , Pryor has gone by the name Jay and has dressed like a man .
But it was n't until 1995 , when they read the book , Stone Butch Blues , a novel written by transgender activist Leslie Feinberg , that they found a working description for who they knew they are .
“ This was 20 years ago – before transgender was a household word . I knew at a very young age that something was wrong , but it wasn t until reading that book that I found languaging for what I was going through , ” Pryor says .
After getting a degree in speech communication at the University of Kansas , Pryor devoted their life to gay rights . They served on panels , spoke about equality and even challenged Fred Phelps , the infamous gay protestor , to public debates .
“ I was very clear my mission was to change paradigms , to let the world know that we 're all the same . We all have the same feelings , the same longings , the same desire to be loved , ” Pryor says . “ I was committed 100 percent to living in personal integrity . ”
Which is why , on April 1 , 2001 , when they were 34 , Pryor began taking testosterone and started the journey to become the person they knew they really are .
“ I was done compromising . I had to be true to myself , ” says Pryor , who was living in Washington , D.C. , at the time . “ My main concern was my family back home . I committed to going home every couple months , so my family could see me going through the changes . I did n't want to shock them . ”
“ But I also did n't want to live a double life anymore . One of my biggest regrets is my father died before I was able to tell him , ” Pryor says .
“ What I 've learned is that if you do n't come at people as if you 're a freak , no one else will either , ” Pryor adds .
Finding Love
Pryor met their wife Jessica when they were still Janet . They lived in a big house in D.C. with several friends .
“ We were both new to D.C. , so we became best friends exploring the city together , ” Jessica tells PEOPLE .
Eventually , it became apparent they were in love .
“ We had the most amazing conversations , ” Jessica says . “ I started to notice how they responded to questions , how they reflected on things . I began to look at them differently . ”
They bought a condo together and , on their 25th birthday , Jay got down on their knees and proposed .
They were married ( although not legally since Jay 's birth certificate said they were a female ) on October 11 , 2003 . In 2013 , on their 10-year-anniversary they flew to New York , which had recently approved gay marriage , and made it legal .
By that time , they 'd moved to Kansas to be near Jay 's mom while they were dying . It was during that time that the couple began a five-year heart-wrenching odyssey to become parents .
Today , Jay and Jessica are the proud parents of Rose and Emmett , both 5 , whom they adopted separately after taking them in as foster children at age 2 and 13 months , respectively .
From left : Emmett , Jessica , Rose and Jay Pryor Courtesy ay Pryor
To a stranger , the Pryor family looks as normal as any other . Anybody watching them drop off the kids at school would think , “ what a sweet little family. ” And indeed , Jay and Jessica deal with all the same parenting issues , the same discipline challenges , the same bedtime battles as any other parent .
A lot of trans couples are more than happy to leave it at that .
“ Lots of trans couples have no desire to let people know their backstory , ” Jessica says . “ But that 's not Jay . They have a huge commitment to being out and educating people . They have such a kindness and generosity about him . He 's an activist . They always have been . And that 's part of what I admire and respect about him . They have a great commitment to young people . And knowing how much they struggled when they were young , I get it . I understand why they ca n't sit quiet and let well enough alone . ”
A Life of Purpose
Pryor regularly gives workshops ( Wal-Mart is among their clients ) on transgender issues , serves on boards and gets emails from school counselors and desperate parents worried about their confused and troubled children . They always take time to talk to them .
“ Because I look like a regular guy , I 'm very approachable , ” Pryor says . “ Most people think of RuPaul when they think of transgender . When I mention I used to be girl , people look at me with blank stares . They just just do n't get it . They 'll say , ‘ You mean , you WANT to be a girl . And I 'll say , “ Been there , done that , got the t-shirt .
“ I guess because I am so “ normal , ” people feel comfortable asking questions . Young people , just coming to terms with their sexuality and gender , are often sensitive and uncomfortable . It 's better to talk to someone like me who does n't get offended . My job , as I see it , is to love trans-phobia right out of people . ”
Jay Pryor leading a seminar . Courtesy ay Pryor
As a coach to executive women , Pryor is also committed to empowering straight women to lift each other up , to form alliances , something they learned in the lesbian community when they were in their 20 's and 30 's , before they became a parent .
“ Women are trained to trash each other , to climb on the backs of each other , ” Pryor says . “ I coach women to hold space for each other .
Pryor became a coach in 2005 .
“ Women love it that I used to be a woman – that I know what it 's like to walk through the world as a woman and as a man . Many of the women I coach are high up executives . They 're often the only woman in the boardroom . They appreciate that I know how difficult it can sometimes be to speak up , to be the odd one out .
“ Thanks to my journey , I 've learned how to talk to anybody about pretty much anything . I 'm fully committed to making a shift in the LGBT conversation and in the conversation of women in general . In the end , it 's all about getting real with each other , ” Pryor says .
This is an old article that has been UPDATED ! ( 20th , August )
Google has officially annouced the Android 6.0 Marshmallow , currently developer Preview 3 is available for download and the final version will be officially released by the End of Q3,2015 . Samsung will start preparing its Marshmallow updates after releasing the Lollipop 5.1.1 updates which are currently Rolling-out for various of its devices with many improvements ( Guest Mode , Improved UI , Bug fixes ... etc ) .
By early next year , Samsung will start releasing its first Android 6.0 Marshmallow firmware with TouchWiz UI . The Korean giant is always looking to bring the best User Experience to all its users . We have the list of the confirmed devices that are planned to get official Samsung Android 6.0 Marshmallow updates .
Samsung devices confirmed to get Official Android Marshmallow updates :
- Samsung Galaxy Note 5
- Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+
- Samsung Galaxy S6
- Samsung Galaxy S6 Duos
- Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
- Samsung Galaxy Note 4
- Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Duos
- Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
- Samsung Galaxy ALPHA
- Samsung Galaxy Tab A
List above has been updated on August,17th with two new devices confirmed to get the Andorid Marshmallow update .
You can check the Full official Change-log to see What 's New in Android 6.0 Marshmallow HERE .
This is not the final list , other devices will be added to the list , Stay tuned and do n't forget to follow Our Samsung Official Updates Page for More Info .
And , yes , it was inevitable , and right to a more limited degree , that their family would come under the spotlight , too . As Bill Keller , The Times 's executive editor , said , “ Senator McCain presented Mrs. Palin 's experience as a mother as one of their qualifications for the job . ”
It was also predictable that party professionals would object vigorously to stories that might undermine the image they were trying to project of Palin as an accomplished governor successfully juggling their “ hockey mom ” family duties while fighting corruption in Alaska .
But the Times article that drew the strongest complaints from the McCain camp was the one that questioned not their record but their judgment . Published on Tuesday 's front page , the morning after Palin announced their daughter 's pregnancy , the article said that revelation and a series of lesser disclosures called into question how thoroughly McCain had examined Palin 's background .
Photo
The article , researched by five reporters and written by Elisabeth Bumiller , quoted anonymous sources as saying that McCain had been holding out hope of choosing Senator Joseph Lieberman instead , and that a campaign team assigned to vet Palin more thoroughly had not arrived in Alaska until the day McCain asked them to be their running mate . A number of Alaska political figures said on the record that they had not found anyone who had been asked anything about Palin by the McCain campaign .
The Times article seemed dramatically at odds with one in The Washington Post two days earlier . The Post article quoted McCain advisers as saying that Palin had been thoroughly vetted , including an F.B.I . background check , and that , “ Far from being a last-minute tactical move or second choice when better-known alternatives were eliminated , Palin was very much in McCain 's thinking from the beginning of the selection process . ”
So was The Times story wrong , as the McCain camp said ? It did contain one error . It said that one potentially embarrassing revelation about Palin was their membership for two years in the Alaskan Independence Party , which favors a vote on whether the state should secede . The assertion was based on an announcement by the party 's chairperson , Lynette Clark , which The Times failed to tell readers . That was a mistake . “ We should have attributed it , ” Bumiller said . The next day , Clark said they had been wrong . It turns out that Palin 's husband , Todd , had belonged to the party for a time , and they had addressed its annual convention . The Times corrected the error in two follow-up stories .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
But the main thrust of its reporting on the vetting process appears to be holding up . The Post said the next day that a lengthy in-person background interview of Palin by the head of McCain 's vetting team did not happen until the day before they were chosen . It also acknowledged that it had been incorrect when it reported that the F.B.I . had checked out Palin . In their home state , the Anchorage Daily News reported that it had found only one person who was asked anything about the governor before McCain selected them That was the attorney representing them in an investigation of whether they had abused their power in office .
“ We stand by our reporting , ” said Richard Stevenson , the editor in charge of Times election coverage .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Many readers , like John Southerland of Ocala , Fla. , compared The Times 's handling of John Edwards 's extramarital affair and Bristol Palin 's pregnancy and accused the newspaper of a double standard . The newspaper did not seriously pursue the story about Edwards , a populist Democrat , for months , but it put three stories involving Bristol Palin on the first page of its Web site and two on the front page of the printed paper .
I took The Times to task for not trying to report the Edwards story until they acknowledged their affair , but once Edwards came forward , The Times put it on the front page and continued digging . In Palin 's case , the first hint of the daughter 's pregnancy was the family 's announcement of it , and once that happened , it was front-page news everywhere , including the conservative Washington Times . Palin was the anointed Republican vice presidential candidate , and their family was very much part of the biography they were presenting to voters . Two of the New York Times articles were not directly about Bristol Palin : they were about how well McCain researched their choice and about women 's discussions on how Sarah Palin could balance the demands of the vice presidency with the demands of having a pregnant teenager , a baby with Down syndrome and two other children at home .
By choosing a running mate unknown to most of the nation , and doing so just before the Republican National Convention , John McCain made it inevitable that there would be a frantic media vetting . It turns out that Palin was for the Bridge to Nowhere before they were against it , that they sent e-mail complaining about a lack of disciplinary action against a state trooper who was going through a messy custody battle with their sister , and that they never made a decision as commander in chief of the Alaska National Guard , one of their qualifications cited by McCain .
The drip-drip-drip of these stories seems like partisanship to Palin 's partisans . But they fill out the picture of who they are , and they represent a free press doing its job , investigating a candidate who might one day be the leader of the Free World .
A good photographer is , of course , the most important element . However , they or they are not a miracle worker . here are some tips on what * you * can do to make your photo shoot the best ever !
I 've been the Lovings.com Adult Guide photographer for 12+ years , and had photographed hundreds of escorts , masseuses , exotic dancers and other adult entertainers of all ages , ethnicity , genders and walks of life . I hope my experience helps you have a shoot you 'll be proud of forever , and I appologize in advance if I 'm stating the obvious – I learned the hard way that the obvious is not always so : - ) .
Your stuff
Please at the very least bring matching underwear – and no sprung-elastic granny panties either . Please ! You 'd be surprised by the number of people who show up for a $ 200 shoot with a ripped blue bra and white panties going up to their necks , and nothing else…
Seriously , come in wearing sexy stuff , and bring more . An hour shoot can fit about 3 changes , but not everything will “ work ” . Extra outfits mean you wo n't have to settle for less than a perfect look . Lingerie is always nice , but you do n't have to limit yourself to it . Think of what fits your style – anything from a translucent scarf to the ripped jeans , or a full evening gown with a fur coat . Do n't be afraid to discuss ideas with your photographer , and tell him/her what your unique image is .
At one of my favorite shoots , a lady brought in three garbage bags full of fake autumn leaves , and they were photographed nude , rolling in the leaves . Beautiful photos !
Remember accessories – jewelry , belts , shoes , scarves . Shoes are the second most forgotten item , right after the hairbrush .
Personal props are always great – your favorite velvet bedspread or a teddy bear , whips , that electrostim device your customers love ( and fear ) so much . Believe me , I do n't have one in my studio ( and I gave away the one I had at home , sorry ) .
Yes , I do have clothing , lingerie , jewelry , shoes and such in my studio , but there are still good reasons for you to bring your own-
Uniqueness . If you use my studio props , you 'll wear the same things a dozen others have worn . The idea is to make you stand out , not fade in .
I do n't keep many panties around . Would you really want to wear the same pair that 's been cozy with dozens of other unnamed coochies before , no matter how well it 's washed ? Ugh !
If you have feet that are larger or smaller than average , the odds are I wo n't have a pair of shoes for you – I do have a number of pairs in different sizes , but ca n't hoard a whole shoe store .
Your body
Before your shoot , try to take some time to pamper yourself . Have your hair and nails done – most people remember that . The other important and often neglected part of you is your skin . NO Spray-On Tan ! ! By the time you get to the shoot , it 'll rub off your clothes into ugly splotches that 'll make your skin look dry and 20 years older ; and it often photographs a fake orange color . Drink a lot of water , use plenty of lotion a couple of days before and on the day of the shoot . If you tan , do n't do it the same day nor the day before – it 'll dry out your skin really badly . Supple , soft skin with a healthy sheen subtly highlighting your curves will do wonders for the beauty of your shots .
Lipstick that 's too light will make your lips disappear , unless you use a lip liner too .
If you 're nervous , tense or tired , say so . There are many things we can do to make you more relaxed , and any good photographer can adjust to your particular health requirements and still get great shots .
Happy model equals great photos
Take the day of your shoot off if you can . Pamper yourself , go to a spa , get A LOT of sleep . If you 're in a good place , it 'll show and shine ! Camera knows if you 're stressed out , tired , content or in love . It 's not something that can be easily “ fixed ” by the photographer . Not the time to have a screaming phone fight with your boyfriend , especially during the shoot ( yes , it happened ) .
If something is making you uncomfortable or unhappy during the shoot , talk freely about it with your photographer . Their or their job is to make your shoot great , and that includes a positive state of your mind . It 's possible that he/she 's not aware that the certain poses , behavior or clothing make you uncomfortable – everyone has a different comfort level . It 's also possible that you 're simply not a good match . Do n't feel bad if you do n't “ hit it off ” with a photographer , even a famous one . It happens . Every photographer has a “ look ” , a style they or they shoot in . Move on and find the one that fits your style .
* Advanced tips –
Faking seductively half closed eyes and half open mouth looks great in person . In photos , this too often says “ stoned or drunk ” instead . Do n't relax your face too much , and raise your eyebrows a bit to look alert . A
good rule of thumb – for this look , your face should say that you 're remembering the moments before your last great orgasm . Just visualize this and you 'll be ok : - ) .
Always be straight but not stiff . Do some stretches , detect the muscles that are bunched up and try to relax them . Slouching is not sexy with no clothes on – it 'll make your breasts look less perky , and your middle thicker . It 's simple – stick out the parts of your body you want to look bigger , stretch or tighten the ones you want smaller .
Barack Obama engaged in a lot of shady business as president of the United States .
And there are some in Congress who are determined to not let them get away with it , even if that means the unprecedented spectacle of a former president on trial .
In particularly egregious , according to former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , was Obama 's knowledge of Russian interference in the election as early as August 2016 and their decision to do nothing about it at the time .
Apparently , Obama did n't want to “ rock the boat ” for Hillary Clinton , and instead waited till after the election and pinned the blame on President Trump .
For that , Gingrich is calling on Congress to bring in Obama to testify under oath .
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
“ There 's no question that Congress should call the former president in to testify under oath to explain what they were doing and why they were doing it . There 's no question that they should build the case from the ground up . Who was doing the investigating ? Who was reporting to the president ? Who did it go through ? What were the meetings like when they decided not to pursue it ? I mean , talk about an extraordinary failure of national security . ”
Source : Breitbart
Art Cullen owns the 3,000-circulation Storm Lake Times with their brother John . Their wife and son also work at the paper
A small-town Iowa newspaper with a staff of 10 people - most of whom are related to each other – has won a Pulitzer Prize for taking on powerful agricultural companies over farm pollution .
Art Cullen , who owns the Storm Lake Times with their brother John , acknowledged it was n't easy taking on agriculture in a state like Iowa where you see hundreds of miles of farm fields in every direction . The Cullens lost a few friends and a few advertisers , but never doubted they were doing the right thing .
“ We 're here to challenge people 's assumptions and I think that 's what every good newspaper should do , ” they said .
Among the other staff members at the Storm Lake Times is John Cullen 's wife Mary , Art 's wife Dolores and their son , Tom . The family 's dog , Mabel also hangs out at the newspaper offices most of the time , Poynter reports .
Kevin Pang ( @ pang ) Here 's the masthead of the Storm Lake Times , a 3,300-circ paper that just won the Pulitzer in Editorial Writing https : //t.co/DRSoQHuICx pic.twitter.com/UNkdQMYoJ5
Cullen 's writing was lauded by the Pulitzer committee for “ editorials fuelled by tenacious reporting , impressive expertise and engaging writing that successfully challenged powerful corporate agricultural interests in Iowa ” .
As well as hard-hitting news and editorials , the paper also includes local stories . On Monday , a front-page story told of how a second-grader found a four-leaf clover in the field behind their school .
Cullen told the Washington Post that they know what readers like . “ We strive to have a baby , a dog , a fire and a crash on every front page , so , yes , we do pander , ” they said .
'We 've always believed that [ we ] should be as good at covering Storm Lake as the New York Times is at covering New York
But it was the paper 's dogged coverage of farming issues affecting the state that won them the coveted journalism prize .
Buena Vista county , where the 3,000-circulation , twice-weekly newspaper is based in north-west Iowa , was one of three counties sued by Des Moines Water Works for allowing too much nitrogen to be released through farm drainage systems into rivers from which the utility draws its drinking water . The counties fought the federal lawsuit using money provided by undisclosed sources .
The newspaper worked with the Iowa Freedom of Information Council to force the release of documents showing funding came from the Farm Bureau and other agricultural groups .
“ Anyone with eyes and a nose knows in their gut that Iowa has the dirtiest surface water in America , ” Cullen wrote in a March 2016 editorial .
“ It is choking the waterworks and the Gulf of Mexico . It is causing oxygen deprivation in Northwest Iowa glacial lakes . It has caused us to spend millions upon millions trying to clean up Storm Lake , the victim of more than a century of explosive soil erosion . ”
Cullen , 59 , says they feel vindicated that the information was released .
A judge , however , dismissed the water utility 's lawsuit last month , giving the farm groups and counties a clear victory .
Cullen is proud that the Pulitzer committee recognised their small newspaper 's efforts alongside those of larger papers . The two other finalists in the editorial writing category were from the Houston Chronicle and The Washington Post .
“ We 've always believed that the Storm Lakes Times should be as good at covering Storm Lake as the New York Times is at covering New York , ” they said . “ There 's no reason why an editorial written in Iowa should n't be as good as an editorial written in Washington . ”
Associated Press contributed to this report
Sprint has decided to get deeper into the social and mobile space , announcing today that it has acquired Handmark and its subsidiary OneLouder . The acquisition is meant to beef up its Pinsight Media+ advertising group , specifically .
Through Handmark , OneLouder has built social apps like Twitter clients Tweetcaster and Slices , and Friendcaster , a Facebook client . The acquisition price has n't been made known , but it 's a huge win for the Kansas City tech space , a place that I visited just a few weeks ago .
Sprint hopes that this acquisition will bring a more “ entrepreneurial spirit ” to its mobile program , hoping to lure developers to use its own advertising platform . Mike Cooley , VP of New Ventures at Sprint shared : “ The business , culture and technology they bring will be a huge asset to our business , and ultimately the customers of Pinsight Media+ . ”
Through building all of its apps , OneLouder found a niche in advertising , having its own team that has worked on the ad platform and used its own apps to test it out . This deal also brings Sprint some strategic partners like CBS , which has a sports app powered by OneLouder . Tying the work that OneLouder has done on its ad platform with Sprint 's customer base should juice its mobile advertising efforts immediately .
The great thing about the acquisition is that Handmark and OneLouder will stay in its current home of Kansas City , serving as an example of what a budding tech hub it really is . Sprint has been trying to get involved with the KC tech crowd , as all of the activity surrounding Google Fiber has inspired companies to be formed and money and time to be spent on building communities and refocusing on making the area attractive to both coasts as an alternative base .
The following article from Die Welt concerns the appearance of a new culturally enriched motorcycle gang in Germany that aims to rival the Hells Angels and other established gangs in violence and criminal activity .
The biker gangs are called “ rockers ” in Germany , a leftover term from early-sixties Britain . Nash Montana , who translated the article , says : “ These enrichers do n't even use bikes . They probably do n't even know how to hold up a bicycle . ”
“ We Are Coming and We Will Take the Country ”
In the ‘ rocker environment ” [ rocker milieu is German for “ biker environment ” ] , the Osman Germania Boxing club is the fastest-growing group . The police are concerned . The club shows itself to be martial — even towards the Hells Angels .
The muscular rapper boxes into the camera and yells : “ Frontal attack now , understood ? ” Around them stand broad-shouldered , brutal-looking men . They wear leather jackets with the label “ Osmania Germania ” . They repeatedly direct guns at the camera .
The video was posted on Facebook , and right at the beginning the group formulates their aspirations : “ We are coming and will take the whole country , ” says the voice-over , while pictures alternate between wild hordes of horsemen in the desert and the posing rockers . “ Men , who will stand their ground in the battlefield to the last drop of their blood , ” the voice tells us .
The new rocker group Osman Germania Boxing Club is causing trouble for the police nationwide . The group was formed in April of 2015 in Hessen and is now considered to be the fastest-growing group in the German rocker milieu .
“ We assume that the Osmans want to secure market shares in the illegal businesses of Rockers ”
Among the estimated 700 members are many Turkish migrants . They met at a “ World Meeting ” in Duisburg in October 2015 , and one month later they organized a “ Germany Meeting ” in Berlin .
Nationwide the group has already twenty locations . Among those , nine chapters are in Northrhine-Westphalia alone : Aachen , Bielefeld , Bochum , Dortmund , Düsseldorf , Duisburg , Essen , Cologne and Münster .
Just how dangerous some of the members are been shown , when last end of January in Neuss and Duisburg 97 members were controlled by the police . “ For a large number of these persons there is already criminal intel in the Police — mostly for brutality and the narcotics trade , ” said a recent report by the Interior Ministry of the North Rhine-Westphalia state parliament .
Still there is a lack of precise knowledge about the Club among the police . “ Concrete evidence concerning activities of the group or of individual members is only known in a few specific locations . The locations , however , of the individual chapters ' club houses are not known . The members often meet in restaurants and hookah bars , ” it says in the report directed at delegates of the home affairs select committee .
On the Internet the group presents itself as adept at martial arts and combat-ready . This is to be understood as a declaration of war against established biker gangs such as the Hells Angels .
“ We start from the premise that the Osmans want to secure themselves market shares in the illegal businesses of gangs , ” says Dietmar Kneib , the responsible director for organized crime in the office for criminal investigations of North Rhine-Westphalia ( NRW ) .
They are also active in other countries and possess “ definite personnel potential ” . The police are observing the group very closely .
In North Rhine-Westphalia the group has gotten the attention of the biker gang Brothers MC , which was established in 2014 by a former member of the Bandidos . They have chapters in five cities , and 74 members . Here as well , the police are lacking intel . It is clear , however , that this club as well has violent and combat-ready members .
OTTAWA – Among the controversial proposals in the Conservative government 's proposed Fair Elections Act is one to eliminate Elections Canada 's abilities to run campaigns encouraging Canadians to get out and vote – no matter who for .
According to Pierre Poilievre , Canada 's minister of state for democratic reform , Elections Canada 's outreach campaigns – which began in 2003 in response to decades of declining voter turnout , particularly among youth — have failed to combat the troubling trend seen in Canada and virtually every western democracy .
“ I am not arguing that Elections Canada 's advertising drives turnout down , ” Poilievre said in an email to Postmedia News on Wednesday . “ Rather , it fails to drive turnout up , because it does not address the practical obstacles that prevent many from voting . ”
But Poilievre 's equation does n't add up for experts who study the complex phenomenon of voter turnout .
Jon Pammett , political science professor at Carleton University , said Poilievre 's equation reflects a flawed understanding of cause and effect .
“ There 's a name for this in statistics , ” said Pammett . “ All this is based on simply a correlation . ”
True , voter turnout in Canada has failed to rebound significantly in the last 10 years ; after declining precipitously in the 1990s – from 71 % to 61 % – it hit an all-time low of 58.8 % in 2008 before climbing back up in 2011 to 61 % .
But when it comes to the relationship between voter outreach and voter turnout , Pammett cautions that A plus B does not always equal C .
“ You simply do n't know from simple observation of two things . It 's quite possible that the decline would have been even greater if the campaigns were n't working . ”
Pammett points out there have not been many Canadian experiments carried out to measure the impact of Elections Canada 's efforts to inspire youth to vote – everything from TV ads during some elections to school-based initiatives such as Student Vote , a mock election program . Evidence from south of the border , however , has shown non-partisan campaigns do make a difference in getting people to vote , particularly among the young .
Celebrity-laced TV ads from the youth-oriented campaign Rock The Vote made a measurable impact during the 2004 presidential election , said Columbia University political scientist Donald P. Green , who suggested Poilievre could use a “ remedial course in statistics . ”
“ It 's one thing to say governments should have no business encouraging voter turnout … But to say that such efforts do not work is demonstrably false . ”
While there is no magic bullet for the voter turnout problem , Green , co-author of the 2008 book Get Out The Vote , said hundreds of randomized studies in the United States have identified best practices used to engage voters .
Good old-fashioned door-knocking by party volunteers has the highest rate of return , they said , noting strong voter mobilization campaigns by both the Democrats and Republicans are credited with a more than five-point jump in voter turnout during the 2008 presidential election .
At first blush , the U.S. findings appear to support another of Poilievre 's assertions about the Fair Elections Act : that by limiting Elections Canada 's mandate to providing the bare-bones basics of when , where and how to vote , “ It will be left to aspiring candidates and parties to give people something for which to vote , and to reach out to citizens where they are . ”
But strict campaign finance restrictions in Canada mean it is unlikely political parties in this country would be able to execute voter outreach campaigns on the scale seen in the United States , said Green , noting they typically cost hundreds of millions of dollars .
Meanwhile , Elections Canada 's own data shows that youth – the drivers of downward voter trends – are likely to be on the losing end if it is forced to cancel programs promoting civic engagement .
The agency 's national youth survey found young people were more likely to vote when contacted by political parties , but only 40 % said parties reached out to them , compared to 75 % of Canadians over 65 who were courted by candidates or party volunteers .
Additionally , young people who take courses in government or democracy are 14 % more likely to vote than those who do not , Elections Canada has found . Their parents were also more likely to vote .
Elections Canada spokesperson Diane Benson said it is unclear whether the agency will still be able to offer school-based initiatives to promote voting , or partner with youth voter organizations such as Apathy Is Boring under the Fair Elections Act .
Asked if those programs would be affected , Poilievre 's spokesperson Gabrielle Renaud-Mattey responded : “ The job of an election agency is to inform citizens of the basics of voting : where , when and what ID to bring . ”
I have heard some complain that Muay Thai is being ruined by gambling and modernization , and I do think that these are worthy concerns . But we in the West – with our western histories – are very detached from the history of Muay Thai itself . The idea that is put forward ( at times ) that there is no historic role of punching , or that clinch is not a major dimension of classic Muay Thai but rather a modern distortion , the result of gambling interests ; but there does n't seem to be great historical evidence to support those claims , at least in the longer view of time by what I have found . When we look at old fights from any decade we see both of these elements , and for those that feel that clinch plays too heavily in today 's sport , how does one settle that with the career of Dieselnoi , arguably one of the greatest modern day Muay Thai fighters , a nearly un-fightable Muay Khao specialist . Clearly they were winning fights on score cards during what is considered Golden Age Muay Thai . And though very tall , they were not inventing a new fighting style with their relentless knees . This was a style of fighting that already existed . In clinch fighting , when facing a striker , this is essentially refusing to allow the fight to be fought where the opponent is most comfortable and effective .
In any case , for contrast I post here two fight videos from 1959 . The first is a highlight of what is said to be a Championship match , but I 'm really not sure and the clip is from a British broadcast that 's pretty offensive in its general tone . The audience cheers are a sound effect added in and it 's not clear what stadium or location it could be . And you can hear the racist exoticism in the Pathe narration , the fight looking like pure mayhem to the western eye . But as can be seen , clinch and punching are prominent ( at bottom I also post a 1950 bout from Rajadamnern before the roof , and a 1961 fight as Lumpinee as well ) . Below the first video ( the Thai fight ) is the World Championship bout between Patterson and Johansson , just to compare the differences in sport and technique , in the same year . And yes it seems , the art of clinch fighting has been prominent in Muay Thai for a long time . It is , in a sense , a mixed martial art ( a grappling art and a striking art ) or a “ complete martial art , ” at least since Rajadamnern opened in 1945 – here is a 1946 fight , and a fight in 1967 , again , with clinch and throws .
A Muay Thai “ Championship ” Bout in Thailand – 1959
Ingemar Johansson -vs- Floyd Patterson June 26 , 1959
Yes , there are beautiful techniques in Muay Thai , histories of fighting knowledge that need to be preserved , but I do think we fantasize about these histories , tracing them directly back to ancient times . In terms of technique I 'm not sure the Thai fighters in the older films ( 1940s/1950s ) could stand up to even an average Bangkok stadium fighter in today 's Thailand . It 's true , there will always be a tension between the grappler and the striker , and we will always feel that this generation is losing something that other generations cherished and that there are forces at work that are degrading values of the past . It was always better in yester-year , right ? And in some cases this is true and an important argument can be made : we need to hold onto what was . On the other hand , we should also keep track of how things really were , too . There has very likely been since modern , stadium fighting began in Thailand , a power vs finesse , grappler vs striker contrast . It 's the same in western boxing with defensive style vs. offensive style , the “ boxer ” vs. the “ puncher. ” Floyd Mayweather , Jr. did n't re-invent boxing with their evasive style ; Klitschko did n't invent the jab and clinch style .
I 'm okay if people would like to hold up , let 's say , the 1990s , or the 1980s as a Golden Age of Muay Thai , when there was a special confluence of technique , promotional vision , and country-wide participation , and the sport reached an apex . But perhaps it is a mistake to try to trace this golden moment back to how Muay Thai has always been , or give too much blame to modern tendencies or trends .
Of course I 'm not a Muay Thai historian . I 'm only a very interested fighter looking at what evidence I can gather , and listening to the stories told me by ex-fighters that I know . Just offering a perspective . I also happen to be a lover of clinch fighting ( not everyone is ! ) , which has a depth of art all its own .
You can read about the Modernization of Muay Thai in this Timeline post .
1950 Rajadamnern Fight – Clinch Prominent
1961 Fight – Clinch Prominent
If you liked this article , you may find The Origins of Japanese Kickboxing interesting .
You can support this content : Sylvie von Duuglas-Ittu on Patreon
From MC Public Wiki
CARTS is a design for a mine-cart station that will allow a player to roll in ( or place their mine-cart ) onto a launch strip . The player can then press a button and be sent on their merry way to any number of destinations . CARTS will not provide mine-cart storage , it is just a very fancy track selection system . The station can be expanded to accommodate as many destinations as a player would be able to reach and as many as you are able to route outputs from .
This design was created by WaterSlide ( or at least worked on a lot by him ) , I have simply looked at designs in PvE and worked it out from there .
How to make a CARTS station
Materials needed Buttons 8 Redstone torches 32 Repeaters 32 Redstone 36
This tutorial will show you how to make a CARTS station with eight outputs , due to the design , you can add or remove the outputs to suit your needs . The instructions are written out , but as the saying goes , a picture says a thousand words , so each step has a companion image to show you what you should have so far . Each is taken from roughly the same view point , the rear right corner . Except where noted , all the repeaters are set to the default setting ( one tick , the shortest delay ) .
Layer One
Woking from the front to the back , place an eight long strip of blocks , then a row of repeaters facing to the rear of the CARTS system and then another row of blocks . Next , place a zig-zag of repeaters and red-stone dust facing the front of the CARTS system . Finally , place another row of eight blocks , each with a red-stone torch attached to the rear of it ; these torches at the rear are the outputs that will use to control the track switching . In total , this layer should be seven blocks deep .
Layer one image
Layer one bird 's eye view image
Layer Two
Again working form the front to the back , place an eight long strip of red-stone dust ; this is where you take the signal from to launch the player 's mine cart . Next a row of blocks followed by a row red-stone torches , this should be standing on the block bellow them not on the side of a block . Next , you need to place a zig-zag of blocks above the eight repeaters you placed in the last step . Where the zigzag of blocks is nearer to the front of the CARTS put redstone torches on the back-facing side . Finally , place four red stone dust on the last row of blocks placed in layer one , these need to next to blocks that make up the zig-zag not next to the gaps .
Layer two images
Layer two birds eye view image
Layer Three
Still working form the front , place a row of eight blocks followed by a row of repeaters and then another row of blocks ; the repeaters should face the rear of the CARTS system an be set to the maximum delay . You now need to place red stone dust on the eight blocks that make up the zig-zag , with blocks between the red-stone dust in the row towards the front ; in other words , one row of alternating blocks and red-stone dust and one row of alternating red-stone dust and an empty block . It is on the front of this layer you will place the selection buttons .
Step three images
Layer three birds eye view image
Layer Four
At the front of the CARTS system place a two by eight layers of blocks with a row of red stone torches behind it . Then , on the four blocks in the layer below , place a spot of red-stone dust on each . Now place a block in the gaps between these spots of red-stone dust to prevent cross talk . If you have done this right up to now , then you should have four lines of red-stone dust running down in a stepping line . On the front of this layer you would place signs to let people know where each selection will take them .
Step four images
Layer four birds eye view image
Layer Five
Again , working from the front to the back , place a row of blocks . Then a row of repeaters that face to the front of the CARTS system , behind them another row of blocks . The front of this layer is where the indicator lights will go , a row of red-stone torches .
If you wanted to use redstone lamps as selection indicators instead of torches , replace the repeaters with redstone torches attached to the block near the rear of the CARTS . Then replace the orange blocks near the front of the CARTS with redstone lamps .
Step five images
Layer five birds eye view image
Front interface
Go to the front of the carts system , place a layer of red-stone torches on the side of the blocks at the very top . These are your indicator lights . You will probably have four of them on ( and four off ) when you first place them , do n't worry this is because the station has not been used yet . Leave the next row clear for you place signs indicating destination . Next row down , a row of buttons to select your destination .
Step six images
Congratulations
You have now builts your basic CARTS system ! Though here are some more steps to help you get your system up and running .
The launch strip
You will need to invert the signal that comes from the line of red stone dust at the front , and send this to a block that has a red-stone torch on it . The red-stone torch should be under a block with a sloping section of booster track . The torch , and thus the booster , will normally be off , holding the mine cart on the slope ; when a button is pressed it will turn on for a second or two , long enough to lanuch the player .
Launch strip image
Managing the outputs
How you use the outputs from the CARTS system depends on your needs . As an example of how to do it , see the image below .
Launch strip image
The far left and far right , outputs one and eight , simply have red-stone dust coming from the side of the output torches . The next two outputs , two and seven , again just use red-stone to go around the first outputs on either side , but have a block covering them to prevent cross talk with other outputs . Outputs three and six are run along a raised block ; place a block above the output red-stone torch to raise the signal . For output four , place one block spot of red-stone dust ( with block above it to prevent cross talk ) to get the signal from the torch , and then drop down one block and run the signal through a trench around output three ; do n't forget to cover the trench to prevent cross talk . For output five , start with two repeaters and then run red-stone dust around output six , again cover with blocks to prevent cross talk .
Step-by-Step guide for setting up your outputs
Click for larger image :
Southwest Rule
Click for larger image :
Amid bipartisan condemnation for tweets about MSNBC co-hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski , Senate Republicans delaying votes for their signature health care act , as well as the continuing investigation into Russia 's meddling in the 2016 presidential election , President Donald Trump finds themselves continuing to have historically low approval numbers for their presidency .
Trump 's approval numbers have been hovering around 40 percent after those numbers dipped into the mid-30s last month after firing former FBI Director James Comey , which was followed by Comey 's testimony to a congressional hearing . The president 's approval has reverted to similar numbers as the beginning of their presidency which began at around 40 to 45 percent .
In the last week , low Trump 's approval numbers have maintained an approval in the low 40s even as more news surfaced about the ongoing investigation by House Intelligence Committee and Special Counsel Robert Mueller , who are both investigating Trump for obstruction of justice for firing Comey and Trump 's campaign dealings with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential election .
READ MORE : Trump Approval Ratings : Latest Polls After Comey Hearing And As Senate Tries To Repeal And Replace Obamacare
Three polls of Trump 's approval rating were taken this week : Rasmussen , Gallup and SurveyMonkey . All three showed the president 's disapproval marks outweighing their approval marks , while their approval stays around the high 30s or low 40s .
In the Rasmussen Report , a historically right-leaning tracking poll , the president got their highest approval rating , 46 percent , between June 27 and June 29 , the same numbers as last week . The FiveThirtyEight tracking aggregator , which weighs the polls by historic leanings , adjusted that percentage down to 41 percent . By contrast , the approval tracker showed a 54 percent disapproval rating .
In a Gallup Poll taken during the same time period , Trump returned to the high 30s , receiving a 38 percent approval and 57 percent disapproval rating . These numbers are a slight downturn from the prior week that showed the president climbing for the first time into the low 40s . The Gallup Poll was adjusted to 39 percent approval and 55 percent disapproval rating .
A SurveyMonkey poll taken between June 23 and June 29 split the difference between the Gallup poll and Rassmussen poll , with 41 percent approval and 56 percent disapproval , adjusted to 39 percent approval and 55 percent disapproval .
The FiveThirtyEight aggregator averages 39.6 percent approval and 54.3 percent disapproval , which has shown the president 's approval maintain similar support numbers after weeks of controversial tweets and continued hearings by congressional committees that run parallel to the administration 's dismissal of any implication of wrongdoing in the Russian investigation .
READ : Trump 's Approval Rating Hits 36 Percent Low In New Poll Amid Russia Investigation
On RealClearPolitics poll aggregator for `` Trump 's Favorability '' and `` Direction of the Country , '' there has been a similarly low level of support for the president . Their favorability is at 41.0 percent and their unfavorability is at 53.7 percent . An average of only 31.3 percent of Americans thinks the country is going in the right direction , while 59.5 percent think the country is going in the wrong direction .
COLUMBUS , Ohio -- What would Condi do ?
The actual College Football Playoff selection committee , including Condoleezza Rice , wo n't start putting out a top 25 until the middle of the season , but our friends at the various Advance properties around the nation are happy to advise them up until then , and beyond .
Even if no one listens to me . Unsurprisingly , my first ballot for our Advance Digital poll , on behalf of our coverage here at cleveland.com , did n't win the day .
The top four in our overall 13-person poll are Florida State , Oregon , Alabama and Oklahoma .
My top four were Texas A & M , Georgia , Florida State and Oregon . ( LSU , Auburn , Michigan State , UCLA , Louisville and Stanford filled out my top 10 . )
If I was n't such a team player , this might be a place for me to say something like , `` If you really think Alabama is a top four team right now , you either are n't paying attention or you 're wrapped up in preseason perceptions . '' If I had n't said I was n't going to get wound up about polls in the new committee era , I could say that , `` Excluding Texas A & M and Georgia after dominating performances against actual competition is nonsensical . ''
It 's a good thing I 'm not saying anything of that . ( Suggestion for my performance evaluation : `` Enthusiastically embraces divergent opinions and respects their fellow corporate employees . '' )
So the Big Ten did n't make the top four . The Big Ten should n't make the top four . Let Michigan State win at Oregon on Saturday and this whole thing will be flipped on its head . See if Ohio State can get on a roll with J.T . Barrett and this discussion would change .
For now , it appears we 're hanging on to Alabama because Nick Saban is famous and a little scary ... I mean , happy voting everyone !
( Now to the stuff the other guys wrote . )
About the First Four Poll : Each week during the college football season , our committee of 13 national experts will rank the teams competing for a spot in the inaugural College Football Playoff . These rankings will provide a look at how the contenders for the four playoff berths stack up in advance of the release of the first College Football Playoff rankings on Oct. 28 and provide an alternative perspective to those official rankings thereafter .
About the voters : We 've assembled a baker 's dozen of top college sports writers from coast to coast . They are : Nick Baumgardner , MLive.com ; Ken Goe , The Oregonian ; Jim Kleinpeter , NOLA.com/The Times-Picayune ; Gary Laney , Advance Digital National Desk ; Tom Layberger , Advance Digital National Desk ; Doug Lesmerises , Northeast Ohio Media Group ; Nick O'Malley , MassLive.com ; Kevin Scarbinsky , Alabama Media Group ; Keith Sergeant , NJ.com ; Audrey Snyder , PennLive.com ; Patrick Stevens , Syracuse.com ; Jim Waggoner , Staten Island Advance ; Brad Wilson , The Express-Times .
First Four
1 . Florida State ( 119 points ) , 1-0
Last week : Def . Oklahoma State , 37-31 . This week : Vs . The Citadel
Projected playoff match : Oklahoma in the Sugar Bowl
Despite having to fight to the end against the Cowboys , the Seminoles still received eight of 13 first-place votes as most voters were willing to forgive the closer-than-expected result .
Voters ' take :
`` FSU is No . 1 because , despite their struggles , the Seminoles have too much quality back from last year to think that ( Oklahoma State ) game was either an anomaly or evidence that Oklahoma State is much better than anticipated . '' -- Gary Laney , Advance National Desk
`` Florida State beat a decent team on a neutral field and will work out the defensive kinks -- and even if the Seminoles do n't , who can stop ( Jameis ) Winston ? '' -- Brad Wilson , The Express-Times
2 . Oregon ( 94 ) , 1-0
Last week : Def . South Dakota , 62-13 . This week : Vs. No . 8 Michigan State
Projected playoff match : Alabama in the Rose Bowl
We did n't learn much about the Ducks as they trounced an overmatched FCS opponent . This week will give us a much clearer picture of how serious a contender Oregon , which received two first-place votes , really is .
Voters ' take :
`` I like Oregon 's chances with a tough schedule but the right home games ( Michigan State , Stanford , Arizona ) and perhaps the nation 's best quarterback in Marcus Mariota , who might have gotten them to the championship game but for an injury . '' -- Jim Kleinpeter , NOLA.com/The Times-Picayune
`` We could also see a big shakeup this week , as Oregon and Michigan State square off in perhaps the most important non-league game of the season . '' -- Nick Baumgardner , MLive.com
3 . Alabama ( 84 ) , 1-0
Last week : Def . West Virginia , 33-23 . This week : Vs. Florida Atlantic
Projected playoff match : Oregon in the Rose Bowl
Alabama gave up 365 yards passing yards to WVU 's Clint Trickett , and Blake Sims did n't exactly blow people away at quarterback , but the Tide stays near the top despite receiving no first-place votes .
Voters ' take :
`` The Seminoles and Crimson Tide may have won their openers by only a combined 17 points , but neither team trailed while playing Big 12 programs that while not great by any means , are solid . '' -- Tom Layberger , Advance National Desk
`` Alabama is too deep and too talented for there to be any concern , especially with their backfield . '' -- Nick O'Malley , MassLive.com
4 . Oklahoma ( 79 ) , 1-0
Last week : Def . Louisiana Tech , 48-16 . This week : At Tulsa
Projected playoff match : Florida State in the Sugar Bowl
Like Oregon , OU opened with a cupcake and it wo n't likely be until Sept. 13 , when Tennessee visits , before we get a good feel for how strong the Sooners really are .
Voters ' take :
`` Oklahoma 's defense will keep it among the nation 's best ... `` -- Audrey Snyder , PennLive.com
`` Week 1 is always weird and gives off skewed impressions , especially with so many cupcakes on the schedule ( Oregon , Oklahoma ) . '' -- O'Malley .
Next Four
5 . Georgia ( 76 ) , 1-0
Last week : Def . Clemson , 45-21 . This week : Bye
Georgia 's second-half domination of Clemson impressed voters , including one who voted the Bulldogs No . 1 and four more who put them at No . 4 .
6 . Auburn ( 71 ) , 1-0
Last week : Def . Arkansas , 45-21 . This week : Vs. San Jose State
Auburn survived the Nick Marshall half-game suspension and a bit of a battle from the Razorbacks . The Tigers ' next big test may be at Kansas State , Sept. 18 .
7 . Texas A & M ( 52 ) , 1-0
Last week : Def . South Carolina , 52-28 . This week : Vs. Lamar
The Aggies came from off the radar to looking like a contender after Kenny Hill sliced and diced South Carolina 's defense on the road . It was impressive enough that the Aggies garnered two first-place votes .
8 . Michigan State ( 44 ) , 1-0
Last week : Def . Jacksonville State , 45-7 . This week : At No . 2 Oregon
After an FCS gim me to open the season , we 'll see how serious MSU , and the Big Ten , is this week in Eugene .
The Rest
LSU ( 33 ) , Ohio State ( 23 ) , UCLA ( 13 ) , Stanford ( 11 ) , Baylor ( 10 ) , USC ( 3 ) , Louisville ( 2 ) , Mississippi ( 1 )
Poor Dan Harmon . This is not the first time that weird conditions have been imposed on Community . But we 're keeping October 19th in our hearts in a number of ways , with or without Danny Donald Glover .
We still do n't actually know what , if anything , is going to happen with Community . But the exclusive deal with Hulu ( the reason why the show is n't on Netflix in the US ) makes that the most likely place for a revival . And indeed , there have been talks about reviving the show there . Granted , “ talks ” means basically bupkis ; just that someone at Hulu might conceivably be open to the idea . But hey , “ talks ” are better than “ no talks , ” right ?
Which is , of course , all a roundabout way of saying “ SIX SEASONS AND A MOVIE ! ”
JANUARY Day Holiday Type Long Weekend ? 14 Tue Thai Pongal PBM Almost 14 Tue Holy Prophet 's Birthday PBM Almost 15 Wed Duruthu Poya PB FEBRUARY 4 Tue National Day PBM Almost 14 Fri Navam Poya PB YES 27 Thu Maha Sivarathri PB Almost MARCH 16 Sun Medin Poya PB APRIL 13 Sun Day before Sri Lankan New Year PBM 14 Mon Sri Lankan New Year PBM YES 14 Mon Bak Poya PB YES 18 Fri Good Friday PB YES MAY 1 Thu May Day PBM Almost 14 Wed Wesak Poya PB Almost 15 Thu Day After Wesak PBM Almost JUNE 12 Thu Poson Poya PB Almost JULY 12 Sat Esala Poya PB 29 Tue Ramazan PB Almost AUGUST 10 Sun Nikini Poya PB SEPTEMBER 8 Mon Binara Poya PB YES OCTOBER 5 Sun Hadji PB 8 Wed Vap Poya PB 22 Wed Deepavali PB NOVEMBER 6 Thu Il Poya PB DECEMBER 6 Sat Unduvap Poya PB 25 Thu Christmas PBM Almost
This is our list of Sri Lankan holidays for 2014 . What we 've added is to note the seven long weekends this year , as well as the nine almost long weekends , when you can take a day off and get an extra long vacation.We 've also noted whether holidays are Bank ( B ) , Public ( P ) or Mercantile ( M ) . In case you do n't know exactly what this means ( we did n't ) , bank holidays are just for banks , public holidays are for banks and government but not necessarily private companies , and mercantile holidays are for all of the above plus private companies . Note that in Sri Lanka most companies give public holidays off , including Poyas.The best month for holidays remains April , which has both Avurudu and Good Friday . Avurudu is technically only two days ( one on a weekend ) , but most Sri Lankans end up taking the whole week off . The worst months for holidays are March and August , which have none that fall on a weekday.You can download or copy the iCal link here : http : //goo.gl/VvR47w Anyways , here you go . Happy Holidays .
In an apparent concession to authorities warning pro-democracy protesters to clear Hong Kong 's streets by the beginning of the work week , students occupying the area outside city government headquarters agreed Sunday to remove some barricades that have blocked the building 's entrance during the weeklong demonstrations .
Across the harbor in Hong Kong 's Mong Kok district , protesters appeared divided about whether to stay put or decamp to the city 's Admiralty area , the main protest site .
`` The government and the police have the duty and determination to take all necessary actions to restore social order so the government and the 7 million people of Hong Kong can return to their normal work and life , '' Leung said .
Police said they had arrested 30 people since the protests started Sept. 28 , and that 27 police officers had been injured while on duty in the protest areas .
The government said Sunday that it was happy to talk to the students , and that it hoped protest leaders would cooperate and allow the reopening of the roads outside the government 's headquarters .
...
Two years ago , we introduced the first Chromebook Pixel . The idea was to bring together the best in hardware , software and design to inspire the next generation of Chromebooks . It 's been exciting to see how the entire range of Chromebooks—from classroom-proof to high-end—has made a difference to people at school , at home , and at work . Today , we 're introducing an updated and more powerful Pixel to fuel the imaginations of another wave of Chromebook enthusiasts . Plus , we 've created a new , online Google Store where you can get the Pixel and other devices made with Google , all in one place .
One charger for all your stuff
These days , packing for a trip means remembering to bring all your different chargers—for your phone , laptop , tablet , watch , etc . We think you should be able to use just one charger for all your electronics . So for the new Pixel , we 've joined forces with some of the biggest names in the industry to create a new standard for charging , called USB Type C. The Pixel is one of the first products to launch with this new standard , with more Chromebooks and Android devices following suit soon .
Not only does Type-C enable multi-device charging , but it also allows high-speed data and display over the same connector and cable . It 's small enough to work with smartphones , powerful enough to charge computers , and conveniently symmetrical ( no more guessing which side is up ! ) . Speaking of symmetry , the new Pixel does n't just have one Type C port—it has two , one on each side , so you can plug in wherever is convenient .
Thoughtful design
Like the original Pixel , the new Chromebook has a high-resolution touchscreen , a sleek aluminum body , and smooth glass trackpad . We 've also made a few other enhancements , including a new wide-angle camera lens .
Of course , the Pixel is also great on the inside . It 's got a powerful Intel® Core™ i5 with 8GB RAM and a 32GB SSD . If that 's not enough for you , we 're making an LS ( yup , that stands for “ Ludicrous Speed ” ) version that 's even faster , too . And even with the new charger , you probably wo n't be carrying it around much , since the new Pixel has 12 hours of battery life1 . When you do need to top up , it 's fast—you 'll get up to two hours of battery life with just 15 minutes of charging.1
Shop for the Pixel and more at the Google Store
We 've been selling our devices on Google Play for years , but as we 've added more products to the family , we thought it was time to make it easier for you to learn more about them . So today we 're also launching the Google Store , the new home for the latest devices made with Google .
At store.google.com , you can shop Nexus phones and tablets , Chromecast and Chromebooks , learn more about newer technology like Android Wear , Nexus Player and Nest , and stock up on accessories like cases , keyboards and chargers . You 'll see how the Google apps you already know—like Search , Maps and YouTube—work seamlessly with all these products . The Google Store is available on your phone , tablet , or laptop , and right now you 'll get free shipping on everything * ( consider it our way of saying hello ) .
Once you 've found the right device at the Google Store , you can still head to Google Play to find apps , games , music , movies , TV shows and more . If you recently bought a device on Google Play , do n't worry—your order info will automatically be transferred to the Google Store . See our Help Center for more information .
The Chromebook Pixel is available for purchase starting today in the U.S. on the new Google Store for $ 999 and $ 1299 for the LS version . Come check it out , and see what else is in store .
Posted by Andrew Bowers , Director of Consumer Hardware
* Free shipping applies to the lowest cost shipping option . Free shipping promotion may be modified or discontinued at any time .
1Battery life tested using Chromium standard PowerLoadTest at default brightness . The PowerLoadTest was created to emulate average user behavior and measure the resultant battery life . Charge time testing is measured by battery capacity increase with lid closed divided by average energy usage during PowerLoadtest . Battery life and charge time may vary depending on usage and other conditions .
Top 10 Metal Albums Of 2012
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dario Dumancic/Courtesy of the artist Dario Dumancic/Courtesy of the artist
As we hurl ourselves ungracefully into the digital swill , we 're finding different ways to be heavy at a rate faster than Mick Barr shreds guitar strings . Boundaries broken , banjos and black metal living in sin , cats and dogs singing King Diamond together ... is this progress ? If this year has taught me anything , it 's not that genre matters less because our share-happy Internet 's a flesh-eating black hole , it 's that genre does n't mean a damn thing unless it hurts so good .
With no real trends or whipping posts in 2012 , it was , surprisingly , just a great time to enjoy metal on its own terms . In fact , the only unifying theme of 2012 was a strong showing from the lifers who have made metal what it is today . Vital releases by '80s bands like Accept , Asphyx , Saint Vitus , Master , Napalm Death , Kreator and Testament kept the young'uns on their toes . That vintage continues to get more intense and pissed off , proving that while punk 's a young man 's game , metal 's like a fine but festering bottle of wine .
There were some loose ends that do n't fit on this list . The heaviest song this year that made me grin ear to bleeding ear more than anything was the harmonica howl of `` No Chance '' by Unsane , even if you could n't call it `` metal . '' And in the garbage heap that is the let's-reissue-everything-even-subpar-death-metal-demos race , Hells Headbangers ' comprehensive and heftily packaged All That 's Fit for Fighting box set rightly rescued Witch Cross from '80s heavy metal obscurity .
Ranking is damned , this personal top 10 list is in alphabetical order . ( If you 're aching for more than 10 albums , head on over to my blog for the metal records that I hated to cut . )
In the morning before many Bruins games last season , it was interesting to listen to opposing coaches talk about the challenge of facing the B 's .
Typical was Anaheim 's Bruce Boudreau before the teams ' Dec. 1 game : “ When you play the Boston Bruins , you 're in for a really tough game , no matter who 's in the lineup for them . ”
Or Calgary 's Bob Hartley on Feb. 16 : “ Here is a team with lots of pride , lots of history . They 're built playing the game the right way . They 're solid , they 're physical . Plus they know how to win . ”
Boudreau and Hartley are two very smart hockey guys , but you had to wonder : Were they seeing the same Bruins team we were last season ? Or were they picturing teams of recent years past ?
Johnny Boychuk , Jarome Iginla , Andrew Ference , Nathan Horton and Shawn Thornton are not wearing the “ B ” anymore . And what was left this season , with few exceptions , was a roster ridden with small guys and Lady Byng candidates .
For years , for decades , the Bruins were that solid , physical , hard team to play against . Not last season . Who is to blame for the loss of the age-old blue-collar identity ? Well , it 's going to be new general manager Don Sweeney 's job to figure that out .
Sweeney does not toss words around carelessly , so we can only assume from the ambiguity they employed Wednesday about coach Claude Julien that they truly are not certain Julien is the right man to guide the team going forward .
“ I have some things that I want to sit down with Claude and go through in a very orderly fashion as to where I think things needs to change , and what direction we need to change as a group , ” Sweeney said at their Garden press conference .
Sweeney talked at length about the B 's difficulty to score goals , especially in the third period .
“ I can sit up here as a career 52-goal scorer and tell you we can score more goals , ” said Sweeney .
So the new GM will need to ask Julien : Why was this so ? And what can be done about it ?
No doubt there will be tweaks needed in the on-ice system . For instance , watching the Tampa Bay Lightning fly up and down the ice in their Eastern Conference title series against the New York Rangers , there 's a lot to like about how they execute — the breakouts , the transitions and especially the power play , where they have tremendous puck and player movement .
But a basic fact about Julien that many observers seem to miss is he 's always shown flexibility in their system . One way he 's remained an effective coach after seven years is to change the game plan in small ways every year . Players keep listening because it is n't the same old stale message year after year .
And because they know it works .
Julien 's critics claim they are purely a defensive coach , stifling their players ' skills and creativity and forcing them just to back up and defend . Nonsense . The Bruins , at their best , demonstrate that good defense in all three zones leads to productive offense , and in most years under Julien , the B 's have been very good at scoring goals , finishing second or third in the NHL in goals in three seasons .
So Sweeney can discuss systems all day with Julien , and the answers are not going to change , at least not much . The problem with the Bruins last year was not the coach ; it was not the system . It was that the Bruins too often got out-competed and pushed around .
Players loved to talk about all the character in the room , but it rarely was visible on the ice .
The players who made the Bruins the kind of tough and solid team those opposing coaches were referencing ? An awful lot of them are gone .
If Sweeney & Co. want this past season to be remembered as just a brief , bump in the road , they better figure out a way to re-stock this team with players who know what it means to be a Bruin .
Claude Julien can only coach the team they have .
The recent paper China 's fight to halt tree cover loss carefully avoided the word ‘ forest ' in its title .
It challenged the various definitions of forest that may cause more confusion than necessary , and preferred the more objectively observable ‘ tree cover ' term for discussing what types of changes are occurring in China and whether or not the investments made by the state are delivering the services society wants .
In the paper , CGIAR Research Program on Forests , Trees and Agroforestry ( FTA ) researchers showed that China 's forest cover gains remain highly dependent on definition .
This leads to a thought experiment – please give it a try for the next five minutes : Can we do without the word ‘ forest ' and its derivatives ( deforestation , reforestation , afforestation , agroforestry , agroforestation ) ?
Let 's try . No , not a world without trees , of course . It is hard to think of landscapes completely without perennial woody stemmed plants – although they may be short and sparse in harsh climates , belong to a wide range of plant families , including ferns , conifers , dicotyledons and grasses , restricted to the edges of fields , lining roads , isolated remnants of a formerly denser vegetation retained to provide shade , or planted to create a more pleasant environment around houses and in urban areas .
No , not a world without “ old growth ” , “ young growth ” , “ jungle rubber ” , “ home gardens ” , “ timber plantation ” , “ tree crops ” , “ line plantings ” and vegetation derived from “ old growth ” by various degrees of logging and currently recovering .
Not a world , however , where we lump part of these land covers , and exclude others from a black-versus-white terminology , without words for the greys in between .
It could be a world where all land covers without or with trees are described by terms that are precise and clear . The amount , type , age and size of trees and other flora and fauna that shape land cover are directly related to its ‘ use ' , the ecosystem services and benefits provided to humans ( and to those who attribute a right to non-human inhabitants of this planet ) .
Read also : New look at satellite data quantifies scale of China 's afforestation success
Trees produce wood of a wide range of qualities and utilities , fruits , resins , nectar for honeybees , medicinals and other tradable goods . Trees interact with water in the full hydrological cycle of atmospheric moisture , clouds , rainfall , runoff , groundwater recharge and regulated river flow .
Trees have major influence on micro- and meso-climates , and some role in the global carbon balance ( no there is no shortage of atmospheric oxygen , so they do n't solve problems here ) . Trees represent a pretty good cross-section of plant families , and support a huge diversity of beetles , other insects , birds and beasts .
Some forms of tree cover are better in some of these functions , others in other . It is not easy to draw a single line in deciding on a dichotomous two-stage land cover classification . It makes more sense to have many more categories , be clear on what tree functions are needed where and take measures to promote these .
Is it hard to describe all this without using the f-word ? It does take some effort , but it may be liberating after the initial shock . Our data show that rates of change ( ‘ deforestation ' ) in the landscapes where we work strongly depend on the operational forest definition , making the term as such meaningless .
Currently fashionable claims to ‘ deforestation-free ' value chains have no substance in the absence of clarity of the basic terms used .
All well and good , but who should control and regulate the land where trees are supposed to grow and thrive ? Do n't we need foresters , forest policy , forestry laws , forestry departments , forestry science , a global forest agreement , forest accounting rules and forest law enforcement ? Depending on the specific type of tree cover and the primary functions to society , the answer to these questions will differ .
We certainly need land use laws and policies , land governance agencies , land use and landscape science , and clarity in how all land cover types can contribute to various parts of the Sustainable Development Goals agenda . But maybe , the agriculture vs forest dichotomy on which current concepts are built is actually not helpful , and we better go to the next level of distinctions between the various types and function of partial and complete tree cover in our landscapes .
FTA was explicitly set up to deal with the whole continuum of land cover and land use types , without prejudice to any specific interpretation of what it and what is not included in ‘ forest ' or ‘ agroforestry ' as separate categories . Indeed , the trees are bridging a wide spectrum of land uses .
By Meine van Noordwijk , FTA senior scientist , originally published at ICRAF 's Agroforestry World .
This work forms part of the CGIAR Research Program on Forests , Trees and Agroforestry .
We would like to thank all donors who supported this work through their contributions to the CGIAR Fund .
Whether you realise it or not , your days are carefully designed by no-one else but you . It is you who chooses to skip a morning jog to steal an extra half an hour in bed , or wastes the quiet morning hours checking social media notifications instead of cracking on with the day 's toughest tasks .
If you want to see a change in your routine , to feel a shift in your energy , mood and productivity levels , then you have to take responsibility for your actions and choices . The only way to be more effective is to choose to be more effective .
We have interviewed 6 outstanding entrepreneurs to give you a taste of how people , who are exceptionally productive and achieve more than their peers or competitors , think and act . Feel free to copy and apply the habits that fit into your lifestyle .
Marijus Andrijauskas : “ Avoid the Domino effect ”
Marijus Andrijauskas is the founder and CEO of Teamgate , a complete inbound sales CRM for startups and SME 's . They credit their high productivity levels to a selection of monitoring and management tools that keep them on their toes every day .
Their mornings start with some Tibetan exercises , a cold shower , coffee and world news . Marijus claims this morning routine is a must for them to ease into the day and come to work prepared to move mountains .
“ My planning philosophy is quite straightforward . I always try to finish the tasks I planned , whatever it takes . Because it 's like a Domino effect ; if one falls , a full row can be down . ”
When asked to share their productivity methods , Marijus is very honest : “ Multitasking is inevitable these days . I plan to categorize my daily tasks . If it needs a sharp brain , then I do it in the morning . If it 's a creative task that takes time , then I do it in the afternoon with chats/phones off . ”
Do you have a CRM that keeps you organised ? The most user-friendly CRM on the market . 14-day free trial . Start Free Trial Painless setup , no credit card required
Maris Dagis : “ Keep a short daily to-do list ”
Maris Dagis , the co-founder , and CEO of an eCommerce platform Sellfy.com says that the number one habit that allows them to stay highly effective is keeping a daily to-do list . “ I keep it short , with just a couple of important tasks I need to do each day . That allows me to focus and be effective every day . ”
Maris starts their day with a glass of water , a good breakfast and a short workout to get going . Although they insist it 's “ nothing fancy ” , ultimately , it 's the routine that puts a spring in their step . “ Workwise , I keep a small ( 2-4 tasks ) daily to-do list that I review each morning . ”
They have a few tips when the conversation turns to staying effective at work . “ At Sellfy , we keep a very broad picture on what to achieve each year and a more detailed roadmap for the next 3 months . Specific tasks are usually planned in 2-4 week short periods and assigned to each team member . For me , personally , it 's zooming in and out constantly to align priorities and see whether we are moving in the right direction or something needs to be changed . ”
Maris believes that keeping their email inbox clean , allocating blocks of time without interruptions to get stuff done and keeping the notifications of their devices to a bare minimum are the simple methods that increase their productivity .
Tomas Laurinavicius : “ Practice the ‘ either HELL YEAH or no ' rule ”
Tomas Laurinavicius is a lifestyle entrepreneur . As someone who 's known for writing about habits of highly effective people , they have a few foolproof tips to share :
Using the 2-Minute Rule . Overcome procrastination and laziness by making it so easy to start taking action that you ca n't say no . If it takes less than two minutes , then do it now .
Achieving Inbox Zero . It is a rigorous approach to email management aimed at keeping the inbox empty , or almost empty , at all times .
Achieving To-Do List Zero . Just like Inbox Zero , you try to get to zero by delegating , removing and completing tasks in your to-do list .
Setting Reminders . People forget quickly even if it 's extremely important . I set reminders for myself when to stand up and take a walking break when to go to bed , when to follow up on an email , when to call a bank , when to cancel the free trial software and so on .
Saying No . No “ yes. ” Either “ HELL YEAH ! ” or “ no . ”
But when it comes to choosing their number one habit that boosts productivity and helps to hit all targets , they are adamant that meditation is the right solution .
Matiss Ansviesulis : “ Focus on one thing and one thing only ”
Matiss Ansviesulis is the co-founder and CEO of Creamfinance , a company that makes money available by providing one-click loans to consumers globally . It 's backed up by Smart Data scoring method and is currently operating in 7 countries .
Matiss kicks off their day at around 7 am with a salmon or avocado sandwich and a 20-minute jog . One thing they try to avoid by all costs is checking their email . “ I prefer to spend my morning investing in myself both physically and mentally rather than checking emails . That 's , of course , if I 'm not traveling which happens around 50 % of the time . ”
Being productive at work is of major importance to Matiss . Their productivity methods range from learning to delegate to focusing on one task at a time . “ I 'm a fan of GTD ( Getting-Things-Done ) , which is why I try to deal with the issue as it comes . If I ca n't solve the issue at that moment , I schedule the time when it can be done and continue . If not – I delegate . I also have a PA who helps me a lot . Also , I try to delegate all the practical , mundane tasks to other people ” , Matiss explains .
“ My planning philosophy is to focus on the outcome list , not on a to-do list . Every evening I make a short outcome list , which outlines the things I want to achieve by the end of the day . When I come to the office I start with the list and focus on my deliverables . I check my email only after the things are done . ”
The one productivity-boosting tip they swear by is to focus on a single task at a time . “ I keep things focused . Pick one thing as a priority and one thing only , block out distractions , deal with the issue and move on . ”
Einaras Gravrock : “ Break big tasks into actionable micro steps ”
A serial tech entrepreneur , founder , and CEO at CUJO.com , Einaras Gravrock simply ca n't afford to give in to lazy habits . They lead a company that protects homes and businesses against network security threats , such as malware , phishing , and ransomware , and their habit to break big tasks into actionable micro steps is what protects them against failure .
“ I start my morning by opening the Calm app and doing one of their exercises to get my thoughts and priorities in order . After that , I tackle any urgent tasks that may have come up since the night before . We have teams in multiple countries so for most of my colleagues my morning is their end of the day . That makes the first part of my day quite intense . I leave the creative work for the afternoon . ”
As most of the busy entrepreneurs , Einaras is obsessed with seeing results : “ I approach each day with ‘ what is the biggest thing I can accomplish today ' . If I can focus on what 's truly most important for the business , that one thing which will make the biggest difference , then it 's a successful day . ”
But they do n't rely solely on their mental strength to maintain the productivity levels . The founder of CUJO lists a few productivity tools that make their life easier : “ Evernote for notes and personal priorities , Slack for team communication , Yesware for external communication tracking , Pipedrive for CRM , Trello and JIRA for team projects and priorities . ”
Ryan Robinson : “ Understand the benefits of opportunity management ”
Ryan Robinson , a freelance content marketer for high growth startups and tech companies like LinkedIn , Zendesk , Quickbooks , CreativeLive and more , is nothing short of a busy bee . Besides their intense freelance projects , they also teach more than 200,000 monthly readers how to start a profitable side hustle on their blog ryrob.com .
Their days start early . “ My ideal morning , call it about three days each week , starts by waking to my FitBit wrist vibration alarm around 5:00 am . After getting up , I 'll shower , have a light breakfast and bike a few miles to my office in downtown San Francisco by around 6:00 am . I get my clearest thinking done in the morning , so I protect that time very carefully . I make sure not to check my email or social notifications until around 9:00 am after I 've been able to get a solid block of writing , planning or other mission-critical tasks . ”
Ryan uses several productivity methods that help them keep the distractions to a minimum . “ My favorite productivity hack that saves me a ton of time each day is scheduling 2 x one-hour blocks of time during my day where I 'm allowed to look at my inbox & reply to emails . This helps me stay on track with working on the projects that drive the highest return for me , rather than allowing myself to get sucked into and spend the entire day working out of the never-ending inbox . ”
The number one habit that keeps them productive and effective is questioning their use of time every day . “ I ask myself many times throughout my day , “ is this the best possible utilization of my time right now ? ” I call this opportunity management and write extensively about it on my blog . It 's the habitual thought process that allows me to properly evaluate inbound opportunities . It keeps myself from biting off new projects that are n't a good fit at the moment . This way I stay focused on my most important goals . ”
Bringing It All Together
Boosting and maintaining productivity is an obsession of big and small businesses . It 's what keeps entrepreneur experimenting with their routines , trying to habitualise skills and sharpen their brain . The biggest secret of the million-dollar industry is that there is no one ground-breaking way to getting stuff done . To summarise , I think it is very clear that all of these entrepreneurs are seeking to be organised , on top of their business and their personal lives . Out of all the tips mentioned above , here at Teamgate , we find that the best way to be on the top of your to-do list is to keep setting up tasks and achievable goals each day for every team member .
Brad DeLong has long argued against the fears that we could head into something like the Great Depression .
But now the UC Berkeley economist has turned a bit bearish on the economy .
From DeLong :
For 2 1/4 years now I have been saying that there is no chance of a repeat of the Great Depression or anything like it -- that we know what to do and how to do it and will do it if things turn south . I do n't think I can say that anymore . In my estimation the chances of another big downward shock to the U.S. economy -- a shock that would carry us from the 1/3-of-a-Great-Depression we have now to 2/3 or more -- are about 5 % . And it now looks very much as if if such a shock hits the U.S. government will be unable to do a d -- -- - thing about it .
DeLong thinks that Democratic deficit hawks and Republican anti-stimulus politicians will effectively prevent the government from doing anything to ameliorate a deteriorating economic situation . What 's more , outrage against the bailouts coming from the left and the right will prevent the Obama administration from orchestrating anything like we saw last fall . `` So if another big bad shock hits the U.S. economy , what could the Obama administration possibly do ? '' DeLong asks .
Spoiler : How to access Recycling ( click to show/hide ) There is a little bit of lore about this place in the game already , so you may have read about it , but now you can actually go there . When you visit Storage and find that door , hack the terminal and use the manual code `` \\IAMDERELICT '' ( without the quotes ) .
Vastly reduced time cost of large volleys !
Attaching parts while slots are full attempts to smartly auto-replace existing parts .
Allied Operator hacking bonus applies to robot hacking as well .
The full Alpha 5 ( 0.10.151217 ) changelog :
* NEW : Branch map `` Recycling ''
* NEW : Branch map `` Extension ''
* NEW : Branch map `` ( spoiler ) ''
* NEW : 1 major plot event
* NEW : 3 story-related NPC encounters
* NEW : 9 additional robots ( excluding NPCs )
* NEW : Allied Operator hacking bonus applies to robot hacking as well
* NEW : Every Materials floor now includes a guaranteed cache of Storage Units
* NEW : Attaching parts ( from ground or inventory ) while slots are full attempts to smartly auto-replace parts ( see manual for priorities )
* NEW : Matter-specific machines release matter as they are destroyed ( Matter Pump , Pressure Siphon , Matter Filter )
* NEW : Keyboard running stops for adjacent doors , corners , and corridors when moving cardinally
* MOD : Vastly reduced time cost of large volleys ( fire 5-10 weapons in less time than originally required by 3 ! )
* MOD : Alert ( Purge ) effectiveness halved !
* MOD : Barriers ( brighter walls ) take half damage from all AOE effects
* MOD : EM damage to regular walls and doors halved ; doubled against phasewalls
* MOD : Non-combat robots no longer trigger responses from hidden doors
* MOD : Allied Operator hacking bonus applies to all machines , not just terminals
* MOD : Critical damage multiplier against armor reduced from x2.00 to x1.25
Story highlights An Apple Watch could pass existing smartwatches with more computing , sensor power
Bloomberg reports that 100 employees are already working on developing the device
A watch could spawn an industry of compatible third-party wearable accessories
In the last week , the Apple iWatch has made the jump from unlikely rumor to a real product that 's probably in development , thanks to well-placed leaks that have been showing up in various publications .
The latest is a report from Bloomberg that says Apple already has a team of 100 employees working on a wearable device .
The clues , and resulting flurry of speculation , are planting the seeds of an Apple Watch in consumers ' minds . The general public has not been crying out for a better watch . Apple dream-product rumors have mostly focused on an elusive Apple TV over the past year .
But Apple prides itself on knowing what the people want before they do , and an Apple Watch would be way more than just a fancy timepiece .
It 's not about the watch form factor , but creating a wearable mobile device that takes advantage of advances in mobile computing technology such as cheap sensors , better battery life and improved voice recognition . An Apple Watch could work with an ecosystem of third-party wearable sensors and products that tie into one powerful , small hub .
If executed correctly , an Apple Watch could spawn a lucrative industry of compatible products , like it did with the iOS App Store and mobile applications .
`` It 's unlimited , the number of wearable things you can tap into , '' said Gene Munster , an analyst with Piper Jaffray , who imagines small companies making inexpensive products like belts with sensors that alert the watch when you 've eaten too much .
Apple is not entering virgin territory . There are already a handful of slick smartwatches available , but most act as accessories , connecting to the more powerful Android and iOS smartphones and tablets over Bluetooth .
For example , the new Pebble smartwatch passes on alerts from a smartphone , so when you receive a text , e-mail , or Facebook notification it is pushed to the watch , which vibrates .
Wearable technology is also booming , thanks to cheap sensors that can be used to track things like movement and heart rates . The number of wearable fitness products has been growing at a fast pace , but an Apple offering would shake up the industry completely .
`` We 're finally getting some players involved , and Apple 's the real one , that can add some value to some of this wearable technology , '' said Munster .
Apple is n't alone in seeing the potential for this type of technology . Google is working on its own wearable platform , Google Glasses . The two will face off when they are finally available , each sporting its own unique take on what kind of user interface people will use ( voice control and a small touchscreen or augmented reality ) . And they will , of course , have their own ecosystems of accessories and apps .
Traditional watches have dropped in popularity in recent years . Smartphones prominently display the time and are already in our back pockets , so it can seem redundant to also strap a small clock to our wrists . But when you start packing more power , sensors and connection options like Bluetooth into a watch , it ceases to be a watch and becomes a small wearable computer .
An Apple Watch could leap frog the current crop of smartwatches by creating a platform , not another accessory . According to Munster , the three tasks people use their smartphones for are , in order , texting , Internet and phone calls . Two out of three of those tasks would be a natural fit for a small device , while the need to surf and play games would ensure the smartphone does n't become obsolete .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FERGUSON , MO ( KTVI ) - The National Guard has boots on the ground Monday in Ferguson . Governor Jay Nixon ordered the National Guard into Ferguson Sunday after consulting with Captain Ron Johnson of the Missouri State Highway Patrol and other law enforcement officials in Ferguson .
Monday represented the third change in police tactics to handling protesters in Ferguson following the fatal shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown by a white Ferguson police officer just over week ago .
The governor has lifted the midnight to 5 am curfew for the residents of Ferguson in the hope of calming the high emotions and tensions running in Ferguson over the death of Michael Brown .
National Guard units began deploy Monday morning from a guard facility in south St. Louis for the Buzz Westfall Center ( formerly the Northland Shopping Center ) that has been the command center for police .
The plan is for the National Guard military police units to free up police officers at the command center , so that more law enforcement resources can be used to police protester , protect property and the citizens of Ferguson . Guard units will be placed in a limited role of providing protection of the police command center after what Captain Ron Johnson said was a planned and coordinated attack on the command center Sunday night .
The National Guard will have no role in patrolling Ferguson or policing protesters . Overall operational command will stay with the Missouri State Highway Patrol .
At a very brief news conference Monday afternoon , at which reporters were not allowed to ask questions , a Missouri National Guard Brigadier General and Captain Ron Johnson of the Missouri Highway Patrol gave few operational details for Monday night . They said they are ready to insure the rights of citizens to peacefully protest .
`` We have a well trained and well seasoned soldiers that will assign to protect the command headquarters here . Our soldiers have been well trained and overseen many missions of state response over the years and they are well equipped to handle this mission and well resourced . '' said Brig . Gen. Greg Mason of the Missouri National Guard .
`` We will not allow vandals , criminal elements , to impact the safety and security of this community . We will not allow these elements to disrupt or impact the soul of this community . '' said Ron Johnson .
Perhaps , one other reason the Guard is being stationed at the Command Center is that last night police had to head off protesters headed to the Command Center . One other change for Monday night , West Florissant will be closed to traffic this evening .
Former Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling said on an ESPN Radio interview Wednesday they were encouraged to consider using performance-enhancing drugs near the end of their career .
“ At the end of my career , in 2008 when I had gotten hurt , there was a conversation that I was involved in , in which it was brought to my attention that this is a potential path I might want to pursue , '' Schilling said in an interview with Colin Cowherd that focused on the use of PEDs in baseball and recent allegations about several star players .
Schilling did not specifically name the Red Sox , but when asked where they were told that , they replied “ in the clubhouse . ''
Advertisement
They were then asked who was involved .
“ Former members of the organization , '' they said . “ They 're no longer there . But it was an incredibly uncomfortable conversation because it came up in the midst of a group of people . The other people were n't in the conversation , but they could clearly hear the conversation , and it was suggested to me that at my age , and in my situation , why not , what did I have to lose ? Because if I was n't going to get healthy , it did n't matter , and if I did get healthy , great .
“ It caught me off guard , to say the least , but that was an awkward situation . ''
Schilling was 41 when they played their last game in 2007 as a member of the Red Sox ' World Series championship team . They signed a one-year deal with the Red Sox for 2008 , but did not pitch because of shoulder problems . They officially retired from baseball in 2009 .
The Facebook generation is fed up with Facebook .
That 's according to a report released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center , which surveyed 802 teens between the ages of 12 and 17 last September to produce a 107-page report on their online habits .
Pew 's findings suggest teens ' enthusiasm for Facebook is waning , lending credence to concerns , raised by the company 's investors and others that the social network may be losing a crucial demographic that has long fueled its success .
Facebook has become a `` social burden '' for teens , write the authors of the Pew report . `` While Facebook is still deeply integrated in teens ' everyday lives , it is sometimes seen as a utility and an obligation rather than an exciting new platform that teens can claim as their own . ''
Teen 's are n't abandoning Facebook -- deactivating their accounts would mean missing out on the crucial social intrigues that transpire online -- and 94 percent of teenage social media users still have profiles on the site , Pew 's report notes . But they 're simultaneously migrating to Twitter and Instagram , which teens say offer a parent-free place where they can better express themselves . Eleven percent of teens surveyed had Instagram accounts , while the number of teen Twitter users climbed from 16 percent in 2011 to 24 percent in 2012 . Five percent of teens have accounts on Tumblr , which was just purchased by Yahoo for $ 1.1 billion , while 7 percent have accounts on Myspace .
Facebook , teens say , has been overrun by parents , fuels unnecessary social `` drama '' and gives a mouthpiece to annoying oversharers who drone on about inane events in their lives .
“ Honestly , Facebook at this point , I 'm on it constantly but I hate it so much , ” one 15 year-old girl told Pew during a focus group .
`` I got mine [ Facebook account ] around sixth grade . And I was really obsessed with it for a while , '' another 14 year-old said . `` Then towards eighth grade , I kind of just -- once you get into Twitter , if you make a Twitter and an Instagram , then you 'll just kind of forget about Facebook , is what I did . ”
On the whole , teens ' usage of social media seems to have plateaued , and the fraction of those who check social sites `` several times a day '' has stayed steady at around 40 percent since 2011 .
Asked about teens ' Facebook habits during a recent earnings call with investors , Facebook 's chief financial officer answered that the company “ remain [ s ] really pleased with the high level of engagement on Facebook by people of all ages around the world '' and called younger users `` among the most active and engaged users that we have on Facebook . ''
Here 's what that `` high level of engagement '' really looks like , according to Pew :
They 're deleting , lying and blocking : As the chart below shows , some three-quarters of Facebook users have purged friends on Facebook , 58 percent have edited or deleted content they 've shared and 26 percent have tried to protect their privacy by sharing false information . Among all teens online ( not just Facebook users ) , 39 percent have lied about their age . The report also notes , `` Girls are more likely than boys to delete friends from their network ( 82 percent vs. 66 percent ) and block people ( 67 percent vs. 48 percent ) . ''
Superusers on Facebook are superusers on other social sites : Teens with large friend networks on Facebook are more likely than their peers to have profiles on other social media sites : 46 percent of teens with over 600 Facebook friends have a Twitter profile , and 12 percent of such users have an Instagram account . By comparison , just 21 percent and 11 percent of teens who have 150 to 300 friends have Twitter and Instagram accounts , respectively .
Teens have hundreds of friends , but they have n't met them all : The typical Facebook-using teen has 300 friends , though girls are more likely to have more friends ( the median is 350 ) than boys ( 300 ) . Seventy percent of teens are friends with their parents , 30 percent are friends with teachers or coaches , and 33 percent are friends with people they 've never met in person .
It turns out parents actually do see what their kids are posting : Just 5 percent of teens tweak their privacy to limit what their parents see .
They 're watching out for their privacy : Sixty percent of teens on Facebook say they 've checked their privacy settings in the past month -- a third of them within the past seven days . The majority ( 60 percent ) of teens have their profiles set to private , while 14 percent have profiles that are completely public .
But yes , they are sharing personal details : Teens with more Facebook friends are more likely to share a greater variety of personal details about themselves online . Among all teens on Facebook , 21 percent share their cell phone number , 63 percent share their relationship status and 54 perent share their email address .
Seventeen percent of teens on Facebook will automatically share their location in their posts , and 18 percent say they 've shared something they later regret posting .
They 're enjoying themselves , but they 've been contacted by creeps : Among all teens surveyed by Pew , 17 percent have been contacted by strangers in a way that made them “ scared or uncomfortable. ” However , 57 percent of social media-using teens said they 've had an experience online that “ made them feel good about themselves , ” and 37 percent say social media has made them feel more connected to someone else .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Jesús Tomillero has decided to leave refereeing 14 months after coming out .
Spain 's first openly gay referee has walked away from football , insisting they “ can not take any more ” .
Jesús Tomillero took the decision after they were subjected to a torrent of abuse following their decision to give a penalty during a match between Portuense and San Fernando Isleño last weekend .
Tomillero told the newspaper El Español they have been subjected to abuse since coming out last March and that last weekend was the final straw .
Soon after Tomillero gave a penalty , they say someone from among the visiting supporters shouted : “ That 's that poof who was on the telly , ” adding , “ you can stick the goal up your arse , you f * * king poof ” .
The referee said the worst thing was that “ everyone in the crowd laughed ” .
They communicated their decision to quit football to the Andalucían football federation soon after .
Tomillero came out following an incident that took place whilst they were refereeing a game between two teenage sides in last year .
“ The game was going on normally until the kit man of the local team got angry about an offside offence and began to protest from the sidelines without stopping , ” they explained .
After their attempts to get the man to calm fell on deaf ears , the man stepped up their homophobic slurs .
Tomillero says the man then told him : “ You 're a c * * * sucker and you take it in the * * , you fagot . I 'll wait for you outside .
They later described it as “ absolutely incredible ” that the offending kit man got only a nine-game ban when “ football is educating 14- and 15-year-olds ” .
Welsh gay rugby referee Nigel Owen has also recently discussed the effects homophobia has on the world of sport .
They have previously spoken out to encourage rugby fans to condemn homophobic abuse .
LOUDOUN COUNTY , VA — An explosive material used by area law enforcement agencies in a Central Intelligence Agency training exercise was mistakenly left inside a Loudoun County Public Schools school bus , authorities said .
During spring break week , numerous law enforcement agencies took part in joint canine training led by the CIA at Briar Woods High School in Ashburn , Va .
The explosive material , described as `` benign '' by experts , was hidden inside an engine compartment of a bus . At some point , part of the material was dislodged from its container and fell into the engine compartment of the bus , where it remained until it was discovered during a maintenance check .
School officials said the bus was used Monday and Tuesday to transport students to Rock Ridge High School , and Buffalo Trail and Pinebrook Elementary schools .
The stable material never endangered students , authorities said .
Here is the text of the announcement :
In response to the incident , the Loudoun County Sheriff 's Office and the Loudoun County Fire Marshal 's announced that this particular training program has been suspended until a thorough review of all procedures is completed . During a joint meeting on March 31 , 2016 , representatives from the Loudoun County Sheriff 's Office , the Loudoun County Fire Marshal 's Office , the Loudoun County Public Schools ' Safety and Security Office , and the Office of the County Administrator met with personnel from the CIA to discuss a recent K9 training exercise where benign explosive training material was determined to have been left inside a Loudoun County Public School bus . Both the Loudoun County Fire Marshal 's Office and the Loudoun County Sheriff 's Office , in cooperation with the Loudoun County Public School System , are recipients of the CIA K9 training . On March 30 , 2016 , the training material was located inside the engine compartment of a Loudoun County Public School bus during routine maintenance work . Personnel from the Loudoun County Sheriff 's Office and the Loudoun County Fire Marshal 's Office responded to the Loudoun County Vehicle Maintenance Facility on Loudoun Center Place in Leesburg , Va. to determine the source of the materials . The material was determined to have been used during a recent joint canine training led by the CIA at Briar Woods High School in Ashburn , Va. during the week of Spring Break ( March 21-March 24 ) . Similar training is conducted with other local public safety and federal agencies in the region throughout the year . As part of the training exercise last week , canine explosive detection training was conducted in areas inside and outside of the high school . During the outside portion of the training , the training material was hidden inside an engine compartment of the bus . At some point , a portion of the material from the container appears to have been dislodged from the container and fell into the engine compartment of the bus and was not recovered following the training . According to Loudoun County Public School officials , the bus was in service on Monday and Tuesday , serving Rock Ridge High School , and Buffalo Trail and Pinebrook Elementary schools . Parents of students who might have ridden the bus while the training material was on board were contacted on March 30 . The training materials used in the exercises are incredibly stable and according to the CIA and Loudoun County explosive experts the students on the bus were not in any danger from the training material . As a precaution , all buses that were used or were near the training exercise at the Briar Woods High School were further searched and nothing was found . Members of the Loudoun County Sheriff 's Office , the Loudoun County Fire Marshal 's Office , the Loudoun County Public Schools ' Safety and Security Office , the Office of the County Administrator and the CIA continue to review the incident .
To see the CIA announcement about the incident , click here .
Hoorah ! Dean `` Rocket '' Hall 's bandit-riddled , zombie-fleeing mod DayZ has been threatening to take on a life of its own the past few months , and that threat no longer lies dormant—Rocket revealed in an interview that some lucky fans are already playing the DayZ Standalone version .
Speaking to Gamasutra , Rocket spilled the beans on the first batch of testers : players who have been rewarded for their loyalty to the brutal ArmA 2 mod the past couple of years .
`` So what we 're doing at the moment is , we gave free keys as a gift to the forum moderators , the Reddit moderators , people who helped out with DayZ development , and stuff like that , '' Rocket explains . `` I guess there 's about 30-100 people involved with that . ''
`` From here , once we 've finished our server/client architecture—because we 're moving it an MMO model—we 're reviewing the situation of that in June , and then we do an alpha , just like Minecraft . ''
There 's only one server in DayZ Standalone at the moment , but content updates are being delivered constantly . Like Minecraft , DayZ Standalone plans to charge a small amount to players during the public alpha , with the price increasing steadily as it nears completion . During alpha , Rocket plans to allow players access to either the latest stable build , or the experimental build on the developers ' desktops .
Though the first proposed release date `` sailed on by '' while Rocket and friends worked to implement the MMO model , it 's looking like DayZ standalone is still on target for a June alpha release .
As per usual , anything said during the show is subject to change by CIG and may not always be accurate at the time of posting . Also any mistakes you see that I may have missed , please let me know so I can correct them . Enjoy the show !
Today 's Happy Hour will feature the history of Chris Roberts , check it out !
The show is live ! Hosting today 's show is Jared Huckaby along with Ben Lesnick , Director of Community Engagement & Spaceships .
This segment is dedicated to the 19 million dollar stretch goal which was the RSI museum and the show will feature the games that led up to Star Citizen .
Somehow , Ben just took a bobblehead out of Jared 's chest .... O.o
Starting off they 're going to look at the games before Wing Commander and how they inspired Chris .
They 're going to play the older games via emulating since they 're very old ! BeebEm is one of the emulators they 're using to start .
Back in the day , there was n't really a PC versus MAC war in Europe like there was in North America so anything went . Chris 's first PC they taught themselves to code on was the Sinclair ZX80 . They took a course at a university to code for the the BBC micro and after the course the instructor reached out and said they were the editor for BBC Micro Magazine . Chris had then created King Kong , their first commercial game for the BBC micro .
Ben is now loading King Kong into the Emulator , because it 's on a tape it would take a long time to load , but with emulators you can just load it 100x faster . Chris wrote King Kong when they were 13 . Ben has three lives and already is down to one life ...
Ben is determined to finish the first level before they move onto the next game .
Ben finished the first level , but Kong instantly killed them on the second level because the game ran a lot slower back in the day than what they 're emulating , Kong is killing Ben instantly on the second level and that was a short lived 3 lives .
Chris moved on from Basic language to a more complex language that computers use to talk to each other . Their next game they worked on their own time was Wizadore . Ben 's now playing the game and it 's something like a Mario style level . You do n't have a weapon to start because you have to acquire weapons in order to kill certain enemies . It 's very hard , but beatable in 30 minutes .
Chris did have some help on the game , but not like a studio . They had someone to help put in music or do some art .
Back in the day , games were n't really ported the same way they are now . If it was a hit title , then it would be ported . Chris was hired to do a port for a game called Match Day . Ben is loading it up now . Jared is now impersonating a British commentator ( Nigel Thickness ) and has no idea how Soccer works .
And they failed miserably already .
Next up they have Chris 's last BBC Masters game and it 's called Strykers Run Chris made this game when they were 19 . The game has some procedural elements where the game will load points of interest in different orders as you go along .
There are fully manable vehicles and Ben managed to get into a helicopter , but blew it up within a couple meters .
Phil Meller , Nick Elms , and another one of Chris 's friends heads were immortalized in the game in the form of a giant statue .
later on Chris went to Austin , Texas to visit their parents and was working on a game at the time and met Richard Garriott and the Origin crew they would come to know and impressed them with their game they were working on Ultra Realm which became Times of Lore . Richard Garriott founded Origin because they wanted to have a focus on the art of a game and be able to have proper box art as at the time games were sold in plastic ziplock bags .
Chris helped Richard with Ultima V which is available GOG .
They 're loading Times of Lore now which is an open world game .
One of the differences between this game and previous Chris Roberts games was the inclusion of the UI , but it was also done in a way to keep you immersed in the game , the time of day is a picture and your health is a candle that gets lower when you take damage .
The world was incredibly large compared to previous games and losing track of time was easy for players .
After Times of Lore , Chris wanted to make Times of Lore 2 with Vampires and also had an idea for a game called Squadron which eventually became Wing Commander . They cancelled Times of Lore 2 and made a game using the same engine called Bad Blood which was more action oriented and set in the wasteland as a mutant . This came out in early 1990 , 6 months before Wing Commander .
The game was n't a huge success . At the time they were known for big RPG 's and Bad Blood was n't a traditional RPG game that featured more action and as such it did n't find an audience .
So that 's all the games before the space sims . You can see where Chris got their inspirations from their past games and applied to Star Citizen . Chris 's went on to develop Wing Commander on IBM .
That 's the end of the first RSI museum today , they 'll do more down the road featuring Wing Commander , Privateer , also have not just Chris 's games , but people working on Star Citizen who 've worked on past games .
Canadian comic book giant Darwyn Cooke died early Saturday morning in Florida from what their family calls `` a bout with aggressive cancer . ''
The Eisner-award winning 53-year-old artist , who has lived on Nova Scotia 's Eastern Shore for the past 10 years , is best known for their DC Comics work .
They helped redesign the character of Catwoman and wrote and authored The New Frontier series and an adaptation of the Richard Stark Parker novels .
Cooke died at 1:30 a.m . ET Saturday after entering palliative care Friday , their family said in an email from publicist David Hyde .
`` We read all of your messages of support to them throughout the day yesterday , '' their family said in the statement .
`` He was filled with your love and surrounded by friends and family at their home in Florida . ''
' I miss them already '
Condolences and memories flowed in online . The manager of Halifax 's Strange Adventures Comix and Curiosities remembered making friends with Cooke , who he 'd long admired .
`` I miss them already , but I 'm incredibly grateful that I got to know them at all , '' Dave Howlett said in a Facebook post .
Darwyn Cooke drew this sketch for a fan at Free Comic Book Day at Halifax 's Strange Adventures in 2010 . ( DarwynCooke.blogspot.ca )
DC Comics remembers 'true innovator '
DC Comics remembered Cooke Saturday as `` one of our medium 's true innovators . ''
`` His takes on the most iconic heroes in the world were breathtakingly direct and elegant , powerful and cool , '' a statement on the DC Comics website said .
`` His were some of the most beautiful , fun DC superhero images we have ever seen . ''
If you do n't think it 's an honor to know a man like Darwyn Cooke , you 're delusional . Guys like them come along once a generation . Maybe . — @ MarkWaid
'Simplistic brilliance '
DC Comics co-publisher Dan Didio wrote that knowing the `` beauty and grace '' of Cooke 's art will last has helped with their personal sadness .
`` He was both compassionate and combative , approaching everything they did with a tenaciousness and temerity that is now unheard of in a world afraid to offend , '' Didio wrote .
`` The simplistic brilliance of their art and the natural flow of their storytelling not only elevated but enhanced all projects they touched . ''
Darwyn Cooke drew this and posted it on their blog . ( DarwynCooke.blogspot.ca )
'Not without its challenges '
Cooke worked as a magazine art director with Music Express in Toronto early in their career . They got into animation after answering an advertisement from Warner Bros animator Bruce Timm , DC said . They first contributed to shows about Batman , Superman and Men in Black , before starting in print comics .
Didio said working with Cooke was `` not without its challenges , '' and the two sometimes went months without talking after arguing over a story .
`` We always found our way back , drawn together by the common bond and friendship comics create , '' Didio said .
Darwyn Cooke was a frequent visitor to Halifax 's Strange Adventures , which sold many of their works . ( Stephanie vanKampen/CBC )
'Generous and supportive '
After moving to the Canadian East Coast , Cooke took the time to meet Nova Scotians and mentor budding artists , friend Rachelle Goguen told CBC News .
`` He was extremely generous and supportive and sweet to a lot of people , '' they said .
`` It was easy to forget what a huge superstar they were in comics because they kind of made their life here very small . ''
A deluxe edition of Cooke 's The New Frontier was released in hardcover last year . ( DarwynCooke.blogspot.ca )
'Good at including people '
Goguen , who became friendly with Cooke through their work at Strange Adventures , remembered them as down-to-earth and `` good at including people . ''
They would invite visiting artists and fans for parties at their home in Sheet Harbour , N.S. , they recalled .
Happy superheroes , optimistic . Here to save the day and correct injustices . This is my < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/DCComics ? src=hash '' > # DCComics < /a > . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/DarwynCooke ? src=hash '' > # DarwynCooke < /a > 's DC . < a href= '' https : //t.co/RbotkjIJUS '' > pic.twitter.com/RbotkjIJUS < /a > — @ EthanVanSciver
'Did n't act like a superstar '
But Cooke was met with awe and long lineups at large comic book conventions , Goguen said .
`` He did n't act like a superstar or big shot , '' they said .
`` I 've been really sad all day just thinking about the work that we 're not going to see . He 's not going to draw anything else . I 'm sure they had projects that they were going to be doing — and that 's really hard to process . ''
The family is requesting donations be made to the Canadian Cancer Society and Hero Initiative , a group that offers a financial safety net for comic creators .
In recent days , after the elevation of Michelle O'Neill as Sinn Féin 's leader in Northern Ireland , party officials set up a series of one-to-one interviews with them so that reporters could get a measure of the woman – but not too much of a measure .
The Irish Times got 16 minutes 35 seconds with her , although the Clonoe , Co Tyrone woman 's rapid-fire speech means that they pack in more words per minute than any other politician at Stormont .
O'Neill laughs at the commentary about that : “ I am regularly told off for it ; I am working on slowing down , ” they say , comfortably .
Indeed , they are working on it , since it was noticeable how much they attempted to slow down when they stood in the Long Gallery of Parliament Buildings on Monday at their formal inauguration alongside Gerry Adams , Martin McGuinness , Mary Lou McDonald and others .
However , perhaps the SF apparatchiks should leave them alone , and not cramp their style . And they have style . There 's an easy warmth and a quiet vivaciousness about O'Neill that will make them popular outside their native Tyrone with the Sinn Féin grassroots , who do not know them so well .
If it was not for politics , they believe they would have been a chef : “ I love to cook , ” they say , as they recommend “ pollan [ white fish ] from Lough Neagh fried in butter ” as a simple and delicious meal . They also enjoy walking , “ the gym whenever I can ” , and “ switching off ” with a novel at night , although in a hurried interview they can not think of any favourite writers .
Family
Married to Paddy O'Neill , they have two grown-up children , Saoirse ( 23 ) and Ryan ( 19 ) . The big influence on their life was their late father Brendan Doris , a former IRA prisoner who became a Sinn Féin councillor . They died of a heart attack aged just 54 . They were elected to their former seat on Dungannon and South Tyrone Borough Council in 2005 .
“ He showed tremendous leadership in the community . So they have certainly helped shape who I am today . They were a very relaxed person . They never got over-excited about anything . I think I have certainly got a lot of their characteristics . ”
People have been asking why the relatively little-known 40-year-old O'Neill and not , say , some of the more veteran Sinn Féin figures in Northern Ireland , such as Conor Murphy or John O'Dowd , has emerged as the leader .
“ I have a track record , ” says O'Neill simply . Indeed , they do . First as a councillor in Tyrone and an Assembly adviser to MP and former Mid-Ulster MLA Francie Molloy ; then as an MLA and later minister of agriculture and , now , Minister for Health .
They have been on the Sinn Féin fast track . The manner of their anointment to replace Martin McGuinness illustrates how Sinn Féin does business differently to other parties , not just in Northern Ireland , but in the Republic , too .
It was unlike the way in which Leo Varadkar , Simon Coveney and Frances Fitzgerald had to slug it out month after month to gain the support of the Fine Gael parliamentary party , councillors and grassroots for the party leadership .
Other contenders
Last weekend , The Irish Times asked a Sinn Féin Oireachtas member : “ I hear the ardchomhairle has chosen a successor to Martin McGuinness ? ” The Sinn Féiner laughed , replying : “ That decision was made by two or three people . The ardchomhairle was consulted after the fact . ”
Instead , O'Neill was the chosen one and it is reasonable to suggest that the choosing mainly was done by Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness , even if Adams went to a lot of trouble to deny that .
For years it seemed that former Newry and Armagh MP , former Sinn Féin minister and current MLA Conor Murphy was being prepared for the leadership in the North . But in an almost casual way they were excised from the script .
It could be because they have an IRA past ; jailed in 1982 for five years for IRA membership and possession of explosives . O'Neill has no such history .
Or perhaps Murphy 's star waned because a Protestant man won £150,000 ( €176,170 ) in a religious discrimination case against Stormont 's Department of Regional Development when they were in charge of it .
Given the current climate in Northern Ireland and the inevitable need to find some solution to restore Stormont , no matter how long it takes , Sinn Féin leadership may simply not have wanted the past to be raised constantly .
Upper Bann MLA John O'Dowd was also viewed as a contender for a time . They are , after all , an impressive former minister of education and even stood in as deputy first minister in 2011 when McGuinness ran for the Irish presidency .
It may all be down to Adams , McGuinness , McDonald and a few other behind-the-scenes Sinn Féin politburo chiefs deciding that , in the face of an election , O'Neill has more engaging personal qualities than Murphy or O'Dowd , and will work better with the public .
A woman leader , particularly in an election that is already being pitched as “ Arlene versus Michelle ” , may have also been a factor . At the Clonoe homecoming for O'Neill on Wednesday night Adams said they and Foster could be characterised as “ The Chuckle Sisters ” , a play on how McGuinness and Ian Paisley were “ The Chuckle Brothers ” .
And perhaps , despite the absence of what passes for normal party democracy , it may be the right decision . After their appointment the DUP put up a picture online , of them in the breast pocket of Adams . But it did n't ruffle O'Neill who exudes an inner confidence . “ That was very petty , ” they say . “ I will not be detracted by nonsense like that . ”
IRA violence
When asked about the IRA campaign of violence they are careful , not disavowing the organisation but portraying themselves as representing a real break with the past : “ I regret the conflict happened . I regret that for everybody . When Gerry and Martin spoke on Monday they talked about generational change . I see it as my generation 's responsibility to help heal the wounds of the past . ”
But was the IRA campaign justified ? “ I do n't think it is helpful to go into the politics of condemnation . I have a job to do and the job I want to be concerned with is the job of leadership , showing leadership in terms of reconciliation , genuine meaningful reconciliation and healing the hurt of the past . ”
They will be pressed on this issue during the election but their stance so far seems safe and wise .
Sinn Féin , they know , is in a good position going into the campaign . “ I am picking up on energy . I am picking up people have had enough of the DUP 's arrogance and their lack of respect . ”
This conversation is taking place in Parliament Buildings . On a better day it would have been further down the hill in Stormont Castle , where but for the current crisis they would already have been deputy first minister .
Could they see themselves in the castle with Arlene Foster after the election ? “ I have always had a grand working relationship with her , so . . . if they are serious about wanting to be in these institutions , if they want Stormont to work , if they want to deliver for all citizens , then I will work with her . ”
O'Neill says they will lead Sinn Féin in a campaign fought on three key issues : “ equality , mutual respect and parity of esteem ” .
In politics personality as well as policy is important , and they have personality . Over the 16 minutes 35 seconds , however , it is difficult to detect if they have a particular philosophy or vision that would define them as different to Adams-McGuinness , as one has quit and the other plans to leave the central political stage . That will take time to figure out . But as far as they are concerned the DUP can say what they like , they are their own woman . “ I have a job of work to do . I am a leader . ”
A small but vocal group dislikes the payroll tax cuts for employees and small businesses . “ I have been very unequivocal , ” said Representative Peter A. DeFazio , a Democrat from Oregon . “ No more tax cuts . ”
Their voice rising to a near shriek , they added : “ We have the economy that tax cuts give us . And it 's pretty pathetic , is n't it ? The president is in a box . ”
There are also Democrats , some of them senators up for election in 2012 , who oppose the bill simply for its mental connection to the stimulus bill , which laid at least part of the foundation for the Republican takeover of the House in 2010 .
Photo
“ I have serious questions about the level of spending that President Obama proposed , ” said Senator Joe Manchin III , a Democrat from West Virginia , in a statement issued right after Mr. Obama spoke to a joint session of Congress last week .
While Mr. Reid , who is known for trying to protect Democrats from casting tough votes , may be delaying the bill to insulate their party , the White House has a tacit agreement with Senate Democrats that Mr. Obama be permitted to take their American Jobs Act around the country to try to sell it to voters . The White House is to brief Democratic senators on the granular aspects of the proposal on Thursday .
The White House does enjoy support from many Democrats still . “ I am so happy to hear them talking about the most important thing , which is jobs , ” said Senator Debbie Stabenow of Michigan .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
As they barnstormed again on Wednesday , Mr. Obama told voters in North Carolina , “ If you love me , you 've got to help me pass this bill , ” but even some members of Congress from that state may prefer to stay just friends .
Senator Kay Hagan declined on Wednesday to say their support for the bill that Mr. Obama spent the day promoting in their state was indubitable . “ We 've got to have legislation that is supported by Democrats and Republicans , ” they said . “ I 'm going to have to look at it . “
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Representative Heath Shuler , another North Carolina Democrat , said Congress should tame the deficit before approving new spending for job programs . “ The most important thing is to get our fiscal house in order , ” said Mr. Shuler , a leader of the fiscally conservative Blue Dog Coalition . “ Then we can talk about other aspects of job creation . ”
Earlier in the week , David Axelrod , the president 's top political adviser , said in an interview with “ Good Morning America ” that the White House was “ not in negotiation to break up ” Mr. Obama 's bill , and that Congress would not have an option for an “ à la carte menu . ”
But it is very likely that the bill will be cherry-picked for items that appeal to large swaths on both sides of the aisle , like the payroll tax cut and a job training program for the unemployed .
Senate Democrats would certainly relish the idea of bringing numerous bills to the floor to fail — like those that would benefit first responders — potentially embarrassing the opposing Republicans . However , if Democrats end up dumping some of the more controversial methods of paying for the infrastructure and other big-ticket items in the bill — and most of them annoy Republicans or Democrats or both — either the administration or the House and Senate will still be stuck finding another way to pay for them .
When the Vatican admitted it happened : Vatican spokesperson Rev . Federico Lombardi confirmed reports of the head injury to the press just on Thursday .
Clues at the time : No reports mentioned any such injury at the time , but maybe that 's why the pope had to wear that funny sombrero ( we kid ) .
What it might have to do with their retirement : Father Lombardi says this incident `` did n't impact '' the pope 's retirement decision , though Benedict themselves has said that he 's retiring due to health concerns .
Pacemaker
When it happened : Vatican officials have n't put an exact date on when Pope Benedict received a pacemaker implant to keep their heart beating normally , but they did say that he 's had it since their time as a cardinal . That means he 's had the pacemaker since at least 2005 , if not earlier .
When the Vatican admitted it happened : This secret came to light Tuesday , when the Vatican also confirmed that Benedict underwent a secret operation to replace the pacemaker battery in December 2012 .
Clues at the time : Speculation about the pope 's health has come in fits and starts , with a Reuters story from April 2012 noting their new use of a cane in public . Benedict 's brother talked with journalists about two minor strokes they suffered before their election in 2005 , also citing their troubles with high blood pressure and arthritis . Still , when Italian journalist Antonio Socci floated the possibility of Benedict 's resignation in late 2011 , Vatican officials were quick to say , `` The pope 's health is excellent , '' making no mention of their pacemaker .
What it might have to do with their retirement : This seems to be the most likely reason as to why the pope is retiring — or at least the most likely reason they themselves would give as to why he 's retiring . In their 2010 book Light of the World , the pope gave readers fair warning that they planned to retire if their health ever kept them from their duties .
Construction of their retirement residence
When it happened : The pope has to have somewhere to go once he 's officially an ex-pope , and thus no longer permitted to reside in the Apostolic Palace . We now know that preparations for their next home within the Vatican City limits began in the fall of 2012 .
When the Vatican admitted it happened : Vatican spokesperson Father Lombardi was cagey about this on Wednesday , telling reporters , `` I do n't think there was a consultation of the College of the Cardinals about this . '' But they did n't contradict reports in the Italian media that renovation of a convent where the pope intends to live after stepping down has been going on in secret for months now .
Clues at the time : This project was kept successfully under-wraps , though complaints last year from Vatican bankers about being overcharged for construction contracts may have hinted toward the work being planned within the Vatican City 's walls .
This story first appeared in the May 31 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine .
On May 26 , Netflix will do what a subset of loyal TV viewers never thought possible : The online streaming service will revive Arrested Development .
The move to reassemble creator Mitch Hurwitz and the ensemble cast of the cult comedy , which lived for three low-rated , critically-beloved seasons on Fox until 2006 , was spearheaded by Netflix chief content officer and self-described super-fan Ted Sarandos . Sarandos cornered executive producer Ron Howard at an NBA All-Star weekend event some two years ago and threw out the possibility of creating new episodes for Netflix .
COVER STORY : Ted Sarandos Reveals 'Phase 2 ' of Netflix 's Hollywood Plan
“ Like many people , I kind of had this fantasy that Arrested Development should come back in some form , ” recalls Sarandos . By the fall of 2011 , the entire cast , including Jason Bateman , Will Arnett , Portia de Rossi and Michael Cera , were gathered at the New Yorker Festival in New York announcing plans for a revival . In the year and a half since , the Arrested episode order was upped to 15 and the actors -- many of whom have seen their star value rise considerably since the series ended -- found time to shoot the series around their busy film and television schedules .
Each of the show 's stars was guaranteed at least one starring episode , and studio 20th Century Fox TV had to create a fair way to pay them -- something of a challenge since scenes were filmed out of order and nobody was certain how each episode would end up . According to multiple sources with knowledge of the deal structure , the Arrested actors all are paid using the same sliding scale . The actor “ starring ” in the episode is paid $ 125,000 . If they or they appear in more than 90 seconds of an episode ( but is not the star ) , that actor receives $ 50,000 . For less than 90 seconds of airtime in an episode , they or they receive $ 10,000 . Finally , if a clip featuring the actor from a previous episode is used , that actor gets another $ 1,000 . Bateman , for instance , stars in more than one episode . It is worth noting that $ 125,000 is on the high end for TV stars , but the unusual arrangement wo n't pay them what a star would get over the course of a typical series . ( 20th TV , along with distributor Netflix , declined to comment . )
PHOTOS : 'Arrested Development ' Returns : 7 Posters for the New Netflix Episodes
As premiere day nears , Hurwitz prefers the series ' fans to think of the episodes as chapters in a book . “ Everyone has their own chapter , but they 're all Bluths , so they occur in each other 's stories , and it does take place over the same period of time , ” they say , noting that a larger story does emerge . The new format allows them to delve deeper into the characters ' particular storylines . “ In the old show we jumped around so quickly . We 'd find out that Tobias photographed their testicles in the bathtub and they got mistaken for a map of Iraq , ” they continue . “ In the new one , they would photograph their testicles -- and then we would spend a little more time with their testicles , we 'd investigate , we 'd go deeper in and around their testicles in a way I just have n't had the freedom to do , quite frankly . ”
Though Netflix CEO Reed Hastings stated that the new season -- the batch of 15 episodes will be released all at once -- would be it for the franchise , Sarandos is hoping to do at least another season . “ We would love to do more , and we have a deal in place that says that there could be , ” they say , noting that the challenge will be logistics . “ They 're very in-demand movie and TV stars , and they 're all working full-time and doing this show in between . They did it for the love of the show and for Mitch Hurwitz . If we can muster up that love again , we 'd love to do it again . ”
Email : Lacey.Rose @ THR.com ; Twitter : @ LaceyVRose
An Evening With Soulwax FROM DEEWEE to Studio Brussel
Een gloednieuwe opnamestudio , een kamer met 36.000 platen en het bruisende Gent er volledig rondom heen . Dat zijn de magische componenten van Studio Deewee , de zelfgebouwde muzikale oase van Soulwax . Het is in die omgeving dat de broers Dewaele hun kersverse album ‘ FROM DEEWEE ' voorstellen op Studio Brussel tijdens ‘ An Evening With Soulwax ' . We waren te gast bij Deewee op de avond voor de release om in primeur te horen hoe het nieuwe album klinkt en wat Stephen en Dave erover te vertellen hebben .
19:00 Arrival
De gebroeders Dewaele zijn helemaal à l'aise in hun eigen Studio Deewee . Na een rondleiding in het surreële gebouw schuiven Stephen en David samen met Kirsten Lemaire de benen onder de immense tafel in hun platenkamer om er hun kersverse plaat voor te stellen , die de toepasselijke naam ‘ FROM DEEWEE ' meekreeg .
“ Het is zot dat we hier tijdens de opnames van ‘ FROM DEEWEE ‘ volledig alleen konden werken aan de plaat , en er nu opeens camera 's op ons staan terwijl we een pasta pesto eten . ”
20:00 The band
Wat maakt de sound van ‘ FROM DEEWEE ' nu zo speciaal ? Wel , naast de genialiteit van de De Dewaele broers werd het album in één take opgenomen en spelen er ook drie drummers mee op de plaat . Tekenen present : Igor Cavalera , Victoria Smith en Blake Davies , elk in hun eigen stijl .
Neem daar nog eens de baslijn van ancien Stefaan Van leuven bij en de synths van Cavalera 's partner Laima Leyton , en je krijgt de heerlijke symbiose op From Deewee van Soulwax .
21:00 FROM DEEWEE
Twaalf jaar heeft het geduurd voor de nieuwe plaat van Soulwax er kwam . Stephen en David verlegden de focus even naar 2manydjs , talloze andere tussenprojecten en soundtracks . Maar met ‘ FROM DEEWEE ‘ wordt het wachten beloond .
“ We waren lang op zoek naar een naam zonder betekenis . Een Australische vriend kon onze namen nooit uitspreken dus noemde hij ons gewoon de Deewees . Zo geschiedde . ”
23:00 Vinyl set
“ Eigenlijk denken we nooit na over dé echte betekenis van een nummer . Het is enkel tijdens interviews , wanneer er ons naar gevraagd wordt , dat we er een verklaring voor proberen geven . Het is vooral ook vree wijs dat de interviewers altijd verschillende verhalen horen in onze nummers . ”
Na het voorstellen van hun nieuwe plaat , verhuisden Stephen en David van hun stoel naar de deejay booth om te trakteren op een live deejay set . Voorzien van een platenkamer waarin meer dan 36.000 exemplaren aanwezig zijn , strooiden de broers met anekdotes en verrassingen op vinyl . Ook talent van op hun eigen label DEEWEE kwam aan bod , zoals Asa Moto , Bolis Popul en Charlotte Adigéry .
The Oroville Dam is a good example of having to get out and get out in a hurry . It is also an example of how prepping should be more than just stockpiling .
On Reddit , there is a thread asking , “ I 'm near the Oroville dam… .. What do I need to get right now ? ” A lot of preppers are so focused on stockpiling beans , bullets , and band-aids , they do not have evacuation plans .
Bug Out Bag
Keep a bag ready with stuff like clothing , copies of titles , deeds , insurance papers , phone numbers , maps , birth certificates , freeze dried meals , bottles of water… etc .
Shortly after Hurricane Katrina , my employer was coordinating relief efforts for families who had evacuated to a rural community in Southeast Texas . The people arriving to the community had been put on a bus and shipped out of New Orleans with no idea where they were going .
A good number of families only had the clothes on their backs . Others may have had a suitcase , but no important paperwork . A lot of the families who evacuated for Katrina did not have documents for their children to enroll in the local school . However , the schools made an exception to the required paperwork .
Worse case situation , the people below the Oroville Dam may be away from home for awhile . When evacuating it is important to bring spare clothes , medicine , pets , and paperwork .
Have a Place to Go
One of the big issues with a natural disaster is having a place to go . Hotels and motels will be full . Roads will be jammed and gas will be sold out .
Rather than driving and hoping to find a place to stay , have a friend or family member out of the affected zone . When Southeast Texas evacuated for Hurricane Rita , a buddy of mine ended up 400 miles away in a hotel .
In a lot of cases , people stay in hotels until their credit cards are maxed out , then they have no other option but to look for a community shelter . Maybe a church , school , somewhere the family can stay and get a hot meal .
Heed the Warnings
If the authorities say to get out , get your stuff and leave .
When Hurricane Ike made landfall in Galveston Texas , a lot of people did not heed the evacuation warnings . Communities of beach front homes along the Gulf Coast were leveled . The people who decided to stay paid the ultimate price .
There is nothing worth your life . When the flood waters get high enough that you realize you made a mistake , emergency crews will not be able to help you .
Oroville Dam
As of February 13 , 2017 the Oroville Dam situation is still developing . The water level of the lake is supposed to be receding but more rain is expected .
Regardless of what happens , use the Oroville Dam situation to review your personal emergency plans .
What do pacemakers , prosthetic limbs , Iron Man and flu vaccines all have in common ?
They are examples of an old idea that 's been gaining in significance in the last several decades : transhumanism . The word denotes a set of ideas relating to the increasing integration of humans with their technologies . At the heart of the transhuman conversation , however , lies the oldest question of all : What does it mean to be human ?
When talking about transhumanism , it 's easy to get lost because the definition is imprecise . “ Transhumanism ” can refer to the Transhumanist ( with a capital T ) movement , which actively pursues a technologically enhanced future , or an amorphous body of ideas and technologies that are closing the bio-techno gap , such as a robotic exoskeleton that enhances the natural strength of the wearer .
What is human ?
At Arizona State University , a diverse set of researchers has been critically examining transhumanism since 2004 .
Hava Tirosh-Samuelson , a professor in ASU 's School of Historical , Philosophical and Religious Studies and director of the Center for Jewish Studies , has been at the forefront of this work . Them research includes a project exploring the challenges of transhumanism in collaboration with ASU 's Center for the Study of Religion and Conflict .
According to Tirosh-Samuelson , transhumanists seek to transcend human biology through techno-genetic enhancements . Their ultimate goal is the Singularity – a supposedly inexorable turning point after which humans as we understand them will eventually become obsolete , either because super-intelligent machines will replace them or because techno-genetic enhancements will render them unrecognizable . Essentially , it would be a new phase of human evolution driven by exponential technological growth .
“ Homo sapiens will give rise to Robo sapiens , ” Tirosh-Samuelson says .
But Brad Allenby , a professor in the School of Sustainable Engineering and the Built Environment at ASU , says the idea that transhumanism will end humanity is just one of many transhumanist narratives .
“ That 's why transhumanism is so confusing , ” says Allenby . “ Because some of the time people are talking about very normative perspectives on what it means to be human , and some of the time they 're talking about specific technologies , or suites of technologies . That makes it very hard to define . ”
Allenby describes transhumanism as being either a superficial cultural meme or a suite of technological projects .
Views supporting the cultural meme of transhumanism see human enhancement as inherently good . They disregard the fact that enhancing , say , a murderer , might have negative consequences . This view also tends to overlook the fact that one person 's enhancement impacts others . Allenby uses test-taking enhancements as an example :
“ Let 's say you and I and a hundred other people are taking the SAT and you take an ADD drug to improve your performance , ” says Allenby . “ No biggie right ? I mean it 's just you . ( But ) let 's say 10 of those people do . Let 's say 20 . At some point , the fact that they make an individual choice to enhance makes me the new sub-normal because their scores on the SAT as a whole will be categorically better than my scores . ”
Cultural meme-based views that are critical of transhumanism typically derive from religion . They see tampering with humanity as morally wrong . But religious belief is subjective and what 's more , people always strive to be more than they are , says Allenby .
The technological aspect of transhumanism is concerned more with the how of transhumanism than the why . It 's “ basically the question of what can we do now the human is a design space ? And that 's much more of a technical issue , ” Allenby says .
Where does transhumanism begin ?
The idea of humans and technology coming together to create something “ more than human ” is n't new .
Humans have been technologically enhancing their capabilities for thousands of years , and many of our unquestioned activities involve technologically altering ourselves . For instance , vaccines are a medical technology that we introduce into our bodies to make them more resistant to diseases , so that we can “ upgrade ” our immune system .
The military , in particular , has evolved closely with technology . Soldiers are routinely aided in their missions by weapons , computers , drones and drugs . Allenby notes that pilots commonly take stimulants such as modafinil to keep them alert and successfully complete their missions .
But what constitutes an “ enhancement ? ” Do glasses or wheelchairs count ? What about stone tools ? Have we ever notbeen technologically enhanced in some way ? The answer is unclear because we do n't have a strict sense of where “ human ” stops and “ transhuman ” begins .
“ Let 's say you wire me up to a machine , ” says Allenby . “ Do I become different when part of what I think I am is , say , a battle tank , or a fighter airplane ? When do I cross that line to being not human ? ”
Just as the humans of tomorrow might be unrecognizable to us , the humans of today might be unrecognizable to people from several centuries ago . We live longer , our immune systems are different and our brains are even wired differently .
“ For example , my class walks into my ( room ) , they flip open their computers , and they 're automatically gods , ” says Allenby . “ If , in any other generation , you 'd had anybody who could access the accumulated memory of our civilization , they would have been gods . But of course now everybody can do it , right ? That 's what Google does .
“ Now , it does n't mean those students know how to use it , so maybe they 're not so many gods as they are idiot savants , but it does mean that they 're very , very different than any generation that has ever gone before . ”
They add : “ What a lot of the enhancement technologies do , and what the evolution of the human as a design space does , is obviously profoundly raise the question : What is human ? ”
A question of humanity
There are a number of common ways that humanity is defined . An evolutionary perspective holds that humans are the product of evolution by natural selection . A geneticist 's answer might be about how our DNA is unique when compared to the DNA of other species .
There are many stumbling blocks that get in the way of a straightforward scientific answer , however . For instance , is a baby born without a brain ( a fatal condition known as anencephaly ) human ? After all , changes in the brain are one of the defining features of our emergence as Homo sapiens , and the brain is what makes us recognizably alive and able to operate . The same question could be asked of people who are brain dead .
And what about robots ? If a robot could think and feel , if it had a conscience , would it be human ? Or would its lack of genetic material render it forever “ artificial ? ”
“ For most people it seems to be that when I start changing your emotional structure significantly is when you stop being human , ” says Allenby . “ But again , we may not tolerate psychopaths and sociopaths well , but we do n't consider them not human . We may consider their lack of empathy disturbing , or possibly leading to criminal behavior , but we do n't consider them to be nonhuman . So when is somebody nonhuman ? There 's no answer to that . ”
Theology , philosophy and other areas of the humanities can enhance this conversation . For example , Tirosh-Samuelson adheres to a humanist perspective .
“ ( Humanism is a ) worldview that values the existence of humans for its own sake … ( and ) emphasizes the human capacity to think symbolically , create language , imagine scenarios and abide by moral norms , ” they say .
They say that humans are complex and can make mistakes , but that technology should n't try to “ improve ” them ; rather humanity is “ an ideal we should aspire to . ”
They also see being human as a holistic experience in which mind and body are interdependent . In their opinion , “ human embodiment is very much what it means to be a human , ” and therefore they find the transhumanist desire to dramatically alter or even do away with the human biological existence to be highly problematic .
Religion without revelation
Tirosh-Samuelson started studying transhumanism as part of their larger interest in the relationship between science and religion .
Since contemporary science is inseparable from technology , transhumanism offered the category within which they and their colleagues explored how science and technology function in contemporary culture . The book , “ Building Better Humans ? Refocusing the Debate on Transhumanism ” ( Peter Lang International Academic Publishers , 2012 ) presents the deliberations of ASU scholars engaged in the critical examination of transhumanism .
“ A major contribution of the book is the attention to the religious dimensions of transhumanism , showing it to be secularization of age-old motifs and impulses , ” Tirosh-Samuelson writes .
The religious motifs in transhumanism are revealed in its rhetoric . Julian Huxley , the British evolutionary biologist and eugenicist who coined the term “ transhumanism , ” described their idea as “ a religion without revelation. ” In modern transhumanist circles , religious language is still present . The Singularity , for example , is suffused with religiosity – some versions bear a striking resemblance to the Christian Rapture .
“ The transhumanist speculations about reality coming to an end , or the radical transformation of life , reflects a much older mentality that can be traced to antiquity , namely to Jewish and Christian apocalyptic movements , ” says Tirsoh-Samuelson .
Religious ideas such as immortality and the transcendence of the soul are mirrored in transhumanist projects of radical life extension and the transcendence of the physical body through uploading minds onto computers .
Cultural diffusion
In 2012 , Tirosh-Samuelson teamed up with Ben Hurlbut , a science historian and assistant professor in ASU 's School of Life Sciences , on a project called “ The Transhumanist Imagination : Innovation , Secularization , and Eschatology. ” The project has led to an international conference at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany , a special journal issue and a book , “ Perfecting Human Futures , ” which will be published next year .
The researchers used case studies to understand the social impact of transhumanist ideas and their relevance to our understanding of politics . One of the cases was Singularity University ( SU ) , a program that “ tries to do all the things it thinks universities ought to be doing but are n't doing . It 's sort of a Silicon Valley startup version of a university , ” says Hurlbut .
Although it 's not explicitly focused on transhumanism , one of the program 's founders , Ray Kurzweil , is a noted transhumanist .
The SU slogan , and the problem put to all of its students , is “ How can you improve the lives of a billion people ? ” In some sense , this harkens back to the religious rhetoric of more explicitly transhumanist ventures , branding technology as salvationary . The SU also presents an interesting asymmetry , where the lives of the “ billion ” are shaped by the visions of a small , select group – it 's a vision of progress where “ progress comes from the small number of technological elite and is then produced for and provided to a wider world , ” says Hurlbut .
Ideas of technological change and disruption are not limited to transhumanism , however . Rather , as Hurlbut writes , “ ( transhumanism ) refracts questions and anxieties that have come to loom large in scientific and technological societies in the last several decades. ” Because of this , a lot of transhumanist ideas reflect wider preoccupations in modern culture that significantly affect economics and politics .
“ One of the reasons I 'm really interested in the transhumanist imagination ( is ) it 's not some self-contained niche thing , it 's actually drawing upon and trading in a set of ways of thinking about technological change , progress and the public good , that are much more widespread , ” says Hurlbut . “ When we talk about innovation , we 're talking about economic growth . We 're talking about the strength of a nation-state . We 're talking about the future . Many countries are thinking in precisely these terms . ”
Transhuman interests inspire and are inspired by other areas of society , too , where technology is “ challenging established ideas of , and relationships within , human life , ” writes Hurlbut . For instance , companies are replacing many human employees with machines , and virtual worlds are becoming increasingly entangled with very real legal , scientific and social issues .
The widespread unease and uncertainty surrounding technology 's impact on society is revealed in many modern narratives where technology is seen as either causing crisis , curing it , or both . Many popular movies ( Transcendence ) , video games ( Deus Ex ) and books ( Neuromancer ) also grapple with these concerns .
“ Transhumanism is itself an expression of these ways of thinking , ” writes Hurlbut , “ but it takes these tropes and repackages them … ( into ) technocratic predictions of what the future of humanity will be , and an ethical account of what it should be , all wrapped into one . ”
Flu season is nearly upon us , and in an effort to limit contagion and spare ourselves misery , many of us will get vaccinated . The work of Jonas Salk and Thomas Francis has helped restrict the spread of the nasty bug for generations , and the influenza vaccine is credited with saving tens of thousands of lives . But before the vaccine could be developed , scientists first had to identify the cause of influenza — and , importantly , recognize that it was contagious .
New research by Trevor Foulk , Andrew Woolum , and Amir Erez at the University of Florida takes that same first step in identifying a different kind of contagious menace : rudeness . In a series of studies , Foulk and colleagues demonstrate that being the target of rude behavior , or even simply witnessing rude behavior , induces rudeness . People exposed to rude behavior tend to have concepts associated with rudeness activated in their minds , and consequently may interpret ambiguous but benign behaviors as rude . More significantly , they themselves are more likely to behave rudely toward others , and to evoke hostility , negative affect , and even revenge from others .
The finding that negative behavior can beget negative behavior is not exactly new , as researchers demonstrated decades ago that individuals learn vicariously and will repeat destructive actions . In the now infamous Bobo doll experiment , for example , children who watched an adult strike a Bobo doll with a mallet or yell at it were themselves abusive toward the doll . Similarly , supervisors who believe they are mistreated by managers tend to pass on this mistreatment to their employees .
Previous work on the negative contagion effect , however , has focused primarily on high-intensity behaviors like hitting or abusive supervision that are ( thankfully ) relatively infrequent in everyday life . In addition , in most previous studies the destructive behavior was modeled by someone with a higher status than the observer . These extreme negative behaviors may thus get repeated because ( a ) they are quite salient and ( b ) the observer is consciously and intentionally trying to emulate the behavior of someone with an elevated social status .
Foulk and colleagues wondered about low-intensity negative behaviors , the kind you are likely to encounter in your everyday interactions with coworkers , clients , customers , and peers . We spend far more of our time with coworkers and clients than we do with supervisors , and so their actions , if contagious , are likely to have a much broader effect on us . Evidence for negative contagion among peers and customers might also suggest that there is more than one mode of infection . We are far less likely to intentionally base our behavior on our customers than we are on our bosses , and thus any behavioral contagion observed in these settings is likely driven by unconscious , unintentional processes rather than by purposeful imitation . Perhaps we can “ catch ” behaviors without even trying .
Foulk 's team first explored whether low-intensity behaviors like rudeness are contagious . In one study , they examined whether observing rude behavior activates concepts related to rudeness . Participants first completed a brief 15 minute survey , and when they were finished , a confederate playing the part of a late participant arrived at the study and asked to be included in the study . In the control condition , the experimenter politely told the late participant that the experiment had already begun and offered to schedule them for another session . In the negative condition , the experimenter rudely berated the late participant and told them to leave . All participants then completed a lexical decision task ( LDT ) in which they decided as quickly as possible whether strings of letters ( e.g. , CHIKHEN ) formed a word . Critically , some of the LDT words were friendly ( e.g. , helpful ) , some were aggressive ( e.g. , savage ) , and some were rude ( e.g. , tactless ) . Response times to the friendly and aggressive items were similar across conditions , but response times to the rude items were significantly faster for participants in the negative condition relative to the control condition . People who watched a rude interaction had concepts about rudeness active in their mind , and thus were faster to respond to those concepts in the LDT . These findings suggest that exposure to rudeness seems to sensitize us to rude concepts in a way that is not intentional or purposeful , but instead happens automatically .
To examine whether this sensitivity impacts social behavior , Foulk 's team conducted another study in which participants were asked to play the part of an employee at a local bookstore . Participants first observed a video showing either a polite or a rude interaction among coworkers . They were then asked to respond to an email from a customer . The email was either neutral ( e.g. , “ I am writing to check on an order I placed a few weeks ago. ” ) , highly aggressive ( e.g. , “ I guess you or one of your incompetent staff must have lost my order. ” ) , or moderately rude ( I 'm really surprised by this as EVERYBODY said you guys give really good customer service ? ? ? ) .
Foulk and colleagues again found that prior exposure to rude behavior creates a specific sensitivity to rudeness . Notably , the type of video participants observed did not affect their responses to the neutral or aggressive emails ; instead , the nature of those emails drove the response . That is , all participants were more likely to send a hostile response to the aggressive email than to neutral email , regardless of whether they had previously observed a polite or rude employee interaction . However , the type of video participants observed early in the study did affect their interpretation of and response to the rude email . Those who had seen the polite video adopted a benign interpretation of the moderately rude email and delivered a neutral response , while those who had seen the rude video adopted a malevolent interpretation and delivered a hostile response . Thus , observing rude behaviors , even those committed by coworkers or peers , resulted in greater sensitivity and heightened response to rudeness .
Exposure to rude behavior clearly affects our mindset and the way we respond to rudeness , but Foulk 's final study revealed an even more unpleasant side effect of the contagion : watching rude behaviors leads us to be rude to others , and those others may then be rude ( or worse ) to us .
Participants in the study engaged in a series of negotiation exercises with other participants . The key question centered on the behavior of participants who encountered a rude partner . How did they behave in a subsequent negotiation ? How did their next negotiation partners feel about them and treat them ?
As you might guess , participants who negotiated with a rude partner were in turn perceived as rude in their subsequent interaction with a new partner . These “ carriers ” evoked feelings of anger and hostility in their new partners , and even incited vindictive behaviors . After the negotiation between the carrier and the new partner was complete , the new partner was privately given the opportunity to decide how to distribute additional resources with the carrier . The new partner could make a prosocial choice and split the resources evenly , could make an individualistic choice and take more of the resources for themselves ( leaving some for the carrier ) , or could make a hostile choice by destroying all resources , thus ensuring that the carrier received nothing ( but also losing out on any resources herself ) . The hostile option was selected significantly more often after interactions with a carrier , suggesting that people were willing to suffer personally in order to exact revenge on the carrier . Moreover , these effects of negative contagion were evident in negotiations that took place up to a week after the initial exposure , suggesting a fairly long infectious period for negative behaviors .
Collectively , the data from Foulk and colleagues highlight the dangers of low-intensity negative behaviors , even those that are merely witnessed rather than personally experienced . With negative behaviors , the witness becomes the perpetrator , just as the person who touches a doorknob recently handled by a flu sufferer can themselves get sick and infect others . No conscious intent in necessary , and the contagion may last for days . Unfortunately , unlike the flu , there currently is no known inoculation for this contagion . Where is Jonas Salk when you need him ?
According to a lawsuit filed against Michigan Tech , the university wrongfully expelled a student after accusing them of making a racial threat on Yik Yak .
Matthew Schultz , a former student at Michigan Tech , claims that the university misled students and media about their Yik Yak post in order to prove that they were taking racism seriously , despite knowing that someone had altered the post to make it look threatening to black people , reports M Live .
“ MTU officials continued to fan the flames of racial conflict ... in order to serve MTU 's own political purposes . ”
Schultz was ultimately expelled by the university and is seeking $ 75,000 in damages .
Schultz said they made a post to Yik Yak in November 2015 that read , “ Gon na shoot all black people…… .. A smile tomorrow . ”
The post was allegedly supposed to be a humorous response to racial unrest and threats at the University of Missouri .
“ With the intent to point out the ridiculous nature of the threats ( ‘ shoot every black person ' ) and the illiterate language used by racists ( ‘ gon na ' ) , Matthew posted the following : ' Gon na shoot all black people ...... A smile tomorrow , ' meaning they are going to shoot a smile at black people , expressing , in a humorous way , that they are not racist , ” explained Steven Pence , Schultz 's lawyer .
The post was immediately flagged and removed from the platform , but not before another student was able to grab a screenshot and report it to the university .
Former MTU student Ryan Grainger allegedly screenshotted the post before it was removed from Yik Yak , tweeted it to the university , and sent a copy to university police .
However , the screenshot they sent to police was altered and only showed “ Gon na shoot all black people , '' with the phrase “ A smile tomorrow ” removed .
Deputy Police Chief Brian Caldwell reached out to Yik Yak to identify the author of the post , but was informed by Yik Yak that the post had been cropped and that they would need to provide the full screenshot .
Nonetheless , campus police issued a campus-wide alert `` about an anonymous social media threat against 'members of our African American community . ' ”
The day after the post was discovered , a school spokesperson even told a television station that “ the anonymous poster said they wanted to shoot all black people , ” recounting that “ we called Public Safety immediately . They sprang into action and we sent a note out to the entire campus informing them of the nature of the threat . ''
Yik Yak determined that the post was not a threat , but identified Schultz as the author . Police arrested Schultz for domestic terror , a 20-year felony , although they were later charged with disturbing the peace , a misdemeanor .
The charges were ultimately dismissed , with the Houghton County Prosecuting Office explaining in a statement that there was “ no evidence to indicate an actual ongoing public danger , nor was there obvious evidence of motive or intent , ” according to Keweena Report .
However , the very same day , the MTU Conduct Board held proceedings without either Schultz or their lawyer present , and determined to place Schultz on probation for eighteen months .
When Schultz appealed the decision , Bonnie Gorman , associate vice president and dean of students , allegedly decided to expel Schultz with no right to appeal , after which Pence claim that the university launched a media campaign against their client despite being aware that the post had been altered .
“ MTU officials continued to fan the flames of racial conflict , always using Matthew as a poster boy for white hatred ... [ MTU ] knowingly perpetuated the myth that Matthew had written the altered post , in order to serve MTU 's own political purposes . ”
Pence says Schultz 's future remains uncertain .
“ Presently , Matthew remains out of school with no hope of resuming their studies anywhere , having been labeled a virulent racist by a University with a history of botched investigations and an inability to do other than protect the institution and the lives of its administrative careerists , at any cost to the students or the truth , '' they asserted .
Follow the author of this article on Twitter : @ amber_athey
Ninja Slayer Anime To Be Directed By Kill la Kill Director
By Ishaan . July 3 , 2014 . 8:04pm
This week at their Anime Expo panel , Studio Trigger announced a few more details regarding their Ninja Slayer anime , which they are producing for a 2015 release .
Titled Ninja Slayer From Animation , the anime will be based on the Ninja Slayer book by Bradley Bond and Philp Morzez . It will be directed by Akira Amemiya , one of the directors of Kill la Kill , and the main theme will be performed by Boom Boom Satellites .
Here 's a summary of the story :
Kenji Fujikido is a salaryman whose wife and child were killed in a ninja turf war . In a brush with their own death , Fujikido is possessed by an enigmatic ninja soul known as Naraku Ninja . Fujikido cheats death and becomes “ Ninja Slayer ” -a Grim Reaper destined to kill evil ninja , committed to a personal war of vengeance . Set in the dystopian underworld of Neo-Saitama , Ninja Slayer takes on Soukai Syndicate ninja in mortal combat .
You can visit the website for the anime here . Trigger say the first teaser trailer for the anime will be posted on July 6th .
America these days likes to think of itself as a nation where prejudice and hate are no longer acceptable in polite society . Yes , we say , overt racism , sexism and other forms of bigotry still exist among outliers , but it 's no longer something your average American tolerates . No longer can someone casually spout racist , homophobic , sexist and/or religious slurs without a second thought . Women can have careers . Gays are n't ostracized . African Americans do n't have to drink from separate fountains . That crap is all in the past , right ?
Totally . Today 's problems are about subtler forms of discrimination . We 're beyond overt bigotry , right ?
I hate to burst your bubble , but no , we 're not . There still exists one perfectly acceptable prejudice that everyone from employers to news broadcasters to doctors practices . I experienced this prejudice last week at a clothing store . I experienced it last month when the man seated next to me on the plane moved a to different row . Just last week my movie theater 's manager reminded me of it as I tried to take my seat at a film . I 've experienced this prejudice at countless job interviews where I just was n't “ what they were looking for. ” I feel it under the weight of almost every waiter 's judging eye . I 've endured it through countless sanctimonious lectures from my doctor , my family and my so-called friends . What is this prejudice , you ask ? What form of hate could still be so pervasive in a nation that just elected its first African American President ? I 'm talking , of course , about heavy drinking people .
So I drink more than most . So what ? I did n't realize teetotaling was a requirement for trying on pants or flying on an airplane . I did n't see the sign out front of the theater or the restaurant that said “ Sobers Only. ” And you know what Dr. Know-It-All ? I 'm sorry to ask , but what do my drinking habits have to do with this checkup ? I 'm here for medical advice , not a lecture . Here 's a tip : people can be happy and healthy at any BAC . In fact , there is no legitimate scientific evidence linking heavy drinking to health problems . None . What was that ? You were taught it damages the liver ? Well guess what ? Thousands of sobers end up dying of liver failure every year , too . How do you explain that ? Did they hang out with too many drunkies ? What do you tell their families ? That maybe you do n't know everything and perhaps you 've just been brainwashed by our alcohol-obsessed media ?
What the medical establishment does n't want you to know and what doctors routinely ignore are the multitude health benefits alcohol provides , among them stress reduction , lower blood pressure and heart health . On top of that , many forms of alcohol are chock full of cancer-fighting antioxidants . But do we ever hear about these sorts of things from healthcare professionals or all the other drunk-shamers out there ? Of course not .
Organizations like Alcoholics Anonymous and Mothers Against Drunk Driving are held up by our society as “ noble ” institutions fighting the good fight against some evil scourge . But let 's call them out for what they really are : hate groups spreading a pernicious lie that there is something somehow wrong with being a drunk . AA purveys a brain washing technique called the “ 12 Steps ” in which convinces otherwise healthy , happy drunks that alcoholism is a disease caused by “ defects of character , ” and that only by divine intervention can the moral black hole that is a drunk find solace from this horrible affliction . Meanwhile , the rabble-rousing busybodies over at MADD continue to spread propaganda about drunks as dangerous behind wheel , framing all car accidents in which the driver was drunk as automatically being the fault of alcohol and the drinker . They were probably inhaling air right before the crash , too . Are you going to start crusading against breathing ?
I dream of living in a world where people will not be judged by the color of their license plate , but by the content of their character . It 's as if people forget the humanity in my heart the moment they see the glaze in my eyes or smell the whiskey on my breath . Their narrow-mindedness prevents them from seeing through the drunken stupor to the person beneath—a person with real thoughts and feelings who are only partially insulated from the stab of their insults . Do I not work and love and laugh as much as the next ? Is 99.78 % of my blood not red ? Where do they get off telling me I need help ?
But really , I pity the drunk-shamers . To live with that kind of hate in their heart must be a terrible burden . Hate is a prison . All of the world 's greatest philosophers preached this . So many people have come to see that they 're wrong about race , about gender , about sexual orientation , and freed themselves from their prejudice . Are people incapable of seeing that they might be wrong about alcohol “ abuse , ” too ? Does everyone not deserve equality ?
Basic respect and the rights to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness are not BAC-dependent . I implore you . Look into your heart of hearts and ask yourself : are drunks not human beings ? Do they not deserve dignity and respect ? I 'm talking about equality , people . Real equality . Is that not the most basic principle at the core of this great land called America ?
Advertisements
Eurobike is the world 's the biggest cycling trade show , and is the best place to check out all of the upcoming product . Although I would 've loved to check out the latest and greatest at Eurobike this year , Australia just is n't close enough for a ‘ pop on over ' kind of trip ! So here 's a bit of a round-up gallery of touring gear from the show , thanks mostly to Road.cc .
All images are taken and owned by Road.cc , unless stated otherwise . Original post HERE .
Adipura
The Adipura bikepacking bags look great on any bike . The Canyon below is the bike used by Juliana Buhring to beat most of the men 's field at the Transcontinental bike race !
Blackburn
Blackburn have recently be working hard to bring out lots of lightweight touring gear , here is their bikepacking setup .
Brooks
Brooks teamed up with Orlieb to make some REALLY nice looking gear ! Mmm… those panniers ! Images : TomsBikeTrip.com
Centurion
This Centurion is technically a cyclocross bike with a rack , bags and mudguards , but it 'd still do a great job on a tour .
Columbus
The German-made Columbus trekking bikes come with lots of great parts and are lighter than your standard touring bike .
Creme
Creme put together this tourer which looks a bit better than we think it would work . It uses very basic componentry , but that said , it probably comes in at an agreeable price point .
Fuji
Fuji 's ever affordable touring bike has n't changed much , and still comes with great components for bike travel .
Giro
These guys not only make good looking ( and functioning ) casual cycling apparel , but their SPD line of shoes are understated and would be great for touring . Images via UrbanVelo.com
Koga
Koga always put together great touring bikes . The top bike runs a Pinion 18spd gearbox and is Gates Carbon Drive powered . The bottom bike features a Rohloff hub , Gates Carbon Drive , Magura brakes and more . The bottom one is a bit more of a light tourer , still with great parts ( pics via UrbanVelo.com and TomsBikeTrip.com ) .
KTM
The only touring bike to take home a Eurobike award this year was this KTM Life Lontano . At 3399€ , it 's pretty much equipped to ride around the world out of the box , with a steel frame , dynamo lights , Gates Carbon Drive and a Pinion 18spd gearbox .
MTB Cycletech
This MTB Cycletech Amar looks amazing ! Built with Reynolds 853 steel tubing , this frame has some really neat looking features . The partspec is robust and how good do the green Ortliebs look ?
Patria
This lugged Patria looks the part ! It features at Rohloff hub with a chainglider to keep muck and dirt off your drivetrain , as well as ALL the other top end touring parts .
Poison
These guys had on show their aluminium touring bikes with Rohloff hubs and a choice of a chain or belt drivetrain . Images : TomsBikeTrip.com
Shand
This Shand , although not setup for touring , would probably do a good job of it , with a steel frameset , Rohloff hub , Gates Carbon Drivetrain , TRP hydro discs and more .
Schauff
Schauff had their Sumo touring bike on display , which is able to carry riders even 240kg ! This overbuilt bike would be perfect for heavy riders looking to do some touring . Tandem image : TomsBikeTrip.com
Surly
Surly was showing off their World Troller , a dirt touring bike with 2.75″ tyres and S & S couplers which allow you to break the frame in half for airlines . The frame comes with standard axle sizes , brake mounting options for disc or v-brakes , lots of space for water , clearance for a triple chainring crankset and dropouts which will take geared hubs or derailleurs ! Basically , a very versatile , fat , but-not-too-fat… bike ! Images : BikeRumor and TomsBikeTrip.com
Tern
Tern had a new 20″ touring folder on show , the Verge S27H . This model now features an eccentric bottom bracket , so that you can now run it with a Rohloff hub , unlike most other high-end folders . It is finished with a dynamo hub , 27spd drivetrain and disc brakes . The 24″ Eclipse S18 has had similar updates . Images : TomsBikeTrip.com
Tout Terrain
Tout Terrain never disappoint . They showed off two of their high-end touring bikes , one with a Pinion 18 speed gearbox , and the other with a Rohloff . This brand always used the best touring gear available , Gates Carbon Drive , Supernova lights , Schmidt hubs , Chris King headsets and more . We love their built-in rear racks !
The Light Blue
A brand I 've not come across before , The Light Blue Darwin uses Reynolds steel tubing to put together their touring bike . They 're designed in the UK , and use an interesting adjustable rear dropout , allowing the rear rack to be mounted quite far back , giving great heel clearance .
Van Nicholas
Van Nicholas make some of the nicest touring bikes around . But you do pay for it , this Pioneer will set you back over 5800€ but that includes bags , phew . This titanium-using brand employs the best componentry out there : Rohloff hubs , Gates Carbon Drive , Tubus racks , custom Ortlieb/Brooks bags , Brooks saddles and grips , Schmidt hubs/lights , Magura brakes , Schwalbe tyres . Mmm . Van Nicholas were also showing off their new Divisible road handlebar , which breaks into parts , allowing you to mount a Rohloff shifter .
Velotraum
Velotraum were showing off a 26″ tourer which would make a great round-the-world bike , as well as a fat bike , complete with rear rack , dynamo lighting and a Rohloff hub .
VSF Fahhradmanufaktur
Among other things , VSF had their 3399€ top-of-the-line TX-1200 touring bike on display . It utilises a Pinion 18s gearbox as well as lots of other great touring parts . Photo : Cyclable.com
Have you found any other galleries of touring bikes from EB14 ?
[ Photo by : To The Stars/YouTube ]
We already knew that Tom DeLonge of Blink-182 and Angels & Airwaves fame has had a particular interest in extraterrestrial life and UFOs . Turns out their interest and research has led to the development of To The Stars Academy of Arts & Science .
What does that mean , exactly ? It 's a “ consortium of scientists , aerospace engineers and creatives ” who will work together and give “ gifted ” researchers the freedom to explore exotic science and technologies . Basically , it 's a way for the global science community to explore the topics that have been previously under-explored or unexplored—including extraterrestrial life .
Read more : Tom DeLonge talks their alien philosophy and how it might be the path to humanity 's successful future
TTS Academy is composed of Science , Aerospace and Entertainment divisions . The science folks will be focusing on such things as human ultra-experiences ( “ supranormal experiences ” ) and telepathy . Aerospace will be focusing on exotic aerospace technologies . The entertainment aspect aims to educate and inspire curiosity in science . Oh , and remember that Strange Times movie DeLonge announced earlier this year ? That 's one of TTS Academy 's current projects .
Co-founder DeLonge has the title of President and CEO , with a former senior intelligence service member of the CIA and a regular NASA and Department of Defense advisee being appointed to other high-ranking roles .
With a team varying from aerospace to genetics professionals graduating from everywhere from Stanford to Yale , DeLonge has a highly educated team supporting them on this endeavor .
“ The public interest in the outer edges of science and the understanding of phenomena has always been suffocated by mainstream ideology and bureaucratic constraint , ” DeLonge says . “ We believe there are discoveries within our reach that will revolutionize the human experience , but they can only be accomplished through the unrestricted support of breakthrough research and innovation . ”
By claiming the title of “ public benefit corporation , ” they are promising to serve the public good and , in response , are currently asking the public to invest in TTS Academy . At the time this story was reported , 218 investors had already raised $ 130,410 .
Watch the live stream from their launch event below :
Last October , WikiLeak content revealed that DeLonge had sent cryptic emails , presumably about UFOs , to presidential candidate Hillary Clinton 's campaign chairperson , John Podesta . Said emails referred to “ Classified Science and DOD topics ” and “ Roswell , ” and you can read more of the details here .
Not to mention , earlier this year , DeLonge received the UFO Researcher Of The Year award .
If you 'd like to read more on To The Stars Academy , check out their site .
What are your thoughts on DeLonge 's latest endeavor ?
This article is about the national mosque of Indonesia . For similar-named mosque in Sarajevo , see Istiqlal Mosque , Sarajevo
Istiqlal Mosque ( Indonesian : Masjid Istiqlal , lit . 'Independence Mosque ' ) in Jakarta , Indonesia is the largest mosque in Southeast Asia and the third largest Sunni mosque in terms of capacity . [ 2 ] This national mosque of Indonesia was built to commemorate Indonesian independence and named `` Istiqlal '' , an Arabic word for `` independence '' . The mosque was opened to the public 22 February 1978 . Within Jakarta , the mosque is positioned next to Merdeka Square and the Jakarta Cathedral .
History [ edit ]
Before the mosque [ edit ]
The Wilhelminapark and the Citadel Prins Frederik in 1946 .
The mosque was formerly the location of the Wilhelminapark and a 19th-century Citadel .
Design and competition [ edit ]
Istiqlal mosque under construction . On the right side is the Jakarta Cathedral
After the Indonesian National Revolution 1945–1949 , followed by the recognition of Indonesian independence from The Netherlands in 1949 , there was a growing idea to build a national mosque for the new republic , which had the largest Muslim population in the world . [ 3 ] The idea of constructing a grand Indonesian national mosque was launched by Wahid Hasyim , Indonesia 's first minister for religions affairs , [ 4 ] and Anwar Cokroaminoto , later appointed as the chairperson of the Masjid Istiqlal Foundation . The committee for the construction of the Istiqlal Mosque , led by Cokroaminoto , was founded in 1953 . They proposed the idea of a national mosque to Indonesian President Sukarno , who welcomed the idea and later helped to supervise the mosque 's construction . In 1954 the committee appointed Sukarno technical chief supervisor . [ 5 ] :106
Several locations were proposed ; Mohammad Hatta , Indonesian vice president , suggested that the mosque should be built near residential areas on Thamrin avenue , on a plot where Hotel Indonesia stands today . [ 6 ] However , Sukarno insisted that a national mosque should be located near the most important square of the nation , near the Merdeka Palace . This is in accordance with the Javanese tradition that the kraton ( king 's palace ) and masjid agung ( grand mosque ) should be located around the alun-alun ( main Javanese city square ) , which means it must be near Merdeka Square . [ 7 ] Sukarno also insisted that the national mosque should be built near Jakarta Cathedral and Immanuel Church , to symbolize religious harmony and tolerance as promoted in Pancasila ( the Indonesian national philosophy and the five principles which constitute the philosophical foundation of Indonesian nationhood ) . [ 8 ] It was later decided that the national mosque was going to be built in Taman Widjaja Kusuma ( formerly Wilhelmina park ) , in front of the Jakarta Cathedral . To make way for the mosque , the Citadel Prins Frederick , built in 1837 , was demolished . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
Sukarno actively followed the planning and construction of the mosque , including acting as the chairperson of the jury for the mosque design competition held in 1955 . The design submitted by Frederich Silaban , a Christian architect from North Sumatra , with the theme `` Ketuhanan '' ( English : `` Divinity '' ) was chosen as the winner .
Construction [ edit ]
The foundation stone was laid by Sukarno on 24 August 1961 ; [ 11 ] [ 12 ] the construction took 17 years . President Suharto inaugurated it as the national mosque on 22 February 1978 . [ 11 ] [ 13 ] As of 2013 it is the largest mosque in the region of Southeast Asia , with a capacity of over 120,000 . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] :65
Inscription of the Inauguration of the Istiqlal Mosque in 1978
Structure [ edit ]
The ablution room of the mosque , located on ground floor near the seven gates .
The mosque has seven entrances , and all seven gates are named after Al-Asmaul-Husna , the names of God in Islam . [ 16 ] The number seven represents the Seven Heavens in Islamic cosmology . [ 17 ] The wudu ( ablution ) fountains are on the ground floor , while the main prayer hall and main courtyard are on the first floor . The building consists of two connected rectangular structures : the main structure and the smaller secondary structure . The smaller one serves as main gate as well as stairs and prayer spaces .
Entrance gates [ edit ]
There are seven entrance gates to the Istiqlal Mosque . Each door is named after one of the 99 Names of Allah . Below are lists of entrance gates into the complex of Istiqlal Mosque :
Main gates Al Fattah/الفتاح ( `` The Opener '' ) : Located opposite of the Jakarta Cathedral . This is the main entrance for visitors , which also leads to the main parking area . Ar Rozzaq/ٱلْرَّزَّاقُ ( `` The Provider '' ) : Located at Jalan Perwira . The door leads to the main parking area . As Salam/ٱلْسَّلَامُ ( `` The Peace '' ) : Entrance for important guests e.g . clerics or ambassadors . The entrance leads to the front rows near the imam .
Other gates Al Quddus/ٱلْقُدُّوسُ ( `` The Holy '' ) : Located on the northeast of the mosque complex . Al Malik/الملك ( `` The King '' ) : Located on the west of the mosque complex . Used for very important guests e.g . the president of Indonesia or other important guests . Al Ghaffar/ٱلْغَفَّارُ ( `` The Forgiving '' ) : Located on the south end of the courtyard hall building , just below the minaret of Istiqlal Mosque . This door is the closest to the southeast gate as well as the furthest from the mosque mihrab . Ar Rahman/ٱلْرَّحْمَان ( `` The Compassion '' ) : Located on the southwest corner of the mosque 's hall building , near the entrance gate of Al Malik .
Dome [ edit ]
The interior of Istiqlal mosque ; the grand domed prayer hall supported by 12 columns
The rectangular main prayer hall building is covered by a 45-m diameter central spherical dome ; the number `` 45 '' symbolizes the 1945 Proclamation of Indonesian Independence . [ 11 ] [ 18 ] The main dome is adorned with a stainless steel ornamental pinnacle in the form of a crescent and star , the symbol of Islam . The smaller secondary dome is also adorned with a stainless steel pinnacle with the name of Allah ( God ) in Islamic calligraphy .
The dome is supported by twelve round columns , and the prayer hall is surrounded by rectangular piers carrying four levels of balconies . Twelve columns represent the birthday of the Islamic prophet Muhammad in 12th Rabi ' al-awwal . [ 19 ]
Interior [ edit ]
The mihrab and minbar in main hall
The main floor and the four levels of balconies make five floors in all ; the number `` 5 '' represents the Five Pillars of Islam and also Pancasila , [ 20 ] Staircases at the corners of the building give access to all floors . The main hall is reached through an entrance covered by a dome 8 meters in diameter ; the number 8 symbolizes August , the month of Indonesian Independence . The interior design is minimalist , simple and clean-cut , with a minimum of stainless steel geometric ornaments . The 12 columns are covered with stainless steel . On the main wall on qibla there is a mihrab and minbar in the center . On the main wall , there is a large metalwork in Arabic calligraphy , spelling the name of Allah on the right side and Muhammad on the left side , and also calligraphy of Surah Thaha 14th verse in the center . The metalworks , stainless steel covers and ornaments were imported from Germany . Originally , as in the National Monument nearby , the white marbles were planned to be imported from Italy . However to cut costs and support the local marble industry , it was later decided that the marbles would be from Tulungagung marble quarries in East Java instead . [ 21 ]
Minaret [ edit ]
Istiqlal minaret with the Monas monument in the background
The main structure is directly connected to the arcades that are spread around the large courtyard . The arcades connect the main building with a single minaret in the southern corner . Unlike many Arabic , Persian , Turkish and Indian mosques with multiple minarets , Istiqlal mosque has a single minaret to symbolize the divine oneness of God . It is 66.66 m tall to symbolize the 6,666 verses in the Quran . [ 22 ] The 30-metre-high stainless steel pinnacle on top of the minaret symbolizes the 30 juz ' of the Quran . [ 23 ] On the southern side near the minaret there is also a large bedug ( large wooden drum made of cow skin ) . [ 24 ] In common with the entire Islamic world , traditionally Muslims in Indonesia use the drum with the adhan ( call to prayer ) . The mosque offices , function hall , and madrasah are on the ground floor . The mosque provides facilities for social and cultural activities .
Some Muslims in Indonesia said Istiqlal 's dome and minaret structure was much too modern and Arabic in style . They regarded the architecture as being out of harmony with Islamic culture and architecture in Indonesia . In response , former president Suharto began an initiative to construct more mosques of the Javanese triple-roofed design . [ 25 ]
Capacity [ edit ]
Istiqlal Mosque empowered pilgrims as many as 200,000 people consisting of :
The main prayer room and balcony and wing contain 61,000 people . The space in the preliminary building contains 8,000 people . The open terrace room on the 2nd floor contains 50,000 people . All corridors and other places contain 81,000 people .
Facilities [ edit ]
In display of religious tolerance , during large Christian celebrations such as Christmas , Istiqlal Mosque helped provide parking space for worshipers of the nearby Jakarta Cathedral . [ 26 ]
Sound system and multimedia [ edit ]
For the purpose of worship and information facilities Istiqlal Mosque uses a centrally controlled sound system located on the rear glass room of the second floor , with the number of speakers as many as 200 channels spread on the main floor .
The number of speakers contained in the corridor , connecting building and preliminary building are 158 channels . The sound system is controlled by 26 amplifiers and 5 ( five ) mixers and is supervised by six people who take turns both day and night during in use .
To support the smooth communication at the time of worship and activity , on the main floor has also been installed plasma TV system so that access information can be followed evenly by the pilgrims who are throughout the main room of the mosque that can not see the preacher .
Garden [ edit ]
The fountain with the Monas monument in the background
Istiqlal mosque is located on former Wilhelmina Park , thus prior of mosque construction , there are numbers of decorative plants and trees planted in the garden . Some of garden 's old large trees might be a hundred years old . The park is also the location of a river branch , the distributary of Ciliwung river , completed with floodgates . The original river branch went westward to Molenvliet and turned northward along canal towards its estuarine in old Batavia . The other branch turned northward to a floodgate which drain eastward along a canal in front of Pasar Baru , the canal turned north along Jalan Gunung Sahari , all the way to Ancol in the north .
In the southwestern corner of the garden surrounding the mosque , there is a large pool and a grand fountain that spouts water 45 m high . The fountain only operates on Fridays during congregational salat and during Islamic holidays such as Eid ul-Fitr and Eid ul-Adha . The river Ciliwung flows across the mosque complex along the eastern side of the mosque . [ 27 ]
Imams and Muezzins [ edit ]
Istiqlal Mosque has one Grand Imam , one Deputy Grand Imam , and seven imams . As of 2016 the Grand Imam is former Deputy Minister for Religious Affairs ( 2011–2014 ) , Nasaruddin Umar and the Chairman of Istiqlal Mosque is the former Indonesian Ambassador to Syria ( 2006–2010 ) , Muhammad Muzammil Basyuni . [ 28 ] Previous Grand Imams include Zaini Miftah ( 1970–1980 ) , Mukhtar Nasir ( 1980–2004 ) , Nasrullah Djamaluddin ( 2004–2005 ) and Ali Mustafa Yaqub ( 2005–2015 ) . The current Deputy Grand Imam is Al Hajj Syarifuddin Muhammad , former chairperson of the Indonesian Hafiz Association .
There are seven other imams who lead daily prayers at the mosque :
Muhammad Salim Ghazali
Ahmad Husni Ismail
Muhasyim Abdul Madjid
Martomo Malaing
Ahmad Rofiuddin Mahfudz
Hasanuddin Sinaga
Ahmad Anshoruddin
In addition , the Istiqlal Mosque also has seven Muezzins in charge of Calling for Prayer and provides teaching services about the Quran and Islam . They are :
Abdul Wahid
Qadarasmadi Rasyid
Abdullah Sengkang
Ahmad Achwani
Hasan Basri
Muhdori Abdur Razzaq
Saiful Anwar al-Bintani
Visitors [ edit ]
US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama with Grand Imam Kyai al-Hajj Ali Musthafa Ya'qub at the Istiqlal Mosque , Nov. 10 , 2010
Following US President Barack Obama and their wife 's visit to the Istiqal Mosque in November 2010 , about 20 visitors per day have come to tour the mosque . [ 29 ] Among foreign dignitaries who have visited Istiqlal mosque are former US president Bill Clinton ; [ 30 ] President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ; [ 31 ] former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi ; Prince Charles of the United Kingdom ; Li Yuanchao , Vice President of the Communist Party of China ; President of Chile Sebastián Piñera ; Heinz Fischer , the President of Austria ; Jens Stoltenberg , the Prime Minister of Norway , [ 32 ] and German Chancellor Angela Merkel in 2012 . [ 33 ] King Salman Of Saudi Arabia visited the mosque during their Indonesia tour in March 2017 . [ 34 ]
See also [ edit ]
As we 've seen the alt-right and various white supremacist and fascistic groups grow in prominence if not necessarily numbers in recent years and now be granted renewed prominence and validation from the President , we see a renewed debate about the role of violence in American politics . Specifically , what is the best way and the appropriate way to react to and combat the always menacing and often violent actions of the kind of people we saw protesting in Charlottesville ?
A lot of this debate has gone under the rubric of “ nazi-punching ” after alt-right leader Richard Spencer was cold-cocked at a demonstration on the fringes of the President 's inauguration . It 's also gotten renewed attention because of the growing prominence of small but high-profile groups going under the name of “ antifa ” . There are a lot of details here . But I want to focus narrowly on what we should think of groups that not only protest racist groups or come prepared to defend themselves against violence from racist groups but see it as their goal to confront these groups on equal terms in street confrontations . In other words , groups that go looking for confrontations and want to get into street brawls .
Before proceeding further , I want to address what I think are some important caveats . As we saw in the days after Charlottesville , President Trump went to great lengths to equate the two groups which met in Charlottesville – their various references to “ many sides ” and so forth . The most important point to keep in mind here is that the vast majority of the people protesting the white supremacists and Nazis were not violent – either in philosophy or practice . They were there protesting defiantly but peacefully against marchers whose very message was one of menace and threatened violence . Others were prepared for confrontations if the other side became violent but were n't looking to initiate violence .
On a basic philosophical level , embracing violence to combat political and moral evils like racism and fascism is simply not equivalent to embracing violence to advance these evils . Any liberalism or constitutionalism that is so bloodless that it ca n't make these distinctions is too ornate and theoretical to exist in the wild . So the entirety of Trump 's equivalence is false . But again , what should our attitude be towards even small groups who embrace physical confrontations and violence as the way to confront these groups ?
I believe that if you look both historically and in practice , when you have widespread street brawling between “ good ” groups and “ bad ” groups it almost always ends up being a victory for the fascist groups . This is for a number of reasons . First is that these groups have historically used the presence of civil violence to justify “ law and order ” crackdowns which usually empower and propagate authoritarian politics . You can already see this , tendentiously , in those hideous NRA video hate screeds . Again , history tells us this and I think it 's close to intuitive : breakdowns of civil peace lead to authoritarian crackdowns , which almost always have a right-wing and often racist valence .
In a related but more general sense , it is precisely the aim of fascistic groups to shift the basis of civic dialog , space and politics from law to violence . To put it another way , they are trying to shift the basis of society and power from law , voting , equality to force , violence and the domination of the most powerful . And in this case we mean power as expressed by the superior ability to wield violence . Once we 've moved from one to the other , fascists have to a significant degree already won . The Nazis and white supremacists are literally trying to create a “ both sides ” situation . We should not help them .
Now , a frequent counter this is the argument about the Nazis and how non-violent resistance did n't save Germany or eventually the Jews or eventually much of the globe which was engulfed in wars triggered by the Nazi party . This argument is both better and worse than it may seem on the surface . Let 's discuss it for a moment .
There 's a voluminous literature , not surprisingly , about what is called the Nazi ‘ seizure of power ' . A key section of that debate centers on the fact that there was , by and large , no resistance when the Nazis took the formal powers they had gained through the machinery of the Weimar state and used it to create a dictatorship . This was n't a drawn out or vague process . It occurred over a matter of months in 1933 . It happened fast .
One of the key critiques of what we might call the opposition to Hitler has to do with the German Social Democratic Party , the main party of the non-Communist left . By and large the SPD , still a mass party in Germany , did not resort to extra-constitutional or violent means to resist Hitler 's coup from above . Indeed , there 's at least an argument that the parties of the left and center still constituted the majority . The argument has always been that the SPD , though nominally a Marxist party , was so wedded to constitutionalism and democracy that it was either unable or unwilling to resist the destruction of the Weimar state by extra-constitutional or violent means .
This very simple review leaves out a world of complexity . Again , there 's a vast literature on the Nazi seizure of power , which you can read . I put it out there to note that there is a time when violence and extra-constitutional action is likely the only way to prevent fascism and dictatorship . But , paradoxically , the resort to street violence , political paramilitaries and empowered violence over law is also the surest route to the destruction of democracy and dictatorship . Quite simply , as dire a situation as I think the country 's in , we are not remotely in a position comparable to the Spring of 1933 in Germany . Suggesting otherwise amounts to a grandiose and self-flattering conceit .
Now , hearing this argument you might think I 'm arguing for a bloodless “ I may disagree with what you say but I 'll fight for your right to say it ” argument . It 's not . I actually like seeing Nazis get punched . Nor do I think all views deserve a right of equal hearing in a democratic society . Philosophies that seek to destroy democracy and the rule of law do n't merit equal validation by a democracy . We grant them certain rights because doing so is consistent with a larger system of laws and rights that guarantees a civil society that is the antithesis of what they believe in . Put another way , Nazis deserve to get punched . A few sucker punches here and there probably send a salutary message . But it 's not always wise to give people what they deserve .
I also think that in cases where the police either refuse to protect or are unable to protect the victims of fascist intimidation and violence that there should be defense groups that do so . That is defensive violence in specific situations . And more generally that only presupposes the breakdown of the state and its basic responsibilities which it should be our main goal to avoid .
The entirety of this seems still a largely marginal issue – a few street brawls in different parts of the country in which Nazis come out to march and intimidate and left-wing groups go out to meet them also looking for a fight . This is a tiny , tiny percentage of those counter-protesting these people . And I do n't include here people who simply defend themselves when attacked . But it 's still worth thinking this question through – even at a distance – since we live in troubled times .
Pushing civil society from talk and voting to violence and paramilitaries is what the fascists are trying to accomplish – moving from the rule of law to the rule of force . By every historical standard and also by almost every philosophical one , this is a victory for , if not fascism , then certainly authoritarianism . The answer to Nazis and white supremacists is n't flowery talk or left-wing paramilitaries . It 's a stronger rule of law and an empowered state behind it . We have our work cut out for us .
Finance & Development ,
Ekkehard Ernst
PDF version
Labor market trends portend a paradise for some workers , but continued purgatory for most
Wage earners across the globe seem to be trapped in the doldrums . Global unemployment remains high , especially in some advanced economies , and every year many more workers enter the job market . More than 600 million jobs must be created over the coming decade to provide work opportunities for the more than 201 million people currently unemployed and those who will begin looking for work ( ILO , 2015 ) .
Even though some countries , such as the United States , have recently shown significant improvement in their unemployment rates , many more struggle to find new sources of jobs and incomes . And the large number of job seekers has held down wages even as productivity ( output per worker ) has grown , worsening inequality in many countries .
But things are changing . Longer-term shifts—such as declining middle-class jobs , a continued fallout from the global financial crisis , but also a shrinking global workforce—are shaping labor markets worldwide . Whereas the problem today seems to be a glut of workers , in coming years the global labor force will shrink . These shifts could constrain growth , but they should also help correct some of the current labor market imbalances that have prevented workers from sharing in productivity gains . The beneficiaries , however , will mainly be high-skilled workers . The prospects for lower-skilled workers are less hopeful , which is bad news not only for them , but for efforts to reduce inequality .
Inequality may worsen
Continued worsening in income inequality over the past three decades has attracted substantial attention and has been a focus of global policy debate since the publication in 2014 of Capital in the Twenty-First Century ( Piketty ) . To be fair , the rising share of wealth and income going to the top 1 percent of the population and the fall in the labor income share had not previously gone unnoticed . But these developments were often attributed to a decline in unionization and the increased competition fostered by globalization—both of which were perceived as conducive to further and faster global growth and were expected to lift the boat for all ( for example , Jaumotte and Tytell , 2007 ) .
This view has been called into question , however , since the global financial crisis that began in 2008 , because large deviations in income distribution from historical averages came at a time of highly volatile economic growth . That led some observers to argue that reducing income inequality would boost macroeconomic stability—adding an economic rationale to a purely moral imperative for a more equal distribution of riches . The current policy debate focuses on changes in taxation to address inequality but with little regard for the potential harm of increases in income or property taxes on job creation , innovation , and growth ( see “ Back to Basics : Taxes in Practice ” in this issue of F & D ) . More important , this policy debate does not adequately take into account the longer-term forces shaping trends toward inequality .
A careful analysis of labor market trends reveals an ongoing shift in employment from traditional middle-class jobs in manufacturing and services toward both high- and low-skill occupations . This shift underlies much of the observed dynamics in inequality . Indeed , computers and robots seem to have finally taken center stage in the production process , eliminating many jobs that focus on routine tasks . This shift is no longer limited to manufacturing , where robots took over the conveyor belt some time ago . Even in many service sector occupations—such as accounting and health care—computers are taking over ever larger shares of the work—for example , by helping with tax preparation or providing diagnostic tools for medical doctors . For those who possess skills complementary to these “ routine ” tasks , computerization is creating new opportunities for productivity and wage gains ( Autor , 2014 ) .
But many more people , especially those who used to perform these tasks , are forced to compete for an ever smaller share of similar jobs or resign themselves to low-skill occupations , often accompanied by a significant loss in disposable income . On average , these trends do not preclude future rises in productivity and living standards , but so far the distribution of these gains seems to have “ hollowed out ” the middle class , leaving relatively more jobs at both the high- and low-skill end of the jobs scale .
Changes largely in advanced economies
The shift in occupational employment triggered by these technological changes seems to affect mostly advanced economies ( see Chart 1 ) . In many developing economies , the more traditional shift from low- to medium- and high-skill occupations still dominates as people move from rural areas to urban centers to work in manufacturing or small-scale services . This has led to a substantial reduction in both poverty rates and vulnerable employment over the past two decades and to the emergence of a middle class in most of the developing world . The more prosperous developing economies have the potential to contribute to global growth through substantially enhanced spending power ( ILO , 2013 ) . But even in these economies , the early effects of technological changes that shift workers out of middle-class jobs are visible .
As Chart 1 demonstrates , in several middle-income regions , middle-class jobs are no longer expanding significantly , even though these jobs occupy a far smaller share of total employment than they do in advanced economies . This has led some observers to worry about premature deindustrialization : global technological dynamics in these economies , which have been viewed as catching up to advanced economies , could put middle-skill jobs under pressure much earlier in middle-income than in advanced economies and potentially reduce the growth prospects of these emerging markets significantly ( Rodrik , 2013 ) .
But as counterintuitive as it may seem in today 's high-unemployment environment , a significant threat to future global growth comes from another long-term trend : the gradual decline in the growth rate of the labor force . The number of new labor market entrants has already begun to shrink , mainly in advanced economies , but also in several emerging market economies , particularly in Asia . Currently , the youth labor force is contracting by about 4 million people a year globally . And in many countries with sustained increases in living standards , prime-age workers ( those between 25 and 54 ) are also participating ( that is working or looking for work ) less actively than in the past . This partly reflects income gains—labor force participation is often high when households struggle with extreme poverty and volatile incomes , forcing all family members to seek employment , and tends to decline when conditions improve .
In addition , because the middle class has expanded in economies with higher living standards , people tend to stay in school longer , which raises the average skill level . In principle , that should help offset some of the adverse effects of a shrinking labor force on growth . The overall global labor force , however , is projected to grow much more slowly—at less than 1 percent a year in the 2020s , compared with 1.7 percent annually during the 1990s . The reduced labor force growth will shave roughly 0.4 percentage point off global growth . And the growth slowdown will be particularly acute in advanced economies , which have , on average , a more skilled workforce .
Effects of the global crisis
Global growth is suffering from more than inequality and a slowing increase in the labor supply . The long-term consequences of the global financial crisis continue to weigh on growth too . Investment rates remain significantly below precrisis levels , especially in some advanced economies . In addition , uncertainty among businesses remains high about the concrete policies that governments will put in place to address the consequences of the crisis , creating insecurity among businesses regarding future sources of demand for their goods and services . This depresses investment and job creation ( see Chart 2 ) . International Labour Organization estimates show that for some countries , up to 30 percent of the differential between current and precrisis unemployment stems from this high level of uncertainty in the business sector . The lack of dynamism that followed the failure of the Wall Street investment firm Lehman Brothers in September 2008 has lifted overall trend unemployment rates significantly , in some countries by up to 4 to 5 percentage points ( ILO , 2014 ) .
Moreover , weak job prospects have led to slower labor market turnover—that is , the number of employees who leave companies to take up employment opportunities elsewhere . This impedes businesses ' productivity gains because much of those gains comes in the form of new equipment and reorganization of workers both within and across companies . Interestingly , labor market turnover ( also called churning ) played a bigger role in productivity growth than other factors immediately after the crisis . But as the overall rate of labor market churning then declined , so did productivity growth ( ILO , 2015 ) .
A combination of high unemployment , slow growth in output , and unequal distribution of productivity gains has further eroded the income share of workers in the global economy . Only during the crisis year—largely because real wages were resistant to decline in advanced economies—did wage earners benefit from income gains that exceeded then-shrinking labor productivity . In subsequent years , however , wages once again trailed productivity growth , continuing the trend in the decades before the crisis . Although in the current environment it may be hard to see what could change that trend , in fact the declining global labor supply described above will help push wages above productivity growth—in some countries very soon .
Slowing labor force growth will help current jobseekers find new employment more easily . Especially in countries where unemployment is very high , joblessness is expected to fall significantly over the coming years . This phenomenon is reflected only imperfectly in the global unemployment rate because countries that are shifting to a more industrialized economy will experience rising unemployment . But those rising unemployment rates will often be accompanied by an increase in job quality and working conditions as people move from poorly paid , rural , and informal jobs to urban , better-paid , and formal occupations . Together , these trends should remove some of the pressure that now keeps wage growth low .
Faster wage growth
The rise in trend unemployment rates following the overall sluggish expansion of growth and investment has lifted the unemployment rate at which wages tend to accelerate during a labor market recovery . The protracted nature of the recovery will lead to faster wage growth , even if unemployment rates remain much higher than they were prior to the crisis . In countries with adequate data , this effect is evident in the fact that people out of a job for 12 months or longer do not exercise strong downward pressure on wages .
People unemployed for a long time have a hard time finding a job , and even those who are willing to accept much lower wages are not necessarily able to return to work quickly . Companies are reluctant to hire long-unemployed job seekers , who they fear lack skills and motivation . As a consequence , the long-term jobless play a relatively limited role in influencing wage dynamics . But it is exactly this group and the average duration of unemployment that increased during the crisis , so that wages react only to fluctuations in the much smaller group of those unemployed short term ( Gordon , 2013 ) .
The shift in labor demand to high-skill occupations is also poised to affect wages . As the global war for talent continues , people with the right skills not only will have plenty of job opportunities , they will also be able to garner a larger share of the productivity gains they generate . Some observers estimate that in advanced economies such as Germany and the United States demand for talent could outstrip supply as early as 2015 . This demand could generate ever more pressure to attract the most talented employees with improved working conditions , profit-sharing arrangements , and higher base salaries ( Conference Board , 2014 ) . This will mean faster overall wage growth , but perhaps only for the lucky few and not for the average wage earner .
Few benefits
The dynamics of the labor income share and of income inequality will diverge . Wages are set to grow faster than productivity , at least over the medium term , given the changes in the global labor supply ( see table ) , but the bulk of that increase will accrue only to a small group of skilled workers , no more than 20 percent of the global workforce . Hence , in contrast to the trends recorded over the past three decades , income inequality between workers and the labor income share—that is , the distribution of income between workers and capital owners—will evolve in different directions , further complicating the work of policymakers .
Not only will the distribution of productivity gains benefit only those with the right skills , the overall growth rate of the world economy will remain under pressure , in particular since labor supply is set to decelerate globally . In fact , the likely acceleration of wage growth will put a dent in profits available for future investment , further depressing companies ' appetite and willingness to expand their capacity . This means that the current slow rate of potential growth will likely continue over the medium term , which will hurt emerging market economies and keep them from catching up with advanced economies and further reducing poverty . All this suggests a possible worker paradise on the horizon , with lower unemployment , better working conditions , and higher salaries . But the only ones likely to be admitted into that paradise are those with the right skills—and at the cost of slower improvement in living standards and poverty reduction across the globe . ■
On February 12th , Jodi Rudoren argued in a New York Times article against the Palestinian-led Boycott Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement , imploring readers to consider Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's position that BDS is “ immoral ” . If we take their claims at face value , than it behooves us to ask why so many Americans consider BDS a moral tool to protest Israeli policies ? Why has the international BDS campaign become worrisome for Prime Minister Netanyahu , American Zionists , Israel and its supporters , and why does Ms. Rudoren equate a non-violent movement whose main objective is to achieve equal rights for all citizens whether living in Israel or the occupied territories with prejudice and anti-Semitism ? More importantly is it anti-Semitic to envision a political Israeli system where all citizens are equal under the law living within the fold of international covenants and standards ?
But first , what are the principles of the BDS Campaign ? In July 2005 , Palestinian civil society launched
“ a call to international civil society organizations and people of conscience all over the world to impose broad boycotts and implement divestment initiatives against Israel , similar to those applied to South Africa in the apartheid era , until Israel meets its obligation to recognize the Palestinian people 's inalienable right to self-determination and fully complies with international law . ”
BDS also calls for Israel to conform to international law that protects the right of return of the Palestinian refugees who were displaced in 1948 . For generations these Palestinians have lived in temporary shelters in neighboring countries without political rights or protections . The BDS campaign reasserted the relevance of the Charter of Nuremberg , which declared forced deportation and uprooting of civilian populations to be both a war crime and a crime against humanity . This is an opinion adopted by the world community following World War II to protect future communities from displacement and to avert a recurrence of the German Jewish experience during the Hitler regime when Germany oversaw the indiscriminate displacement of Jews , with millions perishing in concentration camps . BDS also relies on the examples of the successful South African anti-Apartheid boycott , US civil rights principles , as well as the earlier Jewish United Boycott Committee Campaign when Jews and human rights activists developed an organized boycott campaigns of German goods that was implemented throughout Europe and the US between 1933-1945 to protest German war crimes and injustices perpetuated against Jews . This includes the 1936 boycott of the German Olympic Games , supported by American Jewish Congress and the Jewish Labor Committee , which helped educate the American public on the dire conditions and plight of Jews in Germany . Some German Americans accused the campaign of being fueled by anti-German sentiments , and they also found the US boycott call hypocritical considering our own system of racial segregation . Nonetheless the campaign 's objective succeeded in educating Americans of the conditions and plight of German Jews .
So why now fret about a global movement that is still concentrated in far away places like Europe , South America , Asia and Australia ? BDS has been adopted and duplicated widely in the US by religious and non-faith individuals and groups across the United States . For almost a decade Americans devoted to peace and justice have quietly worked to implement some or all of the BDS initiative in their local communities and have succeeded in building a broad national movement . The Israeli government 's continued refusal to consider suspending settlement building – never mind end its illegal occupation of Palestinian land – has so far only generated pathetic rhetorical protests from the US government while massive US military and financial aid to Israel continues . Observing this travesty has been a major factor in encouraging ordinary Americans to implement the Palestinian BDS call .
Like the international BDS movement , the US BDS campaign relies on the guiding principals set by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the Geneva Convention , UN resolutions and the International Court of Justice decisions on the Separation Wall and the Israeli occupation . The Hague Court stipulates the following : Settlers can not be transferred into an occupied territory and the indigenous population of an occupied territory can not be deported from the occupied territory regardless of motive . In addition the International Court of Justice considers it a crime against humanity for any state whether in peace or war to engage in the collective persecution of “ any identifiable group on political , racial , national , ethnic , cultural , or religious ” grounds . Israel clearly is guilty of all the above . Since Israel 's inception it has transferred , deported and discriminated against the indigenous Christian and Muslim Palestinian population .
So , on what basis does Ms. Rudoren claim that BDS is anti-Semitic ? While most BDS activists are clueless why they chose this derogatory term , they are well aware that it is not unusual for Israel 's supporters to charge anyone who criticizes Israeli policies as anti-Semitic . Unfortunately it has become the norm for those who uncritically defend every action of the Israeli state to call any Jewish or non-Jewish scholar , advocate , academician or religious leader who challenges Israel 's policies a self hating Jew or anti-Semite . Just read the findings of a recent survey of 500 Jewish Rabbis by the Jewish Council of Public Affairs where more than a third of these rabbis indicated fear of expressing their real views on Israel .
In fact , the campaign against BDS can more accurately be described as anti-Semitic in its objective impact . Those who are waging the anti-BDS campaign in the US are blindly whitewashing Israel 's actions that for decades have proved to be fundamentally contrary to our own government 's declared objectives and the goal of peace and security for all in the region , including the Jewish people living in Israel . The campaign against BDS is a deliberate choice to maintain the status quo and the continuation of Israel 's policies regardless of the cost . They prefer to keep Israeli Jews and Palestinians living in a permanent state of fear and anxiety for their future , willing to indefinitely arrest the opportunity for a just peace in the region . Their objectives and motives are a quandary more deserving of critical analysis and labeling .
BDS is not anti-Semitic , nonetheless it is guilty of gaining momentum in the US and posing a serious challenge to Israel 's territorial claims that extend to the West Bank , Gaza and desire perpetual control of Palestinian resources , air , water , land and sea . More importantly BDS is challenging the Zionist narrative , which for so long has been unchallenged in the US . The US BDS campaign is waged by faith and non- faith Americans including Jewish Americans among them . Readers can judge the merits of Ms. Rudoren 's anti-Semitic , prejudicial charges and decide whether or not their accusations are real or not .
When Ben Watkins wanted to buoy the quality of their series “ Hand of God , ” they turned to what might be an unlikely partner : an online compendium of real-estate data .
Zillow , the real-estate listings site , paid Watkins and their team to include the company 's name in a plot line in which a character seeks to move somewhere new . Working with an advertiser “ is a great way to get things you normally could not get , ” they said .
Product placement has been around since TV sets were stand-alone cubes far too heavy to be attached to the wall , as anyone who watched “ Texaco Star Theater ” in 1948 might be able to tell you . But “ Hand of God ” streams via Amazon , and subscription video-on-demand services run by the online giant and Netflix do n't often run traditional commercials – if at all . In many cases , the outlets do n't have a regular apparatus to insert product and pitches into series like “ Transparent ” or “ House of Cards . ”
Madison Avenue hopes to change that – quickly .
“ More and more clients are struggling with the problem of eyeball shifting , ” says Brendan Gaul , chief content officer at Interpublic Group 's Universal McCann , a large media-buying firm that works for Coca-Cola and Johnson & Johnson , among others . With more consumers opting to watch shows from streaming hubs , “ our clients are coming to us , asking us to help them solve that problem : How do they get into the content , and how do they get into it in a meaningful way ? ”
Related TV 's Old Product-Placement Era Could Be Nearing Its End
Advertisers shift their gaze to streaming services as viewership of a longtime standby – traditional TV programming – in in flux . Total use of “ television ” programming among adults between 18 and 49 fell 5.9 % in September , according to Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser , compared with the same decline in August and a dip of 6.1 % in June . “ Viewing of unrated programming through internet-connected devices and of premium video on PCs , tablets and mobile phones are undoubtedly accounting for some of these declines , ” the analyst said .
Meantime , some portion of that traditional TV consumption is going ad free . Both AMC Networks and Fox Networks Group ' FX Networks have announced the launch of subscription-based services that will not run traditional commercials . Fox 's FX+ would run on Comcast and cost $ 6 per month for access to ad-free versions of many of the networks ' original series . AMC and Comcast are offering something similar for $ 5 a month . With Nielsen announcing a new effort Wednesday to measure viewership of content that streams on Netflix , and with the streaming-video service noting this week it intends to spend between $ 7 billion and $ 8 billion on content in 2018 , advertisers wonder if a new stream of ad revenue might help the company lighten its load .
As more so-called “ over the top ” services crop up , there is new pressure on streaming players to develop sturdier financial models that involve advertising , suggested Claudia Cahill , chief content officer at Omnicom Media Group , one of the nation 's largest media buyers that includes Pepsi and Apple on its client roster . “ Streaming platforms are on our innovation check list to focus on and try to figure out while still in the malleable stages , ” they say .
Netflix “ has probably set the highest bar ” against commercials , says Cahill , but advertisers remain interested . Meanwhile , Amazon has “ gone out with a group , a traditional sales group that understands the desire . We are all working together to try to figure out how to connect all of their offerings – data , ad models , e-commerce – to create something robust for clients . ”
Besides , some streaming services , including Hulu and Crackle , already run ad-supported options . CBS Corp. is open to weaving products into the programs it streams on its growing SVOD service , “ CBS All Access , ” the company said in a statement .
Chances are Netflix viewers wo n't be forced to pause for a commercial break during “ The Defenders ” or “ Stranger Things. ” And even though Amazon runs sponsored banners on the home page of its video-streaming operation and has begun to run commercials when it streams “ Thursday Night Football , ” it 's hard to imagine more traditional ads usurping its programs . Amazon and Netflix declined to comment .
But advertisers ' products have been turning up in their shows for years . Executives at Branded Entertainment Network , a company that works to weave advertiser products into content and is controlled by former Microsoft leader Bill Gates , have placed General Motors ' Buick in Netflix ' “ House of Cards ” and Jose Cuervo in its “ Fuller House ” ( above , pictured ) .
The company does this largely by working with production crews and looking at elements the shows might need to appear more realistic . “ We get involved early on a project where we are talking about characters and about story lines that are going to be coming up , ” explains Caressa Douglas , senior vice president of content at the company . Show producers “ can actually get our suggestions or mention brands that might be a good fit. ” Watkins , the producer , says Amazon allows their team to strike its own deals to help augment production , but notes they have been given a list of categories Amazon does not want involved in its programming .
Some advertising executives believe more is in the works . Kellogg Co. allowed its Eggo waffles to appear in Netflix ' “ Stranger Things ” without a financial transaction , but found its presence spurred people to talk about the product in a significant way . “ Eggo had more social mentions than over half of the Super Bowl advertisers , ” says Trinh Le , marketing director for Eggo , in a statement .
Madison Avenue ca n't ignore the streaming services , because they tend to attract an advertiser 's favorite customer : someone who is young and still eager to try new brands . But this field is trickier . Younger consumers were never taught they had to sit down at a certain time and day to watch an hour-long TV program that is routinely interrupted by commercials . If they do embrace something , however , they are more likely to share it with others , making a battle for their hearts and minds worth fighting .
“ The opportunity for such content to be immediately available and more positively prone to word of mouth between family , friends or colleagues ” is quite appealing , says Raymond Warren , senior manager of media and multicultural at General Motors ' Cadillac . Because streaming programs require subscriptions , they add , viewers are likely to be more engaged . Supporting streaming content , they say , “ will be increasingly important . ”
Hulu , which is owned by Comcast , Time Warner , Walt Disney and 21st Century Fox – some of the nation 's biggest producers of TV content – has been quite open to advertising in many forms . When the company launched , executives would brag about a technology that allowed users to choose the type of commercial they wanted to see . A user could watch a movie trailer , for example , or a pitch for a new car . These days , says Peter Naylor , Hulu 's senior vice president of ad sales , the company has lured Coca-Cola and Lexus to its runs of “ The Mindy Project. ” And there are some intriguing experiments on the horizon : “ We are going to do some brand integration into some virtual-reality projects we are working on , ” Naylor says .
Madison Avenue is likely to have continued entry to streaming programs . Watkins , the “ Hand of God ” producer , is eager to make their shows seem more realistic by using real-world gadgets and products . “ I want to be able to partner with brands that feed into the world that we are building , ” they say . “ The ideal scenario is you get extra money for the budget , but it 's also good for your story . ”
Debe Bell , 59 , a Colorado rabbit farmer who operated Six Bells Farm , has been found guilty on 35 counts of animal cruelty , The Denver Post reports .
Bell was charged with 55 counts of misdemeanor animal cruelty after authorities raided their Six Bell 's Farm in Arvada in July of 2011 and found the rabbits in `` inhumane and cruel '' conditions , 7News reports . They were found not guilty of animal cruelty in the deaths of 20 rabbits found in a freezer on the farm 's property .
Jefferson County Sherrif 's Office released this press statement about the shocking conditions the rabbits were kept in , `` After Officers and veterinarians ' did an initial inspection of the rabbits and the conditions they were being kept in , it was determined that the 200 rabbits needed to be seized for their welfare . The rabbits are being transported to the Jefferson County Fairgrounds for further evaluation and care by Foothills Animal Shelter . ''
The arrest affidavit describes horrifying conditions :
Piles of feces and pools of urine in many cases so profound that the animals are sitting or lying in it .
Impossible to determine sex of many of the rabbits due to severely matted and filthy coats .
Unacceptably high ammonia levels caused by excessive urine .
Many of the rabbit 's coats are so severely matted that they can not urinate or defacate without extreme difficulty .
There is a lack of food and water , resulting in `` terrible dehydration '' which is evidenced by `` tacky gums . ''
75 % more rabbits housed in the shed than the space allows .
The arrest affidavit went on to describe rabbits with severe eye discharge , nasal discharge and even a dead rabbit and another with a neurological disease . When Animal Control Officers and medical personnel placed clean bowls of water in front of the rabbits , the sick animals `` lunged '' at the bowls of water .
Bell 's attorney , Elizabeth Kearney , hoped to beat the charges against their client with the claim that Bell 's rabbits should be considered livestock , not pets , and that Jefferson County Sherrif 's are incorrectly enforcing standards for domesticated animals , according to The Denver Post .
Bell is scheduled for sentencing in March , they could receive up to 18 months in jail for each count of animal cruelty .
Photos taken at the scene of Six Bell 's Farm animal cruelty call in July 2011 . The animals were seized due to the conditions , following a search warrant . Courtesy of Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office . WARNING : PHOTOS ARE GRAPHIC .
Edit : Thanks for your comments and ideas , I added a new section to my post below . This post is a work in progress , that I intend to develop with you .
State of Smartphone Software Updates
In October 2013 , Apple announced and started selling the iPhone 5S . It was the first Apple smartphone to feature a 64bit processor and a ID fingerprint sensor . It cost around 700€ when introduced , since about a year , the price is stable at around 300€ . Repairing the display costs 160€ at a Apple Store , Battery service costs 90€ . Since it 's introduction , the iPhone 5S has received day one software updates , not only security updates but major OS upgrades . The phone was introduced with iOS 7 , it will run the iOS 11 version to be released this fall just fine . It is unclear if the device will receive iOS 12 or whatever next year , it certainly will get security and bugfix updates during the full iOS 11 lifetime – which means for longer then a year . Apple stopped selling the iPhone 5S 17 months ago . This is pretty near to the 5year lifetime many of us envision for our smartphones .
At the same month , October 2013 , Google launched the Nexus 5 with Android 4.4 . As a reference phone sold by Google , the Nexus 5 received Android Updates at their official launch . The latest major upgrade was Android 6 in fall 2016 , the last security update was released in October 2016 . Google stopped selling the Nexus 5 in March 2015 . This makes two major software updates and three years of software support . While this is exactly in line with Googles Software Policy for Nexus and Pixel phones , which promise two years of updates from release day and 18 months of security updates from the last day sold in the Google Store , this is two major updates and already a year less of software support compared to the still supported iPhone 5S , which is the same age . Google still includes Android 6 in its monthly security bulletins , by the way . The Nexus 5 sold for around 360€ .
The Fairphone 1 , launched in December 2013 , did not receive a single major OS upgrade ( or one if you count an prerelease Alpha build ) and stopped receiving security updates more than a year ago . Since shortly after it 's launch , it was clear that Fairphone would not be able to provide major Android Upgrades , without gaining control of the source code . And as the recent announcement shows , even that was not enough , Android 4.4 development was canceled , that essentially means the Fairphone 1 software was outdated since it 's launch and can be considered unsupported since over a year . That means less than three years of security updates and no major software upgrades for the OS at all . The Fairphone 1 cost 325€ . Support for the FP1 , including repairs and spare parts has been stopped by Fairphone .
The Sony Xperia Z3 compact was launched in fall 2014 with Android 4.4 . It received Android 5 in July 2015 ( six months after Android 5 was announced ) and Android 6 in April 2016 ( again six months after the OS was announced ) . The Z3 will not receive future Android Updates ( it uses the same chipset as the FP2 ) and it is on security level Mai 2016 ( Google started issuing monthly security updates ) . With two major software updates , the Z3 compact is actually more of a good then a bad example in the industry , however , it still means that the OS is unsupported since over 12months has only received support for 18months . It cost around 400€ when launched .
The Xperia Z5 compact was launched in December 2015 with Android 5 Lollipop , it received Android 6 in spring 2016 and Android 7 in winter 2017 . Since June 2017 , it 's one of the very few non Google phones running Android 7.1.1 . It received some security updates and is currently on Security Level June 1. , 2017 . It 's unclear if the Z5 compact will receive an Update to the next Android release “ O ” or if future security updates will be released . That makes 17 months of software support as of now . The list price was 550€ in early 2016 .
The Fairphone 2 was launched in December 2015 with Android 5 . It received Android 6 in spring 2017 and has since received regular security updates . It 's at Security Level June 1. , 2017 as of writing and still in software support . However , it can not receive Android 7 with Google certification , since it uses the same chipset as the Xperia Z3 , a Snapdragon 801 by Qualcomm . It remains to be seen if Fairphone can pull some tricks at get major software upgrades for the FP2 through Lineage OS , but i would not count on it , so users who want to upgrade to Android 7 or newer will need to use community build and maintained software .
Is the only way to prevent software obsolescence to buy Apple ?
At the moment , it seems so . If we want our devices to live a long live , software updates are essential . Not only do they keep the software secure and make sure you can install new apps , they also reduce the incentive and need to buy new hardware . At work , we can safely develop apps using old iPhone 5S phones , but still use all the latest APIs , for example . And since the OS is ( almost ) exactly the same on all iPhones , there is less incentive to be a new phone just to be on the bleeding edge .
As a software developer , i stop supporting old version of iOS not earlier than half a year after the next iOS release is out , if possible , to give users enough time to upgrade . That means if you bought an iPhone 5S in 2013 , you will probably still be able to run my app in spring 2019 and i only have to test two OS versions .
If you bought an Nexus 5 in 2013 , by 2019 you would be running a device that has not received security updates for over two years . I probably wont be able to stop support for Android 6 by then without loosing marketshare , but I need to test support not one or two OS releases but four . As a developer , I will probably not be using Android 6 by then , but a newer OS , as most users will . There will be very little incentives to fix bugs affecting your platform/version only and you will miss out features I can only provide on newer versions .
Whats the reason for this difference ?
I see three main reasons for this difference in software support :
Finances Incentive Control Architecture of the OS
Finances
Apple is the most successful smartphone produces in the world . It has not only industry leading devices and software , but probably also the highest profit per device in the industry . That leaves more reserves to keep supporting older hardware , since all the support time has to be calculated in the device price . Profits in Android smartphones are said to be razor thin , at least if you are not in the high price model range , in which only very few manufactures have reasonable marketshare .
On the other hand , Apple devices a more pricey and customers expect better and longer support . This reflects in very high prices in the second hand market . How are you supposed to sell a used Android device for a good price if it has already been abandoned by the vendor .
Incentive
Apple has an image to lose . But more importantly , in stark contrast to Android manufacturers ( except for Google ) , Apple continues to make money after the device is sold through App Store shopping and subscriptions to Apple and third party apps and services . This is doubly important : Again , it provides financial resources , but it also is a strong incentive to keep existing users happy . Everytime an iPhone is abandoned , Apple risks loosing customers to the far less expensive and sometimes technically superior Android world .
Android manufacturers make all their money when the device is sold . Larger manufacturers experimented with own app stores to get a small piece of the money , but all of them were ill-fated . In Europe and the US , the only relevant market for apps and services is the Play Store . And those profits go to Google . You could say that 's fair , since Google develops the Software and the manufacturer the hardware , but that is not the point . The point is : It provides very few incentives for manufacturers to keep older devices alive . They only have to support them long enough to prevent public outroar .
Control
Apple controls software and hardware development , including the chipset . On Android , on the other hand , there are several hundred manufacturers building thousands of different smartphones . They use software from Google and SoC from Qualcomm or MediaTek or their own . They simply do n't have the same level of control over their product and product lifecycle as Apple does . Even if Sony and Fairphone wanted to bring Android 7 to their respective devices , they simple ca n't since the cant pass the Android 7 compatibility certification . If that is Google 's or Qualcomms fault or if both companies are equally to blame is still undecided .
By the way , the Google Pixel is the first device that 's not only sold but also developed by Google . That did not improve the support times mentioned above .
Solutions
I think I established a key point : Software maintenance is required to prevent obsolescence and Apple is leading in this area with iOS Software support . When I asked for your opinions on the post above , a frequent response was that I missed custom ROMs . Below I explain why I currently do n't think they are the solution to that problem .
Custom roms
A custom rom is a software ( OS ) you install on your smartphone , that is not provided by your manufacturer , but a third party . The best known custom rom was CyanogenOS , now it is Lineage OS . Custom roms are provided by enthusiasts , support length and quality vary between devices . Getting them to work required a lot of work , deep knowledge of Android and Linux programming and some tricks that manufacturers of devices can not pull . Initiatives like Fairphone Open Source or Sony Open Devices can make porting customs roms to specific devices easier . At their best , custom roms provide long-time , up-to-date software that is maintained without a commercial interest . Still , by definition , they are by a third party . They are able to support older devices and can be developed by relativly few people since they do not need to go through certification , neither by Google nor by carries or governements . They come without Google Apps which are essential to many users and they are not supported , in a traditional sense , by the manufacturer .
Custom roms can be a fallback for enthusiasts , and i think it is important to support them through any means possible . But I do n't consider them a solution for the typical user .
Alternative Open Source Operating Systems
Note : Fairphone provides “ Fairphone Open OS ” , an Android based operating system that is in general compatible with Googles Version of Android , but lacking Googles Applications , especially the Play Store and some services popular with app developers . I do n't consider that an alternative operating system .
Similiar to many popular variants of Linux on the Desktop , there a few Open Sources Operating System apart from Android . However , all efforts to establish more operating systems in the mobile space failed , in my view . Microsofts Windows Phone is history and Windows 10 on phones pratically non-existent , Microsofts Apps famously are better supported on iOS and Android compared to their on mobile OS . Blackberry stopped developing their technically interesting BlackBerry 10 OS , Mozilla stopped Firefox OS , a web based mobile OS that failed like WebOS , developed by Palm , then HP , years ago . The Nokia , Intel and Samsung Initiative MeeGo failed to , while it 's ideas live on in Sailfish OS by Jolla and Tizen by Samsung . Canonical stopped developing UbuntuTouch just this year 's , after years of development .
We need to accept it : At that time , there is no alternative to Android if you want to have any chance of commercial success . I would argue there is no alternative to Android with Google Services , as it is installed on the Fairphone 2 , opposed to the Google free Fairphone Open OS , which I consider a niche . I love free software and I want it to develop in it 's niche . But it 's not , by any means , a solution for the problems above since it does not fit the requirements considered standard on a smartphone .
Interesting reads
Last week , City Council took the first step in creating a Tax-Increment Financing ( TIF ) district to help fund a new hotel at 15th and Chestnut . TIF 's allow cities to wager current tax revenue against future property tax appreciation . Traditionally these subsidies are allocated for downtown projects like hotels , convention centers and office buildings in the hope that tax subsidies will catalyze the surrounding neighborhood and lead to increased property and wage taxes . While these projects are often worthwhile , strategically targeted public school investment can also have a tremendous positive economic effect .
To begin , consider the gargantuan `` multiplier '' effect that the school district has on our economy . The public school system is a massive bureaucracy , and say what you will about inefficient bureaucracies , they spend a lot of money . The School District of Philadelphia employs 20,309 staff and teachers and puts nearly $ 3 billion into the economy . By contrast , the hotel industry employs nearly 8,000 people with revenues of $ 640 million .
So for a moment , forget about the fact that the provision of education is a moral imperative ( which it is ) or that the current schools crisis will affect our city 's future economic vitality ( which it will ) - and consider that , just like tourism , our school district has a tremendous economic impact on our neighborhoods and the region as a whole .
Given these market outcomes , maybe it 's time that the City and the School District consider public/private partnerships as a school financing tool . This is not a plea for more Charter schools which siphon money out of School District coffers . This is about leveraging our assets to raise more money for schools - not the least of which , is a real thirst for housing in quality school catchments .
Here 's one idea : I recently estimated that the now-closed University City High School wedged between Penn and Drexel could be worth more than $ 30 million . The School District could lease a piece of the massive parcel to Drexel for its proposed public school , and then use the remainder of the land to lure new private development to complement the Science Center/30th Street Station real estate boom . This would convert now vacant land into two new sources of revenue .
Among the more attractive features of the TIF program is that the developer is on the hook even if property taxes increases are not sufficient for paying down the bond . Given this fact , it is surprising that TIF is n't used more often , particularly considering how it 's become almost the de facto development tool elsewhere . Chicago alone has 163 active TIF projects .
Many people also do n't realize that the School District of Philadelphia is one of two entities ( Council is the other ) that vote on TIF projects . This means that if it wanted to , the School District could wield its voting influence in prioritizing development projects that favor its own mission .
If that sounds shady to you , let me reiterate the facts . The School District 's lone agenda is to educate our children . It is 1 of 2 entities that have a say in who gets TIF financing . It currently owns tens of millions of dollars worth of vacant real estate on huge land parcels throughout the City .
Capitalizing on these realities , in an effort to increase school quality , the School District itself could float a small ( several million dollar ) TIF bond to revitalize a vacant school building and bundle it with educational improvements ( better teachers , etc . ) and non-profit financed , affordable housing development . The incremental increase in residential property tax revenues could then be used to service the loan . This strategy is similar to the School Improvement District concept I 've previously discussed .
In this case , unlike the hotel TIF , no one could argue that the TIF prevents the City from collecting the incremental tax revenue increases for the 20-year life of the bond . The School District does n't pay property taxes on its schools to begin with .
In fact , such an intervention might have tremendously positive property tax repercussions . My own research has shown that home buyers value quality schools in Philadelphia and are willing to pay substantial price premiums to buy homes in quality catchments . Given this real estate `` spillover '' effect , it is likely that a good school would translate in to massive property tax increases in the surrounding neighborhood ( hence the need for new , affordable housing ) .
These gains might even be greater than the property tax effects of a new hotel in Center City .
The one downside of this plan is the otherwise attractive notion that the developer is responsible for the remainder of the bond not covered by the incremental property tax increases . If the School District is the `` developer '' , it would mean that taxpayers would be on the hook for the shortfall . One potential solution to this conundrum might be the Pennsylvania TIF Guarantee Program that `` guarantees all or part of a TIF bond issue , up to a maximum amount of $ 5 million per project . ''
Pennsylvania has this program in place in order to `` promote increased use of tax increment financing by local governments statewide as a tool for economic development . '' If you think about it , there is no greater form of economic development than increasing the skills and knowledge of our future workforce . Across a multitude of studies , the average private return ( read : wages ) for one additional year of education in the U.S. is 10 % - a staggering number .
All of this is to say that if the struggles of the last year have proven anything , it is that Pennsylvania state politicians are unlikely to appropriate more cash for our schools down the line . We should continue to press the state for a fair shake and for more support , but at the same time let 's try to think outside the box . Given the return on investment for education , if our `` extra '' tax dollars are good enough to subsidize Center City hotels , then no question , they are good enough to support our neighborhood schools .
Ken Steif is a Doctoral Candidate in the Graduate Group of the City & Regional Planning Program at the University of Pennsylvania . You can follow them on Twitter @ KenSteif
The BBC have today released promotional pictures for the fourth episode of the second series of smash hit drama Happy Valley , starring Sarah Lancashire and James Norton . Picking up from the end of the previous series , Sally Wainwright once again weaves a thrilling narrative set against the backdrop of Yorkshire 's wild and windy scenery . The fourth episode of Series Two is set to air on Tuesday the 1st of March on BBC One from 9:00pm to 10:00pm . Below , you can find the episode synopsis and more promotional pictures :
When a local sex worker is attacked by a client they turn to Catherine for help . Since they did n't recognise their attacker , the only lead they have is the vehicle they were picked up in . Catherine soon puts two and two together , leading to the arrest of a very well-known local .
With the anniversary of Becky 's death looming , Catherine , Clare and Daniel all pull together to give Ryan a happy birthday . But when Ryan finds a gift left for them on the doorstep by an anonymous sender , all celebrations are cut short and a rift opens between Catherine and their beloved grandson .
Clare is troubled by Neil 's latest revelation about a past relationship , and elsewhere farmer Darryl Garrs confronts the sheep rustlers from the estate – but do they take it too far ?
With thanks to BBC Media .
Advertisements
This jam is now over . It ran from to . View 12 entries
Hey everybody , it 's Tuesday !
Welcome to Giant ROM , a game jam for all things more or less related to Giant Bomb ! This Zero edition is meant to reunite all the cool games that have been made by awesome creators in the community , but not as part of a game jam . There are no rankings or prizes ; just a pile of ridiculous games . : D
If you have made a game that 's kinda-sorta related to Giant Bomb , send a PM to HavocHQ on giantbomb.com and I 'll help you add it to the list for posterity ! If you know about such a game , let the author know about this `` jam '' !
If you have n't made a game yet , stay tuned - another proper Giant ROM game jam will happen sooner or later ! In the meantime , check out the General Discussion section on the Giant Bomb forums for jam threads .
Share
Virtual reality has some of the highest recommended specifications for a platform in recent memory , easily beating out most contemporary games – especially considering that “ recommended ” is really more like a recommended minimum . To try and solve that , Valve has been working on lowering the requirements for its Vive headset . And it seems to have done so , making it possible to get on with just a R9 280 .
Previously the recommended specs for the Vive were almost identical to that of Oculus ' Rift CV1 headset : a i5 4590 or better , 8GB of RAM or more and a GTX 970 or R9 290 or better . That 's quite a tall order for many and in-fact less than 15 percent of all Steam gamers have a set up that powerful .
However the number of applicable VR gamers is now that bit lower , thanks to the adjustment of the Vive 's recommended specifications . Looking at the Vive site , it appears that a R9 280 is all that is required now .
That is great news for anyone who already owns a 280 , but also for those looking to upgrade their systems to a VR ready state . Although a little hard to come by , R9 280s can be found for well under $ 200 , meaning a ‘ VR Ready ' system is now a whole lot cheaper .
Specifically if you go with AMD , it seems , as the HTC Vive 's specifications still suggest a GTX 970 if you go the Nvidia route . Although a far newer and more powerful card than the R9 280 , it is also much more expensive , upwards of $ 300 .
That means an AMD based system is certainly the cheapest way to get yourself ready for VR right now . While a stronger GPU might be recommended according to tests like Steam 's VR performance benchmark and it would certainly give you a better visual experience in VR games , the bar for entering into that virtual dimension certainly just became a lot lower .
BALTIMORE , MD . ( November 9 , 2011 ) – This morning , Mayor Rawlings-Blake celebrated the approval by the Board of Estimates of an exclusive negotiating agreement between the City and B-Cycle , a company which specializes in bike sharing programs across the nation . Bike sharing is a vital transportation option that provides bikes to the public for short-term use . Today 's Board of Estimates approval brings Baltimore one step closer to operating a successful bike share program in the city . “ I want to thank the Board of Estimates for approving the exclusive negotiating privilege with B-Cycle , ” said Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake . “ We are proud to partner with B-Cycle , which is a distinguished leader of successful bike sharing programs in progressive cities throughout the nation . By building on the alternative transportation system that is already in Baltimore , which includes the Charm City Circulator , new bike lanes , hybrid car charging stations , and car sharing with Zipcar , we can make our communities more livable and help our neighborhoods grow. ” Bike sharing concepts have become popular across the world—having started in Europe , in cities like Paris and London . In North America , bike share systems operate in Washington , DC , Minneapolis , Boston , Denver , Chicago , and Montreal . “ B-cycle is extremely excited and honored for the opportunity to work with the City of Baltimore to bring world class bike sharing to your city , ” said Lee Jones , Director of Sales at B-Cycle . Bike sharing allows for short-term bicycle rental to replace the need for a car when taking short trips in and around urban areas . Members can join a bike share system on an annual basis and have unlimited use of bicycles at half hour intervals . With stations established at key locations across the city , users take a bike from one station , pedal to their destination , and return the bike to another station . Bike sharing works with other transportation systems to reduce traffic congestion , improve air quality , and provide an inexpensive option for short-distance trips . Over the past few years , the Baltimore City Department of Transportation has been following bike share trends worldwide with the goal of bringing such a system to Baltimore . With a proven track record of operating successful bike share programs nationwide , B-Cycle was chosen as the preferred vendor . Formed by a partnership between Trek Bicycle , Humana , and Crispin Porter + Bogusky , B-cycle is based on a shared belief that bicycles should be a vehicle for positive health and environmental change , as well as an important part of a community 's transportation ecosystem . Since making its debut in Denver , CO in 2010 , B-cycle has been utilized over 100,000 times within that city , 43 % of which replaced a car trip in the city 's downtown area . The exclusive negotiating privilege provides B-Cycle with the opportunity to secure sponsors and recruit membership in the system . Within 180 days , B-Cycle must enter into a contract that guarantees no annual operating expense to the City . The City of Baltimore looks forward to having a vital bike sharing program , which will provide an inexpensive transportation option , reduce traffic congestion , and create a healthier environment for everyone . # # # Visit our Website @ www.baltimorecity.gov
“ I can see all of the devices in your home and I think I can control them , ” I said to Thomas Hatley , a complete stranger in Oregon who I had rudely awoken with an early phone call on a Thursday morning .
They and their wife were still in bed . Expressing surprise , they asked me to try to turn the master bedroom lights on and off . Sitting in my living room in San Francisco , I flipped the light switch with a click , and resisted the Poltergeist-like temptation to turn the television on as well .
“ They just came on and now they 're off , ” they said . “ I 'll be darned . ”
The home automation market was worth $ 1.5 billion in 2012 according to Reuters ; there 's been an explosion in products that promise to make our homes “ smarter . '' The best known is Nest , a thermostat that monitors inhabitants ' activity , learns their schedules and temperature preferences and heats or cools the house as it deems appropriate . Many of these products have smartphone apps and Web portals that let users operate devices , cameras , and locks from afar . Getting to live the Jetsons ' lifestyle has downsides though ; as we bring the things in our homes onto the Internet , we run into the same kind of security concerns we have for any connected device : they could get hacked .
Googling a very simple phrase led me to a list of “ smart homes ” that had done something rather stupid . The homes all have an automation system from Insteon that allows remote control of their lights , hot tubs , fans , televisions , water pumps , garage doors , cameras , and other devices , so that their owners can turn these things on and off with a smartphone app or via the Web . The dumb thing ? Their systems had been made crawl-able by search engines – meaning they show up in search results -- and due to Insteon not requiring user names and passwords by default in a now-discontinued product , I was able to click on the links , giving me the ability to turn these people 's homes into haunted houses , energy-consumption nightmares , or even robbery targets . Opening a garage door could make a house ripe for actual physical intrusion .
Thomas Hatley 's home was one of eight that I was able to access . Sensitive information was revealed – not just what appliances and devices people had , but their time zone ( along with the closest major city to their home ) , IP addresses and even the name of a child ; apparently , the parents wanted the ability to pull the plug on their television from afar . In at least three cases , there was enough information to link the homes on the Internet to their locations in the real world . The names for most of the systems were generic , but in one of those cases , it included a street address that I was able to track down to a house in Connecticut .
When I called , a “ Craig ” picked up the phone . They revealed that they have a side job as a consultant who helps install Insteon devices in people 's homes , and had been using the system themselves for 10 years . I told them I could see ( and probably control ) their network and they became defensive .
“ There 's a password , though , ” they said testily . “ I want potential customers to be able to see the system to know how it works . You ca n't control them , you can just see them . ”
I asked them if I could try to turn one of their devices on and off . They told me to turn off the light in the room they were in . After I did it , there was a pregnant pause . “ Anything ? , ” I asked . They responded that nothing happened and rushed off the phone . I suspected they might be lying . The next day , Craig 's system was locked down , accessible only by username and password .
The Insteon vulnerability was one of many found in smarthome devices by David Bryan and Daniel Crowley , security researchers at Trustwave . Bryan got one of Insteon 's HUB devices in December , installed the app on their phone , and began monitoring how it worked .
“ What I saw concerned me , ” they said . “ There was no authentication between the handheld and any of the control commands . ”
`` You could put someone 's electric bill through the roof by turning on a hot tub heater , '' says Bryan . They contacted Insteon support by email and asked how to enable a username and password , and Trustwave recently sent the company a full advisory as to its vulnerabilities . The company later fixed the problem with HUB , issuing a recall for the devices in early 2013 , though it did not inform customers that the security vulnerability was one of the reasons for that recall .
Insteon chief information officer Mike Nunes says the systems that I 'm seeing online are from a product discontinued in the last year . They blamed user error for the appearance in search results , saying the older product was not originally intended for remote access , and to set this up required some savvy on the users ' part . The devices had come with an instruction manual telling users how to put the devices online which strongly advised them to add a username and password to the system . ( But , really , who reads instruction manuals closely ? )
`` This would require the user to have chosen to publish a link ( IP address ) to the Internet AND for them to have not set a username and password , '' says Nunes . I told Nunes that requiring a username/password by default is good security-by-design to protect people from making a mistake like this . `` It did not require it by default , but it supported it and encouraged it , '' they replied .
In Thomas Hatley 's case , they created a website that acted as the gateway for a number of services for their home . There is a password on their website , but you can circumvent that by going straight to the Insteon port , which was not password protected . “ I would say that some of the responsibility would be mine , because of how I have my internal router configured , '' says Hatley who describes themselves as a home automation enthusiast . “ But it 's coming from that port , and I did n't realize that port was accessible from the outside . ”
The company 's current product automatically assigns a username and password , but it did not during the first few months of release -- which is one of the products that Trustwave 's Bryan got . If you have one of those early products , you should really go through with that recall . Bryan rated the new authentication as `` poor '' saying that cracking it would `` be a trivial task for most security professionals . ''
The problem with Insteon products that do n't have password protection by default is similar to one found with Trendnet IP cameras a few years ago ; a lack of authentication meant that anyone who figured out the IP address for a particular camera could watch the camera 's stream—some streams were rather intimate . Even without a public-facing website , a vulnerability like this means that anyone who figures out how to identify the addresses for vulnerable systems – as happened with the Trendnet cameras -- could get access to and control of people 's homes .
“ I 'm excited these technologies exist but am heart-broken that these security flaws exist , ” says Trustwave 's Crowley .
They and their colleague found security flaws that would allow a digital intruder to take control of a number of sensitive devices beyond the Insteon systems , from the Belkin WeMo Switch to the Satis Smart Toilet . Yes , they found that a toilet was hackable . You only have to have the Android app for the $ 5,000 toilet on your phone and be close enough to the toilet to communicate with it .
“ It connects through Bluetooth , with no username or password using the pin ‘ 0000 ' , ” said Crowley . “ So anyone who has the application on their phone and was connected to the network could control anyone else 's toilet . You could turn the bidet on while someone 's in there . ”
They will present their findings – Home Invasion 2.0 -- at Black Hat and Defcon in the next two weeks , along with security engineer Jennifer Savage . Trustwave points out vulnerabilities like this in hopes of convincing companies of the importance of security testing before releasing products ( security testing that Trustwave offers ) .
Another problem with some of the devices , such as the Mi Casa Verde MIOS VeraLite , is that once they 're connected to a Wi-Fi network , they assume that anyone using that network is an authorized user . So if you can manage to get on someone 's Wi-Fi network – which is easy if they have no password on it – you could take control of their home .
“ These companies are considering the home network as a fortress , ” says Crowley . “ In most cases , it 's anything but . ”
Insteon 's flaw was worse in that it allowed access to any one via the Internet . The researchers could see the exposed systems online but were n't comfortable poking around further . I was -- but I was definitely nervous about it and made sure I had Insteon users ' permission before flickering their lights . Weighing on my mind was the CFAA/ '' unauthorized access '' to computer systems charges used to prosecute Aaron Swartz and to convict Andrew `` weev '' Auernheimer , a hacker who exposed a vulnerability in AT & T 's servers that leaked the email addresses of the company 's iPad 3G users .
“ This type of issue is very much like the one presented in the ‘ weev ' case , ” said Marcia Hofmann , a lawyer who specializes in Internet law and security matters . They are part of a team of lawyers appealing Auernheimer 's criminal conviction and 41-month prison sentence , a sentence that has had a chilling effect on other researchers who seek to expose security flaws in company 's products . Hofmann says the Trustwave researchers ' reluctance ( as well as my own wariness ) to poke around in something publicly available on the Internet to alert the users affected “ shows why that case is such a dangerous precedent . ”
“ The people who discovered this and reported it to the company so it can fix the problem should n't have to worry that they somehow ran afoul of the law , ” says Hofmann .
`` Hopefully , our talk will highlight that these kinds of devices do n't have very good security , and that they need to improve , '' says Trustwave 's Crowley . `` Most of these flaws were obvious from just a couple of hours of looking at it . ''
Follow @ kashhill
The two shared a conversation at Sundance Next Fest after a screening of Chon 's award-winning L.A. riots drama .
“ No tiki torches from any cowards here , ” Ava DuVernay declared from the stage at Sundance Next Fest on Saturday afternoon , the day after the start of the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Va . The acclaimed director , who made their own Sundance debut in 2012 with Middle of Nowhere , was in the rare position of playing interviewer , not interviewee , and they made the most of their opportunity .
“ Ninety-nine out of a hundred times , I 'm asked about [ race and gender ] . I 'm very seldom asked questions about filmmaking , ” they told Gook director Justin Chon following a screening of their film , which won the Audience Award for Sundance 's Next sidebar in January . “ So get ready for your craft questions ! ”
What ensued was a detailed conversation about lighting , 16mm versus digital film , master shots , “ one-ers ” and types of lenses , some of the specifics of which proved too esoteric for certain laypeople reporters . But the effect was educational nonetheless , particularly when DuVernay asked Chon to provide an anatomy of a specific Gook scene — the drama 's heart-in-the-throat climax , impressively captured in a single long shot ( the asupervisorstioned “ one-er ” ) by cinematographer Ante Cheng , whom DuVernay singled out for praise . The fact that Cheng is still a USC graduate student did n't prevent Chon from asking them to come onboard , as the director explained their hiring philosophy : “ Who are the people who need to be discovered ? ”
“ Is n't it nice to hear people of color filmmakers talk about craft ? ” DuVernay exclaimed . “ It 's like a unicorn . ”
Not that the two directors avoided discussing multiculturalism and representation , given that Chon 's film is entirely populated by Asian , black and Latino characters and set on April 29 , 1992 — the day four white LAPD officers were acquitted for beating Rodney King . But unlike past and upcoming films about the Los Angeles riots , Gook takes place not in South Central L.A. but in Paramount ( where , in real life , the shoe store owned by Chon 's father was looted ) , just across the 710 freeway from where DuVernay grew up . And Gook explores the racial tensions of the day from the seldom-represented Korean-American perspective , telling a slice-of-life tale of the friendship between shoe store owner Eli ( played by Chon ) and 11-year-old Kamilla ( newcomer Simone Baker ) , a black girl who prefers hanging out with Eli and their brother Daniel ( YouTube comedian and musician David So ) over going to school .
“ People were confused that the film was about two Korean-American brothers and one black girl , ” Chon said of their attempts to secure financing for the movie . “ But that was my reality . ”
Chon said that to find an actor for the pivotal role of Kamilla , they scouted local African-American churches ( the character sings and dances in the film ) after the traditional route turned up child actors who were too overly trained . Finally they found Baker at Fernando Pullum Community Arts Center , which provides free performing arts education to underserved students from ages 5 to 20 in south L.A . Meanwhile , Chon has been friends with So for years , and wrote the part of Daniel for him . “ He 's known for comedy , but [ he 's ] deep . I played to their strengths , ” Chon said . “ People who say there are no talented Asian actors ? Fuck that . David just has n't had the opportunity or the vehicle . ”
That Gook 's post-screening conversation was between a black filmmaker and a Korean-American filmmaker created some particular poignancy in the discussion . “ You play with some really electrifying racial tropes , ” DuVernay said , telling Chon that an early scene in which Kamilla is surveilled in a liquor store by its Korean owner triggered visceral memories of the Latasha Harlins shooting .
That 1991 incident still looms large in the memories of many black and Korean Americans who lived in Los Angeles during that time , as DuVernay and Chon both did . Harlins was a 15-year-old girl who was fatally shot in the back of the head by Soon Ja Du , a liquor store owner who mistakenly suspected them of shoplifting . Du was convicted of voluntary manslaughter , but a judge sentenced them to probation and community service rather than incarceration . DuVernay 's pain was evident as they recounted the case , which further eroded relations between the local black and Korean communities and has been considered a contributing factor to the violence of the riots a year later .
“ Being able to balance that tone was a real risky , bold , ballsy move , ” DuVernay said , asking Chon to discuss their responsibilities in invoking that imagery .
“ This was a scary movie to do . We 're talking about very heavy issues , ” Chon acknowledged . “ The backdrop of the acquittal of the four officers — as we all know , that 's still happening . I had to be conscious of all that . ”
Rogers Communications Inc. CEO Guy Laurence is defending the departure of far more wireless subscribers than expected in the last quarter , arguing the losses are a by-product of their broader strategy aimed at pleasing customers willing to spend more for better service and perks .
Canada 's largest wireless carrier said Thursday it lost a total of 58,000 postpaid subscribers in the fourth quarter , compared with the net gain of about 19,000 analysts had predicted the company would report .
But Mr. Laurence , who began implementing a plan to transform the company less than a year ago , said Rogers has added more value to its `` mid– and top-tier tariffs '' with features related to its NHL programming , a new streaming video service , and $ 5 per day roaming charges in the United States for customers on more expensive share plans for smartphones .
Story continues below advertisement
`` Consequently we 're adjusting the amount of investment we put into some of the other price tiers … people then have a choice as to how they view that in terms of value for money , '' Mr. Laurence said on a call with reporters after the company announced its earnings .
The company has been losing ground to Telus Corp. and Bell Mobility Inc. for several years after its rivals launched a joint network in 2009 and began selling Apple Inc. 's popular iPhone shortly thereafter .
And that competition is about stiffen with what the industry is calling the `` double cohort , '' when a higher-than-usual number of contracts will come up for renewal . Starting in June , three-year contracts that customers signed before a national wireless code limited contracts to two years will expire at the same time as a wave of two-year plans .
Mr. Laurence described Rogers 's subscriber loss as `` a tale of two cities , '' saying it had to be considered in the context of the company 's investment in add-ons that help retain higher-spending customers . `` You 've got significant improvement in customer satisfaction with the mid– and high-tiers and you 've got a small number of people that have decided that it 's not for them . ''
`` But overall , I think you 've got to put in context that we 're talking about circa 50,000 people out of 9.4 million , '' they added .
At the end of the year , Rogers had 9.45 million total postpaid and prepaid subscribers in its all-important wireless division . Its national rivals Bell and Telus , which will report fourth-quarter results over the coming two weeks , both had around 8 million mobile customers in the third quarter of 2014 . ( Bell Mobility is owned by BCE Inc. , which also owns 15 per cent of the Globe and Mail . )
While Rogers is shedding contract customers , those who remain are paying more , with average monthly revenue per user increasing 1.6 per cent from a year earlier to $ 67.43 in the fourth quarter , ahead of analyst estimates of $ 66.40 .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Laurence , the former Vodafone UK Ltd. CEO who joined Rogers in December , 2013 , said subscribers are choosing to pay more because they see value in the new services Rogers is offering .
`` The thing to bear in mind on [ increases in average revenue per user ] is , yes , that 's true , but it 's not coming from price increases . It 's coming from the fact that they want to buy more products and services from us , '' they said .
Rogers also lost a total of 58,000 cable subscribers in the period , more than the loss of 29,000 analysts expected , leading to what Macquarie Capital analyst Greg MacDonald said they believed to be `` the worst subscriber result in the company 's history . ''
Despite the challenges on the subscriber side , the company reported better than expected financial results with adjusted earnings of 69 cents per share , ahead of the 64 cents analysts on average predicted .
Fourth-quarter profit fell to $ 297-million , or 57 cents a share , from $ 320-million , or 62 cents , a year ago . Revenue rose 4 per cent to $ 3.37-billion . Analysts expected $ 3.36-billion .
The company said Thursday it expects 2015 adjusted operating profit of $ 5.02-billion to $ 5.175-billion .
Story continues below advertisement
Rogers raised its quarterly dividend by about 5 per cent to 48 cents a share .
With files from Bloomberg News
Dear MediaTek ,
Lots of people have bough Android devices with MediaTek chips inside .
For many of those people , trying to keep their devices updated to the latest version of Android has been an exercise in futility .
The main issue with your platform seems to be it 's closed nature .
Because of that , it 's extremely difficult for the Android developer community to provide any support for devices that rely on MediaTek chips .
Please , openly provide all necessary binaries and source , so there can be proper Android developer community support for MediaTek based devices .
Basically , ﻿ full support for AOSP + Custom ROMs .
You could aim to be the `` Asian Nexus '' and reap all the benefits of the Android developer community enthusiasts .
For more information :
Google Nexus devices : http : //www.google.com/nexus/
XDA Developers forum : http : //forum.xda-developers.com/
AOSP : https : //android.googlesource.com/
CyanogenMod ( Custom ROM ) : http : //get.cm/
Paranoid Android ( Custom ROM ) : http : //www.paranoid-rom.com/
AOKP ( Custom ROM ) : http : //aokp.co/
Thanks in advance .
Regards .
Links
CHILE — The involvement of the U.S. military in an upcoming multilateral military drill in South America has raised concerns over potential ulterior motives on the part of the U.S . The drill , dubbed “ Operation : America United , ” will involve the installation of a temporary military base on the triple border shared by the drill 's other participating nations : Peru , Brazil and Colombia .
According to Theofilo de Oliveira , the top general of the Brazilian Armed Forces , the U.S. military will carry out the drill along with the three Latin American nations this November over a period of ten days . The Brazilian military has asserted that the objective of the exercise is to “ develop greater knowledge , share experiences and develop mutual trust. ” Brazilian government officials have strongly denied rumors that the exercise will lead to the establishment of a multinational military base in the Amazon .
The U.S. was invited to participate by Brazil 's unelected president Michel Temer , who has notably boosted Brazilian military spending by 36 percent while simultaneously freezing public spending for two decades through a controversial constitutional amendment .
A friendly relationship with Brazil 's military is key for the U.S. ' strategic interest in South America . As Hector Luis Saint Pierre – coordinator of international security , defense and strategy at the Brazilian Association of International Relations – told the BBC : “ Brazil is a strategic partner for the doctrine of the military . If the United States has a good relationship with the Brazilian navy , it is easier to spread its message among the military in the region . ”
Pierre pointed out that the drill is of particular interest to the U.S. , as it presents an opportunity to focus on the political situation in Venezuela . According to Telesur , President Donald Trump has already met with the presidents of Peru and Colombia to discuss the U.S. ' interest in Venezuela .
As MintPress has previously reported , Venezuela has been the target of ongoing economic warfare as the U.S. continues to disrupt the leftist government first brought to power by the late Hugo Chávez . While Nicolás Maduro – Chávez 's successor – certainly bears some of the blame for Venezuela 's current situation , the U.S. has worked to covertly devastate the Venezuelan economy through a combination of sanctions and oil price manipulation .
With its cash reserves quickly dwindling as a result , Maduro 's embattled government will likely go bankrupt at some point in the next several months , as nearly 70 percent of its remaining reserves must be used to pay back interest on loans from foreign governments . When “ Operation : America United ” begins , the situation in Venezuela is highly likely to be much more dire and Maduro 's government on the verge of collapse .
In addition , the U.S. has funneled millions to Venezuelan opposition parties since the failed U.S.-led coup against Chávez in 2002 , having spent an estimated $ 50 to $ 60 million since Chávez 's election on bolstering the country 's right wing . Now , that figure is set to grow substantially as the U.S. Senate is set to vote on a bill that would funnel millions more to the Venezuelan opposition , as well as unnamed non-government organizations .
The bill , titled the “ Venezuela Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act , ” seeks to offer $ 10 million in “ humanitarian assistance ” to Venezuela and another $ 10 million for “ democracy promotion . ”
As the bill itself points out , the U.S. is extremely interested in the financial situation in Venezuela , particularly due to U.S. concerns that Russia may gain control of Venezuelan oil infrastructure if the Maduro government ends up declaring bankruptcy .
Within the text of the bill , concerns are raised regarding Venezuelan state-owned oil company PDVSA and its transactions with Rosneft , a Russian state-owned oil company . As TeleSur noted : “ fearful that PDVSA could default on its $ 4- and $ 5-billion dollar loans from Rosneft , regardless of Venezuela 's steadfast debt repayments , the bill warned that Rosneft could come into control of PDVSA 's U.S. subsidiary , CITGO Petroleum Corporation , which ‘ controls critical energy infrastructure in 19 States in the United States . ' ” Seeing as Russia has already seized Venezuelan oil for unpaid bills despite their political alliance , this fear is not unfounded .
While the U.S. has held drills in South America in the past with little fanfare , the timing and location of the new drill , as well as the nations involved in it , have raised speculation about the U.S. ' current objectives in South America .
Given the U.S. fear of Venezuelan oil becoming the property of the Russian government , as well as the U.S. ' documented history of overthrowing and undermining leftist governments in Venezuela , “ Operation : American United ” may be less of a drill and more of what its name implies – a way to bring Venezuela , along with other South American nations , back into the fold of U.S. influence .
Underside of a Tech Deck fingerboard including Japanese-style graphics . There are also more professional fingerboards made of wood .
A fingerboard is a working replica ( about 1:8 scaled ) of a skateboard that a person `` rides '' by replicating skateboarding maneuvers with their fingers , invented by Cameron Fox Bryant . The device itself is a scaled-down skateboard complete with graphics , trucks and moving wheels . [ 1 ] A fingerboard is commonly about 100 millimeters long , and can have a variety of widths ranging from 26 to 34 mm . Skateboarding tricks may be performed using fingers instead of feet . Tricks done on a fingerboard are inspired by tricks done on real skateboards . Pofessional skateboarder Lance Mountain is widely credited as making the first fingerboard , and their skit in Powell-Peralta 's `` Future Primitive '' video brought fingerboarding to the skateboarders of the world in the mid-1980s . Around the same time , they wrote an article on how to make fingerboards in TransWorld SKATEboarding magazine . [ 1 ]
Although fingerboarding was a novelty within the skateboarding industry for years , as skateboarding reached enormous and widespread popularity in the late 1990s , Canadian toymaker Spin Master realized the potential for the toys , specifically for products bearing the logos and branding of real skateboarding brands , and introduced the Tech Deck brand . These fingerboards caught on during this period and the brand has since grown into a widely recognized icon in the toy business . Toy fingerboards like Tech Decks are now available as inexpensive novelty toys as well as high-end collectibles , complete with accessories one would find in use with standard-size skateboards . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Fingerboards are also used by skateboarders as 3-D model visual aids to understand potential tricks and maneuvers ; [ 5 ] many users make videos to document their efforts . [ 6 ] [ 7 ]
Similar to fingerboarding , although less popular , handboarding involves a scaled-down version of a skateboard that a user controls with their hands .
History [ edit ]
Fingerboards were first created as homemade toys in the late 1960s and later became a novelty attached to keychains in skate shops ( but were also mentioned as a model for a skateboard ) . [ 3 ] In the 1985 Powell-Peralta skateboarding video `` Future Primitive , '' Lance Mountain rode a homemade fingerboard in a double-bin sink . It is widely accepted that this is where the idea for the Animal Chin ramp came from . Some consider this the earliest fingerboard footage available for public viewing . That homemade fingerboard was built from wood , tubes , and toy train axles . [ 1 ]
Fingerboards have been a peripheral part of the skateboarding industry since the late 1980s and were originally marketed as keychains . [ 1 ] Although barely `` rideable , '' they were improved upon by the Tech Deck brand which mass-produced a `` rideable '' miniature skateboard . [ 3 ] The first entertainment licensed fingerboards were introduced by Bratz Toys , released through a Hong Kong-based toy company named Prime Time Toys , and designed by Pangea , the company that helped develop the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles toy line for Playmates Toys . The designs were harnessed from entertainment properties such as `` Speed Racer , '' `` Woody Woodpecker , '' `` NASCAR , '' `` Heavy Metal , '' and `` Crash Bandicoot . '' The licensed boards drove the Tech Deck brand into licensing strong urban brands , rather than simply creating their own designs . In the late 1990s , as fingerboards became more prominent outside the skateboarding community , X-Concepts ' Tech Decks licensed `` actual pro graphics from major skateboard brands '' riding `` the 1999 fingerboard wave right into Wal-Mart and other major outlets . `` [ 1 ] In 1999 there was a Tech Deck fashion of collecting one of each design similar to the Beanie Baby fad months prior . [ 1 ] Thus , Tech Deck , and its distributors at Spin Master Toys , suddenly found themselves a large market to milk . Entertainment-based fingerboard brands could n't compete against the urban juggernaut , and eventually disappeared . Other `` major players in the skateboard industry '' soon followed in hopes of reaping profits as young toy-playing children would choose to take up fingerboarding . [ 1 ] More modern fingerboards feature `` interchangeable wheels and trucks , a fairly accurate scale size , and pad-printed graphics reproduced from the most popular skateboard companies in the business . `` [ 1 ] They thus developed the fingerboard into a collectible toy and the practice into a `` form of mental skating '' . [ 3 ]
Fingerboarding is popular in Europe , Singapore , Asia and the United States , and there is growing popularity in Eastern Europe . [ 3 ] [ 8 ] Besides skateshops and the internet , Fingaspeak , a fingerboard store opened in Steyr , Austria although rumored to be the world 's first fingerboard store , it joins a very small list of fingerboard stores that are available . [ 3 ] Although the sport of fingerboarding originated in the United States over 25 years ago it has really caught on fire in the European scene . The United States is following and it is estimated that although the popularity seems to be in favor of the Europeans , the American Fingerboard scene has equal sales . This may be due to the flooding of the market and the availability of resources in the United States . Fingerboarding has evolved from a hobby to a lifestyle for some people . Fingerboarders have regular `` contests , fairs , workshops and other events '' . Example of these events are : FastFingers , and FlatFace Rendezvous . [ 1 ] [ 3 ] Fingerboard-product sales were estimated at $ 120-million for 1999 . [ 1 ]
Fingerboarding is a good match for videography as the action can be controlled and framing the activity offers opportunities for creativity . [ 9 ] With the rise of the online video business from early 2006 , [ 10 ] fueled , in part , because the feature that allows e-mailing clips to friends , [ 11 ] several thousand finger board and handboard videos can now be found on popular video-sharing sites such as YouTube . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 12 ] Thus even if the weather does not permit a skateboarder to practice outside they could try a potential trick with their scaled-down fingerboard and related items and share the video with whomever they wished .
Usage [ edit ]
Fingerboards are used by a range of people from those utilizing them as toys to skateboarding and related sports professionals envisioning not only their own skating maneuvers but for others as well and can include the use for planning out competition courses as skateboarding develops into an international sport . Similar to train enthusiasts building railway models , fingerboard hobbyists often construct and purchase reduced scale model figures that would be considered natural features to an urban skateboarder such as handrails , benches , and stairs they would be likely to encounter while riding . In addition users might build and buy items seen in a skatepark including half-pipes , [ 13 ] quarter pipes , trick boxes , vert ramps , [ 14 ] pyramids , banked ramps , full pipes , and any number of other trick-oriented objects . [ 15 ] These objects can be used simply for enjoyment and also to assist the visualization of skateboarding tricks or the `` flow '' from one trick to the next ( colloquially referred to as `` lines '' ) . Fingerboarding events feature some of the latest elaborate models and accessories ; many of the manufacturers features photos and videos on their websites .
Components [ edit ]
The parts of a fingerboard are : deck , tape ( grip , rip tape , rubber tape ) , trucks , bushings , and wheels . The trucks and decks can easily be modified ( modding ) to reduce weight , improve smoothness or look better . Modding tutorials can be found online . Decks are the major component of a board and where , on a standard skateboard , one would stand . There is a wide variety of decks with material ranging from wood to plastic , to paper . Most commonly , decks are made out of wood , as this gives it more `` pop '' and a more authentic feel . The average deck will have two kicks - a flared end used for leveraging the board - while some old-school models have only one end flared . During the early stages of the fingerboarding scene , decks traditionally had lower kicks like that of a Berlinwood Old Mold or a Tech Deck however , the `` default '' shape nowadays has medium kicks and low concave . Some decks have higher kicks , like Aphlikshun 's K Deck , and if the kicks are very steep , they are referred to as `` wall kicks '' . Some companies offer complete custom fingerboards , such as , which type of shape , graphic , or ply they want . Examples : Yellowood , Diamond Decks Fingerboard , Berlinwood , Flatface , Lowpro .
Griptape is the friction tape adhered to the topside of the deck to enable users to more easily maintain control of the board . There are many types of griptape . Some use standard skateboard griptape , although the griptape may wear out faster on fingerboards as they endure more moisture from the sweat and oils of a user 's hands . There are also softer alternatives and grippy tape which is less harsh on a user 's fingers allowing them to fingerboard for longer periods of time . Examples of this tape are Riptape , FBS Extra Smooth , No Comply Foamy Greatness , and Yellowood 's Slim Tape . Trucks are the structures attached to the bottom of the deck that house the wheels and bushings . Some trucks are all one molded piece while others are scaled-down versions of regular skateboard trucks . Example : BRR Trucks , Y-Trucks . As fingerboarding has evolved `` collector '' and `` pro '' versions have emerged with some brands shaped using special instruments to make them lighter and look better . Bushings are pliable material that provide the cushion mechanism for turning a standard skateboard but on a fingerboard help stabilize the trucks thus keeping the wheels in the same position to enable stronger tricks and visual appeal . Collector and `` pro '' brand bushings are made from many different types of squishy material , usually rubberized plastic or rubber . The wheels can determine how smooth the ride is thus what kind of `` flow '' a user 's ride can be . The professional brands are traditionally made out of a variety of different materials , and have small ball-bearings inside the bearings to enhance the smoothness . A couple examples of these wheels , Flatface Wheels , Ywheels , Oak Wheels , and Winkler Wheels .
Tech Deck makes hard plastic as well as wooden skateboards and borrows designs from many well-known skateboard manufacturers , such as Blind , Flip , and Element . [ 1 ] They use grip tape , and professional graphics on most of their decks . The stock trucks on Tech Decks are made of die-cast metal and have two separate axles for the wheels to roll on . The wheels are made out of plastic along with the bushings . Some fingerboarders prefer the feel and performance of decks made from wood . Wooden decks can be made from 3-7 plies of a given veneer ; maple , walnut , and mahogany being the most popular . All of the hole-drilling and shaping is done by hand or with the aid of a machine , thus the price is higher . A wooden deck from a popular company can have a low to high price range usually depending on the quality of the deck one is to purchase , prices range from 10 - $ 52 USD . Wooden fingerboard makers are now offering custom designs ; the buyer can choose from their line of graphics or send in their own . The wooden boards come in a variety of widths from 26 - 32 mm and concave can vary greatly from maker to maker . Some companies offer even more customization options such as the choosing of the plies used to go into the deck , as well as the width/length of the deck . Along with wooden decks , advanced fingerboarder 's also tend to prefer bearing wheels to plastic . Bearing wheels can be made from a range of materials such as teflon , urethane , silicon , fiberglass , and even clay . The wheels are usually put into a lathe to ensure the best shape . Once the wheels have been readied , bearings are put into place to increase the smoothness of the wheels rolling on the axle . Tuning screws for the wheels cause the wheels to roll more smoothly . Rather than using the stock axles and kingpins that come on Tech Deck trucks , some more advanced fingerboards use tuning screws , softer 'foam griptape ' and custom kingpins to ensure that wheels and hangars are more properly secured . Example : Blackriver Trucks and YTrucks . Board rails can be added to the deck bottom similar to those used on a standard skateboard . Fingerboards made with plastic are sometimes modified by heating the plastic to shape it , such as making the kicks higher or adding concavity .
Fingersnowboarding and handboards [ edit ]
chicken on a mini-skateboard , similar to a handboard .
Similar to fingerboarding , fingersnowboarding is snowboarding on a small-scale snowboard controlled with one 's fingers . In December 1999 the first-ever World Snowboard Fingerboard Championships was held with a cash prize of C $ 1,000.00 . [ 16 ] Sponsored by companies such as Gravity Fingerboards , Transworld Snowboarding and Snowboard Life magazines and others the competition featured twenty competitors utilizing a custom `` fingerboard snowboard park . `` [ 16 ] Tom Sims , a world champion of snowboarding , [ 17 ] ended their run by landing their fingersnowboard into a flaming shotglass of Sambuka ; they were treated for minor burns and donated their winning prize to Surfrider Foundation 's Snowrider Project and to Board AID . [ 16 ] ( A photo of the course can be seen here [ 1 ] . )
Handboards , similar to fingerboards , are a scaled-down version of a skateboard roughly half to a third of the size of a standard skateboard ( 29 centimeters or 11 in ) and utilizes a person 's hands rather than just their fingers to control the board and perform tricks and maneuvers . Handboards , because of their larger size , more closely match details of a standard skateboard . For instance a skateboard truck , the wheel structure , would more likely to match part for part an actual skateboard truck rather than be a cast one-piece construction or otherwise simplified . If a user preferred a particular type of wood or decorative style that could also more easily resemble a full-scale skateboard .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
In December of 2008 photographer Patrick Cariou filed suit against Ricard Prince , Gagosian Gallery , Lawrence Gagosian and Rizzoli International Publications in federal district court ( here ) . The suit came about after Prince appropriated 28 images from Patrick 's Yes Rasta book for their Canal Zone exhibit at the Gagosian gallery . Several of the pieces , as you can see from the comparisons below , were barely changed under the “ artist 's ” hand .
Yesterday , US District Judge Deborah A. Batts ruled on the cross-motions for summary judgment :
Defendants Richard Prince , Gagosian Gallery , Inc. , and Lawrence Gagosian seek a determination that their use of Plaintiff 's copyrighted photographs was a fair use under the relevant section of the Copyright Act , 17 U.S.C . §§ 107 ( 1 ) - ( 4 ) , and that Plaintiff 's claim for conspiracy to violate their rights under the Copyright Act is barred by law . Plaintiff seeks summary judgment in their favor on the issue of liability for copyright infringement .
They found that the use by Prince was not Fair Use , the conspiracy claim was found to be barred by law and Patrick 's issue of liability for copyright infringement was granted in its entirety . In other words , Patrick won .
I 'm sure there will be an appeal , but this is quite a victory for photographers and the judgment is fascinating reading for fair use buffs ( download it here ) , What I really found interesting is how badly most people ( myself included ) interpret the transformation part of appropriating works . Everyone talks about adding value through transformation but the reality is that you must be commenting on the original image or expression in some way . This line quoted from Rogers vs. Koons puts the nail in the idea of adding value as some kind of transformation “ If an infringement of copyrightable expression could be justified as fair use solely on the basis of the infringer 's claim to a higher or different artistic use . . . there would be no practicable boundary to the fair use defense. ” Transforming a picture of President Obama into a poster does not qualify nor does comment on commercial advertising by taking close up shots of cowboys in cigarette advertising images .
I 've included some highlights from the 38 page filing :
Some of the paintings , like “ Graduation ( 2008 ) ” and “ Canal Zone ( 2008 ) , ” consist almost entirely of images taken from Yes , Rasta , albeit collaged , enlarged , cropped , tinted , and/or over-painted , while others , like “ lIe de France ( 2008 ) ” use portions of Yes , Rasta Photos as collage elements and also include appropriated photos from other sources and more substantial original painting . In total , Prince admits using at least 41 Photos from Yes , Rasta as elements of Canal Zone Paintings Other than by private sale to individuals Cariou knew and liked , the Photos have never been sold or licensed for use other than in the Yes , Rasta book . However , Cariou testified that they were negotiating with gallery owner Christiane CelIe ( “ CelIe ” ) , who planned to show and sell prints of the Yes , Rasta Photos at their Manhattan gallery , prior to the Canal Zone show 's opening . Cariou also testified that they intended in the future to issue artists ' editions of the Photos , which would be offered for sale to collectors . when CelIe became aware of the Canal Zone exhibition at the Gagosian Gallery , they cancelled the show they and Cariou had discussed . CelIe testified that they decided to cancel the show because they did not want to seem to be capitalizing on Prince 's success and notoriety , and because they did not want to exhibit work which had been “ done already ” at another gallery . Defendants assert that Cariou 's Photos are mere compilations of facts concerning Rastafarians and the Jamaican landscape , arranged with minimum creativity in a manner typical of their genre , and that the Photos are therefore not protectable as a matter of law , despite Plaintiff 's extensive testimony about the creative choices they made in taking , processing , developing , and selecting them . Unfortunately for Defendants , it has been a matter of settled law for well over one hundred years that creative photographs are worthy of copyright protection even when they depict real people and natural environments . See , ~ , Burrow-Giles Lithographic Co. v. Sarony , 111 U.S. 53 , 60 { 1884 } From the infancy of copyright protection , some opportunity for fair use of copyrighted materials has been thought necessary to fulfill copyright 's very purpose , “ [ t ] o promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts …. ” Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music , Inc. , 510 U.S. 569 , 575 ( 1994 ) ( quoting U.S . Const. , Art . I , § 8 , cl . 8 ) . At the Constitutional level , while the “ Copyright Clause and the First Amendment [ are ] intuitively in conflict , [ they ] were drafted to work together to prevent censorship ” such that “ the balance between the First Amendment and copyright is preserved , in part , by the idea/expression dichotomy and the doctrine of fair use although “ the monopoly created by copyright … rewards the individual author in order to benefit the public [ , ] ” on the other hand “ the monopoly protection of intellectual property that impeded referential analysis and the development of new ideas out of old would strangle the creative process . ”
Now , looking into the 4 factors that make up fair use :
( 1 ) the purpose and character of the use , including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes ;
( 2 ) the nature of the copyrighted work ;
( 3 ) the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole ; and
( 4 ) the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work .
The judge weighs each one :
1 . The Purpose and Character of Prince 's Use of the Photos
i. Transformative Use the fact that a work “ recast [ s ] , transform [ s ] , or adapt [ s ] an original work into a new mode of presentation , ” thus making it a “ derivative work ” under 17 U.S.C . § 101 , does not make the work “ transformative ” in the sense of the first fair use factor . The cases Defendants cite for the proposition that use of copyrighted materials as “ raw ingredients ” in the creation of new works is per se fair use do not support their position , and the Court is aware of no precedent holding that such use is fair absent transformative comment on the original . To the contrary , the illustrative fair uses listed in the preamble to § 107 ­ “ criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching [ … ] , scholarship , [ and ] research ” – all have at their core a focus on the original works or their historical context , and all of the precedent this Court can identify imposes a requirement that the new work in some way comment on , relate to the historical context of , or critically refer back to the original works . “ If an infringement of copyrightable expression could be justified as fair use solely on the basis of the infringer 's claim to a higher or different artistic use . . . there would be no practicable boundary to the fair use defense. ” Rogers v. Koons , 960 F.2d at 310 . The Court therefore declines Defendants ' invitation to find that appropriation art is per se fair use , regardless of whether or not the new artwork in any way comments on the original works appropriated . Accordingly , Prince 's Paintings are transformative only to the extent that they comment on the Photos ; to the extent they merely recast , transform , or adapt the Photos , Prince 's Paintings are instead infringing derivative works . Prince testified that they do n't “ really have a message ” they attempt to communicate when making art . ii . Commerciality As a result of these and other marketing efforts , Gagosian Gallery sold eight of the Canal Zone Paintings for a total of $ 10,480,000.00 , 60 % of which went to Prince and 40 % of which went to Gagosian Gallery . Seven other Canal Zone Paintings were exchanged for art with an estimated value between $ 6,000,000.00 and $ 8,000,000.00 . Gagosian Gallery sold $ 6,784.00 worth of Canal Zone exhibition catalogs . This Court recognizes the inherent public interest and cultural value of public exhibition of art and of an overall increase in public access to artwork . However , the facts before the Court show that Defendants ' use and exploitation of the Photos was also substantially commercial , especially where the Gagosian Defendants are concerned . iii . Bad Faith Prince 's employee contacted the publisher of Yes , Rasta to purchase additional copies of the book , but apparently neither Prince nor their employee ever asked the publisher about licensing or otherwise sought permission to use Yes , Rasta or the Photos contained therein legitimately . Nor did Prince attempt to contact Cariou by email and inquire about usage rights to the Photos , even though Yes , Rasta clearly identified Cariou as the sole copyright holder and even though Cariou 's publicly-accessible website includes an email address at which they may be reached . Under these circumstances , Prince 's bad faith is evident . Moreover , since the record establishes that the Gagosian Defendants were aware that Prince is an habitual user of other artists ' copyrighted work , without permission , and because the record is equally clear that the Gagosian Defendants neither inquired into whether Prince had obtained permission to use the Photos contained in the Canal Zone Paintings nor ceased their commercial exploitation of the Paintings after receiving Cariou 's cease-and-desist notice , the bad faith of the Gagosian Defendants is equally clear
2 . The Nature of the Copyrighted Work
“ The statutory articulation of this factor derives from Justice Story 's mention … of the ‘ value of the materials used . ' Justice Story 's word choice is more communicative than our statute 's ‘ nature of , ' as it suggests that some protected matter is more ‘ valued ' under copyright that others . This should not be seen as an invitation to judges to pass on [ artistic ] quality , but rather to consider whether the protected [ work ] is of the creative or instructive type that the copyright laws value and seek to foster. ” Here , the Court finds that Cariou 's Photos are highly original and creative artistic works and that they constitute “ creative expression for public dissemination ” and thus “ fall [ ] within the core of the copyright 's protective purposes . ”
3 . The Amount and Substantiality of the Portion Used
In a number of their Paintings , Prince appropriated entire Photos , and in the majority of their Paintings , Prince appropriated the central figures depicted in portraits taken by Cariou and published in Yes , Rasta . Those central figures are of overwhelming quality and importance to Cariou 's Photos , going to the very heart of their work .
4 . The Effect of the Use Upon the Potential Market for or Value of the Copyrighted Work
Defendants ' protestations that Cariou has not marketed their Photos more aggressively ( or , indeed , as aggressively as Prince has marketed their Paintings ) are unavailing . As the Second Circuit has previously emphasized , the “ potential market ” for the copyrighted work and its derivatives must be examined , even if the “ author has disavowed any intention to publish them during their lifetime , ” given that an author “ has the right to change their mind ” and is “ entitled to protect their opportunity to sell their [ works ] . ”
Finally after the judge ruled that they violated Patrick 's copyright and are liable :
US government short $ 1.2 trillion to pay its own retirees ' healthcare John Byrne
Published : Monday February 16 , 2009
Print This Email This There may yet be more bailouts in sight . Next time it might not be the banks -- it might be your retirement , and there might not be enough money left .
While it 's relatively well-known that Social Security is short as much as $ 50 trillion needed to pay the benefits of future retirees , the shortfall needed to pay civil servants ' retiree benefits -- split between the federal government and US states -- is a whopping $ 1.7 trillion , according to an estimate released Monday .
State and local governments have set aside `` virtually no money '' to fund medical benefits for retired state and federal employees , USA Today revealed .
The estimate has gotten almost no attention , but the unfunded toll continues to climb . While the US government can spend money it does n't have in an effort to jumpstart the economy , many cities and states have laws requiring them to balance their budgets , meaning the only way they could meet retirement benefit mandates is to raise taxes or cut benefits and services , or both .
Such unfunded medical benefits include those of city , state and town employees ; teachers ; principals ; superintendents ; librarians ; administrative assistants ; custodians ; school district staff ; judges ; public attorneys ; retired military personnel ; federal employees ; park rangers ; and water district personnel .
On the federal side , the cost totals around $ 1.2 trillion -- which includes retirement benefits for the Pentagon and for the federal government , the report says . On the states ' side , the cost is harder to estimate but is at least $ 500 billion , according to the report .
Despite a $ 787 billion stimulus package , little money has been allocated to long-term benefits .
In the 1980s , the federal government and other employers of civil servants exchanged pay raises for future medical benefits , the report notes . But that tradeoff may end up costing the states and government more .
The paper says states are :
* `` Cutting health benefits . Most governments have the legal authority to reduce or end retiree health coverage  unlike pensions , which can not be cut under most states ' laws . When Rhode Island trimmed retiree medical benefits in October , 1,291 workers  9 percent of the state 's workforce  retired to keep the more generous old health plan . ''
* `` Saving money . Alaska , Minnesota , Pennsylvania and Utah are among states that set aside some money last year to prepare for future medical costs . ''
Hawaii , meanwhile , plans to slash medical benefits for state and county employees . One plan eyes cutting benefits until a retiree reaches Medicare age , 10 years from when the plan originally kicked in -- at 55 .
`` That throws everyone 's financial planning off , and at this late stage for someone who is 50 , 55 years old , what do you do ? '' one critic said . `` What options are you left with , because medical care is not free . ''
In the May issue of St. Louis Magazine , I wrote a piece titled “ How We Kill , ” about the death penalty in Missouri . It told the story of Herbert Smulls , a convicted murderer who was executed on January 28 . From their last meal to their last-gasp legal appeals to their last breaths , I documented the final day of their life . The article also explained the troubled history of capital punishment in the state , a saga marked by incompetence and secrecy .
Last week , SLM received a letter from the Missouri Department of Corrections alerting us that the May issue had been banned from correctional facilities across the state . “ This issue has been censored due to content which contains information which can be used to instill violence or hatred among the offender population , ” the letter stated . It added that we could request an independent review of the decision . The letter was signed by Terry Russell , warden at the Eastern Reception Diagnostic and Correctional Center , where Missouri carries out its executions .
Yesterday , we faxed a letter appealing the ruling . “ St . Louis Magazine has a great deal of respect for the work done by corrections personnel , and we understand the paramount importance of maintaining safety within the offender population , ” I wrote . “ However , we do not agree that the May 2014 issue would ‘ instill violence or hatred . ' Further , the article regarding Missouri 's death penalty contains information pertinent to offenders , especially those on death row . We believe they should have the right to read it . ”
I have little hope that our appeal will be successful , but it 's worth a try . All Missouri citizens should know how the death penalty is being administered on their behalf . That applies equally , if not more so , to the condemned inmates subject to that punishment .
In two rulings—Turner v. Safely , in 1987 , and Beard v. Banks , in 2006—the United States Supreme Court has given prisons latitude to read and censor inmates ' incoming mail and restrict prisoners ' access to information , provided those limits are related to legitimate state interests . That applies to non-privileged mail , such as letters from relatives or periodicals , but not to privileged mail , like correspondence between an inmate and their or their attorney . In this case , the Department of Corrections argues that its interest is in preventing violence .
Its position is not unreasonable , but the letter furthers the state 's habit of shrouding its execution process in secrecy . As I noted in the article , when a former execution doctor was shown to be inept , the state passed legislation that made its execution team anonymous . When its drug supplier came into question , the state turned to a secret pharmacy .
My article highlighted those problems . Now , the state is covering it up , too .
Spending time with friends , or family , I often feel a soul-deep throb coming from that perfectly engineered wafer of stainless steel and glass and rare earth metals in my pocket . Touch me . Look at me . You might find something marvellous .
This sickness is not limited to when I am trying to read , or once-in-a-lifetime events with my daughter .
At work , my concentration is constantly broken : finishing writing an article ( this one , actually ) , answering that client 's request , reviewing and commenting on the new designs , cleaning up the copy on the About page . Contacting so and so . Taxes .
All these tasks critical to my livelihood , get bumped more often than I should admit by a quick look at Twitter ( for work ) , or Facebook ( also for work ) , or an article about Mandelbrot sets ( which , just this minute , I read ) .
Email , of course , is the worst , because email is where work happens , and even if it 's not the work you should be doing right now it may well be work that 's easier to do than what you are doing now , and that means somehow you end up doing that work instead of whatever you are supposed to be working on now . And only then do you get back to what you should have been focusing on all along .
Dopamine and digital
It turns out that digital devices and software are finely tuned to train us to pay attention to them , no matter what else we should be doing . The mechanism , borne out by recent neuroscience studies , is something like this :
New information creates a rush of dopamine to the brain , a neurotransmitter that makes you feel good .
The promise of new information compels your brain to seek out that dopamine rush .
With fMRIs , you can see the brain 's pleasure centres light up with activity when new emails arrive .
So , every new email you get gives you a little flood of dopamine . Every little flood of dopamine reinforces your brain 's memory that checking email gives a flood of dopamine . And our brains are programmed to seek out things that will give us little floods of dopamine . Further , these patterns of behaviour start creating neural pathways , so that they become unconscious habits : Work on something important , brain itch , check email , dopamine , refresh , dopamine , check Twitter , dopamine , back to work . Over and over , and each time the habit becomes more ingrained in the actual structures of our brains .
How can books compete ?
Pleasing ourselves to death
There is a famous study of rats , wired up with electrodes on their brains . When the rats press a lever , a little charge gets released in part of their brain that stimulates dopamine release . A pleasure levers .
Given a choice between food and dopamine , they 'll take the dopamine , often up to the point of exhaustion and starvation . They 'll take the dopamine over sex . Some studies see the rats pressing the dopamine lever 700 times in an hour .
We do the same things with our email . Refresh . Refresh .
There is no beautiful universe on the other side of the email refresh button , and yet it 's the call of that button that keeps pulling me out of the work I am doing , out of reading books I want to read .
Why are books important ?
When I think back on my life , I can define a set of books that shaped me — intellectually , emotionally , spiritually . Books have always been an escape , a learning experience , a saviour , but beyond this , greater than this , certain books became , over time , a kind of glue that holds together my understanding of the world . I think of them as nodes of knowledge and emotion , nodes that knot together the fabric my self . Books , for me anyway , hold together who I am .
Books , in ways that are different to visual art , to music , to radio , to love even , force us to walk through another 's thoughts , one word at a time , over hours and days . We share our minds for that time with the writer 's . There is a slowness , a forced reflection required by the medium that is unique . Books recreate someone else 's thoughts inside our own minds , and maybe it is this one-to-one mapping of someone else 's words , on their own , without external stimuli , that give books their power . Books force us to let someone else 's thoughts inhabit our minds completely .
Books are not just transferrers of knowledge and emotion , but a special kind of tool that flattens one self into another , that enable the trying-on of foreign ideas and emotions .
This suppressing of the self is a kind of meditation too — and while books have always been important to me on their own ( pre-digital ) merits , it started to occur to me that “ learning how to read books again , ” might also be a way to start weaning my mind away from this dopamine-soaked digital detritus , this meaningless wash of digital information , which would have a double benefit : I would be reading books again , and I would get my mind back .
And , there are , often , beautiful universes to be found on the other side of the cover of a book .
The problems with digital stuff
Recent neuroscience confirms many of the things we sufferers of digital overload know innately . That successful multi-tasking is a myth . Multi-tasking makes us stupider . According to psychologist Glenn Wilson , the cognitive losses from multitasking are equivalent to smoking pot . ( UPDATE : thanks to Liza Daly for pointing out that Glenn Wilson has publicly stated that this study was part of a paid PR gig , and misrepresented in the media . See : http : //www.drglennwilson.com/Infomania_experiment_for_HP.doc )
This is bad for so many reasons : it makes us less effective at work , which means either we get less done , or have less time to spend doing other things , or both .
Being in a situation where you are trying to concentrate on a task , and an e-mail is sitting unread in your inbox , can reduce your effective IQ by 10 points . ( The Organized Mind , by Daniel J Levitin )
It 's worse than that though , because this constant hopping from one thing to another is also exhausting .
My least productive days , the days when I have spent the most time jumping between projects and emails and Twitter and whatever else , are also my most exhausting days . I used to think that my exhaustion was the cause of this lack of focus , but it turns out the opposite might be true .
It takes more energy to shift your attention from task to task . It takes less energy to focus . That means that people who organize their time in a way that allows them to focus are not only going to get more done , but they 'll be less tired and less neurochemically depleted after doing it . ( The Organized Mind , by Daniel J Levitin )
The problem defined
And so , the problem , more or less , is identified :
I can not read books because my brain has been trained to want a constant hit of dopamine , which a digital interruption will provide This digital dopamine addiction means I have trouble focusing : on books , work , family and friends
Problem identified , or most of it . There is more .
Oh , and do n't forget about television
We live in a golden age of television , there is no doubt . The stuff being produced these days is very good . And there is a lot of it .
For the past couple of years , my evening routine has been a variation on : get home from work , exhausted . Make sure the girls have eaten . Make sure I eat . Get the girls to bed . Feel exhausted . Turn on the computer to watch some ( neo-golden-age-era ) television . Fiddle with work emails , and generally piddle around while that golden-age-era TV consumes 57 % of my attention . Be bad at watching TV and bad at getting emails done . Go to bed . Try to read . Check email . Try to read again . Fall asleep .
Those who read own the world , and those who watch television lose it . ( Werner Herzog )
I do n't know if Werner Herzog is right , but I do know that I would never say about television — even the great stuff , of which there is plenty — what I say about books . There are no television shows that exist as nodes holding together my understanding of the world . My relationship to television is just not the same as it is to books .
And , so , a change
And so , starting in January , I started making some changes . The key ones are :
No more Twitter , Facebook , or article reading during the work day ( hard ) No reading of random news articles ( hard ) No smartphones or computers in the bedroom ( easy ) No TV after dinner ( it turns out , easy ) Instead , go straight to bed and start reading a book — usually on an eink ereader ( it turns out , easy )
The shocking thing was how quickly my mind adapted to accommodate reading books again . I had expected to fight for that concentration — but I did n't have to fight . With less digital input ( no pre-bed TV , especially ) , extra time ( no TV , again ) , and without a tempting digital device near at hand … there was time and space for my mind to settle into a book .
What a wonderful feeling it was .
I am reading books now more than I have in years . I have more energy , and more focus than I 've had for ages . I have not fully conquered my digital dopamine addiction , though , but it 's getting there . I think reading books is helping me retrain my mind for focus .
And books , it turns out , are still the same wonderful things they used to be . I can read them again .
Workday email , however , remains a problem . If you have suggestions for that , please let me know .
( By the way , I am starting a little email newsletter about books , reading and the technology that surrounds them both . I 'll aim to have something new every week or two . You can sign up here ) .
The newest member of the d & b SL-Series has arrived . Broadening the scope of the SL-Series is KSL , the smaller sibling of the established GSL line array system . Together they share the same step change in system performance , broadband directivity control , significant headroom down to the lowest frequencies , and enhanced high frequency resolution .
Sound growth
The GSL and KSL Systems employ a combination of techniques to achieve full bandwidth constant directivity pattern control . The low frequency geometry uses cardioid technology along with a driver and port layout to produce directivity matched perfectly with the coaxial arrangement of a high efficiency midrange horn and the waveguide mounted high frequency drivers .
Complimented in the very low frequencies by the SL-SUB and SL-GSUB cardioid subwoofers , the high efficiency and exceptional headroom of the SL-Series places it well ahead of the pack .
Higher performance performances , everywhere
The SL-Series unity in design , system architecture and handling , coupled with the d & b infrastructure for planning , control , routing and cabling provides unparalleled flexibility . The scale of the KSL System enables deployment in venues ranging from larger clubs and theatres , all the way up to enormous stadiums and arenas . Comparatively little on the one side , while on the other , the biggest , most complex solutions are effectively addressed by seamless combinations of KSL and GSL .
Photos courtesy of the author
In any part of the world , you 'll find no shortage of expensive delicacies and specialty ingredients . Sea urchins are California gold and white truffles are culinary crack in the US and Europe . In Hong Kong , there 's the coveted but bland-tasting shark fin , and even blander birds ' nests . Food items with a traditional attachment of medicinal qualities are sold in pricey shops and old school pharmacies all over the country—but above all , one particularly bizarre item stands out : the cordyceps .
It 's known as yartsu gunbu ( `` winter worm , summer grass '' ) by the Tibetans and chongcao ( `` worm-grass '' ) by the Chinese , and though it 's kind of a hybrid , it may be more accurate to call it an infection .
It starts as a spore that spreads in the winter and lands on a moth caterpillar found on the Tibetan plateau . The spore festers within the body of its host until the fungal creep takes over completely . The caterpillar burrows underground as it dies , and the fungus keeps growing , sucking in precious , life-giving nutrients as it bursts through the caterpillar 's head . By summer , the fungus is mature , and can be found peeking out of the ground , often hidden by blades of grass . Harvesters need to be extremely careful : they must preserve the leaf-like fungal structure and keep it attached to the yellow caterpillar carcass to show that it 's real . Chinese knockoffs do n't just come in the form of Louis Vuitton bags and flimsy Ray-Bans ; food products and medicines are often faked as well .
Some variation of chongcao is sold in practically every Chinese pharmacy in Hong Kong , and it is said to be tremendously beneficial for the kidney , liver , lungs , throat … the list goes on , as is the case with many traditional Chinese remedies . It 's lauded as yet another miracle cure . There is n't any reliable clinical data to back up these claims rooted in Chinese and Tibetan texts—some of which are over a millennium old—but people put a lot of faith in this miracle worm-grass hybrid , and a handful can cost thousands of dollars . In fact , the cheapest chongcao I could locate was US $ 30,582 per kilo , though they are generally sold per tael ( 0.0378 kg ) . That 's not quite as expensive as gold , but it 's getting close . The more expensive batches , which consist of thicker grubs , can be three to four times that price .
It 's one of the most exclusive foods in China . It 's also one of the most boring , flavor-wise .
The flavor of chongcao is flat , with a faint hint of sweetness that is usually overpowered by the other ingredients in whatever dish contains them , such as basic chicken soup or medicinal wine .
Nonetheless , its high cost means it 's bought and kept as a status symbol , and often gifted as bribes to business contacts and government officials . ( The same thing has happened to pu'er , a common fermented dark tea served in practically every restaurant in China . It was only a few years ago when speculation drove prices of aged pu'er to around US $ 10,000 for several grams . On the other hand , you can still get a pot of great pu'er tea for a few dollars . )
But what do the Tibetans have to say about Han Chinese consuming their most exotic crops ? The people who pick chongcao are ethnically Tibetan , and even though they 're paid next to nothing to harvest it , the job provides a significant improvement in their standard of living . Nomadic life on the Tibetan plateau , thousands of meters above sea level , can be pretty rough . If plucking a few yartsu gunbu from the ground can pay for some winter supplies , people will . Since the fungus is hard to spot among normal grass , a day 's work may only yield one or two dozen chongcao , but the harvesters are paid just shy of US $ 4 per piece . Obscene profits line the pockets of distributors .
But chongcao have a spiritual significance that can not be ignored . Tibetan Buddhists believe that they are linked to the supernatural realm , and picking them disturbs the Earth 's energy . There is even an old saying : `` Picking one gunbu is like killing 18 men . ''
It may as well be . Continued harvests have changed the physical and political landscapes of the Tibetan plateau . Soil erosion continues to be a problem . Armed conflicts take place when there are disagreements over picking rights . The clashes occasionally leave some harvesters dead .
Chongcao are so popular that their trade continued through the tumultuous revolutions that pepper China 's contemporary history , including the Cultural Revolution , when any activity seen as remotely capitalist was suspended . But things are different now . Traditional Chinese medicine has stepped into the consumer spotlight , and is a mature industry that is n't about to slow down . Now chongcao even come in pill form , made from cordyceps mycelia that is cultivated in a controlled environment . They 're cheaper and advertised as more in line with the idea of environmental conservation .
As I was being berated by an old woman selling chongcao in one of the Chinese medicine shops near my apartment building—I was n't willing to part with US $ 1,500 for a few grubs of worm-grass , and they said I was asking too many questions about their merchandise—a pregnant woman entered and asked for a couple taels . They told me that one of their daily staples is about US $ 130 worth of chongcao dunked into chicken soup , silkie if possible . I asked if the concoction made them feel different . Healthier , perhaps ? The shopkeeper tutted at me but the pregnant woman kept talking anyway . `` No , '' they said , `` it 's just something the women in our family do , and it seems more authentic than those cheap capsules sold around the corner . ''
They did n't seem too invested in the supposed miracle effects of the worm-grass , but they did say this before we left the store : `` Sometimes , before I drink my chongcao chicken soup , I take a picture of it and send it to my friends . They 're jealous that I can drink it so often . '' Neither the ridiculous price tag nor the occasional bloodshed caused by chongcao seemed to bother them It was just another exotic status symbol .
Photo
— The prime minister of Norway acknowledged on Wednesday that their country had fundamentally changed as a result of the attacks on a youth camp and government complex last week , but they vowed to protect the culture of openness that is a source of Norwegian pride .
The attacks have prompted officials to start reassessing Norway 's policy on public security , which seemed defined by a belief that bad things happen elsewhere . Anders Behring Breivik , a self-described Christian crusader who has admitted to the attacks , appeared to face few obstacles when they detonated a car bomb on a busy government plaza last Friday , killing 8 people , then traveled 19 miles and took a ferry to the youth camp on the island of Utoya , where they slaughtered at least 68 people .
“ It 's absolutely possible to have an open , democratic , inclusive society , and at the same time have security measures and not be naive , ” Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg told reporters in Oslo . “ I think what we have seen is that there is going to be one Norway before and one Norway after July 22 , ” they said . “ But I hope and also believe that the Norway we will see after will be more open , a more tolerant society than what we had before . ”
Mr. Stoltenberg announced that the government would create a commission independent of the police to investigate the attacks as well as law enforcement agencies ' response to them .
Photo
The police have come under fire for the seemingly slow pace of their response . It took commandos about 90 minutes to reach the island , a delay that critics say likely cost dozens of lives . Helicopters were unavailable , and police had to commandeer civilian boats to reach the island .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Police officers from the precinct in Honefoss , close to Utoya , offered new details about the operation in a news conference on Wednesday .
By Charles Goldberg
AuburnTigers.com
AUBURN , Ala. - Being one of the best college kickers in America comes with a lot responsibility , like making sure your family is in tow for all the award ceremonies .
Auburn 's Daniel Carlson is working those phones as they head back to award ceremonies for the second consecutive year as a finalist for the Lou Groza Award , which goes to the nation 's best place-kicker . First up is the Groza ceremonies in Palm Beach Gardens in Florida for on Dec. 5 ; and then he 'll head to Atlanta for the College Football Awards Show to see if they won Dec. 8 .
Carlson , Arizona State 's Zane Gonzalez and Georgia Southern 's Younghoe Koo were announced Monday as this year 's finalists for the Lou Groza . Carlson was a finalist last year , too .
`` The fact they 've voted me in twice and recognized me is huge , '' Carlson said . `` Something I wanted to do was to go back with a chance to win it . ''
Carlson and their family made the whirlwind award scene last year . They 're making plans to go back .
Carlson leads the nation in points by a kicker with 115 , highlighted by the game in which they tied an SEC record with six field goals in Auburn 's 18-13 win over LSU . He 's hit 22 of their 25 field goal attempts , and two of their misses were blocked . He 's hit eight field goals of at least 50 yards in their career , and needs two field goals in the last two games to set the single-season school record for field goals .
Their 63 career field goals are an Auburn record , and their 83 percent accuracy rate is tops , too . Their booming kickoff has them tops in the nation in touchbacks this season .
He 's shown they can do it all : They set an Auburn record for most points scored by a kicker in a game against Arkansas State when they kicked three field goals and six extra points and scored a touchdown on a 20-yard run on a fake field goal .
Carlson is taking a modest approach to the award ceremony .
`` There are a lot of really good kickers around the country . To be selected as one of the top three is a huge honor . Looking at the numbers , there are a lot of guys to choose from , '' they said .
Carlson said the LSU game was memorable , but added you never know when you 're thrown into a game such as that , though maybe after the fourth or fifth field goal you have a pretty good idea .
`` There are certain games that you think is going to be a tougher game and those points are going to be more important , '' they said . `` And there are certain games where you hope the offense is really going to be rolling and you 're going to be kicking a lot of extra points . No matter , you have to prepare for an LSU-type game where every field goal matters .
`` What I do is to prepare myself like it 's the Iron Bowl every week . ''
Carlson is preparing for that very game this week . Auburn plays at Alabama at 2:30 p.m. Saturday .
`` I 'll just try to help the team , '' Carlson said . `` You never know what situation you 're going to be called upon . ''
Carlson 's competition for the award comes from Gonzalez , who is major college football 's all-time leader in field goals and points scored by a kicker . The Arizona State senior has hit 23 of 24 field goal attempts this season , including seven from at least 50 yards . Koo has hit 19 of their 20 field goal attempts . The 19 field goals are a Georgia Southern record .
Fans will get a collective one vote on the final ballot . That Internet voting is at www.lougrozaaward.com
Charles Goldberg is a Senior Writer at AuburnTigers.com . Follow them on Twitter : Follow @ AUGoldMine
Barrick Gold Corp. has tapped former foreign affairs minister John Baird and former top U.S. lawmaker Newt Gingrich to serve on its advisory board , the company said in regulatory filings .
Mr. Baird and Mr. Gingrich , a former Republican speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives , will join other political heavyweights including former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney on the miner 's international advisory board .
The board meets once a year and gives advice to the world 's biggest gold producer , which has operations in the Americas , Africa and Australia .
Story continues below advertisement
`` The role of the board is to provide advice on geopolitical and other strategic issues that affect our business , '' a company spokesperson said . `` Both Mr. Baird and Mr. Gingrich bring with them excellent credentials and experience in this regard , '' they said .
Mr. Mulroney chairs the board , which also includes former U.S. and German defense officials and a former prime minister of Spain .
No compensation details for Mr. Baird and Mr. Gingrich were disclosed in the filings . However , Mr. Mulroney , who stepped down as a Barrick director last year , received more than $ 1-million ( Canadian ) for their work as an adviser and board member , the filings said .
Mr. Baird and Mr. Gingrich join Barrick as the company repositions itself to deal with the prolonged slump in bullion prices .
Since Mr. Thornton took over as chairperson last April , nearly every executive has been replaced , the board of directors has been overhauled and plans have been laid out to bring Barrick back to its roots , when it had a streamlined corporate structure and a healthy balance sheet .
Barrick increased Mr. Thornton 's pay to $ 12.9-million ( U.S. ) for 2014 compared with $ 9.5-million in the previous year , according to filings . Company co-president Kelvin Dushnisky earned $ 4.8-million . Their counterpart , Jim Gowans , earned $ 7.3-million last year , including their signing bonus and other provisions . Kevin Thomson , a top m & a lawyer who joined Barrick in October as its executive in charge of strategic matters , earned $ 2.4-million , an amount that also included their signing bonus .
The higher compensation for Mr. Thornton comes after Barrick reported a narrower loss in 2014 . Barrick , along with the rest of the gold industry , is under immense pressure to cut costs with gold down 30 per cent since 2011 . The miner 's stock is trading around $ 14.20 ( Canadian ) a share , down 25 per cent since Mr. Thornton took the reins of the company .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Since that time , a number of Barrick veterans have left , including the miner 's CEO Jamie Sokalsky , chief financial officer Ammar al-Joundi , corporate development executive Rick McCreary and top lawyer Sybil Veenman .
Mr. Sokalsky , who stepped down as chief executive last year when Mr. Thornton eliminated the CEO position , received $ 8.1-million ( U.S. ) , including severance pay . Mr. Al-Joundi got $ 2.6-million , which does not include severance . Mr. McCreary also received a severance package , but that was not disclosed .
Last year , the company started using a detailed scorecard to grade executives on goals such as free cash flow , return on invested capital and production . The new method was adopted after shareholder outrage over Mr. Thornton 's $ 11.9-million signing bonus prompted Barrick to overhaul its executive compensation arrangements .
Mr. Thornton , a former Goldman Sachs executive , recently told investors that Barrick 's focus would be on gold and killed previous plans to diversify further into copper and other commodities .
The former banker has tried to create more accountability at Barrick . Mr. Thornton and their new management team , along with Barrick founder Peter Munk , have all loaded up on the miner 's stock . They have promoted 35 of its top performing employees to partner , where they too will be required to hold stock and will be graded on the specific metrics .
The majority of Mr. Munk 's team has left or retired from Barrick . Though Mr. Munk and two of their longest serving directors , William Birchall and Mr. Mulroney , will continue to have ties to the gold miner for the time being .
Story continues below advertisement
The board has bestowed Mr. Munk with the chairperson emeritus title , a role that will allow them to carry out some duties assigned by Mr. Thornton . Mr. Munk will be allowed to use an office in Barrick 's Toronto offices until the end of 2016 . Mr. Munk received $ 833,333 for the four months they served as chairperson last year . They did not receive a retirement bonus but did earn around $ 3-million from stock units that automatically vested when they retired .
Mr. Birchall , who was one of Barrick 's founding board members , will step down as vice-chairperson at this year 's annual meeting of shareholders and then retire as director in 2016 .
Rashad McCants , the second-leading scorer on the North Carolina basketball team that won the 2004-05 national title , told ESPN 's `` Outside the Lines '' that tutors wrote their term papers , they rarely went to class for about half their time at UNC , and they remained able to play largely because they took bogus classes designed to keep athletes academically eligible .
McCants told `` Outside the Lines '' that they could have been academically ineligible to play during the championship season had they not been provided the assistance . Further , they said head basketball coach Roy Williams knew about the `` paper class '' system at UNC . The so-called paper classes did n't require students to go to class ; rather , students were required to submit only one term paper to receive a grade .
McCants also told `` Outside the Lines '' that they even made the dean 's list in the spring of 2005 despite not attending any of their four classes for which they received straight-A grades . They said advisers and tutors who worked with the basketball program steered them to take the paper classes within the African-American Studies program .
McCants ' allegations mirror and amplify many of those first made public in 2011 , when the Raleigh ( N.C. ) News & Observer began to report about widespread academic fraud at UNC . The scandal has centered on the African-American Studies classes that many athletes took in order to remain eligible . The newspaper reported in December 2012 that basketball players on the national championship team accounted for 15 enrollments in the classes . A UNC internal investigation found that 54 classes in the department of African and Afro-American Studies were either `` aberrant '' or `` irregularly '' taught from summer 2007 to summer 2011 . That investigation only went back to 2007 , according to the school 's review , because the two senior associate deans who conducted the probe were told by Karen Gil , dean of the College of Arts and Sciences , to focus on that time frame .
North Carolina 's Rashad McCants and teammates hoist the trophy after UNC beat Illinois 75-70 in the NCAA championship game in 2005 . AP Photo/Paul Sancya
The NCAA sanctioned the football program for improper benefits and academic misconduct involving a tutor , but the athletic department 's sports programs largely emerged from the academic scandal penalty-free .
In a statement to `` Outside the Lines '' on Thursday , UNC athletics director Bubba Cunningham said : `` It is disappointing any time a student is dissatisfied with their or their experience . I welcome the opportunity to speak with Rashad McCants about returning to UNC to continue their academic career -- just as we have welcomed many former student-athletes interested in completing their degrees .
`` The university hired former federal prosecutor Kenneth Wainstein in January to conduct an independent investigation into past academic and athletic irregularities . While these are the first allegations we have heard from Mr. McCants , I encourage them to speak with Mr. Wainstein . ...
`` I have gotten to know some of Mr. McCants ' teammates , and I know that claims about their academic experience have affected them deeply . They are adamant that they had a different experience at UNC-Chapel Hill than has been portrayed by Mr. McCants and others . ''
Williams also issued a statement , saying : `` With respect to the comments made today , I strongly disagree with what Rashad [ McCants ] has said . In no way did I know about or do anything close to what they say and I think the players whom I have coached over the years will agree with me . I have spent 63 years on this earth trying to do things the right way and the picture they portray is not fair to the university or me . ''
A copy of McCants ' university transcript , labeled `` unofficial '' and obtained by `` Outside the Lines , '' shows that in their non-African-American Studies classes , McCants received six C 's , one D and three F 's . In their African-American Studies classes , 10 of their grades were A 's , six B 's , one a C and one a D. The UNC registrar 's office declined to send McCants an official , signed transcript because of a May 2005 hold on its release . According to the UNC athletic department , McCants had university property that had never been returned .
A second copy of their transcript obtained from a different source by `` Outside the Lines '' is identical to the first and is also not signed by the registrar but does not contain the label `` unofficial . ''
McCants , who said it was common for basketball players to major in African-American Studies , said they assumed tutors writing papers for athletes was to be expected and they did n't question it while they attended UNC .
`` I thought it was a part of the college experience , just like watching it on a movie from 'He Got Game ' or 'Blue Chips , ' '' McCants said . `` ... When you get to college , you do n't go to class , you do n't do anything , you just show up and play . That 's exactly how it was , you know , and I think that was the tradition of college basketball , or college , period , any sport . You 're not there to get an education , though they tell you that .
`` You 're there to make revenue for the college . You 're there to put fans in the seats . You 're there to bring prestige to the university by winning games . ''
McCants said their first year they did go to class and took several legitimate , core-curriculum courses . But overall , their transcript shows they ended up with more than 50 percent of their courses being African-American Studies classes .
McCants said they were headed toward ineligibility during the championship season because they had failed algebra and psychology , which accounted for half of their credits , in the fall of 2004 . They had two A 's in African-American Studies classes in addition to the F 's . They said coach Roy Williams informed them of their academic troubles during a meeting ahead of the spring semester .
`` There was a slight panic on my part ... [ he ] said , you know , we 're going to be able to figure out how to make it happen , but you need to buckle down on your academics . ''
They said Williams told them `` we 're going to be able to change a class from , you know , your summer session class and swap it out with the class that you failed , just so the GPA could reflect that you are in good standing . ''
McCants ended up in four African-American Studies classes in the following semester , earning straight A 's . They said they did n't know what Williams was getting at with the summer school class replacement reference , and they never talked with Williams about it again . The transcripts show they had received one A in an African-American Studies class in the summer of 2004 .
`` I remained eligible to finish out and win the championship , their first championship , and everything was peaches and cream , '' McCants said .
They said they are sure Williams and the athletic department as a whole knew `` 100 percent '' about the paper class system .
`` I mean , you have to know about the education of your players and ... who 's eligible , who 's not and ... who goes to this class and missing that class . We had to run sprints for missing classes if we got caught , so you know , they were very aware of what was going on . ''
Former Tar Heels player Sean May , who said they received their degree in 2009 , disagreed that the McCants ' experience was the norm for players . They said they met with Wainstein , the investigator , last month .
`` I hate people calling it paper classes , '' May said . `` It makes it seem like we did n't do anything . I know work was done . I had to write 25-page papers for independent study . ''
May said he 'd met with a number of teammates in anticipation of the story running , and talked about a statement they said was reflective of the views of teammates on the 2005 championship team other than McCants .
`` By no means does what Rashad said reflect our views and experiences about North Carolina , '' May said . `` We knew that something was coming out . But in a million years , we did n't think this was it . It 's unfortunate . ''
The statement released to ESPN said that the players attended class and did their own academic work . It also said : `` We also want to make it clear that Coach Williams and their staff operated with the highest level of ethics and integrity within their respective roles . ''
`` Outside the Lines '' tried repeatedly to reach May for an interview over the past several weeks . Through a spokesperson at their charitable foundation , they declined to comment . Several players , who May on Friday says they met with , also were contacted by `` Outside the Lines , '' and they either declined to comment or did not respond to interview requests .
In a statement released late Friday , Wainstein said : `` We have interviewed or attempted to interview a number of current and former UNC student athletes and we have received valuable insights and information from those who have agreed to speak with us . We would welcome the opportunity to speak to Mr. McCants or anybody else who can shed light on the issues we are investigating . ''
McCants left UNC after their third year and played four seasons in the NBA , before moving to play overseas . In the 90-minute `` Outside the Lines '' interview last month , McCants said they are planning to write a book about their basketball and collegiate experience .
McCants played as a first-year student for coach Matt Doherty , who resigned under pressure and was succeeded by Williams in April 2003 . McCants led the ACC in scoring their sophomore year and was the second-leading scorer their junior year as the Tar Heels won the national title . Still , they were often described as mercurial and enigmatic . In one local TV interview that ended up drawing national media coverage , McCants angered the basketball program 's fans by equating UNC with being in jail : `` You 're not allowed to do certain things , you 're not allowed to say certain things . '' They later said their statements were misinterpreted .
They acknowledged the difficult times at UNC when they spoke with `` Outside the Lines , '' but spoke fondly about their time there overall . They discussed their suspect college education , describing themselves as self-educated , and talked generally about how student athletes are treated at major sports programs . They spoke from memory without referring to their transcript . While they remembered most details correctly in terms of their transcript , they got other details incorrect , such as saying they had made the Dean 's List twice instead of once .
`` Outside the Lines '' contacted or attempted to contact other players , and tutors and advisers from the Academic Support Program for Student-Athletes , but all either did n't respond or declined to comment .
Former North Carolina learning specialist Mary Willingham , who is often described as a whistleblower on the academic fraud scandal at the university . ESPN
Mary Willingham , a former UNC learning specialist who is often described as a whistleblower about the UNC academic fraud scandal , said they believe McCants ' allegations .
`` What they are saying absolutely lines up with what I have found : tutors writing papers for players , and advisers and tutors steering players to AFAM , '' they said . `` I think the coaches knew about the paper class system . Of course they did .
`` The system will only change when our athletes have a voice and begin to step forward , and that 's what Rashad is doing . It was the adults who failed the athletes . ''
Doherty said Friday that `` I did not see any problems while I was at UNC as a player or a coach . I feel sorry for Rashad . They have had a lot of ups and downs during their career . If there are any issues , I trust that Bubba Cunningham and the university will get to the bottom of it . ''
Willingham said they and other colleagues openly discussed their concerns about the African-American Studies paper class system in 2006 , the same year The New York Times published an investigation about an independent studies scandal at Auburn . By 2007 , Willingham said basketball players had started moving away from paper classes , and by 2009 , when the basketball program hired a new academic adviser , the UNC paper-class system had all-but ended .
McCants said he 's coming forward now because they are concerned about the future .
`` It 's about my kids , about your kids . It 's about their kids . It 's about knowing the education that I received and knowing that something needs to change , '' they said . `` This has nothing to do with the Carolina fans or the Carolina program . It has everything to do with the system , and Carolina just so happened to be a part of the system and they participated in the system , so in retrospect , you have to look at it and say , 'Hey , you know what you did wrong . '
`` Stand up . It 's time for everybody to really just be accountable . ''
They said they are prepared for a backlash from UNC fans .
`` If there are Carolina fans that do n't like what Ibeing saying and do n't like what 's happening right now , they need to look in the mirror , see that it 's a bigger picture , '' they said . `` ... I 'm putting my life on the line for the younger generation right now , and I know that nobody else wants to step up and speak out because everybody 's afraid , fear , submission , especially the black athletes ...
`` College was a great experience , but looking back at it , now it 's almost a tragedy because I spent a lot of my time in a class I did n't do anything in . ''
Producer Dave Lubbers of ESPN 's Enterprise and Investigative Unit , and ESPN senior writers Andy Katz and Jeff Goodman contributed to this report .
Irish coach Joe Schmidt is hoping that six returning players as well as Rory Best will be available for selection when they pick their side on Thursday for the second Six Nations match against France this weekend in the Aviva Stadium .
Sean O'Brien , Cian Healy , Johnny Sexton , Jamie Heaslip , Eoin Reddan and Dave Kearney are expected to be fit to play with hooker Rory Best currently going through concussion protocols after sustaining a head injury against Italy in the opening match .
“ Sean O'Brien had an MRI scan last night which confirmed a hamstring strain on the minor end of the scale . They are feeling good and we are hopeful that they will train with the squad tomorrow , ” said Irish team manager Mick Kearney .
“ Rory Best suffered a concussion . They have been very well since the game and has been completing a gradual return to play protocol . If they complete this process without any symptoms they will be available for selection .
Second Captains
“ Cian Healy trained fully last week , including some scrummaging , and they came through very well . They are available for selection . Johnny Sexton has been cleared to train fully and they are available for selection .
“ Finally , Jamie Heaslip , Eoin Reddan and Dave Kearney are fully recovered and will train this week . ”
Sexton , who missed the opening game and has not played for three months , trained fully on Monday and is expected to take part in all sessions this week . Prior to this week , however , the Irish outhalf had been doing their regular weight sessions and has been running with scrumhalf Conor Murray , who also spent time on the sideline with a concussion .
“ Like I said , Johnny has been training over the last couple of weeks with the rest of the squad . He 's been getting their reps in so that should n't be a problem , ” explained Murray .
The Irish scrumhalf added that Ireland must play a better game in all areas this weekend or they will not beat the French , who earned a hard-fought win against Scotland in their opening match . While the Irish players are pleased with the win , there is a recognition that significant improvement is required .
“ Huge , massive step up from the weekend , ” said Murray . “ You know , you saw the standard set between Wales and England . That 's the standard set for the championship .
“ The Italy game will not be good enough to beat France this weekend . We 've got to , like I said , up it in a couple of areas and really take it on this week and train well and put in a bigger performance . While it was good enough to get the win over Italy it wo n't be good enough to get the win this weekend . ”
About
Okay , so here 's the deal , I 'm creating a short animated film about a character I call Blue bug and their antics when trying to open a lone soda can . It 's short , it 's funny and it 's animated . If you watched the video above you saw a trial version of what the film is going to be about . You can also watch it here . If you liked it , or were even a little intrigued , why not throw a dollar my way and help make this idea a reality . The animation in the actual film will be far superior to the trial version and you can expect even funnier moments . Thanks for taking the time to visit my Kickstarter page !
Where will the $ 500 go ?
$ 25 is for the soundscape , music , voice recording , editing , and effects . Time for completion , about two days .
$ 50 is for Kickstarter fees and payment processing .
$ 325 is for the animation , hand drawn on a Wacom Cintiq and colored with Adobe Flash . Time for completion , about a month .
$ 100 is for the editing of the film , done with Adobe Premiere , After Effects . Time for completion , about a week .
PICTURE UPDATES ( posted below are some sneak peek images from the film )
First few frames of Blue Bug VS Soda Can Animation
Still frame from Blue bug VS Soda Can
Still frame , trying to hold on !
Working on my Wacom Cintiq .
Working at the home Studio
Another shot of me animating .
SNEAK PEEK ( watch the clip below to see the animation in progress ! )
We are super excited to debut the brand new steez from ‘ old school futuristic ' rapper Peezo . The new track titled The Come Up is produced by Cam Bluff and follows on from previous tracks Water and Vibe Out .
The track The Come Up is itself a representation of an artist on the rise . Written about overcoming everyday obstacles and staying on the grind in a less than ideal situation , Peezo has a story that connects , most of us were n't born into money and you take life 's opportunities as they come . The song 's intent is to inspire fans and listeners alike , to stay focused because if you do it right , you 'll come out on top .
Peezo 's recent releases have included the Sunset Park mixtape and the Thanks Heaps EP . Both of which were well received by fans and newcomers alike . triple j 's Unearthed are also big fans of Peezo , having added their last 6 tracks to Unearthed rotation , a tradition that looks like it 'll continue with the new jam The Come Up .
Their upcoming EP is titled Old School Futuristic and it 's due soon , get ready .
Peezo wo n't slow down , but you know that !
Peezo || Facebook || Twitter
A while ago , I wrote about tokenizing a math expression , with Javascript as the language of choice . The tokenizer I built in that article was the first component of my quest to render and solve math expressions using Javascript , or any other language . In this article , I 'll walk through how to build the next component : the parser .
What is the job of the parser ? Quite simple . It parses the expression . ( Duh . ) Okay , actually , Wikipedia has a good answer :
A parser is a software component that takes input data ( frequently text ) and builds a data structure — often some kind of parse tree , abstract syntax tree or other hierarchical structure — giving a structural representation of the input , checking for correct syntax in the process . The parsing may be preceded or followed by other steps , or these may be combined into a single step . The parser is often preceded by a separate lexical analyser , which creates tokens from the sequence of input characters
So , in essence , this is what we 're trying to achieve :
math expression = > [ parser ] = > some data structure ( we 'll get to this in a bit )
Something like this ( source : codeproject.com )
Let 's skip ahead a bit : “ … The parser is often preceded by a separate lexical analyzer , which creates tokens from the sequence of input characters ” . This is talking about the tokenizer we built earlier . So , our parser wo n't be receiving the raw math expression , but rather an array of tokens . So now , we have :
math expression = > [ tokenizer ] = > list of tokens = > [ parser ] = > some data structure
For the tokenizer , we had to come up with the algorithm manually . For the parser , we 'll be implementing an already existing algorithm , the Shunting-yard algorithm . Remember the “ some data structure ” above ? With this algorithm , our parser can give us a data structure called an Abstract Syntax Tree ( AST ) or an alternative representation of the expression , known as Reverse Polish Notation ( RPN ) .
Reverse Polish Notation
I 'll start with RPN . Again from Wikipedia , RPN is “ a mathematical notation in which every operator follows all of its operands ” . Instead of having , say , 3+4 , RPN would be 3 4 + . Weird , I know . But the rule is that the operator has to come after all its operands .
Keep that rule in mind as we take a look at some more complex examples . Also remember that an operand for one operation can be the result of an earlier operation ) .
Algebraic : 3 - 4 RPN : 3 4 -
Algebraic : 3 - 4 + 5 RPN : 3 4 - 5 +
Algebraic : 2^3 RPN : 2 3 ^
Algebraic : 5 + ( ( 1 + 2 ) × 4 ) − 3 RPN : 5 1 2 + 4 * + 3 -
Algebraic : sin ( 45 ) RPN : 45 sin
Algebraic : tan ( x^2 + 2 * x + 6 ) RPN : x 2 ^ 2 x * + 6 + tan
Because the operator has to come after its operands , RPN is also known as postfix notation , and our “ regular ” algebraic notation is called infix .
How do you evaluate an expression in RPN ? There 's a simple algorithm I use :
Read all the tokens from left to right till you get to an Operator or Function . Knowing that the Operator/Function takes n arguments ( for instance , for + , n = 2 ; for cos ( ) , n = 1 ) , evaluate the last n preceding arguments with the Operator/Function , and replace all of them ( Operator/Function + operands ) with the result . Continue as before , until there are no more Operators/Functions left to read . The only ( Literal or Variable ) token left is your answer .
( This is a simplified algorithm , which assumes the expression is valid . A couple indicators that the expression is n't valid are if you have more than one token left at the end , or if the last token left is an Operator/Function . )
So , for something like 5 1 2 + 4 * + 3 − :
read 5
read 1
read 2
read + . + is an operator which takes 2 args , so calculate 1+2 and replace with the result ( 3 ) . The expression is now 5 3 4 * + 3 -
read 4
read * . * is an operator which takes two args , so calculate 3 * 4 and replace with the result , 12 . The expression is reduced to 5 12 + 3 -
read + . + is an operator which takes two args , so calculate 5+12 , replace by the result , 17 . Now , we have 17 3 -
read 3
read - . - is an operator which takes two args , so calculate 17-3 . The result is 14 .
Hope you made an A in my little crash course on RPN . You did ? OK , let 's move on .
Abstract Syntax Trees
Wikipedia 's definition here might not be too helpful for many of us : “ a tree representation of the abstract syntactic structure of source code written in a programming language. ” For this use case , we can think of an AST as a data structure that represents the mathematical structure of the expression . This is better seen than said , so let 's draw a rough diagram . I 'll start with an AST for the simple expression 3+4 :
[ + ]
/ \
[ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Each [ ] represents a node in the tree . So you can see at a glance , that the two tokens are brought together by a + operator .
A more complex expression , 5 + ( ( 1 + 2 ) * 4 ) − 3 :
[ - ]
/ \
[ + ] \___ [ 3 ]
/ \
[ 5 ] __/ [ * ]
/ \
[ + ] [ 4 ]
/ \
[ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Ah , a lovely little syntax tree . It links up all tokens and operators perfectly . You can see that evaluating this expression is much easier — just follow the tree .
So , why is an AST useful ? It helps you represent the logic and structure of the expression correctly , making it easier for the expression to be evaluated . For instance , to evaluate the above expression , on our backend we could do something like this :
result = binaryoperation ( + , 1 , 2 )
result = binaryoperation ( * , result , 4 )
result = binaryoperation ( + , 5 , result )
result = binaryoperation ( - , result , 3 )
return result
In other words , for each operator ( or function ) node that the evaluator/compiler/interpreter encounters , it checks to see how many branches there are , and then evaluates the results of all those branches with the operator .
Okay , the crash course is over , now back to our parser . Our parser will convert the ( tokenized ) expression to RPN , and later to an AST . So let 's begin implementing it .
The Shunting-yard algorithm
Here 's the RPN version of the full algorithm ( from our friend Wikipedia ) , and modified to fit with our tokenizer :
While there are tokens to be read :
1 . Read a token . Let 's call it t
2 . If t is a Literal or Variable , push it to the output queue .
3 . If t is a Function , push it onto the stack .
4 . If t is a Function Argument Separator ( a comma ) , pop operators off the stack onto the output queue until the token at the top of the stack is a Left Parenthesis .
5 . If t is an Operator :
a. while there is an Operator token o at the top of the operator stack and either t is left-associative and has precedence is less than or equal to that of o , or t is right associative , and has precedence less than that of o , pop o off the operator stack , onto the output queue ;
b. at the end of iteration push t onto the operator stack .
6 . If the token is a Left Parenthesis , push it onto the stack .
7 . If the token is a Right Parenthesis , pop operators off the stack onto the output queue until the token at the top of the stack is a left parenthesis . Then pop the left parenthesis from the stack , but not onto the output queue .
8 . If the token at the top of the stack is a Function , pop it onto the output queue .
When there are no more tokens to read , pop any Operator tokens on the stack onto the output queue .
Exit .
( Side note : in case you read the earlier article , I 've updated the list of recognized tokens to include the Function Argument Separator , aka comma ) .
The algorithm above assumes the expression is valid . I made it this way so it 's easily understandable in the context of an article . You can view the full algorithm on Wikipedia .
You 'll observe a couple of things :
We need two data structures : a stack to hold the functions and operators , and a queue for the output . If you are n't familiar with these two data structures , here 's a primer for you : if you want to retrieve a value from a stack , you start with the last one you put in , whereas for a queue , you start with the first you put in .
// we 'll use arrays to represent both of them
var outQueue= [ ] ;
var opStack= [ ] ;
We need to know the associativity of the operators . Associativity simply means in what order an expression containing several operations of the same kind are grouped in the absence of parentheses . For instance , 2 + 3 + 4 is canonically evaluated from left to right ( 2+ 3 =5 , then 5 + 4 =9 ) , so + has a left associativity . Compare that to 2 ^ 3 ^ 4 , which is evaluated as 2 ^81 , not 8 ^4 . Thus ^ has a right associativity . We 'll package the associativities of the operators well encounter in a Javascriptobject :
var assoc = {
`` ^ '' : `` right '' ,
`` * '' : `` left '' ,
`` / '' : `` left '' ,
`` + '' : `` left '' ,
`` - '' : `` left ''
} ;
We also need to know the precedence of the operators . The precedence is a sort of ranking assigned to operators , so we can know in what order they should be evaluated if they appear in the same expression . Operators with higher precedence get evaluated first . For instance , * has a higher precedence than + , so 2 + 3 * 4 gets evaluated as 2 + 12 , and not 5 * 4 , unless parentheses are used . + and – have the same precedence , so 3 + 5 – 2 can be evaluated as either 8–2 or 3+3 . Again , we 'll package the operator precedences in an object :
var prec = {
`` ^ '' : 4 ,
`` * '' : 3 ,
`` / '' : 3 ,
`` + '' : 2 ,
`` - '' : 2
} ;
Now , lets update our Token class so that we can easily access the precedence and associativity via methods :
Token.prototype.precedence = function ( ) {
return prec [ this.value ] ;
} ;
Token.prototype.associativity = function ( ) {
return assoc [ this.value ] ;
} ;
We need a method that allows us to peek at the stack ( to check the element at the top without removing it ) , and one that allows us to pop from the stack ( retrieve and remove the item at the top ) . Fortunately , Javascript arrays already have a pop ( ) method , so all we need to do is implement a peek ( ) method . ( Remember , for stacks , the element at the top is the one we added last . )
Array.prototype.peek = function ( ) {
return this.slice ( -1 ) [ 0 ] ; //retrieve the last element of the array
} ;
So here 's what we have :
function tokenize ( expr ) {
... // just paste the tokenizer code here
}
function parse ( inp ) {
var outQueue= [ ] ;
var opStack= [ ] ;
Array.prototype.peek = function ( ) {
return this.slice ( -1 ) [ 0 ] ;
} ;
var assoc = {
`` ^ '' : `` right '' ,
`` * '' : `` left '' ,
`` / '' : `` left '' ,
`` + '' : `` left '' ,
`` - '' : `` left ''
} ;
var prec = {
`` ^ '' : 4 ,
`` * '' : 3 ,
`` / '' : 3 ,
`` + '' : 2 ,
`` - '' : 2
} ;
Token.prototype.precedence = function ( ) {
return prec [ this.value ] ;
} ;
Token.prototype.associativity = function ( ) {
return assoc [ this.value ] ;
} ;
//tokenize
var tokens=tokenize ( inp ) ;
tokens.forEach ( function ( v ) {
... //apply the algorithm here
} ) ;
return outQueue.concat ( opStack.reverse ( ) ) ; // list of tokens in RPN
}
I wo n't delve into the algorithm 's implementation so I do n't bore you . It 's a pretty straightforward task , practically a word-for-word translation of the algorithm to code , so at the end of the day , here 's what we have :
The toString function simply formats our RPN list of tokens in a readable format .
And we can test out our infix-to-postfix parser :
var rpn = parse ( `` 3 + 4 * 2 / ( 1 - 5 ) ^ 2 ^ 3 '' ) ;
console.log ( toString ( rpn ) ) ;
Output :
3 4 2 * 1 5 - 2 3 ^ ^ / +
RPN ! !
Time to plant a tree
Now , let 's modify our parser so it returns an AST .
To generate an AST instead of RPN , we 'll need to make a few modifications :
We 'll create an object to represent a node in our AST . Each node has a value and two branches ( which may be null ) :
function ASTNode ( token , leftChildNode , rightChildNode ) {
this.token = token.value ;
this.leftChildNode = leftChildNode ;
this.rightChildNode = rightChildNode ;
}
The second thing we 'll be doing is changing our output data structure to a stack . While the actual code for this is just to change the line var outQueue = [ ] to var outStack = [ ] ( because it remains an array ) , the key change is in our understanding and treatment of this array .
Now , how is our infix-to-AST algorithm going to run ? Basically , the same algorithm , with a few modifications :
Instead of pushing a Literal or Variable token onto our outQueue , we push a new node whose value is the token , and whose branches are null onto our outStack Instead of popping an Operator/Function token from the opStack , we replace the top two nodes on the outStack with a single node whose value is the token , and that has those two as its branches . Let 's create a function that does that :
Array.prototype.addNode = function ( operatorToken ) {
rightChildNode = this.pop ( ) ;
leftChildNode = this.pop ( ) ;
this.push ( new ASTNode ( operatorToken , leftChildNode , rightChildNode ) ) ;
}
3 . Our parser should now return a single node , the node at the top of our AST . Its two branches will contain the two child nodes , whose branches will contain their children , and so on , in a recursive manner . For instance , for an expression like 3 + 4 * 2 / ( 1–5 ) ^ 2 ^ 3 , we expect the structure of our output node to be like this ( in a horizontal form ) :
+ = > 3 = > null
= > null
= > / = > * = > 4 = > null
= > null
= > 2 = > null
= > null
= > ^ = > - = > 1 = > null
= > null
= > 5 = > null
= > null
= > ^ = > 2 = > null
= > null
= > 3 = > null
= > null
In the diagram above , the = > represent the branches of the node ( the top node is the left branch , the bottom one is the right branch ) . Each node has two branches , and the nodes at the end of the tree have theirs pointing to null
So , if we put all this together , here is the code we come up with :
And if we demo it :
//a little hack I put together so it prints out in a readable form
ASTNode.prototype.toString = function ( count ) {
if ( ! this.leftChildNode & & ! this.rightChildNode )
return this.token + `` \t= > null
`` + Array ( count+1 ) .join ( `` \t '' ) + `` = > null '' ;
var count = count || 1 ;
count++ ;
return this.token + `` \t= > '' + this.leftChildNode.toString ( count ) + ``
`` + Array ( count ) .join ( `` \t '' ) + `` = > '' + this.rightChildNode.toString ( count ) ;
} ;
var ast = parse ( `` 3 + 4 * 2 / ( 1 - 5 ) ^ 2 ^ 3 '' ) ;
console.log ( `` '' + ast ) ;
And the result :
Oh , beautiful tree !
Slowly , but surely , we 're getting closer to understanding what makes compilers and interpreters tick ! Admittedly , the working of modern-day programming languages and their toolkits is a lot more complex than what we 've looked at thus far , but I hope this proves to be an easy-to-understand introduction to them . As a number of people have pointed out , tools exist to automatically generate tokenizers and parsers , but its often nice to know how something actually works .
The concepts we covered in this article and the previous are very interesting topics in the field of computer science and language theory . I still have a lot to learn about them , and I encourage you to go ahead and research them if they interest you . And drop me a line to let me know about your progress . Peace !
