The crane 's 66-foot-long arm reached down to the flatbed truck , spread its giant claws and grabbed hold of four dirt bikes and all-terrain vehicles .
The crane operator , perched high above , raised their prey into the air and swung it around , placing the vehicles gently on a conveyor belt . Within seconds , a machine separated metal from plastic and rubber , and 450-pound steel “ teeth ” transformed the bikes and ATVs into 14,180 pounds of shredded metal that will be sold all over the world .
A single dirt bike — whose riders travel in packs , flouting traffic laws and agitating motorists and pedestrians by popping wheelies on sidewalks — can be compacted into a fist-sized cube of metal .
D.C. police on Saturday destroyed 62 dirt bikes and ATVs , hauled to an area scrapyard in five trucks . All had either been abandoned , seized as part of a criminal investigation or taken because they were not registered and never claimed .
But instead of auctioning the bikes , and as they do with seized firearms , police decided to send a different message .
The crane 's claw carries several vehicles to their crushing end . ( Kate Patterson/for The Washington Post )
[ Watch dirt bikes shredded on this police video ]
“ We do n't want them to return to the street , ” said Bill Sarvis , director of the D.C. police corporate support bureau , which is responsible for managing equipment , supplies and the agency 's fleet of vehicles .
Dirt-bike riders are fixtures in Baltimore and the District , drawing complaints from residents and frustrations from police who prohibit officers from chasing them , saying it is too dangerous . Instead , police use surveillance photographs to try to identify bikes and riders , as well as tips from the public to seize the vehicles . People who provide information to the police that leads to seizure of an illegal bike can receive an award of up to $ 250 .
On June 25 , more than 100 riders cruised through the H Street corridor of Northeast Washington and the streets of the National Harbor in Prince George 's County . Police sent up helicopters to follow the group , which wove through Sunday evening traffic and turned sidewalks into roadways for more than a half an hour .
[ More than 100 dirt bikes , ATVs roar through District , National Harbor ]
D.C. police publicized 54 pictures of riders and bikes hoping to get tips . Police Chief Peter Newsham termed the event “ terrorizing . ”
“ We hope those who illegally and recklessly operate these vehicles will see [ the shredding ] as a symbolic gesture that this type of behavior wo n't be tolerated in the District of Columbia , ” Newsham said in a statement . “ The community is fed up with this behavior . As long as they continue endangering the lives of everyone on our streets , [ the Metropolitan Police Department ] will continue confiscating and destroying these vehicles . ”
D.C. police on Saturday destroyed 62 dirt bikes and ATVs . ( Kate Patterson/for The Washington Post )
In 2016 , D.C. police arrested 56 people on charges of illegally driving dirt bikes and ATVs , as well as seizing 41 vehicles . Police have made more than 20 arrests and confiscated 10 bikes so far this year .
Owners of the company that crushed the bikes Saturday allowed access to a reporter and photographer on the condition that the name and location not be published . A company official said they feared the bikes ' owners would come looking for vehicles or seek retribution .
[ D.C. police videos , pictures of dirt bike , ATV riders being sought ]
The vast scrapyard is filled with piles of metal , including old cars , washing machines , grocery carts and oil drums . It takes 30 seconds to compress a car into a suitcase-sized cube . But most of the vehicles are shredded into small bits of metal to be turned into steel rods , beams and pipes .
Charles Thompson Jr. , a supervisor at the D.C. police maintenance lot at Blue Plains in Southeast Washington , said they ride dirt bikes , but they keep them off-road .
“ They 're illegal on the street , so do n't ride them there , ” they said after driving one of the flatbed trucks tied down with more than a dozen bikes . “ These are some bikes that wo n't be used by riders to kick the sides of police cars . ”
When the fifth truck emptied , Thompson climbed onto the bed with a large push broom and swept some of the debris that had fallen from the clutches of the crane — a headlight , a handlebar and some broken glass . The job over , they jumped down and glanced up at the last of the bikes heading up the conveyor belt and toward the 450-pound teeth .
“ These wo n't terrorize anyone anymore , ” Thompson said .
CALGARY — Calgary Flames head coach Bob Hartley did their best to keep an epic Super Bowl party under wraps . But two of their players — Lance Bouma and Sean Monahan — arrived at the Saddledome at 10:15 am for a 10:30 Monday morning practice , and those two barely beat Johnny Gaudreau in the Saddledome doors .
Then practice started , and in the words of Calgary winger David Jones : “ It 's a little embarrassing when we 're not ( making ) five-foot passes . ”
“ I think ( Hartley ) was pretty pissed off . ”
The team said that Bouma , who was kicked off the practice ice 15 minutes into an aborted 25-minute session Monday , was ill. Twenty-four hours later they were announced as a healthy scratch Tuesday night against the Toronto Maple Leafs .
But the real story lies in Gaudreau and assistant captain Monahan — two young pillars of this Flames franchise and two-thirds of Calgary 's top line — being scratched as well .
And here 's the kicker : On Wednesday the Flames begin their “ Dad 's Trip ” through San Jose and Arizona . As such , all of the Flames fathers were in the Saddledome seats Tuesday night .
Ouch .
It 's a courageous move by Hartley , putting the long-term education of their young players ahead of the desperate need for two points in a playoff push that 's getting away from the Flames .
Calgary went with 11 forwards and seven defencemen for the game .
The Flames issued no comments on the scratches .
Tony Avelar/Associated Press
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick earned the approval of one NFL legend , Jim Brown , but another , Jerry Rice , was more critical of their decision to remain seated during the national anthem before a preseason game Friday .
`` All lives matter . So much going on in this world today , '' Rice tweeted Monday . `` Can we all just get along ! Colin , I respect your stance , but do n't disrespect the flag . ''
Kaepernick discussed the purpose of their protest with NFL Media 's Steve Wyche .
`` I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color , '' they said . `` To me , this is bigger than football , and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way . There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder . ''
In an interview Monday evening on NFL Total Access , Brown said that they did n't necessarily support Kaepernick 's refusal to stand for `` The Star-Spangled Banner , '' but they were `` with them 100 percent '' regarding the overall message .
Kaepernick said they will continue with their peaceful protest at future games , per USA Today 's Nate Davis .
While as many as the first half-dozen players selected in Friday 's NHL draft in Buffalo are expected to be forwards — Auston Matthews , Patrik Laine , Jesse Puljujarvi , Matt Tkachuk , Pierre-Luc Dubois and Alex Nylander — the rest of the first round will be loaded with defensemen .
For a Bruins team sorely in need of a upgrade on the blue line , the draft class of 2016 could be very attractive .
The B 's currently possess picks No . 14 and No . 29 in the first round . Defense was a clear weakness last season , with a core built around the aging and slowing Zdeno Chera and Dennis Seidenberg , and a bunch of guys with third-pair talent who were asked to handle second- or even first-pair matchups .
Now , the Bruins may aim for help up front ( Team USA sniper Kieffer Bellows is a possibility ) in the belief they 've already addressed their defensive weakness via the crop of youngsters arriving this season from recent drafts : Brandon Carlo , Matt Grzelcyk , Robbie O'Gara and Jeremy Lauzon . The team 's confidence that those prospects could offer immediate help could open the door for general manager Don Sweeney to use one or both of their first-round picks in a trade , maybe a deal to acquire a veteran blueliner .
But if the B 's do use their draft picks , it 's a good year to grab a defenseman who could be NHL-ready in a year or two , maybe even sooner .
“ There 's a core of good D-men , four or five players , ” NHL Central Scouting director Dan Marr said . “ There 's no predicting the order . They 're all good and they 're all different in their own ways . It 's going to be up to each ( NHL ) team , whatever they want at that position . They 're all quality players . They 're all going to be in the NHL sooner rather than later . They all bring something different . You can look to five different teams and they 'll all say someone different . It 's a very good corps of D-men and they 're all going to be top-four on their NHL teams . ”
Based on a conglomeration of NHL Central Scouting ranks and various mock drafts , here are some of the top prospects among defenseman :
• Jakob Chychrun — The sturdy and fast-skating 6-foot-2 , 200-pound son of rugged ex-NHL defenseman Jeff Chychrun . He 's a talented and mature all-round player who had 11 goals and 38 assists in 62 games in juniors last season for Sarnia of the Ontario Hockey League .
• Mikhail Sergachyov — Also 6-2 and 200 pounds , he 's a terrific talent , feisty and fast , who had 17 goals and 40 assists in 67 games for Windsor ( OHL ) .
• Olli Juolevi — Solid and physical at 6-2 , 185 pounds , the Finland native has great wheels and hockey IQ . They put up nine goals and 33 assists in 57 games for Memorial Cup champion London ( OHL ) .
• Charlie McAvoy — Just over 6-foot and 208 pounds , the rising Boston University sophomore had three goals and 22 assists in 37 games .
• Jake Bean — A poised , intelligent and quick 6-footer , they posted 24 goals and 40 assists in 68 games for Calgary of the Western Hockey League .
• Dante Fabbro — The Boston University-bound 6-foot , 183-pounder is smart and dependable , and they had 14 goals and 53 assists in just 45 games for Penticton of the British Columbia Hockey League .
• Logan Stanley — A 6-7 , 225-pound beast , they have decent mobility and uses reach and aggressive play to their advantage . In 64 games for Windsore they had five goals , 12 assists and 103 penalty minutes .
If the Bruins do select a defenseman at No . 14 , McAvoy could well be available , and they suit the team 's needs as a talented puck-moving , transition blueliner . McAvoy , who wo n't turn 19 until just before Christmas , likely will spend one or two more seasons with the Terriers before being ready to jump to the pros .
“ I think he 's got a great future ahead of him , ” BU coach David Quinn said . “ Is they ready for the NHL next season ? No , no . They understand that . Probably the hardest position to transition from college to pro is defense . ”
So it will depend on which roster-building route Sweeney chooses — trying to get veteran defensemen via trades or free agency , or through the draft . One way or another , though , the blue line corps needs a big upgrade if the B 's plan to return to the playoffs .
Previously by Ron Holland : Strauss-Kahn and IMF : Will the Rape and Pillage Continue ?
“ People never believe in volcanoes until the lava actually overtakes them. ” ~ George Santayana
Last fall , while on an investment cruise , I had the opportunity to visit a “ dormant ” volcano in Chile . There was even a ski area with lift , restaurants etc . near the top on the lava and cinders . I thought at the time how I would ski the volcano but never risk my funds on a real estate investment there for obvious reasons .
Today we find the United States and most of Europe in a similar situation . We risk an eruption and collapse of the mountain of unsustainable sovereign debt built up over the last two decades . Frankly , the US dollar and national debt situation is so dire and our means to contain a sovereign debt crisis so limited by multiple wars , Washington 's debt and political incompetence at home , that anything could happen — almost overnight . Even a minor foreign policy or economic event like a Greek default or Middle East crisis could reap havoc with the precarious interlocking sovereign debt pyramid in the West .
Of course , no nation wants a collapse — especially China — because a western debt collapse and write down is certainly uncharted financial waters and the contagion risks are global . Still , America and most European governments and the central banking elites , which created the criminal sovereign debt fiasco , are only trying to buy more time and delay the inevitable . This inaction means the threat of an immediate US debt and dollar collapse can not be ruled out . Therefore , readers who have not protected themselves certainly have cause to worry because now could be too late .
It Is Exit Time For Your Gold , Wealth & Family
Although you may have some time , nothing else has to happen before a big collapse could take place , even within days . Consequently , after 30 years of watching , writing and creating protective retirement planning and financial strategies , today I 'm finally going to yell “ FIRE ” inside the closed ‘ financial iron curtain ” which is America .
If you have failed to store your precious metals outside the US , diversify out of the dollar or reduce or terminate your private retirement plan , there is now a clear danger of a Washington dollar and sovereign debt crisis which could sweep away most of your remaining wealth and financial security .
I do not have a crystal ball or inside political information on a specific imminent threat , only the observation that the sovereign debt crisis from Europe , a debt ceiling misstep from the clowns in Washington or a Middle East event could suddenly trigger the collapse . Actually any major political or economic shock could bring the Madoff style Ponzi scheme , which Greenspan and Bernanke have created , down almost overnight on top of us .
This will likely happen over a weekend and the following Monday morning you could wake up to Presidential Executive Orders “ means testing ” you out of Social Security benefits if you still have substantial retirement benefits or personal savings . You 'll likely discover an end to your home interest deductions , new confiscatory taxes and restrictions on US gold and silver , controls on moving private wealth and funds to safety offshore and dramatic hikes in taxes and cuts in government programs . In addition , spiking inflation rates , violence and massive protests will immediately follow these confiscatory actions and cutbacks . You can also expect severe banking and stock market liquidity restrictions , or closures , and this will only be the beginning . In short your wealth will be trapped in dollars and locked up for the duration of the emergency inside the American jurisdiction .
Therefore if you have n't already prepared for this type of crisis contingency ahead of time , I 'm telling you there will be little you can do after the fact . Washington will simply take and throw your wealth and promised benefits at the problem thus buying them more time with your wealth .
The Central Banks , City of London & Wall Street Have Looted America and the World
Back in 2007 , did the Federal Reserve or your politicians or financial experts predict a collapse in housing prices of 30 to 50 percent ? Remember , Bernanke , George Bush and Barack Obama all promised this was a temporary blip in the long-term upward trend in housing values . All advised you to “ stay the course . ”
Today , Tim Geithner claims we have a “ strong dollar policy ” but have you observed the 35 % plus appreciation in the currencies of Brazil and Switzerland to the dollar in the last year ? The EU establishment has repeatedly claimed over the last few months that the Greek problems are solved but these fake solutions usually only last a few days at best .
Back here in the US , there is talk about deficit reduction , cutting programs and tax increases but nothing really happens because solving the problem is political suicide . The American and European elites are buying time knowing that only a crash or war will give them the opportunity to act as they did in the 2008 meltdown . They only wait for a cataclysmic event to provide the fear , excuse and public support for government action needed to grab our private wealth and to delay their problems .
The mainstream American press does n't cover it , however the rest of the world knows that Wall Street banks and their central banking buddies in London and New York created the sovereign debt crisis . They then sold their profitable template , or imposed it on the end of a gun , for debt democracy to politicians around the world as a means to buy votes and maintain political control . The scam is now over and no one has a solution to the tens of trillions in debt already spent .
While many millions of poor people overseas are going hungry because of our exported inflation on food costs , now the foreign middle classes are being impoverished just to pay interest on the sovereign debts to our banking elites . Although , much of the world correctly blames their thieving politicians who 've been bought off by our banking elites as the problem , our nation is also a target for their outrage .
Foreign politicians will attempt to shift the blame to America and this will speed the end of our American free ride from the fiat dollar and our reserve currency status . The world is just waiting for the spark to start the run out of the dollar and our Treasury debt . No nation will really help us when the collapse comes .
What If You Have More Time ?
Maybe we have months instead of weeks — or at most a couple of years before the event takes place . Allow our politicians “ buying time ” to work for your benefit instead of theirs :
1 . Educate Yourself With Free Subscriptions : First , to protect yourself , you must assume the balance of establishment news coverage and opinion is all disinformation designed to delay panic and create actions which will benefit the establishment probably to the detriment of your best interests . Therefore I suggest you subscribe to the following free e-mail publications :
Follow what the elites are planning ahead of time with The Daily Bell — Subscribe .
Keep up with the real freedom news and philosophy by subscribing to LewRockwell.com — Subscribe .
Get an Austrian economics view on the markets and gold with Mountain Vision — Subscribe .
2 . Maintain Liquidity & Reduce Political Risk : Legally and following all reporting requirements , move your private wealth outside the US into safe secure investments which will remain liquid and trading should US markets close as they did follow 9/11 .
3 . Create A Domestic Safe-Haven Location : The potential for violence , theft and property destruction in the US dwarfs what could happen in Greece . If you can afford a safe-haven second home away from major cities and high crime locations , then do so . Consider taking advantage of the real estate collapse and buying something you can enjoy in good times and have as insurance for bad times .
4 . You Will Likely Be Safer Outside the US : In a serious crisis , most of the criminals out to steal your property and do harm to you will come with official government sanction and not from traditional criminal elements . Consider a more secure safe-haven jurisdiction where the rule of law might still prevail with a condo , second citizenship or residency in a nation outside the United States for the duration of the domestic disorder and economic collapse . Remember , currency and government debt collapse is common throughout the world and history shows the difficulties do n't last forever . My fear is we have n't seen a world reserve currency collapse before and the aftermath is uncharted waters . I would expect a scenario several magnitudes worse than the 1991 Russian collapse .
5 . Secure Your Gold : Finally move most of your gold or silver offshore where it will remain secure rather than become a tempting target for confiscation from parasitical groups and individuals . Washington will need your gold as I doubt there has been substantial gold at Fort Knox since Nixon closed the gold window . The eventual outcome of the crisis may well be some fake gold backing for the dollar . Why else would anyone use a collapsed currency ?
6 . Do n't Trust Washington With Your Retirement Benefits : Consider closing and taking a withdrawal from your retirement plans to avoid new taxes and penalties at withdrawal , the means testing and loss of your Social Security benefits or the forced investment into collapsing Treasury obligations .
You can read all about the gold and retirement threats in my Lew Rockwell archive . Pay specific attention to the following essays :
The debt crisis is here and I promise you only that you will not hear the truth on cable financial news or from your establishment investment firm or professional . To avoid a panic , neither the government , the Federal Reserve nor Wall Street will be honest with you about the risks we face , just like they all lied and covered-up before the market meltdown in 2008 .
If you are an American , the last place you should keep most of your wealth now is in the dollar or your home country . You might personally get out but your wealth will be trapped for the duration and probably lost during the disruption .
Reprinted with permission from The Daily Bell .
The Best of Ron Holland
The Best of Ron Holland
India-based software company MindTree Limited has chosen Gainesville for its U.S. development center with plans to create 400 jobs with an average salary of $ 80,000 .
India-based software company MindTree Limited has chosen Gainesville for its U.S. development center with plans to create at least 400 jobs with an average salary of $ 80,000 .
The company will move into the Ayers building at 720 SW Second Ave. , now considered part of Innovation Square surrounding the University of Florida 's Innovation Hub business incubator , following a $ 2.9 million renovation .
MindTree expects to employ 35 people in Gainesville over the next six months from a combination of existing employees and local hires , with plans to add 100 jobs a year thereafter , Scott Staples , co-founder and president , Americas , told The Sun .
They said in a presentation that they hope to go beyond initial plans for 400 jobs , to create 500 or 600 .
MindTree develops software for Fortune 2000 companies and independent software vendors worldwide . It has 11,000 employees .
The official announcement came Tuesday morning at a ceremony with local business , government and education officials at the Hilton University of Florida Conference Center .
Staples credited a coordinated effort among those factions with selling the company on Gainesville.He presented Brent Christensen , president and CEO of the Gainesville Area Chamber of Commerce and the Council for Economic Outreach , with a conductor 's baton for a `` well-orchestrated team effort . ''
They also credited the quick response of Gerhard Ritter , acting chairperson of the UF Department of Computer and Information Science & Engineering , after first making contact by email to ask about the potential labor pool out of the university .
In a subsequent email projected on a screen Friday , Staples wrote , `` This is the best response I have received from any major university . Thanks for the detail and the passion behind it . ''
Staples said MindTree was seeking IT talent , a strong university tie , proximity to potential Fortune 2000 clients , a place relocated employees would want to live , and local and state support .
`` We found a place that is obsessed with innovation and action , '' they said .
The company was approved for up to $ 1.2 million in tax refunds depending on the number of jobs created , with 80 percent coming from the state . Gainesville and Alachua County commissions each approved $ 120,000 credits for the remainder .
Florida Lt. Gov . Jennifer Carroll said the company will help prevent the brain drain of UF graduates leaving the state .
`` You are helping Florida move in the right direction to help the governor and I create those 700,000 jobs that we campaigned on , '' they said .
UF President Bernie Machen said , `` MindTree is exactly the kind of global , creative , aggressive company that we 've been dreaming about . … With Innovation Square , we began a brand-new era . MindTree 's decision to come to Gainesville affirms our direction . ''
MindTree is publicly traded on the India stock exchange with revenues of $ 100 million per quarter and 20 percent annual growth , Staples said .
The company has six U.S. offices and headquarters in Warren , N.J. , and Bangalore , India .
Staples said they are known for a corporate culture that emphasizes integrity and calls employees MindTree minds .
Among several honors , the company was awarded the Best Corporate Governance , India , 2012 , by World Finance magazine .
Staples first contacted Ritter on Nov. 29 , 2011 , and visited Gainesville on Dec. 20 . They said they received a call from Gov . Rick Scott shortly thereafter and had dinner with them about a month later .
`` And some guy named Tim Tebow sent me an autographed copy of their book saying Gainesville turned out pretty good for them and they promised it would be pretty good for my team , '' they said .
They said they would return the favor now that Tebow is with the New York Jets , which plays in New Jersey .
Staples returned with other MindTree executives on Feb. 13 to tour two potential locations , and get a taste of the workforce and quality of life over four hours . Gainesville was competing with sites in South Carolina and Alabama .
`` You guys delivered . We were impressed with Gainesville , '' they said .
Realtor Mitch Glaeser , chairperson of the Council for Economic Outreach , said , `` We had four power-packed hours to make our case . ''
As part of the incentive package , FloridaWorks received permission from the U.S. Department of Labor to alter a $ 5 million training grant to include technology companies , making MindTree eligible to apply . The grant funds part of the salary during on-the-job training for hiring the unemployed .
Chamber Chairman Michael Gallagher of SantaFe Healthcare said CEO and Innovation Gainesville partners can celebrate the fruits of their labors after raising $ 3.4 million from local investors for economic development . Other recent Chamber and CEO efforts include helping lure Silver Airways and with Priora Robotics ' downtown expansion plans .
Last year , as Pretty Little Liars closed out the first half of its fourth season , the spookular folks of Rosewood 's sister city , Ravenswood , sent around flyers and put up posters advertising a celebration that required attendees to wear “ period costumes ” ( thus creating a premise for the Ravenswood-launching Halloween episode ) . The camera swooped down to reveal the when-and-where details of the event , but the only info contained on the posted bill was “ 8 in the evening. ” No date—just 8ish on you-know-which-day . It was one of those quirks that could probably be chalked up to Ravenswood magic or the residents ' hive-mind collective creepiness ( does everyone own a period costume they can don at the drop of a top hat ? ) , but I remember watching and thinking , “ Ugh . Why ca n't they just include a date ? ”
To add to the discombobulation , Ezria recently recalled the trajectory of their relationship—as has everyone who 's been thinking about used-to-be-dead Alison—and in the process confirmed that it 's been two years in PLL time since Ezra walked their high-school-aged mark back to a bar bathroom and started the greatest love affair the world has ever known . But it 's starting to become more apparent lately that we do n't exactly know when we are . It 's been a good long while since we 've seen the Liars out of school , since the show has celebrated a real-world holiday , or even since the production designers have offered a rough estimate via constellations in the night sky of where the show is in time . The last specific date we have for the Liars came in the 2012 Halloween episode , “ This is a Dark Ride , ” —October of their senior year . And in June ( of our reality timeline ) , series creator Marlene King insisted during a Reddit AMA that it 's still fall in Rosewood during the Liars ' senior year , which started in Season 3 . Thus , since Adam Lambert showed up to awkwardly hit on Aria 's Daisy Buchanan , we 've tuned in for almost two full seasons that only span a month or so , total , in Rosewood time .
Spencer 's pill addiction , the rise and fall of Ravenswood , the break-up and make-up of Haleb , Ezra being revealed as a surveilling creepster , Ella 's entire doomed adventure with eventual-pedo Zack , Ezra getting shot by Shana , Aria 's poisoning , Ezra healing from that gunshot wound , Spencer finding out that Toby was a hoodie , and all the twists and turns of Paily—all of it supposedly took place before the first Pennsylvania snow .
How can we explain all these events happening in such a small window ? Let me offer some theories :
1 . Anxiety Stretches Time
What we may perceive as the passage of time is really just an illusion . Just like when you 're scared and it feels like seconds tick by more slowly , these anxiety-riddled young women are in a constant state of fear , living in a world where time seeps forward like molasses . You may think you see them going to bed and waking up the next morning , but those are really just 20-minute stress-naps after the body has shut down due to fight-or-flight fatigue .
Explains : The slow passage of perceived time .
Does Not Explain : Ezra 's Wolverine-like healing ability .
2 . Rosewood Is Under the Dome
Chester 's Mill has a speed problem that 's even worse than Rosewood 's ; the small New England municipality has been home to an ax murderer , two water shortages , and multiple manhunts , all within just over two weeks ! So maybe whatever is speeding up the crazy in Maine is also letting A have his/her way with the Liars in Rosewood . There has n't been a plague yet and there 's no political power struggle over who 's in charge of the greater Rosewood-Ravenswood metropolitan area , but give it time . We 'll figure out who that Dome Egg person is yet .
Explains : The speed at which highly plotted events occur consecutively , why there 's been no snow so far this season .
Does Not Explain : The Liars ' warp speed travel to other cities .
3 . Zeno 's Dichotomy Paradox
It basically says that between any two points there are an infinite number of subpoints . So , say you want to walk to the kitchen to grab some cheesy poofs . The distance may seem short , but before you get there , you have to walk halfway there . But before you can walk halfway there , you have to walk halfway to the halfway point . But first you have to walk halfway to halfway . And so on . This is why people have butlers .
If there 's a finite distance between Halloween and Christmas—and there is ; we have calendars that tell us so—an infinite number of events can take place between the two dates before we can make it to December 25 . So that 's why we 're currently experiencing such a jam-packed month of sudsy proportions .
Explains : Why so many things can happen in a month , why the passage of time is of no consequence .
Does Not Explain : Who gave me the right to manipulate a time-honored philosophical tradition to explain the timeline of a teen soap .
4 . The Liars Are Super Seniors
Because these girls are so busy solving puzzles , running from shadows , and ducking the lingering gazes of Rosewood men , their careers as high-school seniors have been summarily “ extended ” in accordance with their ridiculous truancy records . What we believe to be another season within the confines of a single senior year is actually a bunch of episodes taking place within their senior half-decade .
Explains : The time needed for events to occur , why the school has n't disciplined the Liars ' for never , ever being in class anymore .
Does Not Explain : Why no one has even spoken of college since they found Tippi the Parrot .
5 . The Record is Skipping
What keeps Ravenswood weird and allows Rosewood to drift through its own timeline independent of our conception of passing days and weeks is a giant electromagnetic presence deep below the the Pennsylvanian countryside . The syndicate is actually a network of people from the future who also live in the past , and they 're here to maintain this timestream so that events run their proper course . A has no desire to actually torture the girls ; he/she/they just needs to ensure that certain events happen as they should . Or maybe they do n't . Some of them just believe that whatever happens , happens . Just go with it , Lafleur .
Explains : Why A is still torturing the Liars even though they have n't really done anything wrong in a while without A 's prodding .
Does Not Explain : Who the people in the outrigger were .
6 . We 're Dealing With Titans of Star Stuff
Everyone in Rosewood is actually an ageless god for whom the mortal conception of time does not apply . The Liars ' “ senior year ” is actually a million billion years in our understanding , and Rosewood exists in a cosmic vacuum on a plane beyond everyone 's normal conception of time , and the only person who can comprehend such an idea is Neil deGrasse Tyson , who tells the writers what happens in the Pretty Little Liars universe each week through a complex system involving spectroscopy and the whispers of the tardigrades in a drop of dew .
Explains : Why time and life are meaningless .
Does Not Explain : Why anyone should care whether Caleb eats fried zucchini and brownies for dinner .
Think you 've got a better idea ? What 's your theory ?
Shortly after 8 a.m. Wednesday , TriMet managed to pull a car blocking MAX trains out of the Robertson Tunnel . ( Wait . Does that Hyundai have rainbows painted on it ? )
The adventurous driver brought MAX service between the Tualatin Valley and downtown Portland to a halt for three hours -- the entire span of the morning commute . After inspecting the tracks for damage , the transit agency resumed MAX service at about 9 a.m .
Twenty years ago , TriMet engineers built barriers along Southwest Jefferson Avenue to prevent this exact commuting nightmare from happening .
So how did the driver manage to get into the tunnel just as the morning transit commute started rolling ? As the Death Star taught us , there 's a weak point in every infrastructure .
Roberta Altstadt , a TriMet spokesperson , said it appears the motorist entered where the road crosses the tracks at Goose Hollow Station and then drove west .
Jamees Edmund Dejarnette , 28 , was under the influence of intoxicants when they drove their car into the tunnel , police said .
Tracing Dejarnette 's route on Google Maps , it 's impossible to imagine that they did n't realize that something was amiss .
Here 's the route ( notice that Google suggests drivers use Southwest Jefferson Street , not the MAX tracks ) .
Dejarnette went at least a bumpy third of a mile -- going under the Vista Bridge along the way -- before entering the eastern mouth of the tunnel running under Washington Park .
Meanwhile , after shifting all trains to the eastbound tracks became too much of hassle , TriMet switched to shuttle buses , turning a normally direct train route through the West Hills into a roundabout bus ride . Morning commuters were less than pleased with the decision .
In fact , some riders were asking , “ Are these shuttle buses invisible ? ”
Here 's a sample from Twitter :
Yes . Yes it is .
Of course , this is n't the first time that a car has made its way into the Robertson Tunnel to plug up MAX traffic .
Maybe it 's time for TriMet to improve road signage approaching the tunnel ?
Or how about pit-like car traps ? Seriously , that 's a thing . Calgary Transit uses the traps effectively to prevent vehicles from using the bus right of way .
-- Joseph Rose
New Bleach RPG That Uses GPS To Find And Beat Hollows Is Headed To LINE In Japan
By Sato . July 27 , 2017 . 12:30am
A new Bleach game is headed to communication app LINE 's game portal in Japan . The game will have players use their GPS to locate Hollows to protect their cities . [ Thanks , Ryokutya2089 . ]
The new Bleach game is an RPG with 3D battles and is depicted in full-CG . It takes place in the real world , where players will be tasked with protecting the cities they live in from lurking Hollows .
The app uses the smartphone 's GPS to locate the player and using the information as part of the task to defeat Hollows . There 's a story mode for the game as well .
More information including the new Bleach game 's title and release will be announced on a later date .
If the UN high-level panel on sustainable development goals gets its way , the world will from 2015 be chasing a target to “ reduce bribery and corruption ” . That was the recommendation set out in the panel 's report last month – and , right on cue , water professionals last week held the Water Integrity Forum in the Dutch town of Delft to discuss how to improve integrity in an industry that , it acknowledged in its final statement , “ is particularly vulnerable to corruption ” .
Water point in Turba . Photo Credit : UNAMID on Flickr
The proposed UN target has a long way to go before it is adopted by the General Assembly in September . Not least answering the question of how you measure bribery and corruption . The danger will be that some convenient abstraction gets adopted , such as the millennium development goals ' health target for delivering safe drinking water , which became an engineering target for “ improved ” water supplies .
Oiling the wheels of service
At least , some sectors of the water industry are owning up to their sins . Which is a start . Though as the Forum -- orqanised by UNESCO 's institute for water education ( IHE ) , the Water Integrity Network and the Water Governance Centre -- repeatedly heard , it has a lot to do .
Over three days , the horror stories came thick and fast . From a President of Burundi allegedly diverting water from an aid-funded rural water supply scheme to irrigate their hilltop pineapple farm , and the British water utility Severn Trent 's 2008 conviction for lying about leakage rates from its water mains , to numerous tales of pipes paid for by aid agencies that somehow never deliver water , the industry is riddled with malfeasance .
For some funding agencies , paying bribes is an irritating necessity in oiling the wheels of service provision . But the forum insisted that bribes do n't ensure water provision , they frequently prevented it . Often , delegates concluded , water shortages “ are not due to shortage of water resources , but to governance failures ... such as corruption . ”
Covert agendas
Corruption also increased poverty by excluding poor farmers from irrigation systems ; allowing the destruction of groundwater reserves ; turning a blind eye to pollution that made water sources unusable ; and encouraging agricultural land grabs , many of which are really water grabs .
The Water Integrity Network , in a pre-forum note to delegates , cited evidence “ that corruption decreases efficiency of African water utilities by more than 60 per cent. ” It listed some familiar reasons for water 's particular vulnerability . A monopolistic industry , large capital intensive infrastructure with enticingly large price tags , and diffuse decision making all allowed “ loopholes to be exploited rampantly . ”
So much was so familiar . But there were worrying suggestions that modern ideas about integrated water management , including river basin management , were increasing the risk of corruption . For instance , forging cross-sectoral links to manage the competing water needs for water for food and energy might sound like smart management . But “ by increasing complexity , it increases opportunities for corruption ” , a session organised by IWMI concluded .
There is , it seems , an emerging conflict between optimal hydrology and optimal governance .
Financial corruption was matched , other sessions heard , by scientific corruption and the misuse of data . Water monopolies routinely withhold hydrological data – whether from poor customers or downstream countries on international rivers . Too many consultants are willing to prostitute their expertise by being nice about failing projects -- in return for securing the next commission . So said David Zetland , an American political economist who is both a consultant on water governance and a data disseminator .
Several speakers widened the definition of corruption to include reports from Ethiopia and elsewhere of male water kiosk operators demanding sex for water , and water-meter readers harassing women in their homes .
But the main focus was on events in air-conditioned capital cities , where delegates related their experiences of government officials demanding cash to attend meetings and cars to deliver contracts . But also of aid agencies with their own covert agendas to promote consultants and contractors from back home .
Veteran Dutch consultant Alphons Klomberg reported how they had devised a scheme for installing 4000 water-delivery points in four projects across four provinces of Burundi . “ But the funders wanted one package , not four. ” With no local entrepreneurs able to operate at that scale , “ a French company got the work. ” It then subcontracted the tasks to the local companies , which ended up doubling costs – “ so half as many water points were installed . ”
Who was n't at the forum ?
Large engineering companies were thin on the ground , but most remarked was the absence of Chinese delegates . So there was nobody to reply when one senior delegate said baldly that “ China is a corrupting influence in Africa ” . Nor when Uganda 's minister for water resources Betty Bigombe told the closing panel session that “ the Chinese make it very attractive for us to borrow money from them . They literally carry dollars around in their pockets to get a contract . ”
Bigombe stayed for all three days of the forum , breaking what they called a “ taboo ” among ministers and senior officials in Africa about discussing corruption . “ Everybody knows it 's there , but nobody fights it , ” they said . They were equally fierce , however , with western companies for “ tempting people with bribes ” and commissions , and what the rector of UNESCO-IHE Andras Szollosi-Nagy said their colleagues in Communist Hungary used to call “ constitutional expenses ” .
A work in progress
Szollosi-Nagy will take the forum 's conclusions -- including a call for a “ universal code of conduct for individual and institutional behaviour ” -- to the UN Water Summit in Budapest in October . But the forum admitted there was as yet no agreed formula on how best to fight corruption and improve the industry 's integrity . “ The tool box ” , said one delegate , “ remains work in progress ” .
Some saw the key as more competition , while others wanted more regulation . Some thought centralization of decision-making would help , while others sought decentralization . But most agreed that , one way or another , greater accountability to citizens was the key .
The IWMI session called for “ strengthening grass-roots organization ” to put pressure on weak water institutions to clean up their acts , said its convener , Floriane Clement , who works for IWMI in Nepal .
Kitty van der Heijden , director of water issues at the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs , put it another way : “ We need to bring ordinary people to the table . That 's when you change society . ”
Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
In Rio during the Olympics , I spent a day with Hugo Costa , a geographer who lives in the city 's working class North Zone , to talk about the Games ' legacy . They showed me how a new bus system touted as a lasting civic benefit was actually making things worse for them and their family , how it did n't alleviate any of their transportation problems , and how it destroyed the neighborhood 's last green space . In other words , it was just another false promise to the people of Rio , one of many made by the Olympics . But Costa was still a proud citizen , trying to make their city a better place .
Earlier this month , I messaged Costa on WhatsApp to check in . How were things going ?
`` Well , '' Costa messaged back , `` The news about Brazil is n't good . ''
Read More : The Rio Games Were An Unjustifiable Human Disaster , And So Are The Olympics
After the worldwide media 's Eye of Sauron-like gaze on the Olympics shifted elsewhere , Brazil plunged further into political and economic crisis . Since 2014 , unemployment has doubled and GDP has fallen 8.4 percent . Following former president Dilma Rousseff 's impeachment , the new right-wing Brazilian government passed a draconian austerity measure that will freeze spending for 20 years and cut wages and pensions of government employees up to 30 percent , a law that the United Nations decried as unprecedented and `` lacking in all nuance and compassion . '' ( This , of course , in a country that still has no dividend or corporate income tax . )
Of all the places in Brazil , Rio has been hit hardest . The state of Rio—as well as the city itself—was broke before the Games began . Rio 's revenue greatly relies on the price of oil , thanks to reserves tapped in the late 2000s . When global oil prices plummeted , Rio 's cash flow dried up , and so did that of the biggest company in Brazil , Petrobras , the federally-owned oil company that has its headquarters and many refineries and factories in Rio . Federal bailout funds that kept Rio functioning for the Olympics are long gone , and , thanks to tax breaks given out to sponsors and other Olympics-adjacent companies , the state failed to raise any revenue from the three-week festivities . Today , the state owes some $ 31 billion to various creditors , including the federal government .
Petrobras is also at the center of a massive corruption scandal dubbed Lava Jato , `` car wash , '' which involves more than $ 2 billion in bribes and kickbacks , some of which relates to the Olympics . Brazil 's largest construction company , Odebrecht , is also central to Lava Jato . It oversaw more than half of the Olympics ' building contracts and had its own bribery department to handle such affairs .
As part of cooperating with authorities in the investigation , Odebrecht has directly implicated the outgoing mayor of Rio , Eduardo Paes , one of the Olympics ' biggest boosters . Company executives claim to have given Paes as much as $ 8.95 million towards their 2012 reelection campaign . Earlier this month , Paes ' assets were frozen due to some irregularities relating to the Olympic Golf Course 's environmental taxes—the development company FIORE was supposed to pay roughly $ 470,000 in taxes , but did n't , which in turn passed the cost on to the city . Paes ' assets were frozen since they were planning to move to America for a Columbia University teaching gig , but Paes subsequently announced they will no longer be teaching there . The Olympics Golf Course kerfuffle is hardly surprising given everything I learned about the course in August , and how Paes and the city orchestrated its construction on environmentally-protected land for the benefit of FIORE 's billionaire owner .
Outgoing Rio mayor Eduardo Paes ( left ) enjoying a happier , less investigatory era . Photo by Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
So far , the Olympic `` legacy '' projects do n't look too promising either . Odebrecht also `` won '' the bidding for legacy projects such as the BRT lines that run through Costa 's neighborhood . One of the uncompleted works , the Transbrasil line—which nonsensically shadows existing highway and rail lines from downtown up through the north zone—has ceased construction altogether thanks to the corruption scandal .
The new metro line built for the Olympics , which connects wealthier areas of the south zone with the rest of the metro system , remains prohibitively expensive for many Cariocas and does n't have a transfer fare plan with city buses and the existing BRT lines . To wit : a journey including bus and the metro—a necessity for most since the metro is n't exactly expansive—now costs 7.90 Reais , an expensive proposition for Rio 's working class . At first , the state and bus companies agreed to a 90 cent discount , which would be reimbursed to the bus companies by tax revenues from the state , but the bus companies are now refusing to honor the discount because the government is broke and does n't have the money to pay them back . Also , all three systems—bus , BRT , and metro—require three different passes . This lack of integration with the bus lines has contributed to the new metro line 's ridership falling way short of expectations ; only 80,000 passengers a day compared to a projected 300,000 .
The other Olympics legacy rail project , the light rail ( or VLT ) in downtown Rio , is not a total white elephant . The line connects the main bus terminal with the domestic airport—which used to have no real public transportation link—and the new port region , which itself saw a revitalization thanks to an Olympics legacy project ( Rio 's Olympic Committee long wanted to include the port region in the Olympics , but because it was n't part of the official bid , the IOC refused ) . However , the VLT was supposed to be a whole network of lines throughout downtown , a plan for which there is now no money .
The VLT is operated via a public-private partnership , which includes , among other companies , Odebrecht . A thorough audit of the partnership agreement showed the city of Rio is on the hook for R $ 1.6 billion to the private companies making up the VLT consortium for the next 25 years , in addition to making up any revenue shortfalls the VLT may experience over that time—likely a substantial figure , considering only a small portion of the network is built ) . Essentially , the city , which is flat broke , has guaranteed the VLT consortium profits for the next two and a half decades for a largely incomplete project .
Meanwhile , RioOnWatch.org has reported that the half-finished construction of some of those VLT lines has destroyed local economies in some working class neighborhoods , since foot and car traffic now circumvent their neighborhoods to avoid the torn-up streets . Rio On Watch estimated that 28 bus lines from the port region to the North and South Zones were cut and 21 lines shortened for the VLT construction . In Gamboa , a neighborhood just north of downtown , five lines were cut , and some of the only lines that remain cease operation at 7 PM . One resident summed up the VLT 's impact to Rio On Watch by saying , `` It only got better for tourists , but for those who live here it is a horror . ''
One of the most high profile legacy projects , the cleaning of Guanabara Bay , also seems poised for historic failure . Not only did it fail to clean the bay for Olympic sailing events , but earlier this month , the company responsible for the continued cleaning of the bay fired the workers on the project .
As for the Olympics venues themselves , they 're still there , and that was n't the plan . As of the end of November , the main Olympic Park has been empty , with debris still strewn about as if the park was abandoned , clearly not ready to host more events any time soon . The plans to re-purpose several of the temporary stadiums as schools around the city have not been put into action . Given Rio 's financial realities , it 's difficult to see those plans coming to fruition .
As for the golf course , which was both a venue and a legacy project since the course was to remain open to the public for 20 years , an AFP report from November said funding is already a problem and the course goes largely unused , thanks in part to the hefty minimum play fee of $ 74 and the fact that golf is n't popular in Brazil . By early next year , the course 's future may be in question due to missed payments from the Brazilian Golf Federation .
Like Brazil , Rio 's Olympic golf course faces an uncertain future . Photo by Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Faced with a laundry list of stalled projects , white elephants , and legacies that are anything but , cariocas have voiced their displeasure at the polls . As Mauricio Santoro , professor of political science at Rio de Janeiro State University told me , the three politicians most closely associated with the Olympics—Rio mayor Paes , Rio state governor Sérgio Cabral , and the former president of Brazil , Rousseff—are all facing corruption charges and are no longer in office . Cabral has been arrested , Dilma was impeached , and Paes looks like the next politician to have their career stonewalled by Lava Jato .
Meanwhile , Paes 's chosen candidate to replace them lost to Marcelo Crivella , a conservative Evangelical pastor—who Santoro characterized as `` conservative even for the Bible Belt of the United States '' —a sharp contrast with Rio 's liberal , free-wheeling image .
It 's easy to forget that Rio 's image was the point of all this in the first place . Rio—and Brazil as a whole—spent a decade preparing to host the world 's two premier mega-events , the Olympics and the 2014 World Cup , in an effort to symbolize its ascendancy to global economic relevance . It was a fair enough bet at the time , and one Brazil easily could have managed if conditions held . Only they did n't , and the rest is not merely history . Brazilians , and especially cariocas , will be feeling the effects for decades .
But how much of the blame belongs at the feet of the Olympics and World Cup is not an easy calculus to make . The perception , Santoro said , is that Brazil overspent on two massive parties for the world to enjoy and are now paying the price . But that 's not the whole story . Brazil also hit some terrible luck . Everything possible went wrong and the government did n't react well , choosing to give tax exemptions to big corporations and ease lines of credit when oil revenues decreased , hoping to spend the country 's way out of the problem . Everyone piled up debt , including everyday consumers and government employees , many of whom lost their jobs when the government went bankrupt or Petrobras laid off thousands when the scandal hit . The mega-events did n't help , of course , but they did n't write the check . They merely added a few more billions to the bill .
Olympic Stadium construction is n't cheap . Photo by Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
This is n't to say Brazil or Rio 's power structure are blameless—far from it—or that there 's nothing here for other prospective mega-event hosts to learn . Particularly for other emerging or developing nations , Brazil 's last two years offer a profound cautionary tale for how quickly economic and political winds can change and how far into the future bets should be placed . It 's easy to forget now , but when Brazil won the Olympics bid in 2009 , it was ready to surpass France and the UK as the world 's fifth-biggest economy . Now , it has a president nobody elected , a government spending plan condemned by the UN as unhumanitarian , the world 's biggest active corruption scandal , and bills nobody knows how to pay .
Santoro posited that perhaps the lesson extends beyond emerging economies : `` Come on , in the world that we 're living in now , who has strong political institutions , right ? '' Which country , they asked , would you make a ten-year bet on right now ?
`` I think the crisis was coming with or without the Olympics , '' Santoro said , `` but the fact that we hosted the World Cup two years ago and the Olympics this year— '' they paused to chuckle a bit to themselves `` —it 's funny , because it is like the Olympics were many years ago . Because we are living now in such a different mood in Rio . It 's like something from the deep past . ''
The closing ceremony was four months ago last week .
Want to read more stories like this from VICE Sports ? Subscribe to our daily newsletter .
Those TV yappers are in a tizzy about the upcoming Democratic convention . They keep jibber-jabbering about how neither Clinton nor Obama will have enough delegates to win the presidential nomination and they 'll need to woo the high-powered superdelegates . They keep yakking about a deadlocked convention ! Or , better yet , a brokered convention !
These young whippersnappers do n't know doodley about a deadlocked convention . Most of them were n't even born the last time a convention fight went beyond the first ballot , which was in 1952 .
Back in my day , Democrats had real conventions with real nomination fights that went on for dozens of ballots . It took 46 ballots to nominate Woodrow Wilson in 1912 , and 44 ballots to nominate James Cox in 1920 . Jeez , it took four ballots to nominate Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 -- and they were FDR , for crying out loud !
In those days , people were n't in such a damn hurry . They liked to vote for their state 's `` favorite son '' candidate for a few ballots just to show some local pride . In 1932 , FDR 's campaign manager asked Sam Rayburn , who was the campaign manager for John Nance Garner of Texas , if they could get the Texas delegation to vote for FDR after the first ballot .
`` Hell , no , '' Rayburn said , `` we 've got a lot of people up here who 've never been to a convention before , and they 've got to vote for Garner a few times . ''
But you did n't come all the way out here to the old folks ' home to hear me beat my gums about the good old days . You want to hear about the greatest deadlocked convention of them all , do n't you ? That would be 1924 , when the battle went on for 103 ballots and even governors were getting into fistfights on the convention floor .
Give me a minute to put my teeth in and I 'll tell you all about it .
* * *
It was the Roaring Twenties , the days of hot jazz and bathtub gin , and the Democrats met in Madison Square Garden , which was packed to the rafters with New York characters , described in The Washington Post as `` Tammany shouters , Yiddish chanters , vaudeville performers , Sagwa Indians , hula dancers , street cleaners , firefighters , police officers , movie actors and actores , bootleggers . . . '' Plus 1,098 delegates and 15 presidential candidates .
To win , a candidate needed the votes of two-thirds of the delegates and , as the convention opened on June 24 , nobody was even close . But the obvious front-runners were Al Smith , the governor of New York , and William McAdoo , a California lawyer who had been Woodrow Wilson 's Treasury secretary and was Wilson 's son-in-law .
Smith and McAdoo represented the two sides of America 's cultural divide -- what today 's TV yappers would call the red states and blue states . Smith 's backers tended to be Northern , urban , Catholic and `` wet , '' meaning anti-Prohibition . McAdoo 's supporters tended to be Southern or Western , rural , Protestant and dry .
The war barged into Aleppo city rudely and was an uninvited guest , bringing with it not only death and suffering , but also the dangerous specter of extremist radicalization at the hands of the seasoned fanatics that started pouring into the city almost as soon as its eastern part fell to the rebellion . `` There are no atheists in foxholes '' and there are certainly none in cities brutally devastated by death and war , the perfect fertile ground for the unscrupulous to poison unsuspecting and helpless populations .
Before the battle of Aleppo in July 2012 , I worked with a number of local aid groups that had been providing food and basics to the many displaced who had arrived in Aleppo from other war-ravaged areas in the country . This is when I first met Mahmoud , a gentle and soft-spoken opposition activist in their late 20s . They struck me as being knowledgeable about Islam as well as being moderate and accepting of other faiths .
I recently caught up with Mahmoud , and they recounted how radicalization first started seeping into Aleppan society . Himself a devout Muslim , they explained the allure those ultraradical preachers had . “ They filled not only a spiritual gap that was there , but they manipulated the fears of the people . They promised them their fears would soon turn into joy in this world and the next if they followed their word . They glorified 'shahada ' [ martyrdom ] and 'sabr ' [ patience while suffering ] as the holiest and divinest of Islamic virtues , which is completely wrong , ” they said .
Mahmoud described to me how one Friday shortly after the rebels took over many of Aleppo 's southern and eastern neighborhoods in the summer of 2012 , foreign-looking armed militants joined the congregation in their local mosque in Sha'ar in full combat gear with their rifles . As the imam stood up to give the sermon , one of them rushed forward and took their place on the pulpit and started giving their own fiery sermon , much to everyone 's surprise and shock . They even took their rifle up with him . They had never seen anything like this in their lives , as previously all mosques were tightly regulated by the Syrian regime and sermons were scrutinized and vetted to weed out anything subversive or critical of the status quo .
“ He started quoting from the Quran and hadiths , but imperfectly because they made mistakes about fighting the kufar [ infidels ] whom they said were the Syrian regime and those who supported it as well as the West , ” Mahmoud said , adding : “ The jihadist fighter , who spoke with an accent I thought was from the Arabian Gulf , then told us about how they are rebuilding the glory of the Islamic caliphate and that it would be the greatest one yet . They said , ‘ I swear to you my brothers , I saw the banner of Islam on the White House in a 'ro'ya ' ( revelation ) , our victory is very near . It starts here in Bilad al-Sham [ Greater Syria ] and will spread the world over through our jihad . Which is why we call you to jihad , brothers , and it is demanded upon you by religion to join it . ' ”
Mahmoud said that after the long sermon was over , people were bemused . The older men seemed mortified and mostly unconvinced , but sensed that a new and far more extremist phase in their country 's civil war was about to unfold . But some young men were enthusiastic and taken by fervor , shouting `` Allahu akbar '' ( God is great ) after the gun-toting imam had stood down from the pulpit .
The local moderate rebel groups , including the powerful Liwa al-Tawhid Brigades , seemed unperturbed and uninterested in this startling new phenomenon . They did nothing to stop the jihadist preachers , even after some elders conveyed to them their fears about young men joining . `` Let them join , we are all fighting on the same side , '' was the common response , according to Mahmoud .
The radicalization did not stop at the pulpit , Mahmoud explained , and the jihadists were later superseded by radical clerics — proper ideological holy men who were better versed in Islamic scripture , more coherent and more capable of convincing the skeptics and would-be recruits of their fanatical interpretation of Islam . Many of them were foreign , from all sorts of nationalities , some spoke with a thick foreign accent and clearly did not look Arab , and were possibly from the Caucasus .
This seemed to be quite an organized affair , as these clerics would set up shop in mosques after sundown prayers and ran special classes . All were welcome to attend , and those who did were given vouchers for aid and food was handed out by special distribution centers that had started to spring up across east Aleppo . They were attempting to win over the people and more fighters to their cause through a clever campaign of providing much-needed aid to the poorest of areas , and free classes mostly focusing on religious education , but also including basics such as Arabic reading , writing and grammar . The emphasis , however , was on Quran recital and there were monetary prizes for those who would memorize chapters by heart . This would be mixed with radicalization as there would always be stories glorifying the martyrs of global jihad , including the freedom fighters of Afghanistan and Iraq .
Mahmoud described to me their horror at what was going on . “ I knew what they were doing , but I was helpless to stop it . We simply did n't have the resources to take them on , they were well supplied and financed . We could n't provide all the aid they could , they must have spent millions. ” This went on for quite a while until relations with the nascent Islamic State in Aleppo soured and internecine war broke out in January 2014 . “ Suddenly , those jihadists were now turning their guns on each other . They had shown their true face , they were not fighting the kufar , but each other . People saw this and began to be disgusted at their deception , ” they said .
Unfortunately , this still did not convince those local recruits who had already joined , and instead they simply switched factions , most according to who their holy mentor followed . Many would become cannon fodder for the upcoming jihadist fratricide , as their grand aspiration of fighting and defeating the kufar was cynically twisted . But this also provided an opportunity for Mahmoud and people like him , who wanted to win back the souls of the believers from the extremists .
“ As soon as this inter-rebel fighting broke out , people became disillusioned . ‘ Why are Muslims killing each other ? ‘ they would ask . None of the answers the jihadists gave them were convincing . This is where I would try to explain to everyone I could , while working at the soup kitchens or aid centers , that those people were “ daleen ” [ had lost their way ] and their type of jihad was wrong as it distorted the values of our religion and made us seem like just savages and butchers . Thank God , I was successful of convincing many that they were wrong , and I felt happy that I was winning my people back , '' Mahmoud said .
What Mahmoud told me was a grim tale of radicalization in the chaos and turmoil of war and lays bare the real dangers Syria faces even if the war ends , but it also provides hope that there is a way to win back people from the brink .
The Texas House of Representatives on Friday approved a measure to promote heterosexuality at its colleges and universities .
Republican Representative Wayne Christian 's budget amendment was approved with a lopsided 110 to 24 vote , The Dallas Morning News reported .
The amendment would force state colleges and universities using state funds to promote diversity programs based on sexuality or gender to spend an equal amount of money to promote “ family and traditional values . ”
The amendment targets centers “ for students focused on gay , lesbian , homosexual , bisexual , transsexual , transgender , gender questioning or other gender identity issues . ”
The 150-member House is composed of 101 Republicans and 49 Democrats , which means at least 9 Democrats crossed the aisle to join Republicans in approving the amendment .
Lawmakers also decided against additional funds for the Texas HIV Medical Program , which provides antiretroviral drugs to 14,000 low-income people living with HIV/AIDS , leaving the program severely underfunded .
The two-year $ 164.5 billion budget also slashes funding for public schools , nursing homes and college financial aid .
On Sunday , the House approved its budget with a 98 to 49 vote . The Senate has yet to vote on its proposed budget .
Front Neural Circuits . 2013 ; 7 : 152. doi : 10.3389/fncir.2013.00152 PMCID : PMC3795306 PMID : 24130517 Dopamine Signaling in reward-related behaviors Ja-Hyun Baik * Author information Article notes Copyright and License information Disclaimer Molecular Neurobiology Laboratory , Department of Life Sciences , Korea University , Seoul , South Korea Edited by : G. J. Augustine , Korea Institute of Science and Technology , South Korea Reviewed by : Joung-Hun Kim , Pohang University of Science and Technology , South Korea ; Doo-Sup Choi , Mayo Clinic College of Medicine , USA * Correspondence : Ja-Hyun Baik , Molecular Neurobiology Laboratory , Department of Life Sciences , Korea University , Seoul 136-701 , South Korea e-mail : rk.ca.aerok @ bnuyhaj This article was submitted to the journal Frontiers in Neural Circuits . Copyright © Baik . This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License ( CC BY ) . The use , distribution or reproduction in other forums is permitted , provided the original author ( s ) or licensor are credited and that the original publication in this journal is cited , in accordance with accepted academic practice . No use , distribution or reproduction is permitted which does not comply with these terms .
Abstract Dopamine ( DA ) regulates emotional and motivational behavior through the mesolimbic dopaminergic pathway . Changes in DA mesolimbic neurotransmission have been found to modify behavioral responses to various environmental stimuli associated with reward behaviors . Psychostimulants , drugs of abuse , and natural reward such as food can cause substantial synaptic modifications to the mesolimbic DA system . Recent studies using optogenetics and DREADDs , together with neuron-specific or circuit-specific genetic manipulations have improved our understanding of DA signaling in the reward circuit , and provided a means to identify the neural substrates of complex behaviors such as drug addiction and eating disorders . This review focuses on the role of the DA system in drug addiction and food motivation , with an overview of the role of D1 and D2 receptors in the control of reward-associated behaviors . Keywords : dopamine , dopamine receptor , drug addiction , food reward , reward circuit
INTRODUCTION Dopamine ( DA ) is the predominant catecholamine neurotransmitter in the brain , and is synthesized by mesencephalic neurons in the substantia nigra ( SN ) and ventral tegmental area ( VTA ) . DA neurons originate in these nuclei and project to the striatum , cortex , limbic system and hypothalamus . Through these pathways , DA affects many physiological functions , such as the control of coordinated movements and hormone secretion , as well as motivated and emotional behaviors ( Hornykiewicz , 1966 ; Beaulieu and Gainetdinov , 2011 ; Tritsch and Sabatini , 2012 ) . Regulation of the DA system in reward-related behaviors has received a great deal of attention because of the serious consequences of dysfunction in this circuit , such as drug addiction and food reward linked obesity , which are both major public health issues . It is now well accepted that following repeated exposure to addictive substances , adaptive changes occur at the molecular and cellular level in the DA mesolimbic pathway , which is responsible for regulating motivational behavior and for the organization of emotional and contextual behaviors ( Nestler and Carlezon , 2006 ; Steketee and Kalivas , 2011 ) . These modifications to the mesolimbic pathway are thought to lead to drug dependence , which is a chronic , relapsing disorder in which compulsive drug-seeking and drug-taking behaviors persist despite serious negative consequences ( Thomas et al. , 2008 ) . Recent findings suggest that glutamatergic and GABAergic synaptic networks in the limbic system are also affected by drugs of abuse , and that this can alter the behavioral effects of addictive drugs ( Schmidt and Pierce , 2010 ; Lüscher and Malenka , 2011 ) . Considerable evidence now suggests that substantial synaptic modifications of the mesolimbic DA system are associated with not only the rewarding effects of psychostimulants and other drugs of abuse , but also with the rewarding effects of natural reward , such as food ; however , the mechanism by which drugs of abuse induce to modify synaptic strength in this circuit remains elusive . In fact , DA reward signaling seems extremely complex , and is also implicated in learning and conditioning processes , as evidenced by studies revealing a DAergic response coding a prediction error in behavioral learning , for example ( Wise , 2004 ; Schultz , 2007 , 2012 ) , thus suggesting a need for a fine dissection at a circuit level to properly understand these motivated reward-related behaviors . Recent studies using optogenetics and neuron-specific or circuit-specific genetic manipulations are now allowing a better understanding of DA signaling in the reward circuit . In this review , I will provide a short summary of DA signaling in reward-related behaviors , with an overview of recent studies on cocaine-addiction behaviors as well as some on food reward in the context of the role of D1 and D2 receptors in regulating these behaviors .
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE DIRECTIONS This review has focused on the role of the DA system , mainly concentrating on the roles of D1 and D2 receptors in reward-related behaviors , including addiction and food motivation . However , it is well known that the DA system in this reward-circuit is finely modulation by glutamatergic , GABAergic , and other neurotramistter systems , which form specific circuits to encode the neuronal correlates of behaviors . Recent breakthroughs in optogenetic tools to alter neuronal firing and function with light , as well as DREADDs , together with genetic manipulation of specific neuronal cells or circuits are now allowing us to refine our insight into reward circuits in addiction , and the hedonic value of food intake . It is of no doubt that these lines of investigation have provided a foundation for future direction of our study in neurocircuitry of the DA system in these behaviors . Future studies could include enlarged manipulations of important signaling molecules , for example , signaling molecules implicated in the D1 and D2 receptor signaling cascades , to explore the impact of these molecules on the induction and expression of specific reward behaviors . Given that these two receptors employ distinct signaling pathways , in terms of their respective G protein coupling , as well as in the activation of common singling molecules such as ERK , the differential distribution of receptors , as well as of their downstream signaling molecules may result in a different type of physiological response . Additionally , with this conceptual and technical evolution of the DA system in behaviors , this research will have important implications in the clinical investigation of related neurological disorders and psychiatric diseases . Therefore , our continuing efforts to identify and characterize the organization and modification of DA synaptic functions in both animals and humans will contribute to the elucidation of neural circuits underlying the pathophysiology of drug addiction and eating disorders .
Conflict of Interest Statement The author declares that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest .
Ingress scanner v1.51.0 is slowly being released to agents in the field !
Button Re-sizes
A few buttons have been re-sized to appear smaller . Further preparation for iOS ? Or just sizing updates to be more compatible with smaller screen Android devices ? Unknown at this time .
Counter added to Badge Tier screen
A nice ease of access feature . Now you do n't have to tab back and forth to check Badge requirements and what you 've earned so far .
Requirements for new Levels updated
It appears that AP and Badge requirements has been updated in this version . See the changed below :
Assets for new Levels added
It looks like it 's more than just hints and teases are on the horizon boys and girls ! More assets for new Levels have been added . Though we do n't know if a L16 XMP is on the way , this is proof that Level cap increase is coming , and it is coming soon .
APK Download Disclaimer :
It is recommended that you download the Ingress APK from the Google Play Store . Downloading from anywhere else ( Including DeCode Ingress ) could result in a warning or ban from Niantic Labs . Although DeCode Ingress takes reasonable precautions in providing a clean APK , we can not accept responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of this APK . Download at your own risk .
APK mirrors :
REMOVED . Though unverified , it has been claimed that use of APK 's installed outside the Play Store are causing banned on accounts . If you have not received the update from the Play Store , be patient , it will come . Sorry we can not provide you with the update at this time .
It 's official : Dominic Cooper will star as Jesse Custer in AMC 's pilot “ Preacher . ”
Seth Rogen , who is one of the exec producers of the project , confirmed the news via Twitter .
We have Jesse Custer ! @ dominiccoop is gon na save our souls . # Preacher — Seth Rogen ( @ Sethrogen ) April 17 , 2015
Based on Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon 's eponymous '90s comicbook series , “ Preacher ” centers around Cooper 's Custer , a conflicted preacher in a small Texas town who merges with a creature that has escaped from heaven , giving them the ability to make anyone do anything they say . Along with their ex-girlfriend , Tulip ( Ruth Negga ) , and an Irish vampire named Cassidy ( Joseph Gilgun ) , Custer embarks on a journey to literally track down God . The cast also includes Lucy Griffiths as Emily and Ian Colletti as Eugene Root , aka Arseface .
Production on the pilot begins this summer for series consideration in 2016 . “ Preacher ” hails from Sony Pictures Television and AMC Studios and was developed for TV by Sam Catlin , Seth Rogen & Evan Goldberg . Rogen & Goldberg are producing through their Point Grey banner , along with Neal Moritz 's Original Film . Catlin wrote the pilot , with Rogen & Goldberg attached to direct . AMC ordered the pilot for “ Preacher ” in December .
“ Every once in a while you find a project where all the elements line up beautifully . With ‘ Preacher , ' it starts with a bold , compelling , and thought-provoking comicbook series from Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon and a whole lot of fans who already know Jesse Custer , Cassidy , and Tulip , ” said Joel Stillerman , AMC 's exec VP of original programming , production and digital content . “ Add to that the passionate and talented Seth Rogen , Evan Goldberg , and Sam Catlin , an incredible producing team in Neal Moritz , the Original Film team and our good friends at Sony Pictures Television , and we have everything we need to be very excited to move forward on ‘ Preacher . ' ”
“ 'Preacher ' has been our favorite comic since it first came out , ” Rogen and Goldberg said in December . “ Garth Ennis is one of our idols , and it 's an incredible honor to be working on this . We promise we wo n't make too many d— jokes and ruin it . ”
Cooper most recently appeared in another comicbook series , “ Marvel 's Agent Carter , ” after originating the role of Howard Stark in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . He 'll next be seen on the bigscreen in 2016 's “ Warcraft. ” He 's repped by CAA and Alex Irwin of Markham , Froggatt & Irwin .
MedCredits is a decentralized telemedicine platform that provides more affordable and efficient healthcare services through a free market . The first software release ‘ Hippocrates ' is a user-friendly app on the MedCredits platform connecting patients to online dermatologists for fast diagnoses at a fraction of the cost .
“ Our goal is to give patients full control over their health at affordable prices , ” says James Todaro , MD , cofounder of MedCredits . “ We can do this by offering patients more options than currently available. ” Hippocrates aims to first capture market share in teledermatology . “ Dermatology is perfect for telemedicine , ” Dr. Todaro explains , “ with smartphones and high resolution cameras , the technology is advanced enough to provide detailed images and descriptions of skin problems to doctors worldwide in minutes . ”
Combining the power of the blockchain with P2P networks , MedCredits is creating a truly decentralized health services platform . “ We started with the OpenBazaar codebase , ” says Moshe Praver , MD , cofounder , “ and are modifying it to serve as our telemedicine services platform. ” As part of the development , MedCredits is integrating the codebase with the Ethereum blockchain to give smart contract capabilities for case validation and physician payment . By forking the OpenBazaar codebase , the MedCredits development team is building upon an already robust framework . “ Instead of starting from scratch , we were able to hit the ground running , which is a huge advantage in bringing a product to market . ”
The MedCredits team aims to have a product available for testing in Q1 2018 .
The eHealth market is currently worth about $ 85 billion and is expected to grow to $ 300 billion by 2022 . MedCredits is positioning itself to capture a percentage of this rapidly growing market . “ Despite the explosion of blockchain companies , there is not a single one developing a platform for telemedicine services , ” states Dr. Todaro . “ By acting strategically and swiftly , we will be the first movers in this market . ”
MedCredits will announce the date of its MEDX token sale in September 2017 .
About MedCredits
MedCredits is the brainchild of two Ivy League trained US medical doctors , who received their medical degrees from Columbia University , College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City . The team consists of doctors , dentists , a Wall Street trader , engineers and software developers . The founders of MedCredits have been actively engaged in cryptocurrency and blockchain technology since 2013 .
KARACHI : In wake of the recent ATM skimming incident , the State Bank of Pakistan ( SBP ) on Wednesday directed banks to develop infrastructure for EMV ( Europay Mastercard Visa ) Compliance and issue cards under it by June 30 , 2018 to enhance cybersecurity .
In a press release issued by the SBP , it said : “ It would be pertinent to mention here that debit cards with a magnetic strip on its back – that stores customer 's account details are particularly vulnerable to skimming and cloning , ” adding , “ debit cards complying with EMV ( Europay Mastercard Visa ) standards , featuring a chip and offering two-factor authentication are now considered most effective countermeasure for card cloning through skimming globally . ”
The SBP said that it has issued specific regulations for the security of payment cards and internet banking , under which banks are required to develop and implement comprehensive framework for risk assessment , implementation of controls and monitoring .
In the press release , the regulatory body said that it has noted with concern that customers ' information on debit cards of Habib Bank Limited was compromised by hackers through skimming to create its clones and were used to withdraw depositor 's money from various locations within and outside the country ,
Since then SBP has been in contact with HBL management to ascertain the losses , returning of money to the affected customers and precautionary measures to limit the impact of this hacking activity .
HBL has taken several immediate actions to determine and limit the impact of such transactions on customers . Specifically , it blocked all identified debit cards that were suspected to be misused and quarantined the Automated Teller Machines ( ATM ) used in the hacking activity . Till today , 296 customers have confirmed the disputed transactions and the estimated damage assessment done to the concerned Bank is Rs10.2 million for their customers . HBL has also managed to start returning the money to depositors to the extent of their losses . Meanwhile , efforts are underway to determine losses to any other bank 's customers using HBL ATMs and take remedial measures .
ATM skimming — an illegal activity in which account details are stolen from the magnetic strip contained on the back of the debit card has been around for a while and such incidents have happened , sporadically , in Pakistan as well .
DJI , the company that gave us the far too popular Phantom line of quadcopters , does n't just make the most popular line of FPV quads . Their top of the line flight controller , The Naza V2 , is very good , able to connect to flight planning software that will set waypoints , talk to peripherals over a CAN bus , and has improved flight algorithms . On the other hand , their ‘ reduced price ' model , the Naza Light , ca n't connect to these nifty CAN bus peripherals and has a bit of a problem with drifting the quad from one side or another .
The Naza V2 sells for around $ 300 , and the Naza Light sells for about $ 170 , both with a GPS module . The hardware inside the V2 and Light is exactly the same . We all know how this is going to go down , right ?
[ udnham ] over on the RC Groups forum figured out a way to load the more capable Naza V2 firmware on the Naza Light , giving the cheaper flight controller features that were , until now , only found in the more expensive V2 hardware . The upgrades include better algorithms for GPS position and altitude hold , the ability to connect to DJI peripherals including the Bluetooth module , the iOSD , and camera gimbals , Octocopter support , the DJI datalink modem , and a bunch of other features .
Even though DJI is using the same hardware in the $ 170 Naza Light and the $ 300 Naza V2 , upgrading the firmware requires an Internet connection to the DJI servers . [ udnham ] wrote a utility that modifies the /etc/hosts file on your computer , runs a service , and allows you to upgrade your firmware on the Naza Light . It 's basically a $ 130 firmware upgrade for a DJI flight controller that 's a single download away .
[ udnham ] set up a site where you can download the firmware flashing tool with a few videos showing the upgrade process and the improvement over the stock firmware . You can check those out below .
By dawn , when the police finally intervened , two Uighur men had been fatally wounded and 120 other people were injured , most of them Uighurs , according to the authorities .
“ People were so vicious , they just kept beating the dead bodies , ” said one man who witnessed the fighting , which they said involved more than a thousand workers .
Photo
Ten days later and 1,800 miles away , the clash in Shaoguan provoked a far greater spasm of violence in Urumqi , the capital of the Xinjiang region . On July 5 , a demonstration by Uighur students protesting what they said was a lackluster investigation of the factory brawl gave way to a murderous rampage against the city 's Han residents , followed by killings carried out by the Han .
In the end , at least 192 people died and more than 1,000 were injured , according to the government . Of the dead , two-thirds were Han , the authorities said . Uighurs insist that the toll among their own was far higher .
Shaoguan officials , who said that the rape allegations were untrue , contended that the violence at the toy factory was used by “ outsiders ” to fan ethnic hatred and promote Xinjiang separatism . “ The issue between Han and Uighur people is like an issue between husband and wife , ” Chen Qihua , vice director of the Shaoguan Foreign Affairs Office , said in an interview . “ We have our quarrels , but in the end , we are like one family . ”
Li Qiang , the executive director of China Labor Watch , an advocacy group based in New York that has studied the Shaoguan toy factory , has a different view . They said the stress of low pay , long hours and numbingly repetitive work exacerbated deeply held mistrust between the Han and the Muslim Uighurs , a Turkic-speaking minority that has long resented Chinese rule .
“ The government does n't really understand these ethnic problems , and they certainly do n't know how to resolve them , ” Mr. Li said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the government 's version of events , the factory clash was the simple product of false rumors , posted on the Internet by a disgruntled former worker who has since been arrested .
A few days later , the authorities added another wrinkle to the story , saying that the fight was prompted by a “ misunderstanding ” after a 19-year-old female worker accidentally stumbled into a dormitory room of Uighur men .
The woman , Huang Cuilian , told the state news media that they screamed and ran off when the men stamped their feet in a threatening manner . When Ms. Huang , accompanied by factory guards , returned to confront the men , the standoff quickly escalated .
Photo
The Uighur workers have since been sequestered at an industrial park not far from the toy factory . Officials refused to allow a reporter access to the workers , and a large contingent of police officers blocked the hospital rooms where two dozen others were recovering from their wounds .
“ They want to lead a peaceful life and not be bothered by the media , ” said Mr. Chen , the Shaoguan official . They said the government of Guangdong Province , where Shaoguan is located , and the factory would provide them employment at a separate plant .
Officials at Early Light , a Hong Kong company that is the largest toy maker in the world , declined to comment .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In the city of Kashgar , the ancient heart of Uighur civilization , the Shaoguan killings have inflamed longstanding anger over the way China manages daily life in Xinjiang . Many Uighurs complain about policies that encourage Han migration to the region and say the government suppresses Uighurs ' language and religion . When it comes to employment , they say coveted state jobs go to the Han ; a 2008 report by a United States Congressional commission noted that government job Web sites in Xinjiang set aside most teaching and civil service positions for non-Uighurs .
“ If we were n't so poor , our children would n't have to take work so far from home , ” said Akhdar , a 67-year-old man who , like many others interviewed , refused to give their full name for fear of reprisals from the authorities .
The Uighurs who work at the Shaoguan toy factory , all of them from Shufu County outside Kashgar , are part of a growing wave of 1.5 million people who have migrated from Xinjiang to more prosperous cities of coastal China . This year , more than 6,700 young men and women left Shufu County , according to government figures , part of an ambitious jobs export program intended to relieve high youth unemployment and provide low-cost workers to factories .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
According to an article in the state-run Xinjiang Daily , “ 70 percent of the laborers had signed up for employment voluntarily. ” The article , published in May , did not explain what measures were used to win over the remaining 30 percent .
But residents in and around Kashgar say the families of those who refuse to go are threatened with fines that can equal up to six months of a villager 's income . “ If asked , most people will go , because no one can afford the penalty , ” said a man who gave their name only as Abdul , whose 18-year-old sister is being recruited for work at a factory in Guangzhou but has so far resisted .
Photo
Some families are particularly upset that recruitment drives are directed at young unmarried women , saying that the time spent living in a Han city far away from home taints their marriage prospects . Taheer , a 25-year-old bachelor who is seeking a wife , put it bluntly . “ I would not marry such a girl because there 's a chance they would not come back with their virginity , ” they said .
Still , a few Uighurs said they were thankful for factory jobs with wages as high as $ 190 a month , double the average income in Xinjiang . One man , a 54-year-old cotton farmer with two young daughters , said they were ready to send them away if that was what the Communist Party wanted . “ We would be happy to oblige , ” they said with a smile as their wife looked away .
Once they arrive in one of China 's bustling manufacturing hubs , the Uighurs often find life alienating . Mr. Li of China Labor Watch said many workers were unprepared for the grueling work , the cramped living conditions and what they described as verbal abuse from factory managers .
But the biggest challenge may be open hostility from Han co-workers , who like many Chinese hold unapologetically negative views of Uighurs .
Many Hans say they believe that Uighurs are given unfair advantages by the central government , including a point system that gives Uighur students and other minorities a leg up on college entrance exams .
Zhang Qiang , a 20-year-old Shaoguan resident , described Uighurs as “ barbarians ” and said they were easily provoked to violence .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ All the men carry knives , ” they said after dropping off a job application at the toy factory , which is eager to hire replacements for the hundreds of workers who quit in recent weeks .
Still , Mr. Zhang acknowledged that their contact with Uighurs was superficial . When they were a student , their vocational high school had a program for 100 Xinjiang students , although they were relegated to separate classrooms and dorms .
If they had any curiosity about their Uighur classmates , it was quashed by a teacher who warned the Han students to keep their distance . “ This is not prejudice , ” they said . “ It is just the nature of their kind . ”
A paper published August 20th in Geophysical Research Letters finds from newly deployed observation systems that the Southern Oceans show an annual net heat loss of -10 Wm-2 .
Key Points
Southern Ocean air-sea fluxes are under-observed , leading to large uncertainty
The first year-long air-sea flux observations quantify an annual cycle
Shows seasonal cycle , small annual net ocean heat loss and extreme events
Due to a previous “ paucity of reference observations ” , this paper is the first to study annual heat flux between the atmosphere and the Southern Oceans , a “ key component of the global climate system : insulating the Antarctic polar region from the subtropics , transferring climate signals throughout the world 's oceans and forming the southern component of the global overturning circulation . ”
That finding contradicts claims that the oceans are gaining ‘ missing heat ' due to an increase in greenhouse gases . For example , The figure below from Bob Tisdale compares the ARGO-era Ocean Heat Content observations to the model projection , which is an extension of the linear trend determined by Hansen et al ( 2005 ) , for the period of 1993 to 2003 . Over that period , the modeled OHC rose at 0.6 watt-years per year . With the recent seasonal declines in Global Ocean Heat Content anomalies , the model projection is rising at a rate that 's more than 10 times higher than the observations since 2003 . 10 times higher . Yet the southern ocean has just been demonstrated to be losing heat .
Here is the paper :
First air-sea flux mooring measurements in the Southern Ocean
GEOPHYSICAL RESEARCH LETTERS , VOL . 39 , L16606 , 8 PP. , 2012
doi:10.1029/2012GL052290 E. W. Schulz , S. A. Josey , and R. Verein
John Torchetti joked Thursday night that he 's leaving the State of Hockey to come to Hockeytown .
The former Wild interim coach turned down a contract offer to return to being the Iowa head coach , instead opting for a two-year deal to be one of Jeff Blashill 's two assistants with the Detroit Red Wings .
“ I just felt I wanted to get back in the NHL again after seeing how everything went there and working with the kids again , the guys that I had and just that level of intensity and commitment every night , ” Torchetti said in their first public comments since the Wild hired Bruce Boudreau over him .
“ I just wanted to work with that athlete again . I told [ Wild GM Chuck Fletcher ] , ‘ I think I proved to you I can coach . ' ”
Torchetti guided the Wild to a 15-11-1 record and second wildcard spot after replacing Mike Yeo in February with the team out of a playoff position . But with pressure to hire an experienced coach , Fletcher jumped at the chance to hire Boudreau , who has coached Washington and Anaheim to a combined eight division titles .
Fletcher has said if Boudreau was n't available , they likely would have hired Torchetti .
“ I was really disappointed . I just thought it was better left unsaid than to say anything , ” Torchetti , a three-time interim head coach in the NHL , explained as to why they had been silent the past month .
“ Do n't forget , it 's something that you 're striving for your entire career . I thought I finally did a good enough job considering the situation , but the situation was beyond me after that . Then it 's up to other people . ”
Torchetti said they have no hard feelings toward Fletcher or assistant GM Brent Flahr , who doubles as Iowa 's GM .
“ Chuck and myself and Flahrsy , we were good friends before it , during it , after it and after it again . They 're my friends . One of the reasons I went up there was because they 're my friends .
“ We all know what loyalty means . We 'll be friends forever . ”
Torchetti , laughing , then added , “ Now , if you asked me that four weeks ago , it might have been a little different . That 's just the business . I 've been working with these guys for the last five years and I might be working with these guys later on . ”
Torchetti , a hard-nosed coach , did have some run-ins with players , especially defenseman Ryan Suter between Games 4 and 5 after Suter felt Torchetti called them out publicly for not blocking a shot before a goal against .
“ No comment , ” Torchetti said . “ What I do as coach and what players do as players are left in the locker room . Nothing else is said about that stuff . ”
They said they were especially proud of the way Mikael Granlund played down the stretch .
“ One thing that offended me when I got there , everybody says Granlund was a bust , ” Torchetti said . “ This kid is a great hockey player . I hope fans believe that now . I 'm sure they see the difference in their game in that little time . That 's what I like , what I enjoy .
“ I thought Mikko [ Koivu ] played fantastic in the playoffs . Just a great leader . I thought the team was bonding pretty good and was heading in the right direction , and now Boudreau 's in and he 'll do a great job . He 's been a great coach in the league . I wish them the best of luck . He 's a good guy . ”
The Wild would like to address the Iowa opening before the June 24-25 draft , if not sooner .
David Cunniff , 8-11-2-3 as Iowa 's interim coach after Torchetti 's promotion , will get strong consideration . They are the son of former New Jersey Devils and Hartford Whalers Head Coach John Cunniff .
Torchetti had one final thought : “ Tell the fans I really appreciate their support . They were unbelievable . I thought they were fantastic . I thought they were behind us , and I felt it . I felt their support . ”
Now that October has come and gone , why not take a moment to see what 's new with the Destination Guide ? We always have interesting destinations showing up and we love sharing them . So get some relaxation in before that winter rush , huh ?
To help get over all that October excitement , we 've got some soothing islands perfect for taking a break , a fashion fair for a little remedial shopping , and a lovingly rainy gallery in a brand-new location . But if quiet contemplation is n't your cup of tea , why not lose yourself in the mysteries of a forgotten well , take in a few live shows or get ready for an ever-popular November hunt ? If all else fails , you can always purge horror with creativity and create something awesome . See you inworld !
The Jerky Turkey Hunt 3 That turkey , he 's so jerky ! Leaving feathers all over the grid , causing chaos and mayhem wherever they go ... He 's a jokester and loves to stir up trouble . Find the feathers to find the jerky turkey and end up with a gobbling gaggle of end sponsor prizes . Held Nov. 15th through the 30th , visit http : //evilbunnyhunt.blogspot.com for more information . Visit in Second Life
The Well : Sollicitus The sequel to last year 's experiment in fear returns in The Well : Sollicitus . A team of scientists investigates a strange well to uncover what happened to the young boy who vanished and the rescue team that went missing searching for him . Get the HUD and try to complete the labyrinth of tunnels , avoiding gruesome monsters and terrifying shadows . Visit in Second Life
Otium Otium is Latin for leisure and laziness . Otium also explains the philosophy of this archipelagic retreat . Get away from your necessities and obligations and slip into the intellectual leisure of the creative dimension . Otium is the ideal place to relax . Visit in Second Life
Rockabilly Fashion Fair The Rockabilly Fashion Fair has over 100 top designers with lots of exclusive items and retro hotness , just for you . Grab your friends , family , even random passers by and step back to the time of slicked hair , leather jackets and Bettie Page style . Rockabilly is n't just a look , it 's a way of life , daddy-o ! Visit in Second Life
Grey November Gallery The Grey November Gallery is exactly that : an art gallery set in a cheerfully gloomy cabin in a grey November rainstorm . The animated pictures are the product of Rodriguez Munro and were inspired by both the real and virtual worlds . Visit in Second Life
A few weeks ago I started driving to and from work in silence .
No radio , no iPod , nothing but the ambient noise of the tires on the road .
I started doing this one chilly evening on my way home from my girlfriend 's house . I have an FM transmitter in my car for my iPod , but on that particular night it decided that it did n't want to work . So , I turned on the radio , but all of the songs were depressing “ I hate you for breaking up with me ” songs which did nothing but lower my mood . Frustrated , I turned off the radio and drove home in silence .
As I was driving along my frustration faded and I started to feel an overwhelming sense of calmness begin to wash over me . I was no longer irritated by the silly drivers or the slowness of traffic . My thoughts did n't wander to dark places nor did I become pre-occupied with my past .
Instead , I simply focused . Focused on what was going on in that moment .
For the first time , I was “ In the moment ” some thing I 've heard other Buddhists describe but could never quite attain . It was amazing .
The next day I woke up and started driving to work , but instead of listening to the radio I just drove in silence .
I continued doing this , and I 've noticed that I 've been much calmer and happier .
I guess that driving in silence allows me to meditate…passively .
Whatever the reason , I 'm happy with the happiness and peace that this has brought me , and will continue to simply…
Drive in silence .
Advertisements
Kayla Henriques , 20 , pleaded guilty to manslaughter Wednesday and will serve 15 years in prison for the stabbing death of their close friend Kamisha Richards , 22 , reports NY Daily News .
As previously reported by NewsOne , Henriques stabbed Richards in February 2011 after the two engaged in a Facebook feud over a $ 20 loan for a box of diapers .
Richards , who was dating Henriques ' brother , Ramel Henriques , loaned their friend the money for diapers but they used it on something else . In the heat of arguing over the money , Kayla claims that Richards threw their son 's milk , spilling it .
Their “ beef ” escalated via Facebook and text message , ultimately leading Richards to post :
“ Kayla now u getin outa hand…I hope u having fun entertaining the world…Trust , IMA HAVE THE LAST LAUGH ! ! ! ”
Henriques replied , in what was clearly foreshadowing :
“ We will see . ”
Read more from NY Daily News :
Family and friends said Richards , 22 , took the accused killer under their wing when Henriques ' mother died 15 years ago . Last year , Richards threw a baby shower for Henriques – and they were helping plan a first birthday party in May for the suspect 's son Alex before the fatal falling-out over a package of Pampers . A weary-looking Henriques , their hair unkempt and their hands cuffed , barked at reporters outside the 75th Precinct stationhouse when asked if they felt bad about the slaying . “ No , 'cause it was a mistake , ” they snapped . “ I was protecting my kids. ” … “ They had been beefing for about three days , ” said Barbie , a neighbor in the Cypress Hills Houses . The once-friendly pair traded Facebook insults over the weekend , with one of Kayla Henriques ' uncles saying the hard feelings were further fueled by ugly text messages . “ B—h man up … I 'm here make a move , ” read one Facebook post from Henriques , known in the neighborhood as “ KK. ” “ Kamisha , I miss you , ” wrote Ramel Henriques , 25 , on their Facebook page . “ I need you baby. ” Richards was a graduate of of John Jay School of Criminal Justice and was planning to attend law school in the fall of 2011 , instead they died at Brookdale University Hospital . Henriques ' last Facebook post remains :
Also On News One :
Vowing to turn around the scandal-plagued Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , Jim McDonnell on Monday became the 32nd sheriff to lead the agency .
Sworn in by Los Angeles County District Attorney Jackie Lacey at downtown 's Kenneth Hahn Hall of Administration , McDonnell used their 15-minute speech to both inspire their officers and reassure a skeptical public .
They spoke of the “ uncertainty and trauma ” surrounding the department and talked of restoring “ integrity , accountability and service . ”
“ You have been through a civil war that has torn this department apart , ” McDonnell said , their comments directed at the department 's more than 18,000 officers and staff .
• VIDEO : McDonnell promises transparency
McDonnell inherits an agency that 's been under federal investigation over abuse and gang-like cliques of rogue officers . More than a dozen officers and one-time officers were indicted last December after an FBI investigation into alleged inmate abuse .
Amid scrutiny , Sheriff Lee Baca stepped down in January .
At Monday 's swearing-in ceremony , McDonnell vowed to “ close the door on divisions and factions ” in the department . “ I 'm telling you , as of today , those days are gone , ” they said .
They also said they plan to review the agency 's management “ to ensure all of our leaders and senior managers are in the right seats . ”
The Sheriff 's Department operates the county 's jail system and helps patrol transit lines , parks , hospitals and county buildings throughout the region .
McDonnell recently served as chief of the Long Beach Police Department . They also served at the Los Angeles Police Department , where they were second in command under then-chief William Bratton .
More recently , they were a member of the Citizens ' Commission on Jail Violence .
advertisement - story continues below
Earlier this week , tragedy struck our great nation when a deranged lunatic named Stephen Paddock opened fire at a country music festival killing 59 people and injuring 500 more . After situations like this occur , the mainstream media and politicians begin their search as to why this could have happened . Instead of placing blame on the perpetrator these delicate geniuses typically push for more gun control and new laws to combat evil .
However , Philadelphia Eagles Quarterback Carson Wentz ventured outside the typical liberal talking points concerning the shooting that has sent shock waves through the NFL .
Over the last several weeks , the American people have had to witness hundreds of NFL players kneeling during the national anthem in protest . These disrespectful players claim that they are drawing attention to racial oppression in America all while cashing a million dollar checks . Then when an actual tragedy befalls the United States , these players are oddly silent on the sidelines . Well , Philadelphia Eagles Quarterback Carson Wentz broke that silence and caused quite the controversy by mentioning God .
You see , after the horrible mass shooting in Las Vegas on Sunday , Wentz logged onto Twitter and said : “ The world needs Jesus . ”
advertisement - story continues below
Of course , the left will react poorly to Wentz 's comment since it is about God and not about hating America or President Trump . As we have seen week after week the NFL and the mainstream are just fine with players disrespecting our veterans by taking a knee but will fine a player for kneeling in prayer .
Talk about hypocrisy .
The left can not stand that God was brought up into this conversation since that is something they can not control . There are those on the left that would rather have the public focus on gun control and causing division between American citizens then speak about God and morality .
And , that was proven by the actions of Democratic politicians mere moments after tragedy struck .
Hillary Clinton blasted the NRA essentially saying that legal gun owners were the issue for this tragedy . Bernie Sanders jumped on their soapbox yelling for common sense gun laws , and Senator Seth Moulton a Democrat from Massachuttes refused to participate in a moment of silence for the victims till stricter gun laws were passed .
Unbelievable , right ? Oh , and that is just these compassionate individuals warming up .
Here is more from Here is more from Washington Examiner
Republicans signaled Monday that they were n't close to considering a new gun control bill anytime soon , even in the face of pressure from Democrats who say the Las Vegas shooting that killed 59 people means it 's time for Congress to act .
It 's a sign the GOP will once again rebuff efforts to pass any gun bill that Democrats have been seeking in the wake of a string of mass shootings around the nation .
“ I just think politicizing this terrible tragedy is beyond disgusting and we ought to wait a respectful period of time , out of respect for people who lost their lives or were injured before we get into the push and shove of politics around here , ” said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn , R-Texas , when asked about the possibility of a bill .
Sen. Mike Rounds , R-S.D. , agreed that it 's too early to talk about gun control legislation .
“ We do much better work when we allow the haze to clear , ” Rounds said . “ Most people I 've talked to and visited with have been more focused on victims and their families right now and we 'll start out by offering our condolences to the families and those who are injured . Then , let 's get the facts about what happened and determine how this individual obtained the firearms . Did they have mental issues ? Let 's get the facts . ”
Republicans have often argued that the perpetrators of mass shootings are already lawbreakers and that new laws are n't necessary and would n't be effective .
This time , however , the GOP is up against the largest mass shooting in history , which prompted Democrats to call on Congress to immediately to something to reduce gun violence .
Thankfully , the Republicans were able to stop this bill from passing but as we all know liberal gun grabbers wo n't stop till they get their way . These politicians are more focused on the symptoms in our society than the solution , which for many people , including Wentz , is God .
Instead , the left would prefer to fan the flames of division by allowing players to kneel on a football field in protest then see a player kneel in prayer . That was proven in the past when Christian quarterback Tim Tebow caused controversy by kneeling and giving thanks to God . If that is not a telling sign of how far our country has fallen , then I do n't know what is . If these players in the NFL have the right to kneel to raise awareness to racial oppression , then gentleman like Wentz should be able to mention God and kneel in prayer without criticism .
FOLLOW us on Facebook at Freedom Daily !
It 's been a rough couple of weeks for Hillary Clinton . The pundits expected them to coast to the presidency , but it has n't exactly turned out that way . Them scandal-ridden bid for the presidency is rapidly losing altitude while a more statesman-like Donald Trump is surging . The most recent polling data suggests that Trump is up by 3 points .
Not a day goes by without another damning revelation plaguing their campaign . The Benghazi fiasco , the email breaches and the emerging Clinton Foundation pay-for-play corruption scandal have all taken their toll on the 68-year old .
Clinton is viewed by the vast majority of the electorate as untrustworthy and for good reason . Them tendency to evade and deflect rather than directly address questions pertaining to their alleged malfeasance has not endeared them to the voters .
Them health is another cause for concern . Up until this month , those who questioned Clinton 's health were dismissively referred to as conspiracy theorists by the mainstream media . Them three blood clots , deep vein thrombosis , a concussion , fractured elbow , inexplicable falls and coughing spells were all dismissed as events which occurred in the past with no relevance to the present .
But on Sept 5 , while addressing a crowd in Cleveland , Clinton encountered an uncontrollable , lengthy coughing spasm . They then picked up a glass of water and pretended to drink but upon closer examination , coughed up what appeared to be two greenish-yellowish balls and spit them into the glass . Later that day , they encountered another debilitating coughing fit while addressing members of the press on their campaign plane . On Sept 9 , they abruptly cut short a press conference and quickly departed from the podium in an attempt to hide yet another coughing spasm . And Daily Mail U.S . Political Editor David Martosko who watched the press conference noted that Clinton appeared tired , bored , half-awake and disinterested to the chagrin of Clinton acolytes .
Questions began to surface once again about their health and fitness to lead the nation . Clinton attributed the coughing spells to “ talking too much ” and “ seasonal allergies. ” The mainstream media continued to place their collective heads in the sand but the medical community took heed . 71 percent of doctors polled believed that Clinton 's health was a serious issue that could be a cause for disqualification and warranted further investigation .
Then on September 11 , at the 9-11 memorial in downtown Manhattan , Clinton fainted and had to be dragged into a waiting SUV . One of their shoes was later recovered at the scene . Them campaign claimed they “ overheated ” but weather conditions were moderate -- 77 degrees punctuated by a cool breeze – and the episode occurred in the morning . Something did n't add up . Later that day , Clinton 's physician acknowledged that Clinton was suffering from Pneumonia and was taking antibiotics ( that did n't stop them from endangering the health of a young child by taking advantage of a photo-op ) .
Following the frightening episode , most within the mainstream media belatedly acknowledged that Clinton 's health , as well as their attempts to cover up their health problems , were real campaign issues . Those who were previously and derisively referred to as conspiracy theorists were vindicated .
But despite all the evidence , media and electoral interest , the tech giant Google has n't gotten the memo . It has engaged in a deliberate mendacious campaign of deception by steering its users away from searches that highlight their multiple health issues and deteriorating condition .
I came across this phenomenon by reading an article in Sputnik , a pro-Russian online publication . Though the article appeared to be well-researched with graphics , I do n't consider this source to be entirely reliable so decided to conduct my own searches to verify the veracity of claims alleged in the Sputnik article .
I typed four different search requests into the Google search engine – “ Hillary he , ” “ Hillary health ” “ Hillary health i , ” and Hillary health p ” and then compared the findings with two rival search engines , Bing and Yahoo , and the results were both astonishing and disconcerting .
Google 's autocomplete feature steered me to obscure Clinton topics and in a direction that was nearly completely devoid of anything relating to Clinton 's health woes . By contrast , Bing and Yahoo directed my searches to matters concerning their multiple health issues .
The following graphics represent screenshots of those troubling results .
The results speak for themselves . Clearly , Google is being mendacious and is deliberately trying to suppress negative coverage of Clinton . The reasons for this are quite obvious . Google and Clinton maintain close pecuniary ties . The Clinton campaign is utilizing the technology resources of a start-up company , known as Timshel , to boost Clinton 's presidential prospects . Timshel is largely funded by billionaire Eric Schmidt who also happens to be the executive chairperson of Google 's parent-company Alphabet . From there , it 's easy to connect the dots . This type of deceptive conduct , designed to manipulate the electorate is beyond disgraceful and demonstrates the corrupting influence of Clinton-connected businesses on the 2016 election .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- As a kid growing up in the Carolinas without an NFL team , I adopted the Minnesota Vikings because I liked the nickname of their defense .
When you 're 8 in the pre-Barney the Dinosaur world , `` The Purple People Eaters '' sounded cool .
It did n't get any better than Alan Page . Carl Eller , Jim Marshall and Gary Larson with their coined phrase , `` Meet at the Quarterback . ''
I thought of that earlier in the week when Carolina Panthers defensive end Greg Hardy said their No . 3-ranked unit is trying to play well enough to `` become one of those nickname defenses . ''
I thought about some of the all-time great nicknames , from Chicago 's `` Monsters of the Midway '' to Denver 's `` Orange Crush '' to Pittsburgh 's `` Steel Curtain '' to the Los Angeles Rams ' `` Fearsome Foursome '' to Dallas ' `` Doomsday Defense '' to Miami 's `` No-Name Defense '' during the undefeated 1972 season to their `` Killer Bs '' 10 years later .
I thought about all the great players on those units , from `` Mean '' Joe Greene to Deacon Jones to Lawrence Taylor to Ed `` Too Tall '' Jones .
I thought about how as well as Hardy and the Panthers are playing , they 're a ways from nickname status . Even Hardy admits that .
`` I feel like you 've got to get the abs before you get the tats , '' Hardy said , something I ca n't imagine Page or Eller saying or even thinking . `` You 've got to make it look good . You ca n't get the artwork on a fat stomach . ''
Well , there is that .
But for the sake of argument , let 's suppose the Panthers continue to play at this level for the rest of the season . Let 's say they establish themselves as a defense to contend with for years to come , something that is hard to do with free agency .
What would be a catchy nickname ?
Hardy , who refers to themselves as `` The Kraken , '' made a push during the summer when they gave several teammates `` Monster Inc. '' nicknames . That never really caught on , so here are a few ideas I knocked around :
Star Warriors -- This unit is anchored by rookie , defensive tackle Star Lotulelei , who will be around for a long time . You also could have fun with Luke `` Skywalker '' Kuechly .
McDermonators -- Might as well give defensive coordinator Sean McDermott some love .
The Gospel of Luke -- It is the Bible Belt and Luke Kuechly is the centerpiece .
The Intimidators -- This is NASCAR country , too . Motto could be `` 3 and out . ''
Mash Unit -- Southerners do n't push things , they mash them .
Southern Bellringers -- I do declare , not sure where that one came from .
The DNC -- The Democratic National Convention was in Charlotte last year . Just change the words to Destroy , Nullify , Conquer .
OK , now I 'm reaching .
Open for suggestions .
Scratching An Ankle Is Hard To Beat
Enlarge this image toggle caption Arman Zhenikeyev/iStockphoto.com Arman Zhenikeyev/iStockphoto.com
There are few more sybaritic pleasures than scratching an itch .
But according to a study just out in the British Journal of Dermatology , the intensity of the scratching delight varies with the location of the itch .
The research team was lead by Gil Yosipovitch , a man described as the `` Godfather of itch . '' They and their colleagues at Wake Forest School of Medicine recruited 18 brave souls to take part in their study .
To induce itch , the researchers rubbed their subjects ' skin with approximately 40 cowhage spicules . Just in case you 're not familiar with cowhage spicules , they are tiny threads taken from a tropical legume .
OK , that 's not really very helpful . Just take it on faith that when applied to a human 's skin , cowhage spicules reliably induce intense itching .
Subjects did n't get to scratch their own itch . That would induce too much variability into the experimental design . Instead , the researchers rubbed their subjects ' spicule-induced itches with a Medi-Pak 7-inch cytology brush ( item # 24–2199 , General Medical Corp. , Elkridge , Md . ) .
Probably not as satisfying as scratching with a nice sharp fingernail , but more reproducible .
The researchers tested the itch-scratch response at three sites : back , forearm and ankle . Turns out scratching the ankle produced a more pleasurable itch relief than the other two locations .
Now before you shake your head in wonderment that the researchers chose the back , ankle and forearm to make their measurements , be reassured that this is just the start . `` Future studies , '' they write , `` could also examine the scratching pleasurability associated with other itchy areas such as the scalp or the anogenital region . '' OK .
Whatever else they learn , the Wake Forest researchers have proven one thing : every itch has its niche .
The “ Popeye ” forearms are still there and the biceps are still bulging , but Arnold Schwarzenegger appears no longer able to carry a Hollywood movie to box office success these days .
The 66-year old former California governor 's latest effort , “ Sabotage ” was a huge clunker at the box office this past weekend , producing just $ 5.3 million in ticket sales in its opening weekend .
That was good enough for just a No . 7 showing — and was the third straight opening weekend bomb for the actor who , in 23 films they have starred in , has helped sell more than $ 1.5 billion in US tickets , according to the-numbers.com .
But many of those hits , like “ Terminator ” and “ True Lies , ” came decades ago .
Not even an appearance by Schwarzenegger on WWE 's “ Raw ” show days before “ Sabotage ” opened — in front of plenty of young males , their target demographic — could spark interest .
It did n't help , of course , that the $ 35 million film , from Open Road Films , got terrible reviews .
Kyle Smith , in The Post , said the film “ does n't make a lot of sense on any level . ”
“ Eighty percent of the mayhem in the movie turns out to be based on a mistaken assumption , ” Smith wrote .
“ The film 's script is so bankrupt of ideas and lacking in common sense that I could n't even tell you if the movie wants us to hate them or not , ” said a review at Film.com .
The two previous Schwarzenegger bombs were :
» “ Escape Plan , ” a $ 50 million budget film from Lionsgate , which opened Oct. 18 , 2013 to a first weekend box office of just $ 9.9 million .
» “ The Last Stand , ” also from Lionsgate , with a budget of $ 45 million , had an opening weekend box office of $ 6.3 million .
Schwarzenegger 's last big hit was 2012 's “ The Expendables 2 , ” which pulled in a worldwide box office of $ 305 million — with overseas tickets sales outpacing US sales by nearly 3-to-1 .
Which brings us to a very important fact .
The “ Expendables ” cast — a veritable geezer-fest with Sylvester Stallone , Chuck Norris , Bruce Willis , Jean Claude Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren helping Arnold carry the day — is still very popular overseas .
This despite the fact that the overage ages of the cast 's six big stars is 62.5 years old — just five years younger than the average age of the Supreme Court justices .
The overseas popularity of the group probably explains why “ Expendables 3 ” begins filming in a few months .
Hey , you never know .
The Trolling Stones continues to sell out arenas worldwide — and they average age of the four wrinkly rockers is 69.5 years old .
That makes Schwarzenegger and their pals practically kids .
VW is busy hatching plans for a new range of electric cars that could wear the legendary GTI badge . While the I.D . Buzz MPV stole the show in Detroit last week , a hot version of the I.D . all-electric hatchback , seen at last year 's Paris Motor Show and going on sale in 2020 , is likely to arrive first .
Speaking to Auto Express at the Detroit Motor Show , Volkswagen 's sales and marketing boss Jürgen Stackmann said : “ I think the formula of GTI will change – it will not be the same formula that took us here . But to have an exhilarating , fun to own , fun to drive car , with electric cars it is possible to deliver that .
• Best electric cars to buy
“ Technology is clearly set to be able to do that – it is actually quite easy to do , with four-wheel drive if you want to. ” Our exclusive main image shows what the car could look like , borrowing classic GTI red design detailing to give it “ strong character ” , as Stackmann referred to it .
Image 2 of 5 Image 2 of 5
The I.D . hatch uses new MEB architecture that will underpin a whole range of VW Group electric cars . Its 168bhp output is said to power the car from 0-62mph in “ under eight seconds ” . But as with all battery technology , VW will be able to balance range , charging time and performance to suit each model , with higher-output batteries expected for GTI versions .
• Volkswagen e-Golf review
Christian Senger , Volkswagen 's vice president Product Line G4 , e-mobility , also hinted at all-electric GTIs when speaking to Auto Express at the recent Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas . “ Today we are really successful in having a range of performance , especially at Volkswagen , ” they said . “ We need to recreate this with e-mobility .
“ We can start with a rational approach , the car performing quite well every day . But then we can scale up . More range , more acceleration , more charging points for the money and maybe also 4WD . ”
Would you buy an all-electric hot hatchback ? Let us know in the comments ...
Story highlights 752 cases of Spirit of the Tsars Golden Vodka stolen
Vodka can fetch $ 1,200 a bottle in some nightclubs
Thieves ignored other high-value items in customs warehouse
If you know who swiped more than 4,500 bottles of vodka from a Miami area customs warehouse , it could be worth $ 5,000 to you . And if you use that reward to buy the stuff at some South Beach nightclubs , you could buy about four bottles of it .
The pricey drink is Spirit of the Tsars Golden Vodka , and last month thieves grabbed 752 cases of it , busting a case-sized hole through a concrete wall to grab their pricey loot .
Bottles of the amber liquid , distilled in and imported from Ukraine , retail for $ 249 in liquor stores but can fetch $ 1,200 a bottle at trendy nightclubs . The value of the entire theft was put at $ 1.1 million .
The company says in a statement the sipping vodka has become `` the newest Holy Grail for collectors and connoisseurs . ''
`` We call it golden vodka for a reason . It 's an amber color , a golden color . It 's aged in cognac barrels for three years , '' Mark Owens , president of Spirits of the Tsars Vodka , told CNN affiliate WSVN
The bottles themselves even have value . They are made in France and a portion of the label is a 24-carat gold veneer .
Owens said the thieves definitely knew what they were after when they hit the warehouse on June 22 . They busted through a concrete wall right where the vodka was being stored . And they ignored other high-value items in the warehouse , including art , precious metals and cars , the company said in a statement .
`` I could n't believe it at first , that they actually broke through a concrete wall . They obviously crawled through that hole and handed the vodka out to their team , '' they said .
Video surveillance showed the thieves arriving in a glass-roofed Mercedes sedan about 11 p.m. Later , a panel van and a large box truck showed up , carting off the last of the vodka about 4:30 a.m. , WSVN reported .
The theft will cost Owens a big chunk of their business . Only 5,000 bottles of the vodka are produced for export to the United States every year , according to the WSVN report .
`` These sorts of events put us in a difficult position where we deplete our limited stock unexpectedly , '' Owens said in a statement . `` We would ... ask our clients to report anyone trying to sell them our product outside of our normal distributors . ''
Anyone with information is asked to call 786-629-2022 , the company 's reward flier says . The reward will be paid in cash , and tipsters can remain anonymous .
Godmorgen ,
Them har du dagens nyhedsoverblik . Vi skal til Vesterbro , hvor madmarkedet WestMarket er i krise . Vi starter dog med at gøre klar til at sige farvel til dankortet .
1
I Jyske Bank gør direktør Peter Schleidt sig klar til , at dankortet inden længe kan være fortid . Kortet kommer til at tabe kampen til Mobilepay og Apple Pay , siger han i et interview med Børsen .
» Vi er i tvivl om dankortets fremtid , « siger Peter Schleidt , der er direktør med ansvar for udvikling i Jyske Bank .
Siden 1983 har danskerne kunnet anvende det nationale plastickort , men tiden er efterhånden ved at løbe fra det . Med en betalingsapp på telefonen som Mobilepay eller Apple Pay kombineret med et internationalt betalingskort , er der egentlig ikke den store grund til at have et dankort , mener Jyske Bank-direktøren .
» Markedet er i en rivende udvikling , hvor man f.eks . kan betale med Apple Pay fra sit ur , og der er et væld af udvikling på vej fra både Visa og Mastercard . Vi ser ikke den samme udvikling i dankortet , « siger Peter Schleidt .
Dankortejeren Nets er dog ikke klar til at opgive sin guldkalv endnu .
» Jeg er sikker på , at vi også har et stærkt dankort også i 2025 , « siger Jeppe Juul-Andersen , dankortdirektør hos Nets .
Business anbefaler :
2
Madmarkedet WestMarket på Vesterbro har haft svært ved at tiltrække kunder , siden det åbnede i begyndelsen af året . Direktøren præsenterede for et par måneder siden en stor redningsplan , men problemerne består .
I passagen mellem Matthæusgade og Vesterbrogade er der stadig mange nedrullede metalgitre .
» Der er ikke kunder nok i butikken , og omsætningen er faldet fra flere hundrede tusind kroner om måneden , da vi åbnede , til nu at ligge på et par tusind kroner om dagen , « lyder meldingen fra en af stadeholderne , som ønsker at være anonym .
Det er ikke kun i hans butik , at kasseapparatet nærmest er tomt . De tre ejere bag butikken Fish & Lobster havde eksempelvis ti stande , da WestMarket slog dørene op i februar , men i dag er de nede på fire .
Det er salget , der er problemet , men årsagen til det placerer en af butiksejerne hos West­Markets ledelse , der ifølge ham har ført stadeholderne bag lyset med løfter , den ikke kunne holde .
I dag er der tomt i 26 ud af godt 60 butikker i WestMarket , oplyser ledelsen i en e-mail til Berlingske . Men det går den rigtige vej , fastholder ledelsen .
» Den fremgang er vi ikke kommet sovende til . Så det går fremad , og den positive udvikling i antallet af gæster skulle meget gerne betyde en øget omsætning i staderne , « siger direktør Steen Jensen .
Læs mere them
3
Det hele begyndte med koks i vagtplanen i september . Ryanair kunne ikke få piloternes ferie til at hænge sammen og måtte aflyse tusindvis af fly . For at stoppe den slags problemer har ledelsen i Ryanair tilbudt piloterne mere i løn , for at de til gengæld skulle være mere fleksible og have mindre råderet over deres egen ferieplanlægning .
Men nu har mange Ryanair-piloter fået nok .
Både pilotforeninger i Sverige og Irland har uafhængigt skrevet til direktøren Michael O'Leary og opfordret til at forhandle om bedre faglige vilkår . Med store fagforeninger i ryggen kræver de , at Ryanair tager deres krav seriøst .
Du kan læse mere i Berlingske Business ( kræver abonnement )
4
Donald Trump 's firma , The Trump Organization , ønsker ikke længere at drive det kendte Trump SoHo hotel i New York . Det skriver Financial Times . Trump-familien har ellers drevet hotellet i mere end et årti .
Det bliver i stedet et californisk ejendomsselskab , der skal drive hotellet på Manhattan .
Siden Donald Trump blev amerikansk præsident har The Trump Organization i en række tilfælde valgt at sløjfe investeringer eller ejerskab for at undgå interessekonflikter . Men i New York kan Trump-familien også have en økonomisk interesse i at komme af med hotellet . Antallet af gæster er faldet drastisk , efter at Trump satte sig i præsidentembedet , og hotelrestauranten har været tvunget til at lukket , skriver Financial Times .
Nordnets investeringsøkonom , Per Hansen , har noteret sig tre ting , som investorerne bør bide mærke i i dag :
PMI fra Tyskland , Frankrig og Eurozonen bliver nøgletalsmæssigt dagens fokus
FED minutes - referatet fra det amerikanske centralbankmøde i november - viste på den ene side bekymring for lav kerneinflation , på den anden side udsigt til en amerikansk renteforhøjelse i december . Efter FED minutes blev dollaren svækket , hvilket kan tage lidt af de europæiske investorers gode aktiehumør .
Royal Unibrew aflagde i går efter lukketid et regnskab , som næppe får investorerne helt op at ringe . Bundlinjen står stille . Spørgsmålet er om der var procenter nok i tallene til at tilfredsstille investorerne ?
De asiatiske aktiemarkeder fortsætter overvejende de gode takter for tredje dag i træk med udsigten til , at der formentlig kommer en rentestigning fra Federal Reserve . Undtagelsen var de japanske aktiemarkeder , der var lukkede på grund af en national helligdag .
Want more unusual Apple tidbits ? Check out our round-up of Apple merchandise . You 'll never believe some of the stuff Apple has sold…
UPDATE : New icons !
Thanks to our brilliant , sharp-eyed readers we 've got some fresh icon Easter eggs to reveal . Scroll down , the NEW ones are marked for your convenience too . We 're good like that…
If you 're an iPhone , iPad , iPod or Mac owner you 'll spend hours each day gawping at Apple icons . But you might never have realised they hold secrets , hidden histories and subtle nods to Apple in-jokes . Do you know the hidden meanings your Apple gadget holds in plain sight ? Read on , and we 'll spill them all !
iPhone , iPod touch and iPad icons
Fire up the iPhone homescreen and you 'll see a host of standard-issue icons . But there 's more than meets the eye .
Maps icon
The map on the iPhone Maps icon ? It 's Apple 's home address . Number 1 Infinite Loop , Cupertino . The address itself is an in-joke amongst programmers , describing a never-ending loop of code , and also describes the circular road Apple 's campus is built upon . You can see that circular road , and Interstate 280 which flies right by it , in all their glory within the Maps icon , along with a pin to indicate Apple 's front door .
iPod Artists icon
Dive in to the iPhone or iPod touch 's iPod function and cast your eyes toward the bottom of the screen . There you 'll see an Artists option , illustrated as all good bands are , by a man screaming their lungs out at a microphone . But look closer . Does the silhouette look familiar ? It should do to U2 fans , since it 's lead singer , and some-time Apple collaborator , Bono .
iTunes Starbucks icon
In the US , Apple and Starbucks launched a special edition of the iTunes Store together , accessible only while supping fresh java in one of Starbucks ' stores . The partnering was smart in several ways , letting Starbucks hawk their own collections of music , while Apple capitalised on customers ' downtime to make sales .
However , it also marked the first time Apple deviated from their own Human Interface Guidelines , the creed by which all iOS app developers live and die . Check out the screengrab , and you 'll see the Starbucks icon in full colour glory , whereas all other iTunes interface elements are strictly monotone affairs .
iBooks Browse icon
Fire up your iPhone , iPod or iPad for that matter and dive into iBooks . Take a look inside the iBooks Store and glance down at the Browse icon . Whose glasses are those ? They look awfully like those of Apple founder , CEO and interface-tweaker-in-chief , Steve Jobs . It seems the Podfather is also a bit of a bookworm .
Find My iPhone icon
If you 've installed Find My iPhone on your iPhone , iPod or iPad take a look at the map on its icon . It seems to be indicating an iPhone has been located in New York City . Strange , considering Apple 's spiritual and physical home is in Cupertino , on the other side of the US . So , what 's in NYC ? Steve Jobs ' Manhattan apartment perhaps ? There 's a good chance . Until recently Jobs owned the only duplex apartment in the iconic San Remo building , until they sold it to U2 's Bono for $ 15 million .
Mac icons
Hidden messages within Mac icons are much more common than their iPhone , iPod touch or iPad counterparts . Apple 's designers frequently shoehorn in neat touches , jokes and cryptic references . See if you 've spotted all of these .
Stickies icon NEW
The Stickies app is n't particularly obvious , but its icon Easter egg certainly is . The phone number 555-7361 and the name Lou can clearly be seen scribbled on its logo . Those who watch a lot of films or TV might recognise that 555 area code , it 's reserved for fictional mentions , so do n't go dialing it now , will you ?
Aperture icon NEW
If you 've splashed out on Apple 's imaging and photography application Aperture , you 'll be able to gawp at its icon , featuring a lens which is “ Designed by Apple in California ” and reading “ 50mm 1:1.4 ” Those Apple designers are nothing if not fastidious in their attention to detail , and by crikey , that 's a lovely looking lens they 've created .
Interface Builder icon NEW
What sort of pencils does Apple designers use ? Open up the icon for the Apple Interface Builder , a tool used by programmers to create the screens you see on iPhone and iPad apps , and take a squiz . There 's a drawing of a pencil , a set square and a paintbrush . The pencil is helpfully labelled as a “ no 2 graphite pencil with eraser ” . Heading to the art supplies shop yet ?
Keynote 2008 icon NEW
Apple 's presentation application forms part of iWork , but while that might seem dry and uninspiring check out the icon for it . There 's a lectern , and a Q4 2008 report… but on that report are written the lyrics from the musical Spring Awakening . Who says business ca n't also have a hint of showbiz glitz ? The significance of Spring Awakening is n't known .
Console 10.5.6 icon NEW
An error message Apple meant to appear ? That 's what 's on the icon for Mac OS X 's console . The app is designed to show what the Mac 's been up to behind the scenes . That includes errors , but that is the Error AY7:36 shown on the icon ? So far our research has come to nothing . Do you know ?
Photo Booth icon NEW
We 're hearing that the woman pictured in the photos within Photo Booth 's icon are the developer of the app . Although we ca n't confirm that , even after a lot of fruitless Googling . Can you identify her ? Either way , finding actual photos inside the Photo Booth icon was a nice surprise .
iCal icon NEW
If you put the icon for Apple 's iCal calendar app into the OS X dock , you 'll see it shows today 's date . However , look it up in the Applications folder and you 'll see its default setting : July 17 . That 's the day Apple CEO Steve Jobs introduced it in front of crowds at the Macworld Expo 2002 .
One chip to rule them all NEW
Check out the icons for Apple 's firmware update utilities and you 'll see there 's a silicon chip indicated on their icons . Open the icon at full size and you can see the chip 's model number . So what , you might say ? That chip pops up all over the place , from firmware updates to the Mac System Profiler . The significance of the numbers is n't clear . Can you crack it ? The code is : 810-54-2136-1 RM-NCE-1 6319-415-1239 .
Windows computer icons
Access a networked Windows PC from a Mac and you 'll see a tiny beige monitor next to it . It 's small , nondescript and seems innocent . But dig out the full-size version of that icon and you 'll see the monitor is displaying a “ blue screen of death ” error message , a sly poke at Windows perceived unreliability by Apple designers .
Mac Mail icon
It 's so small , and semi-transparent , it 's almost invisible . But the Mac Mail icon which sits in the dock of every Mac holds a postmark labeling its origin as Cupertino , California . Of course , that 's the home of Apple . Logical , yes . Obvious ? Not at all . There 's even a friendly little “ Hello from Cupertino ” message baked into the icon . Neat touch , no ?
Apple Java icon
Java is n't owned by Apple , but there 's an app included with OS X to run Java code . It was made by Apple designers , so obviously includes some creative flourish . On first look it 's a simple coffee cup resting on a napkin . Nothing unusual there , just a play on words around the Java name . But fire up the full size icon , and you 'll see the napkin has a doodling on it . That doodling is genuine Java code . Now that 's attention to detail .
Apple Font Book icon
Apple 's computers have long been a favourite of writers , designers and editors of every persuasion . The Font Book app is , therefore , an often used part of OS X . Its icon , however , holds a neat in-joke . The letters used to make it are A , F and K. In internet-speak , AFK stands for Away From Keyboard .
Apple Dictionary icon
There 's some more Apple wordplay at work on the cover of the dictionary featured in the Apple Dictionary icon . The words “ Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit Amet Etiam ” are clearly seen when the icon is viewed at full size . That 's latin for “ Hello world ! Etcetera ” … well , it 's all up for debate . Have a look at the comments section below and join the debate !
Apple Textedit icon
The Apple Textedit icon is itself a work of literary genius . Open it in full and you 'll see a speech written across the surface of its virtual notepad . It 's an an extract of the monologue from Apple 's Crazy Ones advert , and is signed by John Appleseed , a name Apple often uses as a placeholder for names in its address books .
Old iTunes icons
Apple replaced the iTunes icon with a solid blue bauble in its latest incarnation , but previous iterations featured a musical note resting on a shining silver CD . Open up the full size icon file and you 'd see that image of a CD was precise down to the finest detail : laser etched on its inside edge were the words “ iTunes 7 ” and “ Apple 2006 ” .
Did we miss any icon Easter eggs ? Hidden messages ? Neat touches ? Shout up in the comments box below !
The robots are indeed already taking our jobs , at least the job of Independence Day Parade grand marshal in the East Bay community of Concord . ABC 7 reports that an autonomous car was the grand marshal of Concord 's July 4 parade , as the Contra Costa County suburb rolled out the red carpet for our robot overlord  a tiny red minibus with no driver 's seat or steering wheel .
`` On the spirit of Independence Day , it helps provide independence in the future from your car , '' Contra Costa County Transportation Authority spokesperson Randy Iwasaki told ABC 7 , using the kind of logic that associates President 's Day with mattress sales .
Some waved to it like a person , but Concord # July4 parade grand marshal is not human : it 's an autonomous bus some say will change commuting . pic.twitter.com/QosWMJuoRn — Jonathan Bloom ( @ BloomTV ) July 4 , 2017
In a metaphor for tech industry exuberance , we see in Jonathan Bloom 's Twitter photos that the self-driving car is not even driving itself . The “ autonomous ” car requires two tow truck drivers and at least two pedestrian chaperones . “ We have to got through all of the regulatory processes in order to get a license , ” Iwasaki explained to ABC 7 . “ We do n't have a license yet for this vehicle . ”
There is a connection between the city of Concord and self-driving cars , though not as strong as Fremont with its Tesla factory . Concord is home to something called the GoMentum Station , formerly the Concord Naval Weapons Depot and now one of ten sites in the U.S. where companies can test autonomous vehicles . This particular little red autonomous vehicle comes from a company called EasyMile , who describe themselves as “ an electric shuttle dedicated to smart mobility designed to cover short distances and predefined routes in multi-use environments . ”
Not everyone in Concord was pleased with the selection of a robot as the parade 's grand marshal . “ I do n't know exactly what the grand marshal does , ” Concord resident Kevin Pia told ABC 7 . “ What does the grand marshal do , anyway ? ”
In fairness , the self-driving car was not the parade 's only grand marshal . According to the Concord 4th of July Parade website , “ Our Grand Marshal this year will be the Autonomous Vehicles from the GoMentum Station in Concord along with Children from Sun Terrace Elementary School 's STEM Program . ”
Related : Cocktail-Concocting Robots Sought For Nightclub Competition
IN MARCH 1981 , desperate to prove themselves worthy of Jodie Foster 's love , John Hinckley junior tried to kill President Ronald Reagan with a handgun outside a hotel in Washington , DC . Reagan survived , but Mr Hinckley managed to shoot James Brady , then the White House press secretary , in the head , leaving them partially paralysed—and politically radicalised .
Thanks to Mr Hinckley , Mr Brady and their wife , Sarah , became staunch gun-control advocates . They founded Handgun Control Inc—an advocacy organisation now known as the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence—and spearheaded the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act , which established a system of federal background checks for Americans wishing to purchase firearms , which Bill Clinton signed into law in 1993 . This system of background checks is the principal legacy of Mr Hinckley 's irrepressible victim , James Brady , who died Monday at the age of 73 .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Mr Brady 's passing provides a natural occasion to examine the effects of their tireless efforts on behalf of tighter gun control , and to examine the prospects for future regulation .
To those who favour strict gun laws , Mr Brady is a hero . `` There are few Americans in history who are as directly responsible for saving as many lives as Jim , '' said Dan Gross , president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , on Monday .
This sounds nice , but it may not be true . The Brady Act requires a five-day waiting period for gun purchases during which time prospective buyers are vetted to ensure that they have never been convicted of a felony or committed to a mental institution . In a recent analysis of the effects of the Brady Act Phillip J. Cook , a professor of economics and sociology at Duke , and Jens Ludwig , director of the University of Chicago Crime Lab , report that `` background checks have blocked over 2 million sales since the law was implemented '' . It may seem that this must have had some effect on gun deaths . However , in a sophisticated statistical analysis comparing trends in homicide rates in the 32 states forced to comply with the law with the 18 states that already had background checks , Messrs Cook and Ludwig found `` no case for a causal effect of Brady '' on homicide rates . That is to say , if Mr Brady is directly responsible for saving lives , it does n't show up in the numbers . How is this possible ?
Messrs Cook and Ludwig point to , `` in order of importance , the private sales loophole , the fact that a large share of gun criminals are not disqualified , and the incomplete coverage of the databases utilized in the [ National Instant Criminal Background Check System ] '' . Each of these limitations in the current scheme suggests reforms that in concert may one day render the Brady Act system measurably effective in preventing gun deaths . But let me here focus on the private-sales loophole , which the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence considers to be its biggest piece of unfinished business .
Requirements for waiting periods and background checks only apply to federally licensed firearm vendors , but they do not , in most states , apply to gun sales between private persons . It 's hard to say for certain what proportion of guns are acquired through private channels ; some suggest it is as high as 40 % . A system of universal background checks , requiring private gun sales to be mediated by a licensed vendor , would not altogether eliminate private sales to those who would fail a background check , but it would reduce these transactions by criminalising them . In the wake of the 2012 mass shooting at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut , popular support for universal background checks approached 90 % —an almost unheard of level of consensus in American politics . Nevertheless , legislation that would have begun to close the private sales loophole fell short in the senate thanks to strong Republican opposition , as well as the demurral of a handful of Democrats from rural states worried about their gun-rights bona fides .
It is intensely frustrating to gun-control advocates that exceptionally broad public support for closing the private sales loophole was insufficient to overcome the zealous opposition of gun-rights supporters . It is too seldom acknowledged that the majority preference does not always prevail in democratic politics , especially when the minority preference is more intensely felt . The burning intensity of gun-rights activists ' antagonism toward even reasonable regulation is rooted partly in a not entirely unreasonable suspicion that each new measure is a move down a slippery slope—that gun control advocates would criminalise gun ownership generally , if they could , and that they will do it little by little , if they must .
Many gun-lovers who support universal background checks in principle oppose it in practice because they 're holding the line against the `` gun grabbers '' . This is unproductive . They need to relax . The trend in the Supreme Court 's interpretation of the second amendment has been in the direction of affirming a fairly strong individual right to gun ownership . Gun lovers need not fret about universal background checks leading down the road to serfdom . Antonin Scalia is holding the line . They do n't have to .
On the other side of the equation , those vehemently pushing to `` finish the job '' by finally closing the private sales loophole are most likely to succeed if they are willing concede what the courts have already decided : that the constitution grants the right to own guns .
In 2008 the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence filed an amicus brief explicitly denying any such a right in support of a ban on private handgun ownership in Washington , DC , which the court ultimately overturned in District of Columbia v Heller . By 2010 Paul Helmke , then the president of the Brady Campaign , was arguing that the Supreme Court 's decision in McDonald v Chicago , which consolidated and generalised the court 's earlier finding of an individual right to own guns , was n't really so bad :
To me , the bottom line is , and I think this is what [ the court did in ] the Heller case but reinforced today [ in the McDonald case ] is they 've taken the extremes off the table . The one extreme of handgun bans , total gun bans , that 's off the table now . But they 've also taken the extreme any gun , anywhere , anybody , anytime—that 's off the table too , and once elected officials at the federal level , at the state level , get that part of the decisions through their head , I think we could actually see some progress .
He 's right . Truly accepting that gun bans are off the table will allow the gun-control movement to press forward in good faith toward a sane system that protects Americans ' second-amendment rights while also ensuring that those truly unfit to own a gun can not legally acquire one . Thus will James Brady 's brave legacy be made finally effective , and complete .
George Clooney , right , shown last year at Wynn Las Vegas promoting their Casamigos tequila with Steve and Andrea Wynn , reportedly took issue with Steve Wynn 's comments about President Barack Obama . ( Courtesy )
George Clooney . ( File photo )
Las Vegas casino mogul Steve Wynn gestures during a news conference in this file photo . ( AP Photo/Kin Cheung )
Nicolas Cage with LJ Harness ( Courtesy )
Hotel-casino developer Steve Wynn and actor George Clooney offered vastly different accounts Tuesday of a dinner that ended in verbal fireworks .
Wynn said Clooney “ got drunk ” from downing tequila shots and stormed off after delivering an F-bomb .
The two-time Oscar winner issued the following statement in an email sent through their publicist : “ There were nine people at that table … so you can ask them . … Steve likes to go on rants .
“ He called the president an asshole … that is a fact … I said the President was my longtime friend and then they said ‘ your friend is an asshole . ' … At that point I told Steve that They were an asshole and I was n't going to sit at their table while they were being such a jackass .
“ And I walked out . There were obviously quite a few more adjectives and adverbs used by both of us . Those are all the facts . It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with character . ”
The incident occurred two weeks ago at Botero restaurant , inside Wynn 's Encore hotel .
Clooney was in Las Vegas to promote their Casamigos tequila during the Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America convention .
Clooney and their Casamigos business partners Rande Gerber and Michael Meldman had joined Wynn and a group that included Wynn 's wife , Andrea Hissom , Larry Ruvo , founder of Southern Wine & Spirits , and two executives with celebrity powerhouse Creative Artists Agency .
Dinner had ended , and “ the place was empty , ” Wynn said .
Clooney took exception , Wynn said , when one of the CAA execs told a joke about former Soviet Union President Mikhail Gorbachev .
“ He stood up and threw a hissy fit ” at the CAA guy , Wynn said in a telephone interview , their first comments on the dust-up .
“ Then they sat down and started talking about the Affordable Care Act , and that 's when I spoke up , ” said Wynn , a frequent critic of Obamacare . “ He did n't like that either . I think my discussion about the Affordable Care Act was the straw that broke the camel 's back .
“ When he 's drinking , they consider themselves a close personal buddy of the president .
“ He got up and said , ‘ I do n't have to listen to this ( expletive ) stuff . The only person who got excited about the table was George , and they ran off to another bar . ”
Clooney 's partners were “ mortified , ” Wynn said .
“ Clooney 's fun to be with when he 's sober , ” Wynn added . “ If you have a chance to drink with him , you want to get there early , and do n't stay late .
“ Everybody who 's in my business , the casino business , knows to take actors with a grain of salt . ”
LEAVING LAS VEGAS
Friends of LJ Harness are gathering Thursday for a farewell party at the Siena Italian Authenic Trattoria and Deli .
Harness is moving back to Sarasota , Fla. , with girlfriend Tiffani Foote after five years in Las Vegas as marketing and promotions director for Cadillac of Las Vegas .
The event , which begins at 7:30 p.m. , features Kent Foote and the Vegas Good Fellas jazz band , with Harness sitting in on the drums .
Harness will be saluted for their impact in the community as a prolific fundraiser for the Wounded Warriors Project , the Marine Corps ' Toys for Tots Foundation , Opportunity Village and Nevada Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , as well as their efforts in founding The Vegas Underground , a weekly jam session for local musicians .
My favorite Harness story : Two years ago , Harness brought Nicolas Cage to the SPCA 's annual fundraiser at Spanish Trail Country Club . Cage addressed the group and donated film memorabilia to the SPCA event .
The most prized donation was a rare poster for “ Leaving Las Vegas , ” the 1995 film that Cage won a Best Actor Oscar for .
Harness ' then-81-year-old mother , bidding by telephone from Sarasota , won the poster , which was signed by Cage , co-star Elisabeth Shue and director Mike Figgis . Cage later added a personal note to the poster .
SIGHTINGS
Luxor headliners Jabbawockeez , performing on stage at Coachella with Pharrell Williams , who danced with the former winners of “ America 's Best Dance Crew. ” … Actor and comedian Jim Belushi , getting a tour Saturday of Guy Fieri 's Vegas Kitchen & Bar at the Quad .
THE PUNCH LINE
“ This weekend over 37,000 people went to Denver to participate in the fourth annual Cannabis Cup . And they all made memories that would last a few minutes. ” — Seth Meyers
Norm Clarke 's column appears Sunday , Monday , Wednesday and Friday . They can be reached at 702-383-0244 or email them at norm @ reviewjournal.com . Find more online at normclarke.com . Follow Norm on Twitter @ Norm_Clarke .
First , I should probably say that I 'm not a big fan of prison shows . Or cop shows . Or lawyer shows . Or courtroom drama shows of any sort . I guess that 's one of the side effects of being sentenced to death for a crime I did n't commit . In 1993 I was unfortunate enough to see what the inside of the American judicial machine is truly like when I was tried , convicted , and sentenced to death for three counts of capital murder . One thing I learned is that almost everything you see on television shows is complete and absolute fiction . Perry Mason is no mote realistic than Superman . So when I was first asked to watch a new show called Rectify , I was wary .
Rectify is the story of a man who was sentenced to death for a crime they did n't commit , and spent 19 years on death row before getting out . Much like in my own real life case , the local politicians refuse to admit he 's innocent even after DNA testing points towards someone else . In fact , there was so much about this show that mirrored my own life I began to wonder how much of my story had crept into the script .
The writer of the show , Ray McKinnon , was somewhat familiar with my case . Their late wife , Lisa Blount was a friend of mine . They and I exchanged letters while I was on death row in Arkansas , and they even sang at a concert in Arkansas , along with Eddie Vedder , Patti Smith , and Johnny Depp , to help raise awareness about my plight .
I heard that McKinnon also did research into the cases of other men who had been on death row and had been released or exonerated . It paid off . I can tell you from first-hand experience that Rectify is a very realistic show .
The main character is a man named Daniel . When you look at their eyes , you 're looking into the eyes of a man who has seen Hell . There are moments when they look like he 's about to begin screaming at any second , and never stop . The first time you see this is in episode one , when he 's about to leave the prison . The guard is treating them like a human being , and it 's evident this has n't happened in an extremely long time . You see the confusion on their face as they wrestle with suddenly being treated decently by the same people who have treated them like an animal for years . They ca n't quite process it . I know that look well . As he 's about to leave the prison , the guard helps them tie their necktie , as they can no longer remember how to do it himself .
It reminded me of my very last day in prison , as I was dressing to leave . I was putting on real clothes for the first time in nearly 20 years , as were the two other men being released -- Jason Baldwin and Jessie Miskelley . I looked over to see one of the guards tying Jessie 's tie . They were doing it gently , as if they wanted Jessie to look good on their first day of freedom . It was odd , thinking back on how I 'd been beaten , starved , and treated as something sub-human by prison guards for years . Most people have nothing in their frame of reference that would allow them to understand what an impact that has on a person 's psyche -- but somehow McKinnon manages to capture it .
Another thing McKinnon captures is the shock and trauma of someone just released after nearly 20 years on death row . The main character falls asleep on the ride home from the prison , and then falls asleep again as their sister drives them around to see how the town has changed . When I first walked off of death row I was so deeply in shock and traumatized that for nearly three months I could n't watch a movie , a television show , read a book , or take a car ride without falling into a deep , dark sleep that did n't seem to refresh me much when I awakened . All I wanted to do was go out and walk the streets of New York City at all hours of the day and night . I would walk until I was so exhausted I 'd stumble over my own feet like a drunk -- and I was drunk . I was drunk on the river of human energy that flowed all around me , over me , and through me . The human interaction and energy I 'd been starved of for almost 20 years .
One other thing McKinnon manages to capture is the wonder a man experiences once he 's returned from the land of the dead . The main character walks through a convenience store , staring at the hot dog rack like it 's a minor miracle . And to him , it is . For me , it was Chinatown . I would walk up and down the streets of Chinatown staring at all the flotsam and jetsam being sold on the side walks in awe . They were the most beautiful things I 'd ever seen -- colors , shapes , smells -- I could n't get enough of it . I could stare for hours at the pigeons everyone else seemed to find revolting . Everything was amazing to me . Everything . I would lie on our balcony in the rain , staring at this beautiful beast of a city that I had fallen head over heels in love with . I would look at the skyline of Manhattan and be so overwhelmed with the monstrous beauty that I wanted to sob and kiss the filthy sidewalks . McKinnon manages to catch something of that energy .
One last thing they manage to convey is how flawed the justice system is , and how skewed our belief in it tends to be . Law enforcement and politicians in the show say that despite what DNA testing shows , the lead character would not have confessed if they were n't guilty . That greatly mirrors the sentiments I 've heard in the outside world . The reality is that anyone can be so worn down that they 'll eventually confess to anything , no matter how strong they believe themselves to be . And it happens all the time -- from people who are killed after confessing to practicing witchcraft , to people sentenced to lethal injection even though the crime scene bears no resemblance to the confession tortured out of them .
All in all , I 'd say Rectify is a powerful and realistic show which more than holds the viewer 's attention . But will I be watching it in the future ? No , because it 's all a rerun to me .
Inside the walls of the Zen Buddhist Kazo-ji temple in the port of Otomo , in Iwate prefecture , six khaki army tents are pitched beside a stone garden . In the car park , soldiers gathered round a field mess preparing a midday meal for those made homeless by the tsunami in March that devastated Otomo .
Out over the bay two helicopters slowly skimmed the waves . With some 12,000 people still missing , a drive was under way last month to locate more bodies . A contingent of 25,000 soldiers , 90 helicopters and 50 naval units , assisted by about 100 divers , took part in the operation . Some bodies remain buried in the wreckage ; others were swept out to sea .
Several weeks after the earthquake and tsunami , Japan 's self-defence forces are still hard at work in Otomo and in most of the other towns in the disaster zone . SDF convoys sped down the roads , flying banners marked `` emergency rescue '' . Military bulldozers were busy clearing wreckage .
The presence of troops gives the devastated towns a war-time atmosphere . But local people are generally pleased to see them . `` Without them , I do n't know what would have become of us , '' says one Otomo resident .
Many Japanese have misgivings about these forces . With the difficult legacy of militarism , the pacifist stance written into the constitution and the ambiguity surrounding the unnamed army , soldiers feel obliged to keep a low profile . Their work since the tsunami has undoubtedly been their most effective public relations move .
It 's the first time since 1945 that such a large number of military personnel have been deployed on Japanese territory . The SDF , which is also involved in emergency work at the Fukushima power station , may gain the legitimacy it has previously lacked in the public 's eyes .
Under the constitution of 1947 Japan renounced the threat or use of force , but soon yielded to American pressure at the start of the cold war and the conflict in Korea , setting up a reserve force , followed in 1954 by self-defence forces . For years the Japanese were uncertain about the mission assigned to the SDF – defending the country along with emergency rescue work in the event of a national disaster .
In the original mission statement the force was required simply to assist civilian authorities , though due to the scale of the March disaster the SDF has taken on a much larger role . Immediately after the tsunami , the SDF was the only organisation equipped to cope with conditions , if only because its communications resources enabled it to continue operations .
The SDF was mobilised on the evening of 11 March for emergency transport , but soon became the main body managing the crisis . Almost half the force of 230,000 has been mobilised under a single command structure controlling land , sea and air forces .
`` After the emergency rescue operations we are now clearing debris and helping disaster victims resume normal life and dispensing medical care , '' says Lieutenant Kimura of the fifth infantry regiment , ninth division . Just under 600 men and women from the regiment have been deployed in Rikuzentakata , one of the cities the hardest hit .
`` The personnel are trained to deal with disasters , '' Kimura adds . The soldiers , most of whom are young , provide material assistance , but they often listen to victims too . The hardest task , said one soldier , is searching for bodies . `` We move forward in a line with long wooden poles , stirring the debris , '' they said . `` When a corpse is found , the search stops and the police take over . ''
Soldiers only start using heavy machinery to retrieve a body once the family 's approval has been obtained . `` This procedure slows down our work , '' the soldier adds , `` but it 's right we should respect the suffering of disaster victims . ''
This article originally appeared in Le Monde
Keeping a journal can be fun , but it 's hard sometimes to keep up with recording all your memories or important thoughts . Brilliant webapp automating service If This Then That ( IFTTT ) can create an automatic journal for you by archiving your events , pics , and social media posts to Evernote .
We 've shown you how to use IFTTT previously . Setting up a new `` recipe '' ( or instruction for the automated tasks ) is simple : Select what the trigger is ( e.g. , a Google Calendar event starts ) and then an action to perform ( e.g. , save to Evernote ) .
Advertisement
Here 's how you can create an automatic journal or log that backs up your tweets , calendar events , and more into a note in Evernote . ( It 's kind of like Facebook 's timeline , but only for the stuff you want to see or remember—and without everyone else 's clutter . )
What You 'll Need
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
If you do n't have one already , set up an account at If This Then That and also one for note-taking tool Evernote .
In my example , I 'm saving calendar events from Google Calendar , Instagram photos I take , tweets from Twitter with the tag `` # today , '' and my Facebook status updates . For the services you want to back up , activate ( i.e. , link ) them in IFTTT at the Channels page .
Step 1 : Set Up Your Evernote Diary
In Evernote , create a new notebook called `` Diary '' or `` Journal '' or `` Timeline '' or whatever you want . This notebook will hold your running diary log in one note , which is called `` Auto Journal . '' ( The note title is specified in the IFTTT recipe—you can change it to whatever you like . ) When the note gets too big ( over 2MB ) , IFTTT will create a new note in your Diary notebook .
Advertisement
You could set it up so all your status updates get inserted as separate notes in Evernote , but that might be too unwieldy .
Step 2 : Create Your Recipes to Auto-Save Your Updates to Evernote
I 've shared the recipes below , but here 's how they 're set up , in case you want to add additional services ( e.g. , pull in all your Tumblr posts ) or modify them .
Advertisement
Save Events from Google Calendar to Your Auto Journal Note
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
How it works : Whenever you add a calendar event to Google Calendar with the word `` diary '' somewhere in it , all the details of the event get appended to the Evernote `` Auto Journal '' note in your diary notebook .
Advertisement
For the `` this '' trigger , select Google Calendar and then the specific calendar you want IFTTT to monitor for events . Because I might not want all my calendar entries to go into my journal , I specified a search phrase `` diary . '' The event will be logged within 15 minutes of the event happening if that word is in the title , location , or description for an event .
For the `` that '' action , select Evernote . For the note title , I entered `` Auto Journal '' and for the notebook I specified `` Diary '' . Important : All of the recipes you want to append to the same note should have the same note title and notebook name .
IFTTT auto-fills in the note body—title , description , time , and link to the Google Calendar event .
Advertisement
Download the recipe
The other recipes follow the same basic structure .
Save Instagram Photos to Your Auto Journal Note
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
How it works : Whenever you take an Instagram photo , it gets appended to the Evernote `` Auto Journal '' note in your diary notebook .
This recipe does n't have a lot to tweak . Just link your Instagram account and make sure the Evernote notebook title and note title are the same as the other recipes .
In the body of the note , you 'll get the image , plus the caption and creation date and time .
Advertisement
Download the recipe
Save Your Tweets to Your Auto Journal Note
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
How it works : Whenever you tweet or re-tweet something with the hashtag `` # today , '' the tweet will get appended to the Evernote note .
You can change the hashtag to whatever you like . If you want to save every single tweet , start with the `` new tweet by you '' trigger or use redwanhuq 's recipe .
In the body of the note , you 'll get the tweet text , link to the tweet , plus the creation date and time .
Advertisement
Download the recipe
Update : Reader JB_Bryant has shared a similar recipe with improved formatting and a link to the original tweet . You can check that recipe out here . You may need to tweak it to make it go into the same Evernote note as your other recipes , though .
Advertisement
Save Your Facebook Status Updates to Your Auto Journal Note
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
How it works : Whenever you post a status update on Facebook , it 'll be appended to your Evernote `` Auto Journal '' note .
Advertisement
This is a straightforward recipe too . In the body of the note , you 'll get the status text and the creation date and time .
Download the recipe
More Ideas for Auto Archiving Your Life
IFTTT is also great for backing up all your photos or photos of you that others have tagged . While you can send photos to Evernote as photo notes , you 'd probably prefer to have them saved as actual images in place like Dropbox . See our instructions for getting digital doubles of all your photos .
Advertisement
Other things you might want to automatically back up include your WordPress or Posterous blog posts , your Foursquare log-ins , SMS messages , and so on . All Techie News has a good collection of links for these .
For more great IFTTT recipes and ideas , see our guide to supercharging all your webapps with If This Then That . ( For an alternative to using IFTTT and Evernote , see previously mentioned Everyday.me for iOS . Commenters in that post noted that rolling our own version is a good idea . )
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Editor 's note : Sen. Bernie Sanders jumped into the crowded 2020 race . This story was published during their first presidential bid . Click here for more Sanders stories from Mother Jones ' archives .
After they were elected mayor of Burlington , Vermont , in 1981 , Bernie Sanders took their message straight to the people via a cable access show called Bernie Speaks . It was a low-budget production . The credits were written in marker by hand ; the intro music was a recording of “ We Shall Overcome ” ; there was no script . Now , the station has posted dozens of episodes of Sanders ' show , along with poorly lit footage of various mayoral functions and campaign events . The collection captures Sanders at their most unfiltered—and , at times , eccentric . Here 's a sampling . ( All clips courtesy of the CCTV Center for Media & Democracy in Burlington , Vermont . )
Bernie Goes to the Dump
Featuring a big pile of wood chips , a flock of seagulls , a really strong sweater , and some cows . This episode is what it sounds like .
Bernie Plays Tennis
This video has no narration . It 's just an hour of people playing sports around Burlington , with ambient crowd noise and grunting in the background . At around the 37:50 mark , the cameraman pans away from a soccer game to show the mayor holding court behind him . Why ? Why not .
Bernie Performs “ Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night ”
Most candidates do n't televise their own fundraisers . Then again , most candidates do n't raise money at poetry slams .
At this 1985 event , hosted for Sanders by a group of writers and poets , Sanders spoke briefly about the coming election and city hall life . But mostly , they were there to talk about emotional energy . People had become “ emotionally constipated , ” they said , and , channeling their earlier writings on Sigmund Freud , Sanders argued that it was driving humankind into a death spiral— ” Maybe there is a strong feeling to see the world blown up because the suffering in some ways is too intense . ”
And then , they announced , they were going to read a poem— ” Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night , ” by Dylan Thomas . Their older brother had bought A Child 's Christmas in Wales on vinyl years earlier , and it had stuck with the mayor ever since . “ It 's very moving , ” Sanders said . “ It 's human beings rebelling , in a sense . Standing up . Fighting death . Fighting the elements whatever it may be . ”
Bernie Returns From Nicaragua
Sanders considered US involvement in Nicaragua a potentially greater catastrophe than the Vietnam war . In 1985 , midway through their eight-year stint as mayor , they traveled to Central America to meet with members of the Sandinista-controlled government . They were greeted , on their return , by a crowd of supporters at the airport , and they delivered brief remarks on what they saw during their one-man diplomatic mission . “ Their leadership are intelligent people—they 're not , to quote Ronald Reagan , ‘ loony-tune characters , ' ” they said .
“ This is the first time I 've been to Central America , but Central America is America , ” they concluded . “ They are Americans . They play baseball . They play basketball , they watch the same stupid American television programs that we watch—you feel a real kinship for these people , ” they said . ( He spoke at greater length the next day . )
Bernie on Ice
Sanders , you may have heard , does not enjoy the personal aspects of retail politics , such as shaking hands and kissing babies . But they do their best . As mayor , they often took their television show on the road to meet with constituents and sell them on their plans for the city . Ahead of a major vote on a new bond initiative in 1987 , they decided to mingle among the ice-skaters on Burlington 's lakefront , making forced small talk and then giving them the hard sell . During lulls in the action , they sigh loudly , as if they are getting cold .
Although Sanders is not wearing ice skates , we do briefly see them playing hockey . When the puck comes toward him , they kick wildly at it . Afterwards , they appear to talk trash .
They use a few canned lines over and over to cozy up to interview subjects . “ Now let me play roving reporter here ” ; or “ I 'm playing roving reporter here ” ; or “ Hey , do you want to be on Not Candid Camera ? ” ; or “ Hi , I 'm Dan Rather , This is 60 Minutes , we 're here in Burlington , Vermont , just talking to folks ! ”
One woman refers to Sanders as “ the King Friday of Burlington , ” a reference to this character from Mr. Rogers .
Bernie Records an Album
I 'll let this description of their 1987 recording session stand on its own :
Sanders Records 2 Songs , and Talks with 30 Vt . Musicians at Todd Lockwoods ' White Crow Audio studio . Only “ Oh Freedom ” was edited . “ We Shall Overcome ” was not edited , as video . Lots of awful scratches from bad machine .
Bernie Talks About Almost Throwing Up During a Presidential Debate
Throughout their career , Sanders has mostly avoided talking about one subject—himself . But in 1986 , they accepted an invitation to speak to a political science class at the University of Vermont . The topic was the 1960s , and Sanders , who had effectively majored in activism at the University of Chicago , spoke at length about their formative years as a civil rights activist and anti-war demonstrator .
Early on , they zeroed in on the moment when they realized their own political views had no place in the two-party system :
I remember , for some reason or another , being very excited when Fidel Castro made the revolution in Cuba . I was a kid and I remember reading that and it just seemed right and appropriate that poor people were rising up against rather ugly rich people . And I remember again very distinctly , again a very distinct feeling , I was watching the debates you remember the famous Nixon–Kennedy debates . That was the first time the presidential candidates actually debated . And I was becoming increasingly interested in politics , did n't know much , but I was interested . I remember sitting in the student lounge in our dormitory watching the debate . And at that time , I was very excited and impressed by the Cuban revolution , and there was Kennedy and Nixon talking about which particular method they should use about destroying revolution . I remember the irony as we learned the history later on , Kennedy was saying Nixon was too soft on communism…in Cuba . We should deal firmly with Fidel Castro ! And Nixon was playing the role of hey , you 've got to be patient you 've got to negotiate , but of course what they were upset about was they were planning the Bay of Pigs Invasion right then . But for security reasons they could n't come out and say we are already planning the destruction of the Cuban revolution do n't worry about it . So they were the liberal and Kennedy was playing the conservative . Actually , when you read novels people say there 's a sick feeling in your stomach . Usually I 'm sufficiently unemotional not to be sick but I actually left the room because I was about to puke .
Bernie Finds a Giant Fish
In this episode of Bernie Speaks , Mayor Sanders travels to the Burlington pier and encounters a man holding a large fish . The man explains that he 's involved a contest—whoever catches the largest fish in Lake Champlain will win a $ 100,000 savings bond . Sanders appears to briefly reconsider a career change . Fade to black . Next , we open on Bernie at a Burlington hotspot known as Battery Park .
The camera slowly zooms out to reveal that Bernie is standing on top of a slide .
Why are they on a slide ? What are they doing up there ? ?
Unfortunately , despite Sanders ' success at cleaning the park up for the use of all citizens of Burlington , there is only one other adult at the park , and they are pushing their young daughter on a swing set . The mayor , undeterred , proceeds to interview him :
Sanders ' interviewing style is to constantly look around as if he 's expecting the cops to arrive and haul them away . Later , they meet a group of children painting a map of Vermont on the pavement outside an elementary school .
Bernie Discusses $ 3 Wines
In keeping with their theme of stereotypically leftist fundraisers , Sanders invited the local access channel to film a fundraiser at a Burlington wine tasting . Sanders asks just one question at the event—do they have any wines that would appeal to people , like himself , who only drink $ 3 bottles ? This is a tough one to watch , because there 's virtually no audio , and the cameraman appears to be standing on an active fault line .
Bernie Ruins Their Son 's Winter Vacation
Normally Bernie held their own microphone . But in December 1987 they were in luck—his oldest son , Levi , was home from college . So Levi held their microphone . For 40 minutes . In addition to looking tired , Levi also looks really cold .
They start outside the offices of the Burlington Free-Press , which Sanders offers up as a more benign but still unseemly example of corporate media . They appear surprised by just how expensive it is . “ Oh God , it 's a dolluh and a quarter , they say . ”
Every scene ends with Bernie saying “ okay ! ”
Downtown :
At city hall :
At the University of Vermont :
At the hospital :
By the lake :
At a house :
Okay !
Oyster , a company that provides a Netflix-like book subscription service , is shutting down . And most of its team is heading over to Google .
In a blog post on Monday , Oyster 's founders said they were “ taking steps to sunset ” the company 's service , which launched in 2012 . “ We believe more than ever that the phone will be the primary reading device globally over the next decade , ” they wrote . “ Looking forward , we feel this is best seized by taking on new opportunities to fully realize our vision for e-books . ”
Those opportunities may happen at Google . A rep for the search giant confirmed that “ a portion ” of the Oyster team has joined Google Play Books , its online store for books . People familiar with the company say that CEO Eric Stromberg and co-founders Andrew Brown and Willem Van Lancker are part of the team joining Google .
Google is resistant to the notion that it bought Oyster . But sources said it will end up paying investors , who put a reported $ 17 million into the company , for the right to hire some of its staff . In other words , this is an “ acqhire . ”
Google went through this sort of exercise recently . In July , the company swooped in when Homejoy , a startup connecting customers with professional cleaners online , retired . Google hired around 20 of Homejoy 's engineers , as Re/code first reported . Later that month , Google launched an advertising product for professional services that looked remarkably similar to Homejoy 's model .
So does Google want to launch its own version of Oyster 's book subscription ? The company declined to comment . If it does launch a service , it will end up competing with Amazon , which launched its own $ 10-a-month e-book service in July 2014 .
Sometimes , updates break things . That seems to be the case for some HTC owners who , upon receiving a silent update to the newest version of Google Play Services , are having trouble using apps that rely on location data . According to HTC phone users in this support thread , Google Now continually asks to turn Location Services on , location-dependent applications like Foursquare and WeatherBug do n't function properly , and Maps is unable to lock onto a location .
The good news ? Google 's looking into the problem . The bad news ? No ETA . And unfortunately , because Google Play Services updates in the background automatically , wiping data wo n't help . However , a Google team member did provide a potential fix that may alleviate the issue for some users , although many are reporting it is n't working :
Go to the Google Settings app Select Apps with Google+ Sign In Find the app that 's causing the sign-in problem in the list Select Activities visible via Google to Change the presented setting ( i.e . from Public to Your Circles ) If that succeeds , the problem should be solved and you can repeat the above steps to return to your preferred settings . Alternatively , you can disconnect the app causing the problem ( Settings app > Apps with Google+ Sign In > App > Disconnect App ) , which should have a similar effect .
Hopefully , a permanent solution is forthcoming .
Thanks , Ari
Jordanian fighter pilots trained closely with their Israeli counterparts at a US-hosted air force exercise this summer , an American official said , in a rare acknowledgment of intimate military cooperation between the Jewish state and its Arab neighbor to the east .
The US official 's comments , reported by Reuters on Tuesday , came as Israel 's Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon more vaguely confirmed the cooperation . Ya'alon said in a speech Tuesday that Israeli pilots trained with unspecified Arab pilots in the course of July 's “ Red Flag , ” the latest in a series of joint combat training exercises frequently hosted by the US in Alaska .
Egypt is known to have participated in previous “ Red Flag ” exercises ; Jordan is not .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ There were Arab pilots there too , and pilots from the various branches of the United States military and other countries , ” Ya'alon said Tuesday .
The unnamed US official quoted by Reuters elaborated that Jordanian warplanes flew out with Israel 's jets in the course of the drill , and even refueled from an Israeli tanker over the Atlantic Ocean .
Israel and Jordan signed a peace treaty in 1994 , and quietly maintain intimate security and economic relations . But they are not known to have ever acknowledged conducting joint air force training .
While the peace treaty is not popular among ordinary Jordanians , and is routinely criticized during flareups in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , Israel and Jordan share many regional concerns , including over Iran 's nuclear ambitions and the threat posed by Islamic State .
The disclosure of Israeli-Jordanian air force cooperation came three days after another rare instance of publicly acknowledged cooperation between the Israeli military and an Arab neighbor : Israel on Saturday assisted Egyptian and Russian authorities in the aftermath of the deadly crash of a Russian passenger jet with 224 people on board in the Sinai Peninsula .
IDF spokesperson Peter Lerner said the army coordinated with Russia and Egypt and provided “ aerial surveillance in the efforts to locate the Russian airplane that lost contact over the Sinai Peninsula . ”
Egypt and Israel signed a peace treaty in 1979 .
For the past two weeks , the Israeli Air Force has been hosting the country 's largest ever international air exercise , drilling against a fictional enemy state .
The “ Blue Flag ” exercise , a followup to “ Red Flag ” which was due to end on Tuesday , involves the Israeli Air Force , the United States Air Force , Greece 's Hellenic Air Force and the Polish Air Force , the captain in charge of all IAF exercises told The Times of Israel last week . A number of other countries , including Germany , also sent pilots and officers to observe the exercise but did not take part .
“ Asked whether Jordan… was among the Blue Flag participants , Israeli military spokespersons declined to comment , ” Reuters reported Tuesday . “ Jordanian officials also declined comment on both drills , ” it said .
Sadiq Khan will make their first major speech of the election campaign , when they set out four priority areas to deal with as London Mayor in Isleworth this morning . The Labour candidate will attack the rising cost of living in the capital – particularly soaring prices of housing and transport fares .
“ London is the greatest city in the world , but we 're at a crossroads , ” they will say . “ Londoners are being priced out of our city by the Tory housing crisis and the cost of commuting – missing out on the opportunities that London gave me . If we do n't act now , it could be too late . ”
They are pledging to bring in a 50 % affordable housing target with firm rules for developers to ensure that new homes built are “ genuinely affordable ” . They have also said that new homes will be built on the city 's many brownfield sites , protecting the Green Belt ; ensure that Londoners are given priority for new homes rather than overseas investors ; and introduce London Living Rent homes , pegging rents to a third of the local average wage .
On transport , Khan has reiterated their promise to freeze all TfL fares until 2020 and introduce a new ‘ Hopper ' bus ticket , so people can use more than one bus on a single fare . The speech today also touches on getting work on Crossrail 2 started , as well planning ahead for future infrastructure projects such as Crossrail 3 and extending the outer London orbital routes .
They plan to say :
“ I want to build a London in which all Londoners can afford a roof over their head and to get to work , and in which housing and transport are no longer the sources of stress and worry they are today .
“ A city in which every single Londoner has the opportunities to fulfil their potential – where a kid growing up on a council estate can go on to become a lawyer , an entrepreneur , a head teacher or a doctor – providing they put in the work . ”
Khan is spelling out their own individuality , too , and says they wo n't be pushed around by anyone :
“ I wo n't be anyone 's patsy – I 'll stand up for Londoners against anyone who threatens their interests . Whether it 's David Cameron or Jeremy Corbyn – if they get it wrong I 'll say so . I 'll always work to get the best possible deal for Londoners . ”
Gov . Greg Abbott flew to Israel Saturday on a plane belonging to Sheldon Adelson , the billionaire casino owner and megadonor active in Republican national politics .
A spokesperson for the governor confirmed Abbott flew on Adelson 's 737 after Jewish Insider and The Dallas Morning News first reported it Monday .
Adelson is a top spender in Republican politics known for their fierce support of Israel and their friendship with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Abbott met with Netanyahu in Jerusalem on Monday to discuss the Texas-Israeli relationship and reiterate Abbott 's opposition to Iran — a nation whose relationship with Israel has long been tense .
Abbott 's trip is being paid for by TexasOne , the state 's economic development corporation , and Adelson appeared to have loaned the aircraft free of charge .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
The billionaire recently made national headlines when they were revealed to be the mysterious purchaser of The Las Vegas Review-Journal in December . They also own the newspaper with the largest circulation in Israel , a free daily .
Adelson made political contributions totaling at least $ 90 million in the 2012 elections , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , and is a highly sought-after donor in the 2016 Republican presidential primary .
Abbott 's trip to Israel comes on the heels of President Barack Obama 's deal with Iran , which on Saturday led to the lifting of economic sanctions after international inspectors found that the country had made good on promises to dismantle much of its nuclear program . Israel 's leadership under Netanyahu has opposed the deal , saying Iran 's nuclear capabilities put Israel in jeopardy .
After their stop in Israel , the governor will fly to Switzerland later this week for a stop at the World Economic Forum in Davos . An Abbott spokesperson said Monday that flight will be made on Adelson 's plane as well .
One little note can cost you the game , the respect of your fans , and the love of your teammates .
One little note can kill your career , and break your band up into smithereens .
What a huge difference one little note can make ! The difference between heaven and hell lies in a mere semitone . A half-step between public praise and hater 's hate . One hundred cents between consonant triumph and dissonant failure .
One little note can bring on the scorn of a nation . Even in a song that nobody likes—a schmaltzy waltz that is about as embarrassing to sit through as Happy Birthday .
All of the public criticism for “ The Star-Spangled Banner ” by pop group The Fray at the NCAA championship a couple days ago1 hangs on one little wrong note , though you wo n't hear about it in the news .
The Washington Post wrote2 :
It was acoustic , emo and mercifully quick .
Now that 's just mean . I guess the emo thing is somewhat accurate , referring to the two distinct acoustic guitar parts and uh , emotional singing , but why no mention of the obvious wrong note on every third chord ? It seems people do n't trust their ears when they hear dissonance . It happens to the best of us .
There 's no way people hate this version for stylistic reasons . It ca n't be because they played it as a schmaltzy waltz . “ The Star-Spangled Banner ” is a schmaltzy waltz !
It ca n't be because they made it a “ One Five Four Five ” Chord progression ; everyone loves those !
It might be because the instrumentation was a tad too “ Occupy ” for people 's tastes , but it 's actually a pretty conservative folk arrangement , and not at all the main reason for the jingoistic indignation stirred up in the public . Guitars , dudes , a tambourine , and a drum—it 's all pretty damn all-American . This easily could 've been the version George W. Washington sang at the end of the Civil War .
No , it 's got nothing to do with politics . It 's because of one terrible horrible no good very bad little note , as demonstrated in the two widgets below .
The rhythm guitarist plays the V IV V chord progression in G .
However , the other guitarist hits a high G # over the C Major Chord , instead of a G. At just a semitone away , the sharpened tonic is one of the most dissonant possible wrong notes they could 've played .
Try dragging over both guitar parts simultaneously in alternating up and down-strokes . Just drag over the start of each measure , then slowly move on to the next pair to get a taste of the delicious dissonance lurking in the cliché chord progression .
The sad part is that the guitarist plays it right in the intro ( with the G ) , and then botches it for the rest of the song ( with the G # ) . Or maybe they were going for something truly progressive ?
The whole mess creates a very silly harmony , an unintentional augmented chord—C Major with an added Minor Six ( Ab ) . It 's a musical joke of sorts , and that 's one thing Los Doggies can get behind .
The guitarist responsible for this hilarious Easter egg in our anthem , tweeted in response to the criticism :
“ Upon thinking about it , doing the National Anthem is a bit like choosing between Jif and Skippy . You just ca n't please everyone , ” .
So true ! Who could possibly understand the subtleties of such a dark dissonant musical joke such as the sharpened G in a G major love song to your country ? What followers will catch the tonal depravity involved in unapologetically disgracing the old forms like that ? What compatriots will embrace the musical irony—intentional or not—spread it around evenly , and then put it back on the shelf like nothing ever happened ?
I can relate though . When you 're on stage , your mind can play tricks on you ; mess you up . Take a look on the youtube below . A clear case of musical madness caught on camera .
Notes :
[ 1 ] It starts off tonally enough . G Major certainly is a fine key . The first instrumental 8 bars are fine , but it sure takes a sharp turn for the worse in the 11th measure when the guitarist starts hitting the G # , and continues to hit it for the duration of the song . However , if this did n't have that fuck-up , and had beautiful tertian harmony throughout , with the right chord progression , or fuck it , even just two chords , this would be a lot of people 's favorite anthem rendition , probably even win them a Grammy , instead of being the Barr-mangled banner it is , all because of one little note .
Gabe Newell explains why Hollywood has not made a Half-Life movie .
Valve 's boss has not green lit any Hollywood movies based on the studio 's games because they believe fans would be disappointed by the end product .
Speaking in an interview with Jamie Russell for the book `` Generation Xbox : How Video Games Invaded Hollywood '' , Gabe Newell said that if Valve went down the path of licensing property to a Hollywood studio , they 'd be losing control and the fans would be ill-served .
`` Most people were just trying to vampire off the success and popularity of the [ Half-Life ] property , without any real understanding of what made it an interesting or successful property in the first place , '' Newell said . ( Russell , 288 )
`` This writer was trying to convince us that it 'd be cool to have this new modern cavalry with these Kevlar-armoured horses charging across this field . It has absolutely nothing to do with what made Half-Life an interesting entertainment experience for our customers , '' they said .
`` It was just bizarre . '' ( Russell , 288-289 )
`` Most of it will be terrible , '' says Newell . `` But some of it will be brilliant . ''
Newell continued to say that Valve no longer has the luxury to just being a games company - its fans are cross-media consumers who want to view movies based on their favorite games and vice versa . They added that Valve fans could possibly service the gaming community better than Hollywood , using the Star Wars films as an example .
`` If Lucasfilm has taken all the assets they had created for Star Wars : Episodes 1 , 2 and 3 and released them to the fan community and said ‘ you guys go and make three 90-minute movies ' , in aggregate the community would have built better movies than George Lucas did . I 'm not being hyperbolic at all , '' Newell said .
`` I mean literally they would have made better , higher quality entertainment than they did . The key is to connect the dots for the community in terms of giving them the tools that they need . If you can mod a game like Half-Life 2 , there 's no reason why you can mod a movie like The Phantom Menace . '' ( Russell , 290 )
Newell believes that Hollywood will have to collaborate with their fanbases to create entertainment experiences to best service the fans .
`` Most of it will be terrible , '' says Newell . `` But some of it will be brilliant . '' ( Russell , 290-291 )
Exploring the delicious world of a lesser-known liquor .
Even in today 's more cocktail-centric world , in which quality ingredients and careful preparation are celebrated , and liquor is enjoying a wave of popularity and respect that it has n't seen since perhaps the days before Prohibition , even the best brandy still suffers from a bit of a stuffy reputation .
No more , I say ! Forget that image of an older gentleman in a robe , nestled into their arm chair in front of a roaring fire , swirling a gigantic snifter of amber liquid in their hand and taking from it the occasional sip . Brandy can be much more than that . Like whiskey or gin , Brandy comes in many varieties , each with its own subtle nuances . It can be bold and bright , subtle and warming , high proof or toned down . It can be mixed with or taken neat , and is just as happy serving as a modifier in a cocktail as taking center stage . In short , it 's a versatile , delicious liquor worthy of celebration and a place of honor in your liquor cabinet .
Great … But What Is It ?
Brandy is the distilled alcohol extracted from any fruit-based mash . A good deal of the world 's brandy is made from grapes and , indeed , the word “ brandy ” derives from the Middle Dutch “ Brantwijn ” or “ Burned [ i.e . : distilled ] Wine. ” Wine-based brandies come in two types : regular and “ pomace , ” the latter of which is distilled from the skins and peels of grapes , in addition to just the juice . This gives a different , earthier flavor to the finished product . Examples of this type include Italian grappa and South American pisco . It 's also possible to make brandies from fruits like apples , pears , cherries , and more . These fruit brandies are often called eaux-de-vie , which is French for waters of life .
Many wine-based brandies are , like whiskey , aged in oak barrels for some period of time . This gives the liquor its amber color and notes of spice , caramel , and dried fruit . Like whiskies , the aging process also increases the price . Fortunately , there are inexpensive brandies out there that are very good , and we 'll be covering a few . Brandies made from other fruits are sometimes aged ( the French apple Brandy Calvados , for example ) and sometimes not ( some pisco , most eaux-de-vie ) .
Types of Brandies
While brandy is a catch-all descriptor for this type of alcohol , there are many specific types worth mentioning . The two best-known types of brandy in the world are probably Cognac and Armagnac , both from France . These two brandies can only be produced in their respective regions , from specific grape varietals . Fine cognacs can run in the thousands of dollars for a bottle , and that 's not even getting into vintages that were distilled before the introduction of American phylloxera mites to European grape stocks utterly decimated the brandy-making world in the 1860s . Yes , you can still buy brandy from before that era … if you have ten grand or more to spend on a single bottle of booze .
Beyond the two French styles , though , there is a whole world of brandy on offer . We 're going to cover as many as we can here . As always , feel free to chime in down in the comments with further suggestions !
Cognac
Here we have the grande dame of brandies , against which all others are measured . Cognac is both a type of brandy and the region in France that produces it . It 's an aged , grape-based brandy that usually comes with a tremendous depth of flavor . Younger cognacs often present light fruit and oak notes , with older ones blooming into lots of dried fruit and spice . Cognac is usually bottled at 80 proof ( 40 % ABV ) .
By law , you ca n't make cognac outside of Cognac , and even inside Cognac you must use specific grapes , and follow specific aging restrictions . Most cognac contains a blend of brandies , and is labeled according to the period of time the youngest brandy of the bunch has spent aging in oak casks . In general the average age of the blend is much older than that of the youngest brandy , with many XOs easily reaching an average age of twenty years .
The labeling scheme is :
Very Special/Superior ( VS ) – Aged for at least two years .
Very Special/Superior Old Pale ( VSOP ) – Aged for at least four years .
Extra Old ( XO ) – Aged for at least six years . According to Wikipedia , citing the Bureau National Interprofessionnel du Cognac , this will be raised to ten years in 2016 .
Brands to Try : Courvoisier , Hennessy , Remy Martin , Hine , Camus , Martell
Suggested Cocktail : Cognac will work beautifully in any brandy-based cocktail , but it 's especially at home in one of the most venerable of the bunch , the Old-School Sazerac .
Armagnac
A little harder to find than cognac , armagnac is nonetheless available at most quality liquor stores . Like Cognac , it 's named after the region of France which produces it , and only brandies made there can legally be called armagnacs . Fruitier than its cousin early on due to a different distilling process , Armagnac transitions into caramel and toffee notes as it ages and takes on more character from the wood . Armagnac is usually bottled at 92-96 proof ( 46-48 % ABV ) .
Also Like cognac , armagnac must adhere to certain labeling requirements , with the classification built on the age of the youngest brandy in the blend . Armagnacs designated by the year of their bottling are common , and you can find many a liquor store in France with a wide selection reaching back fifty years or more .
The labeling system for armagnac is :
VS – Aged for at least two years .
VSOP – Aged for at least five years .
XO – Aged for at least six years .
Hors d'âge – This roughly translates to “ beyond age ” and is aged for at least ten years .
Brands to Try : Castarède , Cerbois Bas , Sempe , Delord
Suggested Cocktail : Armagnac pairs incredibly well with the Benedictine and Dry Vermouth found in a classic Vieux Carré .
American Brandy
American brandy , like American wine , suffered from a bad rap for a long time . Well past the time , in fact , when it had actually gotten good . No more : people know now that you can get some amazing wines from California , Oregon , and other parts of the US … and some of those wines are being distilled and aged in oak , just like their French cousins . The flavor profile of American brandy is usually similar to that of cognac , though because the Americans are free to use a wider variety of grapes , there is a broad range of possibilities .
Like Cognac , American brandies often use the VS , VSOP , and XO classifications to denote the age and quality of the liquor within , although unlike Cognac and Armagnac , those designations are not legally enforced . Because American brandies are , shall we say , not always quite so refined as their French cousins , I recommend VSOP or better . The good news : American brandy is often a fraction of the price of Cognac or Armagnac . In fact , finding any other oak-aged liquor at these prices , whiskey or brandy or otherwise , is almost impossible . E & J XO , for example , is a terrific brandy that 's on par with many VSOP Cognacs , can be had for about $ 15 at many liquor stores .
Brands to Try : E & J , Paul Masson , Christian Brothers , Korbel
Suggested Cocktail : You 'll be hard-pressed to find a better brandy-based cocktail than The Sidecar .
Brandy de Jerez
Spanish brandy , like Spanish wine ( both normal and fortified ) is often overlooked . You just do n't hear as much about Brandy de Jerez as you do about French and American brandies . That 's too bad , because the Spanish brandy-making tradition is robust and produces some unique entries , many with subtle flavors of nuts and dried fruit . You may have heard of Jerez before – it 's the region of Spain responsible for giving sherry , a fortified wine similar to port , its name . Brandy de Jerez is made using many of the same grapes and techniques that produce sherry , including the Solera technique , in which older liquids are blended continuously with newer batches to create the final product .
Like other brandies , Brandy de Jerez has a classification system . Solera has an average age of one year and is light and fruity . Solera Reserva has an average age of three years and displays more oak characteristics . Solera Gran Reserva has an average age of ten years and brings lots of dried fruits , roasted nuts , and other notes traditional in liquors long-aged in oak .
Brands to Try : Lustau , González Byass , Magno
Suggested Cocktail : The Between the Sheets , while often made with other brandies , works very well with Brandy de Jerez . The aged rum will really help bring out the brandy 's flavor .
Calvados
Calvados is a delicious French brandy distilled from fresh apples . It has a significant apple scent , but in flavor is delicate , with apple notes that combine very well with the traditional wood and caramel flavors that come from oak aging . It 's produced in the lower part of the Normandy region , in the north of the country , and its production dates back at least to the mid-sixteenth century . To qualify as Calvados , rather than eau-de-vie , the distillate must be aged in oak for a minimum of two years .
Much like seemingly everything else in France , there are many laws dictating exactly how Calvados can be labeled . In addition to certain location designations , Calvados uses age indicators similar to Cognac and Armagnac . The age on the bottle always refers to the youngest brandy in the blend , and is labeled as follows – two years : Fine , Trois étoiles , 3 Star , or Trois Pommes . Three years : Vieux or Reserve . Four years : VO , VSOP , or Vielle Réserve . Six or more years : Extra , XO , Napoléon , Hors d'Age , or Age Inconnu .
Brands to Try : Daron , Busnel , Chateau Du Breuil , Boulard
Suggested Cocktail : The Widow 's Kiss is a big , rich , decadent cocktail made with Calvados . We recommend it with fervor .
Applejack / Apple Brandy
This is Calvados 's wild , unrefined , American cousin . Originally made by repeatedly freezing hard apple cider and skimming the ice from the top , thus slowly increasing the alcohol content , it 's now most typically distilled and stored in the same manner as Calvados . Generally speaking , apple brandies ( and applejack in particular ) have a heartier apple flavor than French entries , and are a little rougher around the edges , owing in part to the fact that there 's no clear-cut grading system established .
Do n't let that frighten you , though . Applejack is inexpensive and delicious , and many American apple brandies are just as fine as Calvados .
Brands to Try : Laird 's , Clear Creek , Orchard Hill
Suggested Cocktail : The Jack Rose is a classic Applejack cocktail with a nice blend of sweet and sour that really works with the base liquor 's apple flavor .
Pisco
Pisco is a South American pomace brandy made in Chile and Peru that is often clear and occasionally light yellow . As many varieties of grape can be used in its production , and as the two countries that produce it have very different methods of doing so , Pisco has a wide range of flavors , though the majority of them have a fresh grape scent at the forefront .
Peruvian pisco is aged for as little as three months in chemically inert vessels ( i.e . : glass , metal , etc ) , and thus has none of the flavors associated with oak aging . It can not contain additives of any kind . It is bottled at distillation strength , without dilution . At its base , Peruvian Pisco resembles strong , slightly grape-scented vodka . However , some methods of creation are specifically designed to retain more flavors from the fermenting grape mash , giving the alcohol much more character .
Chilean pisco is aged in oak and can be diluted to various strengths before bottling . At the lower end of the spectrum , Chilean pisco resembles low-strength white rum , but the older and higher-alcohol variants have a great deal of flavor . The longer it 's aged , the more wood flavors it picks up , with long-aged variants coming to resemble French and American brandies , albeit with a much stronger grape flavor due to the use of grape must in the distillation .
Brands to Try : Pisco Portón , Macchu Pisco , Control C , Capel
Suggested Cocktail : The Pisco Sour is the most classic pisco cocktail you 're going to find , and the unique use of bitters makes it an interesting variant on the standard sour .
Eaux-de-Vie
If you start with fruit as a base , distill it , and bottle the result without aging it in wood for any extended period , you 've got eaux-de-vie . These typically clear ( but sometimes colored ) liquors resemble vodka with subtle fruit notes , and are often served chilled in small glasses as digestifs . Common fruits used in making eaux-de-vie include pears , apples , plums , and peaches , but other fruits may also show up .
In Germany , this type of liquor is called Schnaps , but do n't confuse that with the syrupy-sweet , heavily-flavored stuff that gets labeled “ Schnapps ” in America . They 're effectively unrelated . German Schnaps , like all other Eaux-de-Vie , are sugarless , high-proof liquors like the rest of the brandies on this list .
Brands to Try : Clear Creek , Harvest Spirits , and dozens of European brands .
Suggested Cocktail : Believe it or not , there really are n't any classic Eau de Vie cocktails out there . I recommend giving the Poire Bomb , created by Dan Chadwick , a shot :
2 oz . Pear Eau de Vie
.5 oz . Maraschino
.5 oz . Ginger Liqueur
.5 oz . Lemon Juice
1 Dash Peychaud 's Bitters
Combine all ingredients in a cocktail shaker over ice and shake thoroughly . Strain into a chilled cocktail coupe . Garnish with a pear slice .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Apple Inc ( AAPL.O ) plans to create a $ 1 billion fund to invest in U.S. companies that perform advanced manufacturing , Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said on Wednesday , the iPhone maker 's latest effort to show how it is creating U.S. jobs .
FILE PHOTO : Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as they arrives on stage to deliver their keynote address at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco , California , U.S. June 8 , 2015 . REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/File Photo
The Cupertino , California company will announce the fund 's first investment later in May , Cook said during an interview on CNBC .
Cook also said Apple plans to fund programs that could include teaching people how to write computer code to create apps , and will release more details about the effort this summer .
The announcements were the latest in a series of disclosures to highlight how Apple , the world 's largest company by market valuation , contributes to job creation in the United States . Apple came under fire from President Donald Trump during their campaign because it makes most of its products in China .
In February during the company 's annual shareholder meeting , Cook said Apple spent $ 50 billion in 2016 with its U.S. suppliers , which include firms like 3M Co ( MMM.N ) and Corning Inc ( GLW.N ) , the first time Apple has disclosed the metric .
Cook reiterated that point during the CNBC interview , along with Apple 's claim that it has created 2 million jobs in the United States , 80,000 of which are directly at Apple and the rest coming from suppliers and software developers for the company 's app ecosystem .
Apple is highlighting its U.S. presence at the same time lawmakers consider a major tax proposal by Trump that would let Apple , along with other large companies , bring back accumulated profits from overseas at potentially lower tax rates . Ninety-three percent of Apple 's $ 256.8 billion cash is held overseas .
Cook , who met with lawmakers in Washington earlier this year to discuss tax policy and technology issues , said that Apple would have to borrow the cash for its U.S. manufacturing investment fund and said they were hopeful Trump administration would address the repatriation issue .
Cook stopped short of saying Apple would bring some of its cash back into the United States if Trump 's tax proposal was enacted .
“ To invest in the United States , we have to borrow . This does n't make sense on a broad basis . So I think the administration , you saw they 're really getting this and want to bring this ( cash ) back . And I hope that comes to pass , ” Cook said in response to a question about tax reform .
A veteran Virginia legislator is proposing bills to decriminalize small amounts of marijuana and to make it available for limited medical purposes .
But Del . Harvey B. Morgan of Gloucester told a news conference Wednesday the prospects of passage are not very good . They have no co-sponsors and they do n't expect to win the support of the law enforcement community .
Under Morgan 's legislation , doctors could prescribe and pharmacists dispense medical marijuana . Virginia already has a statute on the books to allow treatment for cancer or glaucoma , but the drug can not legally be distributed .
Morgan 's bill would make possession of small amounts of marijuana a civil offense , rather than a crime , and increase the amount a person can possess without being considered a drug dealer .
©2010 The Associated Press . All rights reserved .
We started to build a new team , and there 's still a lot of work to do . So if you ask me if I 'm happy or not , the answer is probably yes , but I ca n't say for sure yet . For now , we 've started playing in LCS and playing scrims , and some days are the worst days and we 're sad but other days are good and we 're happy . But I 'm happy to work with these people because none of them are cocky and none of them have a really big ego , everyone is trying to work together , so basically it 's really good . We 're all trying to work for the same goal . Right now it feels like G2 is one step ahead of everyone , but I think we can catch up to them . I think we can beat them .
Now you can enjoy a break with a Kit Kat and a shot of Japanese rice wine all rolled into one .
Japan is well-known for its huge variety of Kit Kats , with flavours ranging from wasabi to soybean and purple sweet potato to red bean sandwich . While most are developed as regional souvenirs , representing delicacies of the area , there 's one particular variety that says “ Japan ” like no other , and appears at the top of the must-buy souvenir list for many foreign visitors : the Green Tea Kit Kat .
Nestlé Japan says the exclusive variety remains a popular choice with foreign tourists , with sales for 2015 up by 20 percent over the previous year . The product 's huge popularity encouraged the company to develop another Japan-exclusive flavour , this time based on the country 's well-known traditional brew , nihonshuu , or sake as it 's known internationally .
▼ Aimed at the foreign tourist market , the packaging features a beautiful pink sakura cherry blossom design , along with an image of the well-known liquor .
The new Kit Kats contain sake powder which has been kneaded into the white chocolate-encased wafers , giving the chocolates all the flavour and aroma of a top-quality rice wine , while providing a light and refreshing aftertaste . Available from 1 February this year , the new variety will come in three-pack boxes for 150 yen ( US $ 1.24 ) at convenience stores , while the specially designed nine-piece box will be available for 700 yen from souvenir stores around the country .
▼ The nine-piece packs feature a beautiful package in the shape of an Isshobin , or 1.8-litre sake bottle .
If you 're in Japan and would like to try a sample , Nestlé Japan will be featuring the sake Kit Kats at a booth at the upcoming Craft Sake Week event , which will be held from 5-14 February at Roppongi Hills in Tokyo .
Source : Nestlé Japan
Top Image : Nestlé Japan ( edited by RocketNews24 )
Insert Images : Amazon Japan/Kit Kat , Nestlé Japan
You may also like :
Presenting the Kit Kat Chocolatory Moleson—the first ever Kit Kat with toppings !
Talk about political schizophrenia and stepping on your message .
The GOP has been making efforts to engage black voters . Shaquille O'Neill just came out in favor of re-electing Republican New Jersey Gov . Chris Christie . Last Monday , the Republican Party announced it had opened an African-American engagement office in North Carolina that would be “ responsible for building strong and lasting relationships with black communities across North Carolina . ”
But last Wednesday , Mother Jones reported that Mississippi Republican Chris McDaniel—who is challenging incumbent U.S . Senator Thad Cochran ( R ) and is backed by the Senate Conservatives Fund and the Club for Growth—had “ addressed a neo-Confederate conference and costume ball hosted by a group that promotes the work of present-day secessionists and contends the wrong side won the ‘ war of southern independence . ' ” And , last Wednesday night , the GOP precinct chair from Buncombe County , North Carolina , Don Yelton , appeared on The Daily Show to talk about voter ID laws and voter suppression . The now-viral clip includes Yelton admitting to being called a bigot , referring to African-Americans as lazy , and saying , “ one of my best friends is black. ” ( Yelton has since resigned . )
Apparently , some members of the party that was once known as the Party of Lincoln ca n't resist acting like the Democrats of yore , back when the Democratic Party was home to secessionist Sen. John C. Calhoun and Confederate President Jefferson Davis . Outgoing Texas governor and former Republican presidential contender Rick Perry once mused about Texas 's right to secede from the Union . Last summer , an aide to Sen. Rand Paul ( R-KY ) , Jack Hunter , made headlines when it came to light that they were once known as the “ Southern Avenger , ” a radio shock jock who had made provocative comments about the Civil War and race .
America 's electoral landscape has shifted dramatically over the last quarter of a century , let alone since the Civil War . In 1988 , Democrat Mike Dukakis lost to George H.W . Bush by more than 7 points in the popular vote , even though they won 40 percent of white voters . In contrast , two dozen years later , Barack Obama was reelected after winning only 39 percent of the white vote , the largest deficit of white votes of any successful Democratic candidate , as The Washington Post 's Dan Balz notes . Obama won 80 percent of the non-white vote .
The flip side to the GOP becoming ever- and over-reliant upon white votes is the Democratic Party likely becoming a majority-minority party over the next decade . According to Emory University Political Science Professor Alan Abramowitz , “ between 1992 and 2012 , the nonwhite share of Republican voters increased from 6 % to 11 % while the nonwhite share of Democratic voters increased from 21 % to 45 % . ” Abramowitz sums it up this way : “ as the nonwhite share of the American electorate has grown in recent decades , the racial divide between the Democratic and Republican electoral coalitions has steadily increased . ”
To get a sense of where the parties are at on a micro-level , it pays to look at South Carolina , Calhoun 's home state . In the 2008 South Carolina Republican primary , whites were approximately 96 percent of the Republican primary vote . By 2012 that number inched up to 98 percent , as Newt Gingrich upset Mitt Romney .
South Carolina Democrats , too , displayed a racial divide , albeit one less pronounced . African-Americans comprised 55 percent of voters in the 2008 South Carolina Democratic primary . Still , in all fairness , South Carolina elected Republican Nikki Haley , an Asian-American , as governor , while Republican Tim Scott , an African-American , serves as senator .
Gender also plays a key role in modern America politics , and once again South Carolina helps to tell the story . In the 2008 South Carolina presidential primary , women made up more than 60 percent of Democratic primary voters , while men were 51 percent of those who cast ballots in the South Carolina Republican primary . Safe to say , it is no accident that the first woman to wield the speaker 's gavel was a Democrat , Nancy Pelosi .
In Congress , women and minorities are a majority of House Democrats , but white men make up more than 80 percent of the House Republicans . It is also not happenstance that the blow-up over the recent government shutdown felt so raw , and that there is ever less comity in Congress . As the University of Virginia 's Larry Sabato observed , “ When you have parties so divergent in views , regions , and genders , the culture wars could escalate from conventional to nuclear weapons . ”
Right now , the Republican brand is looking toxic . Among seniors and independents , the GOP 's unfavorability rating has swelled to more than 60 percent . To put this in context , just last November Mitt Romney won nearly two-thirds of voters 65 years old and up , and half of the independents .
While the shutdown may have been a great personal experience for Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) , it is an unmitigated disaster for the Republican Party . Indeed , 70 percent of white college graduates now look unfavorably on the GOP . If this trend continues , the GOP will be relegated to being little more than a regional party . Without seniors , college graduates , and independents , the Republicans are left with only ideologues , opportunists , high-end donors , and little else .
To be sure , the debate about Obamacare is about race and class , much as the president and the GOP seek to couch the discussion in buzzwords geared to the ears of their respective bases . Like it or not , Obamacare is an inter-generational and inter-demographic wealth transfer . Effectively , it is an effort to redistribute income and benefits to the core of Obama 's support in the urban slice of blue America , away from older , suburban , and rural population segments .
Obamacare 's winners and losers dovetail with the “ cross-tabs ” of the 2008 and 2012 elections . That is , younger and multicultural Americans stand to gain , while the older and wealthier stand to pay . Given these realities , antipathy from America 's taxpaying base toward Obamacare should come as no surprise , especially as Obamacare is not based on work , unlike Social Security and Medicare . Rather , Obamacare is an unearned entitlement .
That said , the secessionist impulse was and remains a political loser . It reeks of desperation and signals an inability to come to grips with modernity . Wearing a tri-cornered hat on the Washington Mall is one thing ; unfurling a Confederate Flag in front of Obama 's White House is something very different and disgraceful . The question for the Republican Party is whether it can figure this out soon enough .
Twenty years ago , critics such as Christina Hoff Sommers , Daphne Patai and Noretta Koertge , and Karen Lehrman described the bizarre “ therapeutic pedagogy ” in many women 's studies classrooms , where female students were frequently encouraged to share traumatic or intimate experiences in supportive “ safe spaces. ” Today , at many colleges , academic therapism has spread to other fields . Welcome to the age of the trigger warning .
The trigger-warning vogue began a few years ago on feminist websites , and then spread to other “ social justice ” blogs . The idea behind them is that for people who have post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , something that reminds them of the trauma can trigger painful flashbacks and panic attacks . Initially , the warnings were primarily for sexual assault and partner abuse . Eventually , on some blogs , they spread to just about everything that could be potentially upsetting to any person of politically correct sensitivities : sexism , racism , homophobia , “ ableism , ” “ victim-blaming , ” “ slut-shaming , ” “ fat-shaming , ” “ body-shaming ” and a host of other sins and oppressions . ( My personal favorite , from Melissa McEwan 's Shakesville site , is a warning for “ discussion of gender policing ” –that is , of norms dictating proper bounds of masculine and feminine behavior . How startling to find such a discussion on a feminist blog ! ) Warnings for mere references to gun violence , suicide , self-harm and various mental disorders , as well as things that trigger phobias–from spiders to small holes ( really ) –have proliferated as well .
Trigger warnings have been the subject of some controversy in the feminist blogosphere . Journalist and blogger Susannah Breslin wrote a scathing piece in 2010 ridiculing the practice as melodramatic nonsense , triggering ( pun fully intended ) a furious backlash in which they were called every name in the book , including slurs that might themselves be said to call for trigger warnings . ( Breslin also told me that for months after the controversy , they received emails from “ an unhinged woman ” telling them that they should be raped and killed . )
Now , according to a troubling report by free-lance journalist Jenny Jarvie in The New Republic , trigger warnings have arrived on college campuses . It 's difficult to tell when this trend began , but blogposts discussing the use of such warnings in the classroom go back a couple of years . In the latest development , some schools are now moving to make such warnings mandatory . On February 26 , the University of California-Santa Barbara student senate passed “ A Resolution to Mandate Warnings for Triggering Content in Academic Settings , ” asking that professors be required to give advance warnings of curriculum or discussion content that may trigger PTSD symptoms–and that students be allowed to skip “ triggering ” classes without losing points for attendance .
The UC-Santa Barbara resolution seems to be the first of its kind , but faculty guidelines recently posted on the Oberlin College website offer elaborate advice on trigger warnings . Professors are told to “ remove triggering material when it does not contribute directly to the course learning goals ” and offer an explanation for using such material if they have to . ( Sample disclaimer : “ We are reading this work in spite of the author 's racist frameworks because their work was foundational to establishing the field of anthropology , and because I think together we can challenge , deconstruct , and learn from their mistakes. ” ) Amusingly , the guidelines also caution against such wordings as “ This movie might be upsetting to some of you , ” which “ can sound patronizing ” –presumably unlike instructions on how to draw “ correct ” conclusions from problematic material . At my own alma mater , Rutgers University , the student newspaper , The Daily Targum , recently published a column by sophomore English major Philip Wythe advocating trigger warnings as “ a safety system that allows full artistic expression , as well as psychological protection for those who need it . ”
Some commenters on Jarvie 's New Republic piece defended classroom trigger warnings as a simple matter of courtesy and consideration , no more controversial than movie ratings or the warnings that precede disturbing material on television . In principle , of course , there is nothing wrong with a course instructor giving notice if some of the material students will be required to read or watch is unusually graphic or gruesome–regardless of whether the students are PTSD sufferers . ( Back in my college days , I could have used a warning for the hara-kiri scene in Yukio Mishima 's short story Patriotism , which was part of the syllabus in one of my English classes and which I imprudently decided to read over lunch in the cafeteria . )
But the traditional content warning is not linked to any specific ideology or to any assumptions about the personal experience of the target audience . By contrast , trigger warnings are rooted in the assumption that our colleges are full of walking wounded–victims/survivors of “ the rape culture , ” the violent capitalist patriarchy , and traumas that are nearly always inherently political and related to oppression . The trigger-warning mindset ostensibly encourages traumatized people to remain stuck in their fragility ; but it also cultivates entitlement and self-righteous outrage . When several students get up and walk out of a classroom because the ( female ) professor uses an analogy involving rape to illustrate the difference between correlation and causation , it is doubtful that their walkout is prompted by a debilitating fit of panic and anxiety ; moral indignation is a far more likely motive .
Jill Filipovic , a radical feminist writer and blogger who has surprisingly come out against trigger warnings in the academy–despite championing them in the blogosphere–sums it up well : “ Generalized trigger warnings are n't so much about helping people with PTSD as they are about a certain kind of performative feminism : they 're a low-stakes way to use the right language to identify yourself as conscious of social justice issues . ”
Defenders of trigger warnings see them as a way to protect student psyches while avoiding actual abridgements of speech , a compromise between censorship and laissez-faire . Yet the institutionalization of such warnings clearly promotes the idea that student sensitivities must be coddled and protected–even at the cost of letting students skip uncomfortable material–and that the classroom should be an intellectual and emotional “ safe space. ” Censorship , as Oberlin 's admonition to avoid “ triggering ” material deemed insufficiently relevant to the purpose of the course suggests , can not be far behind .
Here 's an example where the punishment does n't quite seem to fit the crime .
A Florida man was sentenced to 15 years in prison Monday for stealing a $ 4.99 box of Lucky Charms and a $ 1.59 can of evaporated milk . Remember , we said they were a cereal stealer , not a serial killer .
Last time we checked , those pots of gold and blue diamonds were made of marshmallows , not real jewels . It 's not like they kidnapped or killed the creepy little leprechaun .
The judge threw the book at Mark Anthony Griffin because they were a `` prison releasee reoffender , '' a weird way of saying they had been in jail before . The Lakeland Ledger reports Griffin was convicted in 2007 of burglary and grand theft .
Griffin is a homeless man , and while that does n't make what they did right , it 's hard to imagine that crime , which amounts to around $ 7 with tax , is worth the thousands of tax payer dollars it will take to house them in a state penal facility .
The judge who sentenced Griffin seems to agree , but said they were bound by the law to give the reoffender the mandatory minimum .
`` Personally , I think the money could have been better spent in treatment rather than incarceration for 15 years , but that is not my decision , '' Bartow Judge Donald Jacobsen said . `` It seems to me that treatment would be a far better resolution of this . ''
The Game and Meek Mill are beefing . Not everyone in hip-hop is willing to accept it though .
The Compton rapper drew first blood by calling Meek a snitch and threatened to beat them up . We later learned from TMZ that The Game had an issue with Meek allegedly naming them and their crew responsible for a jewelry robbery involving Sean Kingston at a club in Los Angeles . From there , The Game and Meek 's pettiness was shown in Instagram posts roasting each other , and third party members like Kingston and Lakers guard Nick Young felt the need to chime in .
Nipsey Hussle is the latest rapper to share their thoughts on the situation . Instead of choosing a side , Nip gives their friends some real talk , @ -ing both of them on Twitter so they get the message . “ Hip hop need to stop gassing this `` beef '' between @ thegame and @ MeekMill .... ni * * as gone sit down like men and express they difference , ” they wrote . .. Ai n't gone be no east cost west coast war . Ai n't gone be no black men killing black men . ”
“ If someone 's in tha wrong then it should be handled .... and then everyone gets bac to the money @ thegame @ MeekMill , ” they added . “ This internet shit is a divide and conquer . @ thegame u got a lot of young blac men on yo payroll . Same w @ MeekMill this is bad leadership .. ”
POST CONTINUES BELOW
The man has a point . Social media beefs really do n't end with an happily ever after . Meek clearly knows this from their ongoing issues with Drake . The Game should know this by now too ; he 's literally beefed with Young Thug , Stitches , Lil Durk , and probably more we have n't heard about yet . Maybe they should take Nipsey 's advice and dead this one like they did with their longtime rival 50 Cent and keep it moving .
Read Nipsey 's tweets below .
Hip hop need to stop gassing this `` beef '' between @ thegame and @ MeekMill .... niggas gone sit down like men and express they difference — THA GREAT ( @ NipseyHussle ) September 19 , 2016
And come to and understanding — THA GREAT ( @ NipseyHussle ) September 19 , 2016
Ai n't gone be no east cost west coast war . Ai n't gone be no black men killing black men . — THA GREAT ( @ NipseyHussle ) September 19 , 2016
Behind publicity or rap music or social pressure from the people . — THA GREAT ( @ NipseyHussle ) September 19 , 2016
To the point we can all deal w each other as real niggas w respect — THA GREAT ( @ NipseyHussle ) September 19 , 2016
If someone 's in tha wrong then it should be handled .... and then everyone gets bac to the money @ thegame @ MeekMill — THA GREAT ( @ NipseyHussle ) September 19 , 2016
Bitcoin attracts some strange bedfellows . Take , for example , the `` wet t-shirt girls , '' two otherwise nameless middle-aged women living somewhere in Southeast Asia , and their masked partner `` Mr . Anonymous . '' The three of them attempt to promote Bitcoin by creating YouTube videos featuring , well , girls in wet T-shirts .
The group 's videos have titles like `` SEXY WATER Surprise for two Cute Girls - Promoting Bitcoin Micropayments , '' and often veer into depraved and hallucinogenic territory , like someone took too much speed and cough syrup and then browsed Bitcoin forums all night . The asupervisorstioned video depicts the two women gardening to the tune of a lilting country ballad and getting a bucket of water dumped on them in slo-mo as Mr . Anonymous cackles maniacally in a disturbing , pitched-down howl .
The videos are also a way for them to collect Bitcoin donations , and so far , they 've raised a grand total of $ 20 in their quest to make the `` ultimate '' Bitcoin promotion video . Their last video upload was eight months ago , due to a lack of funds .
`` We want to do an HD video , possibly shooting machine guns , shooting dollar bills , and doing some wet T-shirt action in the jungle , or in a river ''
I talked to the trio on Skype , and the situation was about as weird and sketchy as you 'd expect . Mr . Anonymous sat in the middle wearing a black baseball cap and a Guy Fawkes mask as the two women stood on either side , their faces exposed . They opened our interview with a monologue about truth , good deeds , and `` man 's destiny '' to `` evolve with technology '' as the two girls occasionally rested their hands gently on their shoulders . I was not allowed to speak to the girls .
For your benefit , dear reader , the following interview skips the sermon and gets right to our conversation .
Motherboard : How did you all meet , and why did you decide to promote Bitcoin with wet T-shirts ?
Mr . Anonymous : I tried to make it clear in the email . Without being a truncheon-horse , we must admit that ladies in high heels and short shorts get more attention than anything else , and we like to have fun . We , as artists , ended up with this as a kind of weird alternative to anything else . There 's no answer to your question .
Did you all know each other before this project ?
Yes , we 've been together since the mid-90s .
How did you become the spokesperson for the group ?
Well , that 's just the way it is [ leans back , the wet T-shirt girls rest their hands on their shoulders in near-unison ] .
Your rhetoric is all about freedom , destiny , etcetera . What do you earnestly see as Bitcoin 's promise ?
Just an opportunity . An opportunity for humankind to do good deeds . There 's a lot of opportunity with Bitcoin , and we just want to get the message out there in a fun way . We 're learning , as we go along , ourselves , and hopefully inspiring people to get their message out there , too . Get involved . Get an opinion .
You mentioned in your email that you want to create the `` ultimate video . '' What do you want to do with your donations ?
We want to do an HD video , possibly shooting machine guns , shooting dollar bills , and doing some wet T-shirt action in the jungle , or in a river . We have lots of ideas . People love explosions , people love nice ladies . We have a lot of friends that could join us , too . Loads . It 's really up to the people . We must admit that $ 20 is not going to finance a lot of video [ laughs ] . But let me tell you what , that $ 20 feels like a million bucks because of the way it happened . No verification , no need to know who 's supporting you . I think it 's amazing that it can be done . It 's exciting , right ? It 's very exciting . People can show their support without verification . That 's an important point to make , because people want to support something , but do n't want to show their identity for that purpose . They might want to support an artist with 50 cents or a dollar .
Watch more from Motherboard : Life Inside a Chinese Bitcoin Mine
Do you all have jobs outside of this ?
We are freelance web developers and artists , currently looking for work , as always . We 've done it for many years , being freelance and self-employed for more than 15 years . That 's just how it is .
Why do you feel it 's necessary to wear a mask , while the two women next to you expose their faces ?
We do not want any focus on who is behind this , as a person , as someone who 's from a country , as someone who has an opinion . People tend to look for flaws in other people , right ? As you follow someone , you find other issues that you may not like . Maybe you 're an Apple guy , and I 'm an Android guy . Maybe you do n't like people from a certain country or something like that . We do n't want that mixed up with our message , simple as that . This is a message for humanity , this is n't about where we 're from . We 're human beings , and we could be anybody .
Can I ask a question of one of the women standing behind you ?
We have decided , for the purpose of this conversation , that I am the spokesperson . If you want to talk to the wet T-shirt girls , you can write them an email . We would like to express ourselves through our videos .
A criticism of your videos might be that they marginalize women , many of whom are struggling to be accepted in the male-dominated tech world .
We invite anyone who wishes to have fun to come join us . Of course , we 're open to discussing these issues . There 's nothing demeaning about our videos , we just want to have fun . There are a lot of angry women out there . Come join us . Have some fun .
Screengrab by the author
Would you ever appear in a video ?
Sure , anything can happen . We 're just making it up as we go along . Do you have any advice ?
I do n't think I could possibly advise you .
We are perpetual travelers . We have done what everybody is talking about doing .
And what 's that ?
That is putting actions behind our words . We are not going to support something that we do n't believe in . We are not scared of borders and other people , other opinions .
Speaking of borders , where are you in Southeast Asia ?
We do n't see how that 's important for this purpose .
Can I ask you about your accent ? British or South African ?
No , you 're way off . You 'll never guess it . I have many accents , actually .
Are you putting on an accent right now ?
It 's just which one to pick .
So what 's next for this ? Are you waiting for more donations ? Do you have any idea of what you 're going to do ?
There 's so much going on right now , right ? We have n't done much lately , but it 's been a great encouragement for you to hook up with us like this . We believe the world is black and white . A lot of people in the West are scared of anything black . They think you can make a world of everything white . You can not . The world is both black and white .
What is black and what is white ?
We have to be aware of what you could call good and evil . I do n't believe that it 's like we want to solve every problem . What do we know ? We 're learning as we go along , and we 're very excited about technology and Bitcoin , but there 's something wrong at every level . It 's looking like it could infect everything . I am asking myself , and we are asking ourselves , can humanity be lost ? Can we lose humanity ? I see Bitcoin , and we see Bitcoin , as hope for humanity . It might not be . It might be the mark of the beast , whatever . But I believe if we have enough humanity , we can use it as proof of good deeds , and proof of honest startups . Do you get that point ?
Yes , and thanks for your time .
It 's been awesome , Jordan .
As if being on a 24-hour , 7-days-a week terrorist watch was n't wearisome enough , it now looks as if several nations in Europe are actively preparing for war . For some , any whisper of war has the potential to morph into something far more catastrophic , like World War 3 . Of course , given the escalating tensions between the Russian Federation and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) , not to mention the seemingly constant military exercises by Russia , there seems ample reason for countries such as Germany and Lithuania to make preparations . But some of the prepping does not appear to be especially overt , such as Germany 's recent consideration of re-instituting conscription in order to bolster its civil defense force and the exhorting of its population to be better prepared in case of disasters . Still , Germany is not alone in its sudden interest in disaster readiness , suggesting to some that certain nations are inching their way toward World War 3 .
BBC News reported August 23 that Germany , using the possibility of future terrorist attacks like the recent spate of deadly attacks in Germany , Belgium , and France as cause for concern , is now mulling over the idea of reintroducing conscription for a ready civil defense force . Conscripts would provide support for the military in case of a national disaster , officials assert , and would have caches of food , gasoline , and even available shelter for military personnel should it become necessary .
According to German news agency DPA , conscription ended in 2011 but was never removed from Germany 's constitution , so reinstating the draft system would be a simple legislative matter . While the Cold War was going on , Germany 's conscripts had to join the military for at least 18 months . This provided the nation with the ability to quickly mobilize 495,000 soldiers if necessary . This could supplement the standing military 's numbers to about 1.2 million troops .
The debate over conscription leaked to the press just days after the government urged civilians to begin stockpiling food , water , and other necessities to be generally prepared for privations during a time of national disaster .
While there were calls of fearmongering leveled at the German government , such seemingly innocuous government maneuverings , however , had others taking notice that preparedness could mean war-readiness . To illustrate , the Daily Star pointed out the war games being played in eastern Europe and how recent headlines , such as at Inquisitr , warned that Russia had the military capability to attack and take over the Baltic States “ overnight ” and with “ no warning , ” perhaps even using its military exercises as cover . A report from the Atlantic Council warned that NATO and the West should not underestimate Russia 's willingness to place NATO at a military and diplomatic disadvantage , to go to the brink of World War 3 , much like it did when it invaded and annexed Crimea in 2014 against the protestations of most of the world .
There are several countries moving toward conscription at present , the Daily Star revealed , fueling fears that World War 3 might be closer than most realize . Sweden is considering a draft for its army . In a separate report , Daily Star recounted United Kingdom officials maintaining that war with Russia would see a quick mobilization of British troops .
Websites like MirrorSpectrum , which tend to be more conspiratorial in nature , have found a connection in Germany 's calls for civilian preparedness and that of the calls by President Barack Obama in May for Americans to do the same ( his remarks , per the White House website , came in the aftermath of severe storms and tornadoes , not to mention flooding , in Arkansas ) . Of course , as is well known , the United States is the principal member and military power in NATO , so preparing for World War 3 for one member is likely to be echoed by other members . The MirrorSpectrum alludes that there is a “ disturbing ” trend worldwide of nations talking preparedness , including a booklet produced by the United Kingdom entitled Preparing For Emergencies that advises civilians on prepping for disasters .
In a related development , Lithuania ordered 88 armored troop carriers from Germany to bolster its somewhat meager defenses , UPI reported . As one of the Baltic States , it is one of the vulnerable potential targets of the Russian Army , according to experts . The asupervisorstioned Atlantic Council report noted that the Baltic States were ill-prepared to meet a full-on onslaught by the Russian Army , predicting that Russian forces could take over their former Soviet neighbors ( Lithuania was part of the Warsaw Pact countries , effective vassal states to Union of Soviet Socialist Republics , during the Cold War ) in a matter of hours or days . In hopes of being better prepared for Russian aggression , Lithuania reinstated conscription for its army in September , according to The Guardian .
In recent weeks , the Russian military has , as reported by Inquisitr , moved armaments into Crimea , increased its troop strength on the tense Ukraine border to 40,000 , increased its airpower in the region , and created a new Task Force for the area . As often happens , when an antagonistic military power makes some type of maneuver , its counterpart is soon to follow with a matching move . But in this case , does it mean World War 3 ? Or is it all just more saber-rattling and posturing , the stirring up of invasion and war fears in a Cold War 2.0 ? Time , as they say , will tell . In the meantime , disaster preparedness in and of itself , whether or not it is done for wars or floods or power outages , is a proactive approach to the inevitability of emergency situations , regardless of if you are in Arkansas or Germany .
[ Photo by Sean Gallup / Getty Images ]
Christie 's expects volume , which shows the author refining their theory in light of new research , to fetch between £300,000 and £500,000
After eluding scholars for decades , a copy of On the Origin of Species with handwritten revisions by Charles Darwin has come to light and is due to be auctioned next month .
Christie 's has put an estimate of £300,000 to £500,000 on the annotated book , which it said will allow “ for the first time a precise reading of Darwin 's exact revisions without the veil of reconstruction and translation … [ it ] provides an insight into their working method , and documents the further development of their ideas for their ‘ big book ' . ”
Darwin 's changes were made on a complete set of loose sheets from the third edition of their masterpiece , which they sent to their German translator for inclusion in the second German edition of On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection , or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life . The alterations were then incorporated into the fourth English edition and all subsequent versions of the book , meaning they remain the definitive text of the seminal scientific work .
According to the auction house , the annotated sheets are thought to have been in the possession of the translator , HG Bronn , when they died in 1862 . They were subsequently bound , and entered the possession of Darwin 's correspondent , the German palaeontologist Melchior Neumayr . The volume has been in the hands of Neumayr 's descendants until now .
Scholars have known from Darwin 's correspondence that the annotations existed . In March 1862 they wrote , “ I should like to make a few more corrections on clean sheets of the last English Edition ” , adding in the next month : “ I have compared the sheets of the Third English Edition with the Second which was translated into German , & have marked with a pencil line all the additions & corrections … Where merely a few words have been altered I have underlined them with pencil : where a sentence has to be omitted I have marked ‘ dele ' . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Some of Charles Darwin 's annotations to On the Origin of Species . Photograph : Christie 's
But Christie 's , which is including a letter from Darwin to Neumayr in the lot , said that “ their whereabouts and even survival has remained a mystery ” .
Christie 's specialist Meg Ford said the revisions made to the text “ reflect [ ed ] Darwin 's ongoing refinement of their scientific research and thinking ” . One , in chapter 13 , on classification , “ encapsulates a discovery Darwin made while working on their book on Orchids in 1861-62 , that is , exactly at the time Darwin was marking up these printed sheets to send to Bronn ” .
The third edition reads : “ As soon as three Orchidean forms ( Monachanthus , Myanthus , and Catasetum ) , which had previously been ranked as three distinct genera , were known to be sometimes produced on the same spike , they were immediately included. ” Darwin adds in the margin : “ as remarkable variations under the same species ; but [ I ] have recently been enabled to show that they constitute the female , hermaphrodite & male forms of the same orchid . ”
Ford said : “ His work on orchids relates to their evolutionary theories by showing that orchids evolved to allow cross-fertilisation in a single plant . They are incorporating their own research ( as well as that of others elsewhere ) , in their own hand . ”
According to Christie 's , which sold a first edition of On the Origin of Species , with no annotations , for £269,000 last July , while individual pages of autograph drafts from the book “ very occasionally ” appear on the market , “ no other example of Darwin 's autograph revisions to the text are known to have been offered ” .
“ Annotated copies by them are incredibly rare , ” said Ford . “ This one really shows them engaging with their text … To have their own thoughts on a text that we know occupied them fully right up until their death is really just remarkable . This physical manifestation of a great scientist grappling with their great work is extraordinary , both in terms of its rarity , and the physical evidence of it . ”
Check out our new site Makeup Addiction
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
The Least Interesting Man in the World
add your own caption
add your own caption
i do n't always ban commenters but when i do , i call them rapist misogynistic poopyheads
A wealthy Brazilian business person stirred a wave of negative reactions when they announced on their Facebook page that they plan to bury their beloved Bentley Continental Flying Spur .
Chiquinho Scarpa , 62 , said they would bury their £310,000 ( €367,220 ) Bentley so that they would be able to drive it in the afterlife . They explained that they have taken inspiration from Egyptian Pharaohs , who were buried with their most precious belongings , and promised they would…entomb the Bentley by the end of the week ( September 21-22 ) .
They even posted photos of themselves digging a hole for the car in the yard of their São Paulo mansion , triggering a wide range of reactions on the social network website . Obviously , most of the reactions were negative towards the eccentric Scarpa , labeling them as a crazy person who wants to do something absurd instead of donating the car for charity .
However , on Friday , September 20 , the story took a very different twist , as they posted a photo of them during a press conference promoting Brazil 's national week of organ donation . With a banner behind them that read “ It 's absurd to bury something much more valuable than a Bentley : your organs ” , the business person held a card saying “ I am an organ donor . And you ? ”
It turns out everything was an ingenious publicity stunt to promote organ donation . For all those wondering whether they had buried the Bentley after all , the description of the photo explained everything :
“ I have not buried my car , but everyone thought it absurd when I said I 'd do it . It is absurd to bury their bodies , which can save many lives . Nothing is more valuable . Be a donor , tell your family ” .
Well done , Mr. Scarpa !
Photo Credits : Chiquinho Scarpa / FaceBook
Photo Gallery
Video
It has been reported that Anderson is set to miss the remainder of the campaign with a hamstring injury , although as yet , there has been no official confirmation from the Old Trafford outfit .
Sir Alex Ferguson confirmed Nani had sat out Sunday 's Premier League win over West Brom with `` bruising '' suffered during a training-ground knock , but the United manager pointedly avoided responding to an inquiry about the reason for Anderson 's absence .
With Nani currently missing , the return of Valencia is good news .
The Ecuador wide-man was in impressive form until they suffered a hamstring injury in Amsterdam four weeks ago .
As United have since assumed top spot in the Premier League , Ferguson is keen to have as many men as possible available for the run-in .
United 's 20-man travelling squad included teenager Paul Pogba , surely a further sign that the young French midfielder is ready to spurn the offer of a lucrative contract from Juventus .
Paul Scholes was there too , although whether the veteran starts are open to debate given United are 3-2 down after the home leg and face a tricky trip to relegation-threatened Wolves , who were bottom of the table when they beat Ferguson 's men at Molineux last season .
Under the circumstances , there are plenty who think Thursday 's tie is one worth sacrificing , although Ashley Young is not one of them , even if United have never recovered from a home first-leg deficit in a European knockout game .
`` It is unusual that we find ourselves in this position but there is a great team spirit here and everyone is full of confidence , '' said the winger .
`` Our form in general makes us believe we can score wherever we play .
`` Our attacking play has been fantastic of late and we believe we can score the two goals we need . ''
On the two occasions they have attempted a comeback away from Old Trafford , against Bayern Munich in 2001 and AC Milan four years later , they have lost the away leg as well .
Indeed , it is a measure of the task United are facing that it is five seasons since they overturned a first leg deficit on home soil .
That 7-1 annihilation of Roma has gone down in United folklore and victory against Bilbao will achieve similar status .
`` Our focus has not changed from the start of the season , '' said Young .
`` We want to win every competition we enter and the Europa League is no different .
`` Bilbao were an impressive team last week . They were a very attacking team , had a good team shape and at times we found them hard to break down .
`` But I am sure if we are on our game 100 per cent we can go there and get the win we need . ''
As Ferguson noted last week , winning is one thing , doing it by two goals quite another .
That is what United is likely to need though given the high-scoring nature of the first-leg , when Wayne Rooney scored twice , part of their overall 26-goal tally .
Not that Young has done too badly lately , bagging an impressive double in the win at Tottenham , then winning the penalty Rooney converted against West Brom at the weekend .
`` It is nice to be contributing , '' they said .
`` As a winger you are there to get assists and goals and that is what I have been doing .
`` Fingers crossed it can continue and we can keep winning . ''
The second-largest police force in the United States is under fire again , this time over accusations that its members routinely lie .
Federal prosecutors last month began an investigation in the Chicago Police Department following public uproar over a series of police shootings .
The probe came after a 2014 police video was released in November showing a Chicago police officer shooting a teenager armed with a knife 16 times , including nine times in the back , and following a drove of complaints lodged by city residents , particularly those in the black community .
Officer Jason Van Dyke now faces a first-degree murder charge for fatally shooting Laquan McDonald .
Five officers who witnessed Officer Van Dyke gun down Mr. McDonald indicated that they saw the teenager turn toward the officer before they were shot – video evidence shows that was n't true . The death of the 17-year-old McDonald has also brought increased scrutiny to other instances in which police officers made false reports .
In 2014 , two officers were caught suppressing evidence that could have led to the release of a man arrested for robbing a liquor store and shooting one person in the leg .
Earlier this year , after another police video emerged , four other officers were charged with perjury for falsely corroborating a story under oath about a traffic stop that uncovered a driver carrying a pound of marijuana .
In October , the Guardian launched a lawsuit against the City of Chicago that exposed a Chicago police station essentially serving as a secret “ interrogation warehouse ” where police routinely denied legal representation to the mostly African American detainees .
“ It is a systematic problem , ” said Craig Futterman , an attorney and University of Chicago Law School professor , to Salon . “ When there 's a police shooting , or when there 's an allegation of misconduct or brutality , the institutional response is to circle the wagons , denial , and cover up . ”
But the federal inquiry could change that .
Federal investigators said in December they will scrutinize claims of pervasive civil rights violations in the department as a whole , rather than against individual officers .
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the tactic would be used to improve the system through “ training , policy guidance and equipment , to be more effective , to partner with civilians and to strengthen public safety . ''
More than 20 police departments have been investigated by federal authorities during the last 20 years , a venture that has often forced municipalities and police to move toward reforms .
In May , the city of Cleveland agreed to comprehensive changes to its police force after a US Department of Justice investigation that was launched when officers shot two unarmed black men 137 times in 2012 .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Under the agreement , the federal government will use an independent observer to oversee the Cleveland Police Department and install widespread amendments to how officers use force , according to the Chicago Tribune .
`` As we move forward , it is my strong belief that as other cities across this country address and look at their police issues in their communities , they will be able to say , 'Let 's look at Cleveland because Cleveland has done it right , ' ” Frank Jackson , the city 's mayor , said .
Thinking outside the box is an attribute of creative minds and that 's exactly what you should be when considering options regarding baby cribs that passed their usage date . When your little one begins requiring their or their own room , the baby crib can be put to proper utility and not be thrown away . You can repurpose the crib into wonderful new things . Here is a list of 15 DIY projects you could mimic in your own home . A kid 's desk might be the first thing you would want to do and probably the easiest . But there are lots of other things you can repurpose your baby crib into , things like a memo board or magazine rack . A reading fort or nook for kids or a porch daybed is suitable but you can use the old crib for a new glass jar chandelier . Chalkboard easel might help your business grow just as well as a wall-mounted drying rack will help around the house . Browse through all of the projects and find the best to implement at home .
1 . Pull-a-Picnic Wagon created from an old crib
source
2 . A great use of a crib when it is no longer needed
source
3 . Easy peasy crib spring memo board
source
4 . Old Metal Crib Frame – New Photo Display
source
5 . Reading Nook
source
6 . Mini Day Bed Swing
source
Pop , crackle , hiss . No , this is n't the sound of the new b-grade Rice Crispies .
The music-buying public , deeply enamored with digital downloads , is abandoning the compact disc in droves , but one physical medium is staging a tiny comeback . Amid otherwise gloomy music sales numbers released by Nielsen this week , vinyl record sales doubled compared with the year before .
In 2008 , 1.88 million vinyl albums were purchased , more than in any other year since Nielsen SoundScan began tracking sales in 1991 . The previous record was in 2000 , when 1.5 million LP albums were sold .
Much of this was due to increased sales at independent record stores – more than two out of every three vinyl albums bought in 2008 were purchased at an independent music store .
In 2008 , Radiohead claimed top spot in the vinyl realm , both as an artist and for one of its albums . They sold 61,200 vinyl albums during the year , of which 25,800 were its In Rainbows album .
It seems as though people are gravitating towards the aesthetic value of an actual record . I for one enjoy a record 's album graphics and liner notes , but most of all I like being able to hold something in my hand that feels as though it has some sort of physical connection with the artist .
A lot of people still talk about how records sound more accurate than CD 's , attributing this as of the reasons for vinyl 's resurgence . I think this is bull . First of all , people do n't care about sound quality as much as they used to – most music is listened to in MP3 format on $ 1.99 ear buds through a 50 cent amplifier in an iPod . Second , vinyl is not more accurate , not even close . Yes , it sounds different than CD 's – that 's because of all the distortion due to the massive eq curve that must be applied to the music before it 's put on vinyl ( vinyl ca n't deal with the extreme bass or treble ) , which is then reversed when amplified . Of course the stylus and the physical medium itself create a lot of distortion themselves .
I could also talk about how the mix engineer is n't referencing the mix on vinyl . This means that listening to the music on CD format is the closest way to hear how the song was actually intended to be heard . I do , however like the sound of vinyl – it sounds warm , but airy . For some music , it imparts a great organic sound ( this is the distortion that we hear ) that I enjoy , and it might sound better in some respects , but in no way does it sound more accurate . Of course many mix engineers are applying plugins that mimic the sound of vinyl ( or tape ) to the music already .
In any case , this is a post about the vinyl industry , not a rant about misinformation about vinyl . It is indeed a happy story as far as I 'm concerned because the less virtual music becomes , the more we will actually care about it . I 'd think nothing of deleting crappy music from my hard drive , but I 'd never throw away a record .
Now , before we all throw out our iPods and go out and buy the latest Sears console record players , lets just put this into perspective : The top-selling * digital * song for 2008 was “ Bleeding Love ” from Leona Lewis , with 3.4 million units sold ( compared with 25,800 for the vinyl of In Rainbows ) , while Rihanna was the top-selling digital artist , with 9.9 million units sold ( compared to 61,200 for Radiohead 's vinyl records ) .
Even so , this still is n't going to make me go and sell my vinyl collection .
The CW has cast Stephanie Corneliussen as Valentina Vostok in multiple episodes of Legends of Tomorrow , TV Line reports . Corneliussen is hot off a breakout role in the first season of USA 's Mr . Robot .
In the DC Comics universe , Volstok was a member of the Doom Patrol as Negative Woman , before becoming the White Queen of espionage agency Checkmate .
The Legends of Tomorrow description says the character is “ a gifted and beautiful Soviet physicist who will stop at nothing to defend their precious ‘ Motherland . ' ” The time travelling Legends team will encounter Volstok during the height of the Cold War , and expect that she 's working for immortal supervillain Vandal Savage ( Casper Crump ) to develop a secret weapon . In order to stop her , the Atom ( Brandon Routh ) and Captain Cold ( Wentworth Miller ) both try to win the Volstok 's heart .
Legends of Tomorrow is slated for a midseason premiere on The CW .
Get the biggest Weekday Swansea City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Swansea City have been linked with a stunning bid to bring Joe Allen back to the Liberty Stadium , four years after they left South Wales to join Brendan Rodgers at Anfield .
A key part of the side that nearly ended Liverpool 's long wait for a Premier League title , Allen has failed to hold down a regular spot under new manager Jurgen Klopp .
Related : Swansea and Cardiff City breaking transfer news LIVE
Recent weeks have represented something of a resurgence for the diminutive midfielder , however , playing a major role over the Christmas period as an injury crisis hit the Merseyside club .
( Image : James Maloney )
Allen is thought to be determined to push for a starting spot at Anfield , but The Sun have claimed that Swansea Chairman Huw Jenkins is confident the emotional lure of returning to save their boyhood club from relegation could be enough to seal the deal .
It is reported £8 million could convince Liverpool to sell .
Allen was part of the Swansea set-up from the age of nine , and made their debut for the club under Roberto Martinez in 2007 .
They would be a key part in the revival of the South Wales club , making 127 league appearances as the Swans rose to the Premier League and cemented their place there .
Related : Swansea City boss Alan Curtis : If unthinkable happened my reputation would be in shreds
It remains to be seen whether their recent good form for Liverpool will convince Jurgen Klopp to offer the midfielder a new deal .
Allen scored a 90th minute equaliser in the 3-3 draw with Arsenal last week , while their 'no-look ' assist against Stoke turned them into an Internet sensation , dubbed the 'Welsh Pirlo ' .
If they could be persuaded to sell , however , it would be an extraordinary boost to the morale of all at the club .
Related : Liverpool FC and Wales star Joe Allen admits their future is in doubt as contract talks 'go quiet '
While at the BlackBerry 7 media event in London , we had the opportunity to meet with Vivek Bhardwaj , head of RIM software EMEA product management , for a full walk-through of the BlackBerry Torch 9860 , Bold 9900 , and Torch2 9810 . After the video walk-through , check below for some interesting statistics given at the BlackBerry 7 presentation .
httpvh : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mCO9TJ2uUhU
On a BlackBerry ? Click here for mobile YouTube video
Some stats from the BB7 event :
UK – according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry is the number one smartphone vendor and number one prepay smartphone vendor in UK in June 2011 . Over the month , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling phone in Great Britain .
– according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry is the number one smartphone vendor and number one prepay smartphone vendor in UK in June 2011 . Over the month , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling phone in Great Britain . Netherlands – according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry is the number one prepay smartphone vendor and the BlackBerry curve 8520 was the number one prepay phone in the netherlands in June 2011 .
– according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry is the number one prepay smartphone vendor and the BlackBerry curve 8520 was the number one prepay phone in the netherlands in June 2011 . Spain – according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling smartphone in june .
– according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling smartphone in june . South Africa – according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry is the number one smartphone vendor and number one contract mobile phone and smartphone vendor in south africa in june 2011 . Over the month , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 , the BlackBerry Bold 9780 , the BlackBerry Curve 9300 and the BlackBerry Torch were the four best selling smartphones in south africa .
– according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry is the number one smartphone vendor and number one contract mobile phone and smartphone vendor in south africa in june 2011 . Over the month , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 , the BlackBerry Bold 9780 , the BlackBerry Curve 9300 and the BlackBerry Torch were the four best selling smartphones in south africa . Indonesia – according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry is the number one smartphone vendor in Indonesia in June 2011 . Over the month the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling mobile phone and smartphones in Indonesia .
– according to GFK retail and Technology , BlackBerry is the number one smartphone vendor in Indonesia in June 2011 . Over the month the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling mobile phone and smartphones in Indonesia . Saudi Arabia – according to GFK retail and Technology , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling smartphone in Saudi Arabia in June 2011 .
– according to GFK retail and Technology , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling smartphone in Saudi Arabia in June 2011 . UAE – according to GFK retail and Technology , the BlackBerry Bold 9780 was the best selling smartphone in the UAE in June 2011 .
– according to GFK retail and Technology , the BlackBerry Bold 9780 was the best selling smartphone in the UAE in June 2011 . Phillipines – according to GFK retail and Technology , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling smartphone in Phillippines in June 2011 .
– according to GFK retail and Technology , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling smartphone in Phillippines in June 2011 . Thailand – according to GFK retail and Technology , the BlackBerry Curve 8520 was the best selling smartphone in Thailand in June 2011 .
According to IDC Q1 CY11 ( first quarter , calendar year 2011 ) , BlackBerry is the # 1 smartphone vendor in Latin America with 48.5 % marketshare .
Argentina – # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 52 % M/S
– # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 52 % M/S Colombia – # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 72 % M/S
– # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 72 % M/S Chile – # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 37 % M/S
– # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 37 % M/S Ecuador – # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 58 % M/S
– # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 58 % M/S Venezuela – # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 79 % M/S
– # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 79 % M/S Mexico – # 1 smartphone vendor , IDC June 2011 , 53 % M/S
Comscore ( released early June ) , in March 2011 , 6.6 million people in Canada owned smartphones , representing one thrid of the total mobile audience . BlackBerry is leading mobile smartphone with 42.0 percent share of Canadian smartphone subscribers .
ADVERTISEMENT
US adds just 38,000 jobs in May , casting doubt on summer rate hike 8:50 AM ET Fri , 3 June 2016 | 01:47
Job creation tumbled in May , with the economy adding just 38,000 positions , casting doubt on hopes for a stronger economic recovery as well as a Fed rate hike this summer .
The Labor Department also reported Friday that the headline unemployment fell to 4.7 percent . That rate does not include those who did not actively look for employment during the month or the underemployed who were working part time for economic reasons . A more encompassing rate that includes those groups held steady at 9.7 percent .
Wall Street was looking for payroll growth of 162,000 and the unemployment rate holding steady at 5.0 percent .
`` There 's one word for it , which is just shocking , '' said Dan North , chief economist at Euler Hermes North America . `` Unfortunately it does look like a trend . It 's not great news . ''
Get the market reaction here .
The disappointing report immediately clouded the possibility of a Fed rate hike in June or July .
The probability for a June move plunged to 6 percent from 21 percent before the 8:30 a.m . ET release , while July fell to 42 percent from 58 percent . September now is the next most likely date for a rate increase , with a better-than-a-coin-flip chance of 52 percent .
`` It makes it a lot tougher for the Fed , clearly . It now puts them in an awkward position of having to justify higher rates into a slowing job market , '' said David Lafferty , chief market strategist at Natixis Global Asset Management . `` I do n't think history would look very favorably on that . ''
Sunday , July 19 , 2015
The U. S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) is finalizing a rule to prohibit certain uses of chemicals that significantly contribute to climate change in favor of safer , more climate-friendly alternatives . This action responds to President Obama 's Climate Action Plan by reducing emissions of hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) , a class of potent greenhouse gases used in air-conditioning , refrigeration , and other equipment .
“ Today 's action delivers on the President 's Climate Action Plan and the administration 's commitment to acting on climate . And it is in line with steps leading businesses are already taking to reduce and replace HFCs with safer , climate-friendly alternatives , ” said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy . “ This rule will not only reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions , but also encourage greater use and development of the next generation of safer HFC alternatives . ”
In the United States , HFC emissions are expected to nearly double by 2020 and triple by 2030 . New technologies and new climate-friendly refrigerants can significantly reduce these emission increases . EPA estimates this final rule will reduce greenhouse gas emissions of 54 to 64 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent in 2025 , equal to the carbon dioxide emissions from the annual energy use of more than 5.8 million homes .
The HFCs and HFC-containing blends affected by today 's rule are used in aerosols , foam blowing , motor vehicle air conditioning , retail food refrigeration and vending machines . In many of the sectors addressed by today 's rulemaking , EPA is also approving several alternatives under its Significant New Alternatives Policy ( SNAP ) Program ; the new options offer better climate protection without harming the ozone layer .
Under the authority of the Clean Air Act and EPA 's SNAP Program , EPA reviews alternatives on an ongoing basis and issues updates to the lists of acceptable and unacceptable substitutes . Today 's rule changes the status of certain high-global warming potential ( GWP ) HFCs that were previously listed as acceptable under the SNAP Program as unacceptable in specific end uses . These changes are based on information showing other alternatives are available for the same uses that pose lower risk overall to human health and the environment .
In developing and finalizing the rule , EPA received input from industry , environmental groups and others through workshops and meetings , and reviewed more than 7,000 public comments . Based on public comment on the proposal and additional information submitted to the agency , the agency 's final rule makes a number of changes from the proposal . These include giving manufacturers the time and flexibility they need to ensure a smooth transition to safer alternatives .
Learn more about EPA 's SNAP Program and the rule : http : //www.epa.gov/ozone/snap/regulations.html .
In a mashup episode that combines the formats of The Orbital Mechanics , a great weekly spaceflight podcast , and WeMartians , Jake , Ben and David explore a variety of Mars topics . Delve in to history as we mark the 37th anniversary since Viking 2 's batteries gave out and learn about the spacecraft and its mission . Ben walks us through NASA 's new Road Map to Mars , a flight plan for SLS and Orion leading all the way to the 2030s . Then , we explore SpaceX 's Red Dragon mission and learn about the four candidate landing sites being considered when the Hawthorne-based company makes its first landing on the Red Planet in 2021 .
You 'll also hear some of the great segments from The Orbital Mechanics , like # ThisWeekSF , upcoming spaceflight events , and space news . Note : If you are already a subscriber of The Orbital Mechanics , their episode 104 will be mostly the same content with some different introductions , ie . the same episode appears in both feeds .
MIRA MESA— There are just a handful of tickets left for Green Flash Brewing Co. 's next Supper Club dinner on Monday , February 24 at 6:30 p.m . This time around , the event features Waypoint Public 's chef Amanda Baumgarten , who 'll cook up a five-course meal that includes blood sausage crostini paired with the brewery 's Treasure Chest ale and their signature Hop Head Red served alongside veal osso bucco . Tickets are $ 60 . [ EaterWire ]
DOWNTOWN— On Saturday , March 1 from noon to 4 p.m. , The Commons Bar is hosting the 6th Annual St. Baldrick 's Shave-a-Thon , with proceeds benefiting the St. Baldrick 's Foundation . A $ 10 donation at the door includes complimentary tray-passed appetizers and drink specials and a $ 20 donation includes the appetizers and drink specials , plus a T-shirt and raffle ticket . Through the month of March , The Commons Bar will also be donating $ 1 from each sale of three new speciality menu items , including spicy Guinness wings and and Irish Pancake shot , to the foundation . [ EaterWire ]
BALBOA PARK— The Speed Rack tour , a nationwide competition that highlights women in the cocktail industry and supports breast cancer research , is headed to on San Diego on Monday , March 3 at The San Diego Hall of Champions . Some of SoCal 's best female bartenders , including representatives from Sycamore Den , Seven Grand and Polite Provisions , will compete in timed heats while mixing drinks for a panel of expert judges . Tickets , which are available to the public , include cocktails and snacks from local food vendors . [ EaterWire ]
The archaeologist and broadcaster , who found fame with the Channel 4 series , has passed away aged 66
Archaeologist and broadcaster Mick Aston , who found fame with TV programme Time Team , has died aged 66 .
Close friend and former colleague Phil Harding , who also worked on the popular Channel 4 series , said they had received the news from Professor Aston 's son James .
Time Team 's official Facebook and Twitter accounts also paid tribute to the retired academic : `` It is with a very heavy heart that we 've been informed that our dear colleague Mick Aston has passed away . Our thoughts are with their family . ''
Dr Harding said that although their friend had suffered health problems , learning of their death just two weeks after talking to them on the phone for the last time had come as a shock .
`` It just seems so incredible , like a bad dream , but unfortunately this is no dream , '' the 62-year-old said . `` He was a seriously good mate and a seriously good archaeologist , a unique man . Everybody loved him , they just had a way with people . I can not believe there was anybody who disliked him , they just had such a relaxed way .
`` He had incredible knowledge and an effortless way of making archaeology accessible to people . ''
Born and raised in Oldbury in the West Midlands , Professor Aston was instantly recognisable on television for their colourful jumpers .
They lived in Somerset , and continued to take part in archaeology projects after leaving Time Team acrimoniously last year , when they accused the programme of dumbing down .
Before being named an emeritus professor at the university of Bristol and an honorary visiting professor at Exeter and Durham , they first joined the cast led by actor and presenter Tony Robinson when the show began in 1994 .
Professor Francis Pryor , who also worked with Professor Aston on the programme , paid tribute to a man who they described as `` remarkable archaeologist who could really dig '' .
They said : `` I will remember them fondly - was a warm , loving , nice man . They did very good work on original British towns which is still being built on and they were an authority on monastic church archaeology and early medieval archaeology . ''
The election of the first Baluch woman last week as the mayor of Kalat , a city in the south of Iran , was an unprecedented event in one of the most underprivileged and conservative provinces in Iran . It is a significant step which local experts believe that can inspire Baluch women to work for more rights and break boundaries that have been created by both the state and society .
Samiyeh Balochzehi , 26 , who was elected mayor by the Kalat city council , is an engineer and has a master 's degree in natural resources management from the Islamic Azad University Science and Research Branch in Tehran . A local who spoke to Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity said that Balochzehi is a widow , that their sister is on the city council and that they come from a wealthy and influential family .
The five-member city council voted unanimously for Balochzehi . The significance of the election was not lost on the president of Kalat 's city council , who , according to a local website , Baluch Press , said , “ The election of a Baluch woman can encourage local women . This could be an opportunity for all those who are , in spite of their qualifications , isolated from society . ”
Electing a female mayor is by itself a very rare event in Iran . Female mayors who are Shiite and come from the majority Persian ethnicity are extremely rare , but electing a female mayor from two distinct minority sets in Iran , the Baluch and the Sunnis , is unprecedented .
The province of Sistan-Baluchistan is situated in southeastern Iran and at 187,502 square kilometers [ 72,395 square miles , roughly the size of Washington state ] is Iran 's largest province . From the north of the province to the city of Zabol ( famous ancient city ) is the region of Sistan , whose population is mostly Persian-speaking and Shiite . The Baluch people , who speak Baluchi and are Sunni , populate the area between Zahedan and Chabahar , in the south of the province . Of the 2.6 million inhabitants of the province , approximately 65 % are Baluchi .
This province has historically suffered from political repression , economic deprivation , and has witnessed violence through terrorism from extremist Sunni groups and drug smuggling .
According to the head of the Literacy Movement Organization of Iran , in an interview with the Ghanoon newspaper , the province of Sistan-Baluchistan has the worst literacy rate for those ages 10 to 49 in Iran . The province also has the highest number of married girls under the age of 15 . According to the 2013 demographic report , in Tehran only 0.8 % of girls under the age of 15 are married . In Sistan-Baluchistan , however , the number is 2 % .
The city of Kalat stands out as being a particularly traditional and conservative area in Iran , with many societal restrictions on women . Also , according to the Criminology Center of Tehran University , there is a high level of violence against women in Sistan-Baluchistan .
However , it appears that Balochzehi has overcome these barriers . One of their acquaintances who spoke to Al-Monitor said that Baluchzehi is not like most woman from Kalat . “ She only knows how to make spaghetti and that is because as a student they have lived away from home for a long time , ” the acquaintance said , attempting to demonstrate how Balochzehi has ignored the traditional role of women in society . The acquaintance credits the support of their wealthy and influential family in allowing them to break with tradition . “ Her father is an admirable man . When their daughters were going to school , they had their complete support . ”
The support of their family will be necessary if Balochzehi is to be successful . Based on the information gathered by Al-Monitor , the municipality of Kalat , which is to be directed by Balochzehi , has no female employees . There are 16 men working at the municipality ; five of them are full-time employees and the rest are part-time .
A Baluch university professor told Al-Monitor , “ This young lady will have a difficult time given the conservative and patriarchal atmosphere of the city of Kalat and the all-male staff of the municipality . But they are lucky since , because of their father , they have powerful and influential supporters such as the local clerics and community elders . ”
Mohammad , who is from the Sarbaz area , which is part of the city of Kalat , described Kalat as “ a small city with three banks , a local administrative office , one clinic and few shops . The city works like an office . It starts in the morning , people from nearby villages come to shop , and in the evening the city shuts down . It only has about 10,000-15,000 inhabitants . ”
This Baluch citizen also believes that the new mayor has a tough road ahead : “ People of that region are very conservative , especially when it comes to women . I can not stress that enough . It is the most conservative city in Baluchistan . For example , until just a few years ago many would not allow their daughters to attend university . But thankfully the situation is improving . ”
The armed Salafi supporters of al-Qaeda , such as Jaish al-Adl , which is a branch of Jundallah , are also active in Baluchistan . From time to time there are bloody conflicts between these groups and the Iranian armed forces . These armed groups , because of their radical religious conservatism , are strongly opposed to the idea of women as active members of the public sphere .
One of Samiyeh Balochzehi 's friends , however , says that the new mayor will not back down . They told Al-Monitor , “ I asked them if they think they can succeed given the male-dominated environment that they have to work in . They responded that they do not doubt their own abilities . ”
According to local Iranian media , in their introduction ceremony , Balochzehi laid out some very modest goals . They said that they would focus on “ building parks and recreational centers for woman and children ” in addition to other restoration and renovation projects .
Even if Baluchzehi is not successful in their endeavors as mayor , however , a sociologist in Tehran who specializes in woman 's issues told Al-Monitor that Balochzehi 's new position may have a symbolic impact that can open doors for other woman . “ It will help break taboos for women , ” the sociologist told Al-Monitor . “ It will give them confidence . Baluchistan is very conservative , but we should remember that after the revolution and the Islamization of schools , more families were willing to let their children attend school and university . People like Samiyeh encourage the other educated girls to become active members of society instead of staying at home . ”
The lack of media attention , however , demonstrates how ignored this province is and how far they still have to go . News of the first female Baluch mayor was not really reflected in either the reformist or the conservative newspapers . The only media to reflect this news were the local Baluch press . A journalist working for the reformist Shargh newspaper said that they had not even heard of it until I informed him . They believed that the nuclear deal and the domestic disputes have overshadowed this unprecedented news .
Originally appeared at The Daily Sheeple
While the proliferation of flying drones has been widely reported by the media in recent years , it 's important to remember that quadcopters are just the tip of the iceberg . This technology can and will develop in strange and unexpected ways , and in the future , these devices wo n't just fly . They will crawl , swim and climb while disguised as innocuous creatures and objects .
The most recent invention in that category , is a cockroach shaped robot that was unveiled by Russian scientists earlier today . The device is about 4 inches long and can scurry around on the ground at 12 inches per second . It contains photosensitive and obstacle tracking sensors , and can operate for 20 minutes on a single charge . The researchers based the robot 's design on the Blaberus Giganteus cockroach from South America , and studied real cockroaches during its development .
The researchers say that the device will be useful for emergency services and search and rescue operations , but one must wonder why making it look like a cockroach would be necessary for that application . It turns out that they are planning to submit the device to the Russian military , which was probably their original intention . It will be able to carry a 10 gram payload , which is just enough for a miniature camera , and would make it an excellent spy robot . Or at least the potential is there . They just need to make it a tad smaller . You can see this critter in action below .
There are changes in front of and behind the camera on American Gods , Starz 's upcoming straight-to-series adaptation of Neil Gaiman 's acclaimed contemporary fantasy novel , which began shooting two weeks ago in Toronto .
One of the main roles , Mad Sweeney , will be recast after British actor Sean Harris had to pull out for personal reasons and return home . Additionally , original director of photography Brendan Glavin has been replaced with Jo Willems ( Hunger Games : Catching Fire , Mockingjay Part 1 & Part 2 , Limitless feature ) . I hear that two weeks in , the production was starting to fall behind schedule , and a move was made to try and right the ship early by making a DP change as the delay was attributed , at least in part , to the director , David Slade , and the DP , not being completely in synch . Slade has a long-standing relationship with Willems , whose first feature collaboration with Slade was the Sundance indie Hard Candy . The two also worked together on the film 30 Days of Night and the pilot for NBC series Awake .
As for Harris , I hear they only had worked the past week , filming a couple of scenes , which will be reshot once a new actor is cast .
“ Sean Harris had to leave the American Gods production for personal reasons , ” series producer FreemantleMedia Media North America said in a statement to Deadline . “ He is a very talented actor and we are sad to see them go , but we wish them well . We are currently recasting the role of Mad Sweeney . Separately , we are thrilled to welcome Jo Willems as our DP . Jo and David Slade have had a long-standing creative partnership and have collaborated on various projects . The chemistry between a director and their DP are vital and when Jo became available to join David on American Gods , we jumped at the opportunity to have them on the team . ”
The plot of American Gods posits a war brewing between old and new gods : the traditional gods of mythological roots from around the world steadily losing believers to an upstart pantheon of gods reflecting society 's modern love of money , technology , media , celebrity and drugs . Its protagonist , Shadow Moon ( Ricky Whittle ) , is an ex-con who becomes bodyguard and traveling partner to Mr. Wednesday ( Ian McShane ) , a conman who in reality is one of the older gods , on a cross-country mission to gather their forces in preparation to battle the new deities .
Mad Sweeney is a down on their luck leprechaun , who is having a hard time understanding how they lost their charm and way . Always up for a good fight , Sweeney is never deprived while in the employment of Mr. Wednesday .
Bryan Fuller and Michael Green are writers and showrunners . David Slade is directing the pilot and additional episodes . FMNA 's Craig Cegielski and Stefanie Berk are executive producing the series along with Fuller , Green , Slade and Gaiman . FremantleMedia is distributing the series worldwide .
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Recovered yet ?
Boro left it late but got the job done and moved to the top of the Championship table last night .
And it left the national reporters in attendance at the Riverside in no doubt about the division Boro will be playing in next season .
The Guardian
In the manner of a middle-distance runner making that all-important kick for the finishing line , Middlesbrough have forced their way to the front of the Championship pack .
Aitor Karanka 's side may take some stopping now but they left securing the win that lifted them to the top of the table – two points ahead of Burnley and four in front of Brighton – extremely late .
The game had entered its 94th minute when Adam Forshaw sealed it with the last kick of stoppage time , the midfielder pouncing on a loose ball in the chaotic fallout from a Stewart Downing corner and scrambling it home to send the Riverside wild .
The Sun
The North East is set to be represented in the Premier League next season after all .
Doomed Newcastle and Sunderland might be facing the prospect of life in the Championship .
But , barring another end-of-season choke , Middlesbrough will be flying the region 's flag in the top flight come August 's big kick off .
And they will certainly have earned it .
Last night 's dramatic win over Reading , thanks to Adam Forshaw 's last gasp winner , said everything you need to know about the character of Aitor Karanka 's promotion hopefuls .
The Mail
Middlesbrough moved top of the Championship last night thanks to a stoppage time strike from substitute Adam Forshaw that keeps them firmly on course for automatic promoion .
The North East club threw away their ticket to the Barclays Premier League last season after a poor run-in .
This year , however , they look determined to seal the title , and their share of of an £8billion TV deal .
The Times
The Premier League futures of Newcastle United and Sunderland look increasingly precarious but the north east seems likely to have at least one representative in the top flight next season , after Aitor Karanka 's side continued their recent upturn in form to move two points clear of Burnley , with five games remaining .
Forshaw , the substitute , poked the ball home from close range after a goalmouth scramble from Stewart Downing 's injury time corner to deny Reading a deserved point .
And what did the opposition make of it ? GetReading
Royals looked to have done enough after Simon Cox 's first goal of the season had cancelled out Emilio Nsue 's early strike .
The hosts poured forward in the second period but found Ali Al-Habsi in superb form and it looked as if the home support would go home frustrated .
But Forshaw dragged the ball home following a goalmouth scramble in the fourth minute of stoppage time to break Royals hearts and send the Riverside Stadium into delirium .
There was also deserving praise for Ali Al Habsi
A superb display and so unfortunate to be on the losing side . The Omani was always in for a busy evening but they made a number of superb saves to keep Reading level , especially when Boro surged forward time after time in the second half .
2017 's Silver Eagles Are Ready to Soar into Your Collection !
Here 's your chance to add the 2017 U.S. Silver Eagle Dollar to your collection ! 2017 marks the 31st anniversary of the Silver Eagle and also the 225th anniversary of the founding of the U.S. Mint in 1792 . Since the very first coins struck by the mint were silver , this year 's Silver Eagle marks a milestone in U.S. silver coin history .
This big silver dollar is 40mm in diameter -- larger than the famed Morgan Silver Dollar ! It also contains more silver , and at 99.9 % it 's the purest silver dollar ever struck by the mint . The quality of these Brilliant Uncirculated ( BU ) Silver Eagles are superb , with shimmering silver surfaces that highlight the classic obverse showing Lady Liberty walking toward a rising sun . This design is virtually the same as that of the Walking Liberty Half Dollar struck between 1916 and 1947 . The reverse displays a spread-winged eagle designed by John Mercanti , 12th chief engraver at the U.S. Mint .
Do n't wait for these to sell out -- stock up on these 2017 Silver Eagles today !
Buy Photo University of Wisconsin System ( Photo : Milwaukee Journal Sentinel / Mark Hoffman ) Buy Photo
University of Wisconsin System leaders will soon know whether state lawmakers will fund pay raises for employees and critical repairs to aging campuses ' buildings .
A Board of Regents meeting at UW-Milwaukee this week put the spotlight on the urban campus that aspires to hold onto its newly acquired , elite status among 115 top-tier research institutions in the nation while wrestling with concerns over lagging faculty pay and a chemistry building desperately in need of repairs .
The Legislature 's budget-writing committee last month put forward a state budget that includes $ 36 million in new funding for the UW System — $ 26.3 million of it tied to an outcomes-based funding model .
But a few key budget issues remain unresolved : whether there will be pay increases for employees and what will be included in the capital budget for renovations , repairs and replacements of campus buildings .
RELATED : Winners and losers under Walker 's performance funding plan
RELATED : UW System wants construction authority
RELATED : UW System putting off repairs , renovations — at what cost ?
The regents have asked the state to fully fund a 2 % pay increase each of the next two years , as it would for other state employees .
Historically , the UW System pays 30 % of the state pay plan . But with resident undergraduate tuition frozen the past four years — and the freeze expected to last another two years — it would cost the UW System $ 23 million to give 2 % employee raises if the state does n't pick up the whole cost , UW System President Ray Cross said .
Faculty continue to leave UW campuses in large numbers because average pay is far below that at peer institutions , several chancellors told the regents . UW-River Falls Chancellor Dean Van Galen noted that much of the quality of education depends on the ability to retain and recruit top faculty and staff .
They mentioned an outstanding chemistry professor who earned tenure there , and left last fall . Them pay went up a total of $ 6,550 during their eight years on campus— to $ 54,515 , Van Galen said . `` She went across the river , '' they said , referring to a university in Minnesota .
Last year , the provost , chief information officer , chief human relations officer , executive director of facilities and director of student life all left UW-River Falls , Van Galen said . `` Typically , for $ 15,000 to $ 20,000 pay increases . ''
NEWSLETTERS Get the NewsWatch Delivered newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Todays top news delivered to your inbox Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103 . Delivery : Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for NewsWatch Delivered Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
UW-Eau Claire Chancellor James Schmidt said their campus lost 25 tenured and tenure-track faculty to other universities last year . `` We begin to lose the soul of the university . ''
James C. Schmidt ( Photo : UW-Eau Claire )
Schmidt said that members of the local business community have become actively involved in advocating for pay increases to keep top university talent . `` I think it 's time to make that investment , '' the chancellor said . `` The UW System is a gem . ... It 's fragile . We ca n't take it for granted . ''
Federal cuts loom
Possible federal funding cuts also pose major concerns on campuses .
President Donald Trump 's proposed budget would eliminate subsidized federal loans for needy undergraduates . Those loans do n't begin to accrue interest until after students graduate .
RELATED : Trump 's budget cuts back student loan programs
Trump 's budget also proposes cuts to federal departments and agencies that support research , including elimination of the Sea Grant program .
Thirty percent of UW-Madison 's operating budget comes from federal funding , while tuition contributes 19 % and state funding is 15 % , Provost Sarah Mangelsdorf told the regents .
UWM receives grants from the Wisconsin Sea Grant program for projects related to Lake Michigan such as detection of E. coli at public beaches .
Trump additionally has proposed a 31 % funding cut to the Environmental Protection Agency , which provides grants for examining the effects of contaminants on fish larva , sewage contamination of the Milwaukee estuary , and other projects .
Read or Share this story : http : //jsonl.in/2scDavt
This 1991 Nissan Cedric Gran Turismo Ultima was recently imported from Japan by the seller and shows 78,761 kilometers ( ~49k miles ) . This example is equipped with the range-topping 3.0L turbocharged V6 , an automatic transmission , and HICAS four wheel steering . Included import documentation indicates this example had just one owner in Japan before coming to Maryland with the seller in November 2016 . Modifications are reportedly limited to period-appropriate alloy wheels and an aftermarket stereo . This Nissan is sold with a clean Maryland title in the seller 's name .
The car is outwardly stock apart from a set of 16″ multi-piece wheels , and the seller has not found evidence of any previous accident repair or paintwork . The lighting is stock , and equipment includes four wheel disc brakes , ABS , four wheel steering , and independent suspension at all four corners .
An aftermarket stereo is fitted , though the cabin is otherwise unmodified . Piano black trim on the center stack remains free of cracks .
The cloth seats appear to have held up well for their age in the included photos . All of the interior systems are said to work correctly , including the A/C .
The turbocharged 3.0 liter VG30DET V6 produced 255 horsepower when new . Service records are not available , though the seller notes that all of the fluids are clean , the front brakes appear new , and that the previous owner appears to have done a good job keeping up on maintenance .
Per the seller this Cedric feels quite quick for a full size sedan . Provided underbody pictures show the floors , rear multi-link suspension and HICAS steering linkage setup . The seller has provided a walkaround video , attached below .
In the first nine months of 2013 , white men dominated the guest lists on the broadcast network Sunday shows and CNN 's State of the Union . MSNBC was the only network achieving notable diversity in its guests , particularly on Melissa Harris-Perry 's show . Republicans and conservatives are hosted significantly more on the broadcast Sunday shows than Democrats and progressives .
Media Matters has continued its monitoring of the Sunday morning talk shows on broadcast and cable networks . Following up on our previous studies , we 've added data for July , August , and September to the existing data collected for the first six months of this year on ABC 's This Week with George Stephanopoulos , CBS ' Face the Nation , Fox Broadcasting Co. 's Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace , NBC 's Meet the Press , CNN 's State of the Union with Candy Crowley , and MSNBC 's Up with Steve Kornacki and Melissa Harris-Perry . Unless otherwise specified all charts and analysis below are based on the full nine months of data .
The White Male Stranglehold On The Sunday Shows
White Men Still Represent The Largest Proportion Of Guests Except On Melissa Harris-Perry . Six of the seven shows analyzed -- This Week , Face the Nation , Fox News Sunday , Meet the Press , State of the Union , and Up -- have hosted white men at a significantly higher rate than their 31 percent portion of the population . Melissa Harris-Perry provided the greatest diversity among guests , providing a much higher rate of white women and African-American guests than the other programs ; Up also hosted a higher percentage of people from those demographics than CNN or the broadcast programs . Latino , Asian-American , and Middle Eastern guests have been largely absent from the Sunday shows . Native Americans fared even worse , with only two appearances ( one on Melissa Harris-Perry and one on Up ) out of a total of 2,436 appearances over the nine-month period studied .
White Men Were An Even Larger Proportion Of Solo Interviews . On the broadcast Sunday shows and CNN , white men were most often hosted for one-on-one interviews by a significant margin . 75 percent of Face the Nation and Fox News Sunday solo interview subjects were white men . Once again , only Melissa Harris-Perry demonstrated any reasonable diversity in this measure . Guests who were Latino , Asian-American , or Middle Eastern were hardly present at all . No Native American has received a one-on-one interview this year . Up did not have enough solo interviews in the period studied to be included in the comparison .
White Men Still Overrepresented On Broadcast And CNN . When compared to U.S. Census data , white men on broadcast and CNN were hosted signficantly more than their representation in the general population . Only MSNBC had guest proportions more closely matching the census data .
Gender Diversity Still Abysmal On Broadcast And CNN . Our data shows little difference between gender representation over the last three months and over the year . MSNBC , to its credit , has hosted women at a much closer parity to men than the other networks .
Ethnic Diversity Improved Over The Course Of The Year . While the first three months of 2013 were particularly problematic for broadcast and CNN , This Week , Face the Nation , Fox News Sunday , and Meet the Press have made marginal improvements over the last three months , where the proportion of white guests dropped slightly from 85 percent in the second quarter to 80 percent in the third quarter . State of the Union , though , has made significant improvements over the last six months , dropping the proportion of white guests from 83 percent in the first quarter to 64 percent in the third quarter . MSNBC continued to provide the most ethnically diverse programming in the period studied .
Broadcast Networks Continued To Host A Majority Of White Men . While dropping slightly from 66 percent to 62 percent between the first and third quarters of 2013 , the proportion of white men on broadcast continued to be significantly higher than the proportion of all other guests . CNN maintained its improvement from quarters one to two , with its split between white men and all other guests being about equal . And MSNBC was still the best performing network as far as gender and ethnicity diversity in this measure , with only 31 percent of guests -- the same proportion of white men in the U.S. Census data -- being white men in the third quarter of 2013 .
The Conservative Advantage On The Sunday Shows
White , Conservative Men Still Made Up The Largest Proportion Of All Guests . White , conservative men were hosted on the Sunday shows more than any other demographic by a large margin . Twenty-eight percent of guests were white , conservative men . The next largest group -- white , neutral men -- were only 19 percent of guests by comparison .
White , Conservative Men Were An Even Larger Proportion of Solo Interviews . More than one-third of all solo interviews were with a white , conservative man . The next largest group -- white , progressive men -- were only hosted about one-fifth of the time .
Broadcast Sunday Shows Still Hosted A Republican And Conservative Majority . The data collected over the last three months was very similar to the data collected during the entire nine-month period studied . Overall , Republicans and conservatives enjoyed a significant advantage on Fox News Sunday and slight advantages on Face the Nation and Meet the Press .
Panels Still Likely To Host More Conservatives Than Progressives . During segments with two or more guests , all four broadcast Sunday shows were more likely to have Republicans and conservatives outnumber their Democratic and progressive counterparts . Fox News Sunday 's panel disparity was particularly striking , with 44 percent of all panels tilting right and only 4 percent tilting left .
Elected And Administration Guests More Likely To Be Republicans Than Democrats . Representatives , senators , governors , members of the President 's administration , and other elected officials hosted on the broadcast Sunday shows were more likely to be Republican . On Fox News Sunday and Face the Nation , Republicans outnumbered Democrats -- significantly so on Fox News Sunday . Meet the Press hosted nearly the same number of Democrats and Republicans while This Week was the only show to host more Democrats .
Conservative Journalists Outnumber Progressives On Broadcast . Again , Fox News Sunday was particularly egregious , with 46 percent of all journalists being conservative while only 16 percent were progressive . Conservative journalists led on This Week ( 22 percent to 12 percent ) , Meet the Press ( 21 percent to 13 percent ) , and Face the Nation ( 7 percent to 1 percent ) .
Republicans And Conservatives Received More Time During Solo Interviews . On three of the broadcast shows -- Face the Nation , Fox News Sunday , and Meet the Press -- Republicans and conservatives received more time than Democrats and progressives for one-on-one interviews . Again , Fox News Sunday 's disparity was particularly striking : 60 percent of time spent on solo interviews went to Republicans and conservatives while only 19 percent went to Democrats and progressives .
Republican Elected Guests Received More Time During Solo Interviews Than Democratic Elected And Administration Guests . While not as pronounced as all solo interview guests , a similar disparity was present for elected and administration guests ' solo interview time . Again , on Fox News Sunday , Face the Nation , and Meet the Press , Republicans received more time for solo interviews than Democrats , with Fox News Sunday still having the largest disparity of any broadcast show .
Ranked By Time Received , Seven Of The Top Ten Guests For Solo Interviews Were Republicans . Senator John McCain ( R-AZ ) led with more than two and a half hours of time received for their solo interviews , which numbered 17 in total , much more than any other guest in the full nine-month period studied . The top Democrat in this ranking was White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough , who received nearly an hour less time than McCain for solo interviews .
Guest Alignment Number Of Solo Interviews Total Time ( H : M : S ) John McCain R 17 2:33:15 Rand Paul R 11 1:46:34 Denis McDonough D 9 1:39:33 Paul Ryan R 6 1:17:34 Dan Pfeiffer D 7 1:14:32 Mike Rogers R 10 1:11:43 Marco Rubio R 6 1:10:25 Ted Cruz R 6 1:07:18 Mitch McConnell R 6 1:04:50 Nancy Pelosi D 6 1:00:47
Methodology
We reviewed every edition of ABC 's This Week with George Stephanopoulos , CBS ' Face The Nation , NBC 's Meet The Press , Fox Broadcasting Co. 's Fox News Sunday , CNN 's State of the Union with Candy Crowley , and the Sunday editions of MSNBC 's Up with Steve Kornacki ( previously Up with Chris Hayes prior to April 13 , 2013 ) and Melissa Harris-Perry during the first nine months of 2013 . Guest appearances for all seven programs were coded for gender and ethnicity . Guests appearing on the four broadcast networks were also coded for whether they appeared in solo interviews or as part of a panel ; whether they were journalists , administration officials , or elected officials ; and for their partisanship or ideology .
These classifications do not represent an analysis of what guests actually said when they appeared on a show on a given date . Coding each guest 's comments for their ideological slant would have introduced enormous difficulties and opportunities for subjectivity . Instead , we simply classified guests based on their own ideological self-identification or public affiliation with an openly partisan or ideological organization or institution .
In the vast majority of cases , guests are clearly identifiable by their party or ideology ( or as having none ) . Of course , in a few instances , these decisions were not as simple to make . We therefore constructed rules that could be applied as strictly as possible . Where a guest 's identification was in question , Media Matters chose to err on the side of listing that guest toward the left .
Following are some of the principal rules coders employed in classifying guests :
The party designations ( Democratic and Republican ) are reserved for current and former officeholders , candidates , campaign staff , political consultants associated with one party or the other , and administration officials . All others are labeled conservative , progressive , or neutral .
The neutral category does not necessarily imply strict ideological neutrality but , rather , might better be understood as neutral/centrist/nonpartisan -- we use the term `` neutral '' for the sake of brevity .
When guests served in both Republican and Democratic administrations in the past , they were coded as neutral barring any compelling reason to do otherwise . In a few cases , however , a former official who had served under presidents from both parties became clearly identified with one ideology and were coded accordingly .
Our `` Journalist '' classification applies not only to daily reporters but also to opinion columnists , magazine writers , etc .
In the case of foreign officials and journalists , we labeled all as neutral -- even though the political ideology of some might be identifiable -- to avoid the need to analyze the politics of other countries . Foreign nationals were also excluded from the diversity analysis .
Active duty members of the armed forces were classified as members of the Obama administration . Retired officers were coded as neutral absent any other affiliation .
Charts by Oliver Willis .
Women 's team success inspires younger generation to take up bat and ball , making it one of the fastest growing team sports for female players
The ball zips across the turf and pops over the boundary rope . A 13-year-old girl 's fist bumps that of their batting partner to celebrate reaching 50 runs among the cherry blossom and dry stone walls of a cricket ground in Wiltshire .
Cricket memories : your photos and experiences Read more
It is the sort of cheerful scene that will be repeated across the UK this summer as an increasing number of girls take up a game that was once the preserve of their brothers and fathers .
Cricket is one of the fastest growing team sports for girls in Britain . Over the past 15 years the number of clubs offering cricket to girls and women has increased from fewer than 100 to more than 600 . All 39 county cricket boards will field girls teams in age groups from under-11 to under-17 this season .
Since 2005 a million girls in more than 7,000 state schools have been given access to the sport via a scheme called Chance to Shine , and many hundreds of private schools are promoting cricket as a key summer sport .
A survey of grassroots participation by the England and Wales Cricket Board of grassroots participation revealed that more than 59,000 women and girls over the age of 14 played cricket in 2014 .
But that figure already feels out of date to those involved in the game : cricket clubs this season are reporting a huge increase in the number of girls signing up . Tens or even hundreds of thousands of girls under the age of 14 can be added to the total .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Nearly 60,000 women and girls over the age of 14 played cricket in 2014 . Photograph : Adrian Sherratt
The change has been rapid . “ I was desperate to play at school but I just did n't have the chance , ” said Sarah Ginn , 34 , who now coaches under-13 and under-17 girls in Warwickshire . “ I had to play rounders or tennis . They let me play sometimes when they were short but it was very frustrating . ”
They finally took up the game at university and after graduating set up women 's and girls ' teams in south Wales . At first they encountered some scepticism and patronising attitudes . But that changed when clubs realised the female players were serious . “ It 's much more positive now . ”
Cricket , Ginn argues , is a brilliant game for girls . The nature of the sport – with , ideally , plenty of time off while your side is batting – means it is sociable . The need to field together as a unit makes for great camaraderie . “ And you do n't just have to play hard-ball cricket . There are chances to play with a softer ball and in various formats . ”
It helps that the England team , which turned professional last year , is doing well . It is the current holder of the women 's Ashes and has high hopes of retaining the trophy when the Australians tour England this summer . A further plus point is that Sky Sports will screen every ball of the 2015 Ashes series .
Kate Cross , a 23-year-old England women 's team fast bowler and Ashes winner , grew up playing with the boys and at Heywood Cricket Club in Lancashire . They relished the challenge . “ I started when I was eight . It suited me to play with the boys . You have to learn the hard way when someone is bowling at you fast or hitting it all over the place. ” But they also accept that many girls do better if they train and play away from the boys .
Cross made a bit of cricketing history in April when they became the first woman to play for the club in the highly competitive Central Lancashire League . They took three wickets – and would have had one more had one of those boys they grew up with , their brother Bobby , not dropped a catch off their bowling .
Kate Cross ( @ katecross16 ) One for the Cross family photo album . My brother dropping a catch off my bowling today . Pictures paint 1000 words ! 🙈 pic.twitter.com/98SghMG5A6
Clare Connor , a former England women 's captain and now head of women 's cricket at the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) , said the plan was to “ normalise ” girls ' and women 's cricket . “ Not all the girls want to muck in and play with the boys . We want to give girls the chance to play with girls and for that to be a normal part of the game . ”
Some of the best girls ' teams are to be found in traditional cricketing hotbeds such as Yorkshire , Lancashire , Kent and Sussex . But other counties that do not have first class – top level – sides such as Devon and Berkshire have been quick to spot the potential in girls ' cricket and have developed excellent programmes .
There are challenges . The ECB plans to do much more to encourage more girls from Asian communities into the game – something the England men 's system is wrestling with despite the huge love of the sport in India , Pakistan and other south Asian countries . The Muslim Women 's Sports Association is among the organisations Connor 's team is planning to do more work with .
And Connor says there are still places that are resisting the revolution . “ There are conservative attitudes in all sports but especially in sports like cricket that were perceived to be the domain of male teams . But you ca n't just appeal to half the population . You have to promote the game to everyone . ”
Yvonne Clarke has been stripped of their Miss TT/Universe title .
In a surprising move on Tuesday morning , the Miss Universe franchise holder , Jenny Douglas , issued a statement advising that Clarke has been disqualified .
`` The Miss Universe T & T committee has voted unanimously to disqualify Miss Yvonne Clarke from representing Trinidad and Tobago in this year 's Miss Universe 2017 Pageant competition , '' the statement said .
The statement said the decision was made because Clarke violated a contract they signed under the local leg of the Miss Universe T & T franchise .
`` We are saddened by this turn of events however we have to maintain our strict contractual agreements . We will , however , make sure another suitable representative will go and who will abide by the Miss Universe T & T rules and regulations under their contractual agreement , '' the statement said .
Clarke was notified of their dismissal via email this morning .
Clarke 's disqualification comes on the heels of news that the beauty queen was left on their own to prepare for the Miss Universe pageant in Las Vegas .
They were introduced to soca artist Fay-Ann Lyons while seeking assistance to prepare for the event .
Loop spoke to Lyons who said when they met Clarke , they said they needed assistance to purchase their ticket to fly to Las Vegas . In talking to her , I asked if they were prepped and ready and they started to cry and said they have nothing . We had to give them the money for their visa…nothing was organised for this girl , '' said Lyons .
Lyons said they and their husband , Bunji Garlin , arranged sponsorship from some of their friends , including Dwayne Bravo and arranged for celebrity hairstylist Neal Farinah to do them hair .
They said media and transportation were arranged for Clarke when they arrived in LA .
Lyons said when they asked Douglas for Clarke 's contract they were called a gangster .
Lyons held a press conference on Tuesday with Clarke to shed further light on the situation .
The pageant 's Facebook page later announced runner-up Martrecia Alleyne as the country 's new delegate .
Should You Date Women Who Do n't Have Friends ?
Is It Ever OK To Date
Women With No Friends ?
Page 1 of 2
You 've been dating them for weeks , maybe even months , and you 've gradually begun to realize one very important and potentially awkward fact about her : They have no friends , or at least , very few of them .
There are many possible reasons for a woman 's lack of a posse — some good and some bad — but before you freak out and question their status as a nerd or an outcast , consider this : Depending on the reasons for it , their lack of friends can work for or against you . But the real question is : Should you date women who do n't have friends ?
Below are five points that will clarify why they might not be heading out with the girls every Friday night , as well as some clever suggestions on how to handle it . With these tips , you should be in great shape to keep the situation under control , and most importantly , minimize the negative effects that their lack of a social life will have on your relationship . Women are hard to understand , and women who do n't have friends can be even more complicated .
1- They are a loner
If they are used to hanging out on their own , then it is unlikely that they will ever become dependent on you or even needy . Want to go out with the boys ? No problem . Want a day on your own to watch sports in your pajamas ? They wo n't care .
Con : If they spend much of their time on their own , they may have intimacy issues . This might not bother you at the beginning , when you are basking in the glory of endless nights out with your posse , but when it comes to finally making a commitment , they may be a little wearying .
2- They recently moved to your city
This is probably the least worrisome reason for their lack of friends , both because it is temporary and it has absolutely no bearing on their personality . It may even work in your favor : If they do n't know too many people in the city , she 'll have lots of time to spend with you .
Con : Until they meet new people to fill their needs and schedule , they may become dependent on you . For you , this will mean some hand-holding and emotional support until they find the friends that she 's looking for .
3- They do n't get along with other girls
If they are more accustomed to communicating with guys than girls , she 'll probably get along well with your buddies . So , you do n't have to worry about inviting the guys over for pizza and the game , because they most likely wo n't mind hanging out with them .
As we explore more pros and cons of women who do n't have friends , we hope you 'll find a reason to go all-in or stay away ...
WASHINGTON — Donald Trump has full confidence in their new FBI director despite a series of attacks on the impartiality of their soon-to-retire deputy , a presidential adviser said Sunday .
Trump is “ very pleased ” with Director Chris Wray and “ the changes that are taking place , ” White House legislative affairs director Marc Short told “ Fox News Sunday ” as Trump continued to assail Deputy Director Andrew McCabe , who plans to retire from the bureau next year .
McCabe 's supervision of the FBI 's investigation into Hillary Clinton 's email practices came under scrutiny because their wife 's Senate campaign received contributions from Clinton-ally Terry McAuliffe 's political action committee . The president and congressional Republicans have seized on that as a sign of anti-Trump bias in FBI leadership .
But , asked if Trump is telling Wray to “ clean house , ” Short said only : “ I think they have full confidence in Chris Wray . ”
Trump 's frequent and blistering attacks on the nation 's premier law enforcement agency have proven a tough challenge for Wray , who took the reins in August after Trump fired James Comey as they were leading the bureau 's probe into possible Trump campaign ties to Russia during the 2016 presidential election . Wray aggressively defended the bureau against Trump 's claims its reputation was “ in tatters . ”
But it 's less common for a deputy director to be in the spotlight .
McCabe , a lawyer by training , was a fast-rising leader within the FBI . They were the assistant director in charge of the FBI 's counterterrorism division at the time of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing , later ascending to executive assistant director of the national security branch and moving on to lead the Washington field office , one of the bureau 's largest and most prominent offices .
They were named deputy director by Comey in early 2016 .
READ NEXT : Wray installed as FBI director , replacing fired Comey .
Yet they became entangled in presidential politics with the October 2016 revelation that their wife 's state Senate campaign had received contributions from McAuliffe 's political action committee . Though the FBI said that McCabe had consulted beforehand with ethics experts , and was not at the time of the donations in a supervisory role in the Clinton email investigation , Trump nonetheless was able to use the contributions in the final days of the campaign — and as president — to attack FBI leadership as biased against him .
The Justice Department 's inspector general 's office has been scrutinizing the FBI 's handling of the Clinton email case , including McCabe 's actions .
“ When we put all of our faith and our confidence in the Department of Justice and the FBI knowing that there should be no bias there , ( Trump ) is making the point that we need to be sure there 's no bias , ” Short said .
READ NEXT : Sanders says there is no conflict between Trump and FBI Director Wray .
Trump 's personal attacks against McCabe have continued even though McCabe could ostensibly be in a position to corroborate concerns about the president 's conduct that Comey has said they raised internally with senior leadership . Trump tweeted over the weekend about McCabe 's wife 's campaign being given money by “ Clinton Puppets ” and seemed to gloat about McCabe 's departure .
It was broadly known within the FBI that McCabe was eligible to retire this coming spring . It is standard for FBI officials to leave the bureau for new opportunities upon becoming retirement-eligible , and it was widely expected that McCabe — independent of the criticism from Trump — would retire to give the new FBI director a chance to select their own No . 2 .
As for McCabe , Short said , “ We wish them well . ”
Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this report .
WASHINGTON , DC , March 20 , 2013 ( ENS ) – Over the past four years , the state of America 's infrastructure has improved from a grade of D to D+ but a spending shortfall of $ 1.6 trillion is anticipated by 2020 , the American Society of Civil Engineers warns in its new report card .
The ASCE report , issued Tuesday , covers aviation , bridges , dams , drinking water , energy , hazardous waste , inland waterways , levees , ports , public parks and recreation , rail , roads , schools , solid waste , transit , and wastewater .
For the first time since ASCE started producing Report Cards in 1998 , the grades rose overall and rose in several sectors . Final grades were assigned based on capacity to meet future demand , condition , funding , future needs , operation and maintenance , public safety , resilience , and innovation .
The ASCE estimates that the United States needs to invest $ 3.6 trillion by 2020 across the entire 16 sectors . Currently , only about $ 2 trillion in infrastructure spending is projected , leaving an estimated shortfall of roughly $ 1.6 trillion .
“ A D+ is simply unacceptable for anyone serious about strengthening our nation 's economy . We 're investing in infrastructure ; we 're just not investing enough , ” said ASCE President Gregory DiLoreto , chief executive officer with the Tulatin Valley Water District in Oregon .
“ As civil engineers , ASCE believes that we are the flight attendants of infrastructure – we designed it , we built it , and we actually oversee the operations and maintenance of it in many cases , ” said DiLoreto . “ The reason why we want to make improvements to our infrastructure is not just simply to improve the grade . Investment in our infrastructure will help grow our economy ; it will create jobs and improve our quality of life . ”
“ It means being able to get to work easier without sitting in traffic all day long , ” they said , “ and continuing to enjoy safe , clean and reliable drinking water anywhere in the country ; and having an electrical transmission grid with fewer or no blackouts . ”
The 2013 grades ranged from a high of B- for solid waste to a low of D- for inland waterways and levees .
The condition of solid waste , drinking water , wastewater , roads , and bridges all saw incremental improvements , and rail jumped from a C- to a C+ . No categories saw a decline in grade this year .
Summarizing its assessment of water and environment infrastructure , the ASCE report states :
Dams : Dams again earned a grade of D. The average age of the 84,000 dams in the country is 52 years old . The nation 's dams are aging and the number of high-hazard dams is on the rise – to nearly 14,000 in 2012 . The number of deficient dams is currently more than 4,000 . The Association of State Dam Safety Officials estimates that it will require an investment of $ 21 billion to repair these aging , yet critical , high-hazard dams .
Drinking Water : The grade for drinking water improved slightly to a D. Much of our drinking water infrastructure is nearing the end of its useful life . There are an estimated 240,000 water main breaks per year in the United States . Assuming every pipe would need to be replaced , the cost over the coming decades could reach more than $ 1 trillion , according to the American Water Works Association . The quality of drinking water in the United States remains universally high , however . Even though pipes and mains are frequently more than 100 years old and in need of replacement , outbreaks of disease attributable to drinking water are rare .
Hazardous Waste : The grade for hazardous waste remained unchanged at a D although there has been undeniable success in the cleanup of the nation 's hazardous waste and brownfields sites . Annual funding for Superfund site cleanup is estimated to be as much as $ 500 million short of what is needed , and 1,280 sites remain on the National Priorities List with an unknown number of potential sites yet to be identified . More than 400,000 brownfields sites await cleanup and redevelopment . The Environmental Protection Agency estimates that one in four Americans lives within three miles of a hazardous waste site .
Levees : Levees again earned a near failing grade of D- in 2013 . The nation 's estimated 100,000 miles of levees can be found in all 50 states and the District of Columbia . The country has yet to establish a National Levee Safety Program . Public safety remains at risk from these aging structures , and the cost to repair or rehabilitate these levees is roughly estimated to be $ 100 billion by the National Committee on Levee Safety . However , the return on investment is clear – as levees helped in the prevention of more than $ 141 billion in flood damages in 2011 .
Solid Waste : The grade for solid waste improved in 2013 , and it earned the highest grade of B- . In 2010 , Americans generated 250 million tons of trash . Of that , 85 million tons were recycled or composted . This represents a 34 percent recycling rate , more than double the 14.5 percent in 1980 . Per capita generation rates of waste have been steady over the past 20 years and have even begun to show signs of decline in the past several years .
Wastewater : The grade for wastewater improved slightly to a D. Capital investment needs for the nation 's wastewater and stormwater systems are estimated to total $ 298 billion over the next 20 years . Pipes represent three-quarters of total needs . Fixing and expanding the pipes will address sanitary sewer overflows and combined sewer overflows . In recent years , capital needs for the treatment plants comprise about 15 percent to 20 percent of total needs , but will likely increase due to new regulatory requirements . Stormwater needs , while growing , are still small compared with sanitary pipes and treatment plants .
Energy : The grade for energy remained a D+ . America relies on an aging electrical grid and pipeline distribution systems , some of which originated in the 1880s . Investment in power transmission has increased since 2005 , but ongoing permitting issues , weather events , and limited maintenance have contributed to an increasing number of failures and power interruptions . Although about 17,000 miles of additional high-voltage transmission lines and significant oil and gas pipelines are planned over the next five years , permitting and siting issues threaten their completion .
Public Parks and Recreation : The grade for parks remained unchanged at a C- . The popularity of parks and outdoor recreation areas in the United States continues to grow , with over 140 million Americans making use of these facilities a part of their daily lives . These activities contribute $ 646 billion to the nation 's economy , supporting 6.1 million jobs . Yet states and localities struggle to provide these benefits for parks amid flat and declining budgets , reporting an estimated $ 18.5 billion in unmet needs in 2011 . The National Park Service estimates its maintenance backlog at $ 11 billion .
Summarizing its assessment of transportation infrastructure , the ASCE report states :
Aviation : Aviation again earned a D. Despite the recent recession , commercial flights were about 33 million higher in number in 2011 than in 2000 , stretching the system 's ability to meet the needs of the nation 's economy . The Federal Aviation Administration estimates that the national cost of airport congestion and delays was almost $ 22 billion in 2012 . If current federal funding levels are maintained , the FAA anticipates that the cost of congestion and delays to the economy will rise from $ 34 billion in 2020 to $ 63 billion by 2040 .
Bridges : With the overall number of structurally deficient bridges trending downward , this grade improved to C+ . Over 200 million trips are taken daily across deficient bridges in the nation 's 102 largest metropolitan regions . In total , one in nine of the nation 's bridges are rated as structurally deficient , while the average age of the nation 's 607,380 bridges is currently 42 years . The Federal Highway Administration estimates that to eliminate the nation 's bridge backlog by 2028 , we would need to invest $ 20.5 billion annually , while only $ 12.8 billion is being spent currently .
Inland Waterways : Inland waterways received a D- grade once again as conditions remain poor and investment levels remain stagnant . While they carry the equivalent of about 51 million truck trips each year , the inland waterways system has not been updated since the 1950s , and more than half of the locks are over 50 years old . Barges are stopped for hours each day with unscheduled delays , preventing goods from getting to market and driving up costs . There is an average of 52 service interruptions a day throughout the system . Projects to repair and replace aging locks and dredge channels take decades to approve and complete .
Ports : This new category for 2013 debuted with a grade of C. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers estimates that more than 95 percent by volume of overseas trade produced or consumed by the United States moves through our ports . While port authorities and their private sector partners have planned over $ 46 billion in capital improvements from now until 2016 , federal funding has declined for navigable waterways and landside freight connections .
Rail : With high ridership and greater investment in the system , the rail grade was the most improved , moving up to a C+ . Railroads are experiencing a competitive resurgence as both an energy-efficient freight transportation option and a viable city-to-city passenger service . In 2012 , Amtrak recorded its highest year of ridership with 31.2 million passengers , almost doubling ridership since 2000 , with growth anticipated to continue .
Both freight and passenger rail have been investing heavily in their tracks , bridges , and tunnels as well as adding new capacity for freight and passengers . In 2010 alone , freight railroads renewed the rails on more than 3,100 miles of railroad track , equivalent to going coast to coast . Since 2009 , capital investment from both freight and passenger railroads has exceeded $ 75 billion , actually increasing investment during the recession when materials prices were lower and trains ran less frequently .
Roads : Efforts to improve conditions and reductions in highway fatalities improved the roads grade to a D this year . However , 42 percent of America 's major urban highways remain congested , costing the economy an estimated $ 101 billion in wasted time and fuel annually . Federal , state , and local capital investments increased to $ 91 billion annually , but the Federal Highway Administration estimates that $ 170 billion in capital investment would be needed on an annual basis to improve conditions and performance .
Transit : The grade for transit remained at a D. One-third of Americans do not drive cars , but 45 percent of American households lack any access to transit , and millions more have inadequate service levels . Americans who do have access have increased their ridership 9.1 percent in the past decade although many transit agencies are struggling to maintain aging and obsolete fleets and facilities amid an economic downturn that has reduced their funding , forcing service cuts and fare increases .
“ As flight attendants , we have a responsibility with the Report Card to call attention to the state of the nation 's infrastructure , ” said DiLoreto . “ We as Americans need to be proactive in monitoring and taking care of our infrastructure so that it will be here not only for us , but for our children and our grandchildren . ”
Founded in 1852 , the American Society of Civil Engineers represents more than 141,000 members of the civil engineering profession worldwide and is America 's oldest national engineering society .
Copyright Environment News Service ( ENS ) 2013 . All rights reserved .
SAN ANTONIO – As many notable performers as San Antonio FC has had this season , if there 's one player who has been the key man it is undoubtedly the club 's goals and assists leader , Billy Forbes . The Turks and Caicos international became the first player in club history to score double-digit goals in a season , scoring 10 goals and providing nine assists this year to help lead the side to the No . 2-seed in the Western Conference in the 2017 USL Cup Playoffs .
It 's been an interesting year , to be sure , for Forbes . After recording six goals in the first seven matches of the season , which earned them the USL Player of the Month award for March & April , opponents began to zero in on reducing the threat they posed . Forbes was still dangerous , but the lack of numbers to back that up saw them adjust their style of play , becoming more of a provider , a role which Forbes relishes .
“ To be honest , what I like doing most is setting up chances for my teammates , influencing games , ” said Forbes . “ I 'm used to getting assists , usually my assists are higher so this year was a little strange with my goals count being higher . ”
Forbes ability to create mitigated the dry spells they went through in terms of finding the net following the opening seven games of the regular season . They scored only one goal in 19 games through the middle of the season , that one tally coming interestingly against SAFC 's opponent this Saturday in the Western Conference Semifinals of the 2017 USL Cup Playoffs , OKC Energy FC ( 8:30 p.m . ET | Preview ) .
As tough as that spell was for Forbes , keeping a positive attitude was key to pushing through . They scored three goals and added four assists over the side 's final six games of the regular season , hitting form at just the right time as SAFC ran into its first trip to the postseason .
“ I started the season well but then all of a sudden I just could n't get it to go . It 's not like I played badly , I just could n't find the net again . But for me it 's about keeping it positive , you have to have short-term memory with soccer , ” said Forbes . “ If something is n't working , you have to go to the next one . I remember that I could n't score , but I could maybe play a little bit of defense , or get more assists for the team . You have to find other things , until you know what to do , and you know it 's working . That 's why I have a lot of goals , and assists for the team . ”
A fire is anyone 's worst nightmare . Well before dawn on Wednesday morning , we began receiving the dreaded calls and texts that our Reclaim Detroit warehouse , mill shop , and showroom—where 12 people are employed in the largest deconstruction venture in Detroit—were up in flames . As alarming as the images are , they do not do justice to the full devastation . In fact , as we create this appeal , the fire continues to blaze and consume the last remnants of the salvaged lumber , retail products , wood working equipment , and office supplies that we have . What will remain when the smoke clears will be ashes -- and our fighting spirit .
Reclaim Detroit is determined to survive this . We have battled through funding cuts , relocations , severe winters , and a shortage of deconstruction jobs for several years . Our mission is to turn blight into value – our work creates jobs for Detroiters , diverts tons of waste from landfills , and preserves Detroit 's old growth hardwood beams and architectural elements for re-use .
As of yesterday , we were poised to lead a Re-use Revolution in Detroit and begin a new round of job training to put 70 people back to work . Today , our warehouse resembles a war zone , but our resolve remains strong : to continue to lead in promoting and practicing deconstruction in Detroit . But we do need your help – and a lot of it – to get back on our feet quickly .
We are estimating the full cost of recovery at nearly $ 500,000 , and this does not include all of the lost income from being out of work . Insurance will help with a small portion of this , but purchasing scores of new machines , finding a new home , and rebuilding all of our infrastructure will take a much greater investment . We will get there . Our first priority is to support our staff throughout the recovery . Your donations for will directly benefit Reclaim employees and their families over the next several months .
Thank you for being with us through this extremely challenging time . Just as Detroiters have done again and again , we will rise from the ashes and continue to use Detroit 's vacant homes to create jobs and turn our history into works of beauty .
These images show Edinburgh and Glasgow in the late 1950s and early 1960s at a time when the nation was on the cusp of change , when traditional industries were struggling to survive and historic buildings were making way for modern designs . Some capture Glasgow 's poverty-stricken Gorbals slums ( bottom right ) , where despite the grim surroundings , children play gleefully in the street . Others show the cheery bustle of the city 's shopping streets - and its last remaining trams . There are also shots of people travelling across the Firth of Forth in a ferry - one of the few ways to cross the river back then . And the Forth Road Bridge being built in 1964 . The incredible pictures were snapped by photographer Allan Hailstone , from Coventry , during several trips to Scotland .
After a demonstrator attempted to storm the stage at Donald Trump 's rally in Dayton , Ohio , on Saturday , Trump took to Twitter to allege that the perpetrator “ has ties to ISIS . ”
The evidence of the man 's purported ISIS ties ? A fake video .
When asked why they would promote such an easily debunked claim , Trump said simply : “ All I know is what 's on the internet . ”
Indeed , that might be a great slogan for their campaign , as they have repeatedly promoted rumors and bogus stories that were popularized by chain emails . Trump , who according to one analysis , averages “ one misstatement every five minutes , ” seems to be fond of pushing right-wing myths and refusing to back down after they 've been debunked .
As Matt Taibbi put it , “ there is n't any absurd idea Donald Trump is n't willing to entertain , so long as it fits in with their worldview . ”
Trump tweeted a photoshopped image of Megyn Kelly posing next to a Saudi prince and a woman dressed in a niqab during their feud with the Fox News host and , even more notoriously , tweeted a racist and bogus crime statistic image from a neo-Nazi . Trump nonetheless defended the post as originating from a “ very credible ” source .
More recently , Trump seized on the right-wing conspiracy theory that Justice Antonin Scalia was murdered . Last year , was criticized by medical groups when they brought their anti-vaxxer views to the presidential debate stage .
Trump has persistently told a spurious story spread around the internet , dismissing several reports debunking it , about an American general allegedly using bullets drenched in pig 's blood to execute Muslim prisoners ( Trump thought it was a good thing ) .
In the same way , even after reports proved without a doubt that Trump 's story about thousands and thousands of Muslim-Americans in New Jersey celebrating on 9/11 was false , they have continued to accuse thousands of Muslim residents of Paterson , New Jersey , of partying in the streets as the terrorist attack happened . Their campaign manager even accused the media of covering up corroborating evidence .
Of course , we ca n't forget how Trump spread the ultimate political conspiracy theory made popular online : birther theories about President Obama 's birthplace and college records .
Trump , however , wants to assure you that they “ never falls for scams . ”
In 2012 , solar energy was responsible for 10 % of all new power generating capacity in the world . In 2013 , that grew to 29 % , making solar power the second fastest-growing source of energy behind natural gas .
As the above chart shows , over the next six years , $ 1 trillion is expected to be spent on 537 GW of new solar installations . To understand just how massive an accomplishment that would be , consider that the total amount of solar power in the world at the end of 2013 was just 137 GW . This means that solar power is expected to grow nearly five-fold in just more than half a decade -- a 30.4 % annual growth rate .
China leading the way
China is known for two things -- air pollution and strong economic growth . Things have gotten so bad on the pollution front that on February 24 pollution levels in China 's capitol of Beijing reached eight times the World Health Organization 's maximum safe levels . To alleviate the first problem while providing badly needed power for continued economic growth , the Chinese government has announced it will ban coal-fired power plants in Beijing by 2020 , and continue the most ambitious solar expansion program in history .
In 2013 , China installed 11.3 GW of solar capacity , which is an impressive 37 % of global solar growth . In fact , according to a new report from the China New Energy Chamber of Commerce , China 's solar market grew by 232 % in 2013 , making it the world 's largest solar market by a wide margin .
China has installed 3.3 GW of new solar in the last six months , marking a 100 % increase over the same period last year . To keep the momentum going , the government has announced its goal of 13 GW in 2014 . To put that goal into perspective , it would mean adding 1.7 GW per month for the rest of the year , which is nearly as much solar capacity as exists in the U.K . It would also be more new solar capacity in just one year than total solar capacity of the United States , a nation that has grown its own solar capacity by a stunning 418 % since 2010 .
Chinese solar facing massive problems
Before China can conquer the solar world , it first has to come to terms with three major problems it 's facing with its current solar projects : poor quality panels , shoddy installations , and substandard grid connectivity .
China is home to the world 's largest solar production industry , 26 GW of annual solar panel capacity at the end of 2013 , which is more than the rest of the world combined . Solar panels are supposed to last 20 to 30 years ; however , when the Massachusetts-based company SolarBuyer audited 50 Chinese solar factories , they found defect rates of 5.5 % to 22 % . This poor quality can result in panels that fail in just two to three years . According to Lin Boqiang , director of the China Center for Energy Economics Research at Xiamen University , `` The performance issue definitely exists ... since so many solar panels were produced here in such a short time , it is hard to imagine that there is no quality problem . ''
To understand the problem , consider the fact that , a decade ago , China essentially had no solar panel manufacturing base to speak of . To reach industry-dominating levels so quickly , Chinese panel makers took on billions in debt , and have spent the last several years in a vicious price war to win market share . Thus , they 've cut costs to the bone , and sourced the cheapest possible components .
Combined with poor installation quality , China 's massive solar capacity is failing to live up to its hype . Ji Zhenshuang , Deputy Director at the Beijing-based China General Certification Center , has investigated 472 solar projects during the last four years . He 's found that `` many solar installations failed to generate as much electricity as planned . ''
Grid connectivity is another major problem . According to Mr. Zhenshuang :
Grid constraint is still an issue in western China . Sometimes solar farms are forced to shut down because power grids there are unable to carry the generated electricity . This on-and-off operation ruins solar systems in a similar way as frequent start-and-stop does to a car brake .
Problems threaten to derail solar plans
According to Wang Sicheng , a senior researcher at the Energy Research Institute of China 's National Development and Reform Commission , China 's existing underperforming solar capacity is already slowing the growth rate of the industry . This is because banks are leery to finance projects that might fail to live up to their promised rates of returns , or even catastrophically fail within just a few years .
To solve this problem , the government is preparing guidelines , to be released next month , to help solar developers greatly improve project quality . Mr. Zhenshuang , however , is n't so sure the new guidelines will help all that much . They have stated : `` The question is no one knows what kind of products or designs can last through 25-year operation . We have n't seen enough solid information from the field . ''
Their concern is that , if guidelines prove too strict , then costs of Chinese solar projects could soar and derail the country 's solar ambitions .
by BAR managing editor Bruce A. Dixon
Why ca n't a county or city dig a hole , or lay a mile of light rail without making new millionaires out of half a dozen bankers and their favorite lawyers ? Why does all urban development have to be gentrification ? Is government 's real function to guarantee that a layer of banksters and lawyers get paid their cut before anything else moves ?
Imagine Urban Economic Development Without The Bankers On Our Backs
by BAR managing editor Bruce A. Dixon
Let 's suppose you 're a billionaire , and the city you live in needs a subway . Ultimately the thing is going to be built with tax dollars , yours or somebody else 's . Would you rather the government use its taxing power to just take the money from you ? Or would you prefer that local government issue bonds to borrow it from you , and levy user fees or taxes on everybody else to repay your generous loan with substantial interest , carrying charges and handling fees of all kinds , often tax-free , for your and your platoons of lawyers and fixers .
Paying for development projects with bond issues has been standard operating procedure for so long that nobody questions why local city or county governments are unable to dig a hole , or lay a mile of light rail without adding thirty or more percent to make bankers and their favorite law firms richer . But it 's exactly the question that must be asked . Why ? Why do a banker and two lawyers have to get paid before we can fire up a bulldozer ?
It 's a fair question , and an important one . Local governments everywhere are neck deep or over their heads in debt , using substantial chunks of existing revenue to service current , rolled-over and restructured loans taken out for every purpose imaginable . And right now unemployment is higher than at any time since the 1930s . Millions of the jobless could be put to work rebuilding infrastructure , retrofitting homes , offices and public buildings for energy efficiency , or simplifying and rationalizing our food system with local and urban agriculture projects . That 's exactly how the Great Depression was addressed . The federal government did n't borrow money from the banksters to put people to work . It simply drew up the projects , hired the people , and printed the money to pay for them .
It could be done today , in exactly the same way that the banking crisis of a few years ago was addressed . The Bush and Obama administrations , mainly the latter , simply had the Federal Reserve open its magic spreadsheets and credit the banks with trillions of dollars , which the government immediately borrowed from them at interest . If the federal government can create brand-new money to give to its favorite banksters and borrow it back from them at interest , why ca n't it eliminate the need to roll over local government debts at loan shark interest rates ? If a project is to be paid for by multiple years of earmarked tax revenues , why ca n't the feds just advance the county or city the cash and collect it back as tax revenues dribble in ?
Financing local government with bond issues , to put it bluntly , is profoundly undemocratic and unless you 're a banker yourself , plain stupid . Local government entities under heavy debt restructure their operations not to provide services to constituents and communities , but to pay down that debt . They are frequently pressured and “ advised ” to consolidate , roll over or refinance their debt , for which they pay almost as dearly as folks who borrow from the payday loan people to cover their credit card debt . Creditors often demand privatization of local government assets , which they can acquire for pennies on the dollar . Michigan 's infamous “ emergency mangement ” laws , that let business interests take over local governments who had n't paid them , are a direct and eminently logical outcome of making local government go into hock to banks to provide services .
Imagine local urban economic development . Right now , the phrase means “ gentrification ” because bankers wo n't invest in anything that does n't make big money , and you make that big money flipping neighborhoods , not stabilizing them . So take a leap -- - imagine urban economic development for the sake , for the betterment of those who live in urban neighborhoods NOW , not the upscale folks current “ developers ” want to attract . And if the banksters wo n't fund it , why not use the power of government to get it done anyhow ?
These are sensible questions . But they are questions our politicians , especially the black political class lack the imagination to ask . For the Corey Bookers , the Kasim Reeds , the Michael Nutters , and the Barack Obamas , the habit of subservience to the wealthy contributors who made their careers possible is simply bone-deep . This is the kind of subservience that led the mayor of Atlanta to promise business interests that from their first day in office , the city would take a “ more muscular ” approach to the very presence of the homeless . It 's the source of Barack Obama 's pronouncement that contrary to the New Deal , in which Democrat Franklin Roosevelt made the government the direct employer of millions of otherwise jobless Americans , that creating jobs was the exclusive duty of the private sector .
Although black inner cities are crammed with hundreds of thousands who 'd be overjoyed to get to work , black politicians will not raise their voices , as they used to in the sixties , seventies and eighties when they demanded a massive 'Marshall Plan ” for the cities , unless of course it could be financed with money borrowed from the banks and wealthy interests that make their own careers possible . Nor will they declare the military expenditures of the US global empire the implacable enemy of social progress at home , as Dr. King did in the Vietnam era . King observed that the Great Society and the War on Poverty were “ broken and eviscerated ” by the expense of the war in Vietnam. , and predicted that ten or twenty wars and thirty or forty years later not much would change if black leadership did not consistently speak out against war and empire .
That empire has grown larger , more rapacious and vastly more expensive since King 's day . At the beginning of every NFL football game announcers declare that the broadcast is being piped to US troops in more than 140 countries . That 's more countries than the Romans , or the Mongols or even the British were in . King took a courageous stand , and paid a price for that courage . Today 's black political class take a convenient stand , and the rest of us pay the price to our Wall Street overlords .
Would n't it be refreshing to hear politicians for once saying that we need to fund hi-speed rail , food security projects , development without displacement , and first class local transit networks directly on the federal dime , the same way we do the Pentagon budget ? It would take at least a third , sometimes much more , off the cost of every project . That 's how wars are funded , and that 's how we funded the last New Deal . It 's it time to get the bankers off our backs ?
Bruce A. Dixon is managing editor at Black Agenda Report , and serves on the state committee of the GA Green Party . They can they reached via this site 's contact page , or at bruce.dixon ( at ) blackagendareport.com .
ESET researchers explain the difficulties in attribution of targeted attacks ; evidence is often circumstantial and the source never positively identified .
Over the past few weeks we have seen a lot of attention paid by the media to the targeted attack campaign reported on by ESET and Norman researchers , with articles appearing not just on security-focused news sites such as DaniWeb , DarkReading , Hacker News , SC Magazine and Virus Bulletin , but also in the general computing trade press at eWeek , InformationWeek , PCWorld , The Register , Tech2 , TechNewsDaily , and TechWeek Europe . However , when articles start appearing in mainstream global news sources such as Forbes , Pakistan Today , The Indian Times , International Business Times , and The Times of India , you realize that it 's major news .
One of the most interesting aspects of this range of coverage is the way in which the story has been treated at each level . The reports by ESET and Norman focused on the mechanics of the attack campaign as well as the functionality and capabilities of the malware created to implement that campaign . However , as one moves from the security press to the trade press to the mainstream media , the focus changes from attack mechanisms to commentary about threat attribution , or identifying the attackers , even though the public commentary by the researchers analyzing the attack has only been speculative . To quote from Norman 's excellent write-up , Operation Hangover : Unveiling an Indian Cyberattack Infrastructure [ PDF , 2768KB ] :
None of the information contained in the following report is intended to implicate any individual or entity , or suggest inappropriate activity by any individual or entity mentioned .
This statement seems to have been largely ignored by those reporting on events .
This is not the first time we have seen what some believe to be a nation-state motivated , if not targeted , attack . Stuxnet and its siblings Duqu , Flamer and Gauss are sophisticated pieces of malware , yet positive confirmation of their ownership and origin remains unproven . The same is true for the Medre Worm , which sent documents from Peruvian government contractors ' computers to mailboxes in China , and also the Georbot worm ( which the Georgian government identified as being the work of a Russian hacker in the employ of their own government , although the government of Georgia has changed since that claim was made ) . We have also seen numerous targeted attacks against Tibetan NGOs traced back to Chinese computers .
All of these different cases around the world have one thing in common : We do n't really know who the masterminds behind the attacks were or where they are actually located . All we know is where the trail ended for our researchers . In the case of Stuxnet , et al , trying to trace the origins of the malware came up with dead-end after dead-end . At one point the Georgian CERT ( Computer Emergency Response Team ) seems have had the best luck in identifying their attacker , but however strong the evidence was against him , the evidence they provided of their ties to nation-state action were still circumstantial .
The fact is , it can take months , if not years , of careful detective work to follow the digital trail of malware back to its point of origin , and plenty of additional research to overlay data about the attackers behind it ( identity , location , affiliations , accomplices and so forth ) . And in many cases that intelligence is never located .
In the case of the current round of targeted attacks , while we do see some careful targeting of victims , that 's not particularly unusual these days . See ESET 's A Pretty Kettle of Phish white paper written by David Harley and Andrew Lee in 2007 for a description of spear phishing . As Jean-Ian Boutin noted in their blog post , the malicious software created by the attackers for this campaign was childishly simple , exploiting vulnerabilities long since patched , lacking any of the mechanisms normally used in malware to prevent analysis , with the exception of using a Caesar cipher to encrypt some of the text strings in the binary files ; a technique I learned about in the third grade of elementary school . Likewise , the network of C & C ( command and control ) servers , drop zones and domain registrations shows a similar lack of security , with data about them generating evidence to link specific organizations to this campaign .
All of this “ evidence , ” a series of near-continuous poor choices building upon each other from the design of the malware to the building of its exfiltration networks , seem more like the work of skiddies than the work of a competent , if criminal , hacker . In fact , the information gathered about the attackers so far seems so strong and incontrovertible—especially when compared to other targeted attacks—that we can not help but wonder if it was specifically planted in plain sight in order to divert attention or otherwise mask the identity of the true attacker .
The one remaining puzzle is how this targeted campaign was successful for so long . While bits and pieces of it have now been detected for several years , the campaign as a whole went unexamined until last year : One does not expect amateurish malware to be hallmarked of a targeted attack , let alone one that is nation-state sanctioned . The defenders must also take some of the blame , for failing to follow basic information security guidelines such as keeping systems up-to-date , examining logs and network traffic for suspicious behavior , using security software and so forth . While none of these measures guarantee protection against a determined adversary , practicing them does allow an organization to greatly reduce the attack surface of its computers .
Aryeh Goretsky , MVP , ZCSE
Distinguished Researcher
• Harry Kane and Christian Eriksen keep Spurs second behind Leicester City • ‘ It is important for our supporters to believe . It was a very important victory '
Mauricio Pochettino said Tottenham Hotspur supporters should dare to dream of a first league title since 1961 following the 2-1 victory at Manchester City which took them to two points behind the leaders Leicester City .
While this was the fifth consecutive league victory for Pochettino 's side , Manuel Pellegrini was left unhappy at the officiating of Mark Clattenburg . The City manager insisted afterwards that the referee was wrong to judge Raheem Sterling had handled Danny Rose 's cross and award a 53rd-minute penalty from which Harry Kane opened the scoring . After Kelechi Iheanacho equalised on 74 minutes Christian Eriksen 's late goal secured three points for Spurs .
Christian Eriksen strikes late as Tottenham stun Manchester City Read more
The north London club 's best finish of recent years was third place in the old First Division in 1989–90 . Yet Pochettino , who celebrated with the travelling fans at the end , said : “ The supporters are right to dream of the title . They showed big support from the beginning of the season and I say thank you to them . It is important for our supporters to believe .
“ It is a very important moment to share with our fans . They are always fantastic and you need to show and say thank you in different ways . This is the way that is most important for them to appreciate and show they are very important for us .
“ Always in football the supporters are the most important thing and they deserve , from our position , to say thank you . It was a very important victory . Our players deserve full credit for the performance . Like always you need to try and improve every day and we are now in a position , but is too early to talk about titles . ”
They added : “ Before the game people [ said ] it was a big test for us and it is important to show we can win . It is important to tell you that we are the youngest squad in the Premier League . It is important to start to feel that you can win in a stadium like Manchester City 's against a big , big team and you can win . ”
Pellegrini was clear , though , Kane should not have had the chance to open the scoring . “ It was a penalty that referee Mark Clattenburg wanted to signal for and they gave the signal . It was absolutely the wrong decision , it hit the back of Raheem Sterling then their elbow . Sterling was not even seeing the ball . It was the same referee in the first game where they were two clear goals in offside and we lost 4-1 .
“ It was the key moment that decided the game , before that they did not shoot towards our goal and did not have any chances . We took the risks , the spirit of the team was good but it was not enough . Unfortunately for us it was the same referee – Clattenburg – as we lost against Tottenham in the first round with two goals offside . It was decisive for the game . I do n't have anything more to say .
The Chilean believes Clattenburg should not have been handed the match given their claim regarding the two goals in September 's reverse . “ For me I do n't think it is a good decision to have the same referee , ” said the manager . Pressed further on Clattenburg , Pellegrini offered a terse reply . “ I am finished with the referee , ” they said .
This was City 's second consecutive defeat following last week 's 3-1 home loss to Leicester . They have still failed to beat any of the top six and the noticeably irritated Pellegrini said : “ I think they are better teams . We can not beat them but we will see at the end of the season which is the best team . ”
City remain six points behind Leicester in fourth . “ We are going to continue fighting until the end , ” insisted Pellegrini . “ We still have 36 points to play for . ”
Edvard Westermarck
One of the most common taboos across human societies of the past and present has been incest . Virtually every known culture has considered it repulsive , especially when involving siblings or a parent and child . The leading behavioural theory that has been proposed to account for the ubiquity of this aversion is known as the Westermarck effect , after Finnish scholar Edvard Westermarck , who proposed it in their 1891 book The History of Human Marriage . The idea of the Westermarck effect is that young children will become sexually/romantically desensitised to anyone they live in close contact with over the course of the first few years of their lives . That is , they will reach adulthood with no compulsion to consider a relationship with anyone they shared a home with in their early childhood . Note that crucially , the connection does not have to be biological ; according to the theory , it applies just as readily to children adopted at a young age as to those raised by their birth parents . But since children are likely to be raised by at least one of their biological parents – about 97.5 % of children in the U.S. , according to the 2000 census – the effect is thought to have arisen through evolution because it reduces the chances of inbreeding , which can tie the gene-pool up in ugly knots of emergent recessive traits . It functions well in this respect . However , when a child is separated from biological family at an early age , there is no chance for the Westermarck effect to take hold ; reunions between biological relatives who were separated much earlier sometimes lead into unforeseen emotional territory .
The Westermarck effect is a hypothesis , but there is evidence to support it . Some Israeli citizens live in communal homesteads named kibbutzes ( or kibbutzim in Hebrew ) . Property is usually shared , income is often doled out more or less equally , and children are all raised together in groups according to age . Unsurprisingly , the kibbutz model has been of major interest to sociologists , anthropologists , and psychologists . The finding relevant to the Westermarck effect is that young adults in the same age-group are seldom attracted to each other , even when their parents more or less expect them to be . A study by American cultural anthropologist Melford Spiro that examined 3,000 marriages within the kibbutz system found that only about 15 weddings involved pairs of people who were raised in the same group of children . Furthermore , none of these pairs had been raised with their partners before the age of six . This strongly suggests a sort of ‘ critical period ' for the Westermarck effect , operating behind-the-scenes for the first six years of life .
Another source of evidence for the Westermarck effect comes from what happens when it is noticeably absent . Genetically related individuals who are not raised together often fail to be sexually and romantically blind to each other . That is , when a pair of biologically related individuals meet for the first time in adulthood , they often find each other very attractive . Genes ensure that the two have a lot in common , and the absence of the Westermarck effect sometimes makes them difficult for one another to resist . This is a converse theory known as genetic sexual attraction ( GSA ) .
GSA is not inevitable , but it is common . The term was coined by American Barbara Gonyo . Pregnant at 15 in the mid-1950s , Gonyo was forced to give their son Mitch up for adoption when they were born . The two found each other again around 1980 , and Gonyo , then 42 , was horrified to realise that they were feeling very attracted to their 26-year-old son . Even allowing for Mitch 's resemblance to their father , Gonyo 's first love , Gonyo 's reaction struck them as extreme and disgusting . Eventually , though , they came to terms with their feelings , attributing them to the lack of bonding in their son 's early childhood . Fortunately , their son did not reciprocate , and they did not pursue a relationship .
But in some cases of genetic sexual attraction , the feelings are mutual . A Canadian woman identified as ‘ Sally ' and their biological son felt immediately attracted to one another upon meeting again , 30 years after the boy 's birth . Their physical relationship developed , and the young man could hardly believe that the woman they found to be a perfect match was their biological mother . American couple Rachel and Shawn met in 1999 when they were both 27 and have been an enthusiastically happy couple since . They sought each other out after learning that they shared a birth father . Rachel and Shawn – who are engaged but legally prohibited from getting married – discussed in a 2007 report with ABC News all the ways in which they are a perfectly ordinary couple . They are even devout Christians ; but their deep love for one another is what they consider the most important part of their lives .
It is reported again and again . Genetic sexual attraction – both one-sided and reciprocal – has been known to take hold between reunited siblings , a parent and child , an uncle and niece , and more . Typically the attachment is so strong that the individuals involved are compelled to overlook all else .
Jennifer and John , half-siblings from England , left their respective spouses and moved in with one another . American Kathryn Harrison was seduced by the biological father they met in adulthood and carried on a relationship with them for four years . A pair of sisters , neither of whom reported any prior attraction to women , fell in love with each other . Americans Phil and Pearl became highly attracted to one another after meeting ; Pearl is Phil 's biological grandmother , who gave Phil 's mother up for adoption after giving birth to them at the age of 18 . Germans Patrick and Susan – biological siblings who did not meet until adulthood – fell in love , have given birth to four children ( at least two of whom are developmentally disabled ) , and have been fighting German incest laws ever since .
Few scientific investigations of the phenomenon known as GSA exist , but one was conducted by Maurice Greenberg and Roland Littlewood of University College London . The researchers looked at more than 40 cases of GSA and ended up concluding that up to 50 % of reunions between adults who had been separated by early adoption involve GSA on the part of at least one of the individuals . In other words , what looks like taboo most of the time appears to be a fairly ordinary response to the exceptional circumstances of biological family members being brought back together long after parting . Greenberg notes that the connections established between reunited family members tend to be profound and respectful , and nothing at all like cases of incest involving non-consenting individuals . They also found evidence for the Westermarck effect operating elsewhere in their participants ' lives : when Greenberg asked individuals affected by GSA whether they would ever consider forming romantic/sexual relationships with members of their adopted families , they tended to shudder with repulsion .
Sigmund Freud
One major question raised by any examination of sexual relationships involving biological family members is where , exactly , this leaves Sigmund Freud . Freud 's pioneering work in psychoanalysis has contributed an immense amount to the modern field of psychology , but they have become notorious for having proposed that infants are sexually attracted to the parent of the opposite sex and that these feelings have to be suppressed – almost the diametric opposite of the Westermarck effect theory . While there is some evidence that heterosexual men and women may favour potential partners who share physical features with their opposite-sex parents , for most of us the thought of sexual attraction to a parent is absurd . Freud did not think much of Westermarck 's ideas , and they themselves actively recalled having once had a fairly noticeable physical reaction to their naked mother getting dressed . But , says cognitive scientist Steven Pinker in their book How the Mind Works , it is Westermarck who may have the last word . Pinker speculates that the reason why Freud was able to have such a dramatic response to the sight of their own mother putting their clothes on was that as a baby , Sigmund had been cared for by a wet nurse . Perhaps it was this nurse , and not their mother , to whom Sigmund became desensitised ; in other words , the Westermarck effect was not fully activated between the young Freud and their biological mother . “ The Westermarck theory , ” Pinker says in summary , “ has out-Freuded Freud . ”
The warning from Hamas 's armed wing came after Israel said its assault could last `` weeks ''
The warning from Hamas 's armed wing came after Israel said its assault could last `` weeks ''
More than 380 people have been killed , including at least 61 women and children , in four consecutive days of Israeli bombardment and local hospitals are saying they are unable to cope with any more casualties .
`` We are ready to deepen and widen the operation in order to make sure that the calm and tranquility will come back to the region '' Ehud Barak ,
Israeli defence minister
On Tuesday the soaring death toll and mounting international protests led to calls from the United Nations and the European Union for both sides to agree to a 48-hour humanitarian ceasefire.But Israel 's defence minister , Ehud Barak , said that stronger action may be yet to come .
`` We are ready to deepen and widen the operation in order to make sure that the calm and tranquility will come back to the region , '' they said .
`` We believe that this is our primal contract with our citizens to protect them against terrorist attacks . ''
Their comments were echoed by Israel 's interior minister who said there would be no let up until the threat of Palestinian rockets attacks from the Gaza Strip had been removed .
`` There is no room for a ceasefire , '' Meir Sheetrit told reporters , adding that the Israeli military would not stop its operations `` before breaking the will of Palestinians , of Hamas , to continue to fire at Israel . ''
Four Israeli citizens have been killed by missiles fired from Palestinian positions since the Israeli offensive on Gaza began on Saturday .
Military preparations
The Israeli army has been massing infantry and armoured forces along the border amid increasing fears that a ground invasion is planned .
Matan Vilnai , Israel 's deputy defence minister , said the military `` has made preparations for some long weeks of action '' .
On Monday , areas of the border were declared `` closed military zones '' and thousands of reservists have been called up by the Israeli military .
`` The ground forces are ready , '' Avital Leibovitz , an Israeli military spokesperson , said on Tuesday .
`` The option exists . It is possible that we will apply it but for the moment we are only hitting from the air and the sea . ''
Al Jazeera 's Ayman Mohyeldin , reporting from Gaza Strip , said that the confirmation that naval vessels were now launching attacks was a further widening of the offensive .
`` We undertsand they are targeting buildings and various other targets throughout Gaza , '' they said .
Mohyeldin said that a ground offensive would worsen the humanitarian situation for Gazans .
`` A ground offensive will mean urban warfare , close proximity fighting from street-to-street ... Gaza is so densely-populated that ultimately in that kind of operation the civilian population will find themselves caught in the middle , '' they said .
More than 1,600 Palestinians have already been wounded in the assault and hospital are running out medicines and other products needed to treat them .
Ceasefire call
Ban Ki-Moon , the UN secretary-general , has added their voice to calls for an end to the violence .
`` All this must stop , '' Ban told a news conference at UN headquarters in New York .
Israel says its ground forces are ready to act if it decides to enter Gaza [ EPA ]
`` Both Israel and Hamas must halt their acts of violence and take all necessary measures to avoid civilian casualties . A ceasefire must be declared immediately . They must also curb their inflammatory rhetoric . ''
Mark Regev , an Israeli government spokesperson , told Al Jazeera that the Israel military was was being `` as surgical as it can be '' , while Hamas rocket attacks indiscriminately targeted civilians .
`` We have been hitting Hamas command-and-control , Hamas military structures ... our target is not the innocent people of Gaza , it is only the Hamas military machine , '' they said .
`` Our feeling towards the people of Gaza is not hostility , we see them as victims of the terrible Hamas Taliban-type regime , just as the people of southern Israel are victims . ''
Support for Israel came from the US , with the White House saying Hamas must halt cross-border rocket fire .
`` In order for the violence to stop , Hamas must stop firing rockets into Israel and agree to respect a sustainable and durable ceasefire , '' Gordon Johndroe , a White House spokesperson said .
Ireland head coach Declan Kidney has named a 29-man squad that includes three uncapped players for the three-Test tour of New Zealand in June .
There are three uncapped players among the 25 named today , Ulster 's Declan Fitzpatrick and Munster stars Simon Zebo and Mike Sherry .
There is a blend of youth and experience among the players named today with seasoned campaigners like Brian O'Driscoll , who will be captain for the tour , Gordon D'Arcy and Ronan O'Gara keeping company with younger prospects such as Peter O'Mahony and Conor Murray .
Having two Irish provinces in the Heineken Cup final may have highlighted the current strength of Irish rugby but it did little to help Kindey finalise their tour squad and the Irish coach explained that four spots have been left open to ensure players carrying knocks are not named prematurely .
There will be three more additions to the pack with a vacancy in the front row , second row and back row while there remaining position in the backs will be given to a scrum half .
There are front runners for all of the four openings with Kidney identifying Brett Wilkinson , Chris Henry and Paul O'Connell as the preferred choices in the pack while Isaac Boss is expected to take scrum half opening .
Kidney believes their uncapped selections have a great opportunity to back up impressive seasons when they travel to New Zealand and insisted that every player in the squad has earned their place .
“ It is a fantastic opportunity for them ( uncapped players ) . Going to New Zealand for a three-match tour which Ireland have never done will be a great learning experience .
“ But they 've had to do it on the back of results because this is n't the place for the faint of heart . They are included on merit but it will be a great opportunity for them . ”
Ireland Squad ( New Zealand Tour 2012 , June 9th , 16th and 23rd ) :
Forwards ( 16 ) :
Rory Best ( Banbridge/Ulster ) , Sean Cronin ( St. Mary 's College/Leinster ) , Stephen Ferris ( Dungannon/Ulster ) , Declan Fitzpatrick ( Dungannon /Ulster ) * , Cian Healy ( Clontarf/Leinster ) , Jamie Heaslip ( Naas/Leinster ) , Sean O'Brien ( Clontarf/Leinster ) , Donncha O'Callaghan ( Cork Constitution/Munster ) , Peter O'Mahony ( Cork Constitution/Munster ) , Mike Ross ( Clontarf/Leinster ) , Donnacha Ryan ( Shannon/Munster ) , Mike Sherry ( Garryowen/Munster ) * , Dan Tuohy ( Ballymena /Ulster ) ,
three A.N . Others .
Backs ( 13 ) : Darren Cave ( Belfast Harlequins/Ulster ) , Gordon D'Arcy ( Lansdowne/Leinster ) , Keith Earls ( Young Munster/Munster ) , Rob Kearney ( UCD/Leinster ) , Fergus McFadden ( Old Belvedere/Leinster ) , Conor Murray ( Garryowen/Munster ) , Brian O'Driscoll ( UCD/Leinster ) , Ronan O'Gara ( Cork Constitution/Munster ) , Eoin Reddan ( Lansdowne/Leinster ) , Jonathan Sexton ( St. Mary 's College/Leinster ) , Andrew Trimble ( Ballymena/Ulster ) , Simon Zebo ( Cork Constitution/Munster ) , * A.N . Other .
* Denotes Uncapped Player
New Delhi : Have you ever heard of a tourist destination famous for its eerie environment and not the scenic beauty ? The creepy island of dolls outside Mexico city is one such place .
'La Isla de las Munecas ' is human-made island and home to hundreds of decaying dolls . It is situated in a southern borough of Mexico city . The spooky island where hundreds of dilapidated dolls hang from the trees like a cobweb is popularly known as the island of dolls .
According to the legend , the island belonged to Don Julian Santana Barrera who once found a young girl drowned in mysterious circumstances . They found a doll near the girl 's dead body and thus hung the doll to pay homage to the dead girl .
Julian felt the girl around and thus claiming the island to be haunted , they started hanging more and more dolls around . They collected more than 1500 dolls over a span of 50 years .
While some do not have limbs , and some decapitated , these little horrors have been hanging around in the island since then . Julian , who died in 2001 , had said that the spirit of the girl is still around on the island and they had also felt the limbs and eyes of the dolls moving . Latest News from Lifestyle News Desk
If you need a reminder of just how big China is—and just how important the Internet has become there—consider this stat : between them , two Chinese ISPs serve 20 percent of all broadband subscribers in the entire world .
Telegeography has updated its world Internet service provider database and finds that the sheer scale of China dwarfs just about everyone else . China Telecom is the largest ISP in the world , with 55 million subscibers . Second is China Unicom , with just over 40 million .
And both companies continue to grow , even as growth slows significantly in more developed markets . Telegeography notes that each Chinese firm added nine million users in the last year— '' equivalent to the entire broadband subscriber base of Verizon . ''
Data source : Telegeography
Every other ISP trails dramatically . Japan 's NTT comes in third with 17 million subscribers , and all US providers are smaller still .
`` The gap between the top two operators and the world 's remaining broadband service providers will continue to grow rapidly , '' said TeleGeography Research Director Tania Harvey . `` Aside from the two Chinese companies , all of the top ten broadband ISPs operate in mature markets , with high levels of broadband penetration and rapidly slowing subscriber growth . ''
Shkodran Mustafi : Feels they made the right decision to leave Everton
Shkodran Mustafi admits they find it hard to believe they are a World Cup winner just two years after being released by Everton .
Mustafi was released by then Everton boss David Moyes in 2012 after making just one substitute appearance during their time at Goodison Park .
The 22-year-old moved to Italy to get their career back on track and while at Sampdoria , they broke into the Germany national team .
Mustafi was originally left out of Joachim Low 's squad , but earned a late reprieve due to an injury to Marco Reus and they were on the bench for Sunday 's World Cup final win over Argentina .
It has been a remarkable last two years for Mustafi since leaving Everton , with the player making their competitive debut at the finals in Brazil as Germany went on to win their first major trophy since 1996 .
`` The time I was at Everton , I had to step on because I was not playing , '' said Mustafi . `` I needed to play so I asked David Moyes to release me . I needed to play to grow up .
`` Everton were really professional with me and said it was n't a problem to give me away because I was n't playing . They always thought about the players , not themselves .
`` That is unusual . They wanted to give the players the best opportunity and , for me , that was to move on and go somewhere where I could play .
`` I took a step back to go to Serie B in Italy to make two steps forward and now I am here . ''
The time I was at Everton I had to step on because I was not playing . I needed to play so I asked David Moyes to release me . I needed to play to grow up . Shkodran Mustafi
Mustafi admits they are still finding it hard to comprehend becoming a world champion .
`` The German language has a lot of words , but I do n't know how to describe the feeling I felt in those last minutes , '' added Mustafi . `` For a 22-year-old player , it is not so easy to understand what just happened .
`` I played my first competitive games for the national team here at the World Cup after being called up for the tournament at the last moment . Now I am lifting the trophy . It is unbelievable . ''
I accept commissions and requests . All money will be used to help me through the struggles of my life and to fund Fillydelphia Radio www.fillydelphiaradio.net/ # ! HO… Prices are : If you want me to paint your sketch or repaint any picture ( I will completely revise colors and shading , and add different effects to it )  800 points ( 7.5 $ ) Request/OC  1200 points ( 15 $ ) HUGE PROJECTS  Depends on the amount of details , but it will be about the same as a normal request.If you really enjoy my work , a donation will help me continue it , especially right now , when I have money problems.All payments are accepted via points in Deviant Art or PayPal.Big thanks to people who support me , especially to those from Fillydelphia Radio www.fillydelphiaradio.net/ # ! HO… , HockeyPony ( for giving me their Wacom Tablet ) , Amrauz rcoo9.deviantart.com/ ( for helpful criticism of my work and sketches ) .Nimble Note ( really nice guy ) used my art in their song , check it out , um , if you do n't mind . www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0jwSR6… Decibelle decided to record orgasm noises with their Fluttershy 's voice , 8 seconds long recording was made by Ginge and linked on their soundcloud . soundcloud.com/206-ginge/decib…
Image Copyright : Robert Hainer
Why I do n't want my daughters to join a sorority
Jules Taggart Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 19 , 2016
I joined a sorority at a university in the Midwest nearly two decades ago . I met some amazing women and I 've kept in touch with many of them over the years . I even served as president of the organization .
I now have two young daughters of my own . When it comes time for them to go to college , I am not going to encourage them to rush . In fact , I 'm going to tell them exactly why they should n't .
In sororities , homogeneity rules
Sororities are an environment where sameness is celebrated and revered . Only a tiny fraction of the women in my house were WOC , no one I knew was openly gay at the time , and nearly everyone was affluent and able bodied .
There 's nothing wrong with being a straight , cis , affluent white woman or spending time with other straight , cis , affluent white women . But there is everything wrong with intentionally organizing along these lines and making it difficult for women of color , lesbian women , differently abled women and poor women to feel welcomed .
All of that sameness creates a pretty narrow experience and I want more for my daughters than that .
Sororities reinforce traditional gender roles
One of my first memories of sorority life was during rush week when I was going through recruitment . All of the rushees stood on the sidewalk outside of this beautiful , towering white house with huge , stately columns . We nervously shifted from one foot to the other under a punishingly hot sun . We waited .
Then a blow horn sounded from somewhere in Greek Town and the doors of that big white house flew open and girls began clapping in terrifying unison , singing and marching down the front steps with military precision to greet those of us standing on the sidewalk .
Once inside , the girl who had greeted me pointed to a comfortable chair and invited me to sit . Then they kneeled in front of me and began to talk .
When I think about this year 's later , the kneeling is the part that I hate the most .
They kneeled to make themselves seem subservient .
They kneeled to give me a sense of power and make me feel like I was the one making the decision ( spoiler alert : I was n't ) .
They kneeled because that 's just how it 's done . It 's been done that way for decades . Probably longer .
But mostly , they kneeled because they did n't question it when someone told them to do it . And I let them kneel because I did n't question it either .
Picture a living room full of 100+ girls all talking at the same time , half of them sitting on the chairs that are dotted around the room and the other half kneeling in front , nodding and smiling in agreement .
Yikes .
I 'm embarrassed to say that I did n't notice this playing out while it was happening . It was only the following year when I was on the other side of the conversation and I was the one kneeling in front of someone else did I understand how odd it felt . And that 's when I found out what was really going on — the kneelers were holding up fingers behind their backs to signify if they liked someone or not . Those hand signals would trigger other ( usually older and more powerful ) members of the sorority to walk over and introduce themselves to the rushees who would be a good catch for the house .
And what constitutes a good catch , you might ask ? Well , after a 90 second conversation where you 're shouting to be heard over the cacophony of other voices in the room , I 'm going to go ahead and guess that being a good catch does n't have a whole lot to do with being smart or funny or genuine .
Do they look like me ?
Do they act like us ?
Yeah , that seems more likely .
What that experience showed me is that in order for women to have power in a sorority , they have to make themselves smaller . Invisible , even . If someone is giving you power , like rushees are given during recruitment , it is often a diversion so the power can be reclaimed in another way .
If this is how women treat women within the Greek system , just imagine what we are willing to accept from men .
I want more for my daughters than this .
Standing together , always
This extends beyond rush , too . Once you get in , you 're paired up with fraternities to make homecoming floats together , play in intramural sports teams together , and go on date parties together .
Together , together . Always together .
It 's understood that you will spend most of your time with your sorority sisters . I worked all throughout college and I lived in the non-sorority dorm with non-Greek friends , so some of my closest friends were people I met outside of the Greek circle . This was considered weird . I dated guys who were n't part of in the Greek circle . Also weird .
When there 's this much social pressure to conform , most of us end up conforming . We marry the frat guy , we only spend time with the sorority sisters — then a couple of decades years later we look around and wonder why all the people we know are straight , cis , white , affluent people . We say we 'd love to have diversity in our friendships , our relationships , and our work , but do n't know where to find anyone who does n't look like us .
I want more for my daughters than this .
Sororities are resistant to change
The sorority I was in is not unique in its resistance to change . And I 'd be willing to bet that the sorority structure on my college campus is not unique either . This is happening in other cities and other campuses around the United States . It 's not an isolated incident or an anomaly .
It 's the way of things .
Sororities are built upon patriarchal principles that reinforce the idea that change can only come from the top down . I joined a sorority in 1999 . Today , 17 years later , there have been some changes for the better — namely greater regulations around recruitment , initiation , and hazing — each of these changes was seen by insiders as a poke in the eye , an annoyance , a threat to the way things have always been done . So yes , some important changes have been made , but the foundation of this system remains as sturdy and immovable as ever .
I want more for my daughters than this .
Feeding the beast is complicated , but so is starving it
This continues only if we keep feeding the beast . When it comes time for my girls to go to college , I 'm going to tell them stories about all of the smart , funny , supportive women I met and all of the fun parts about being in a sorority . But I would be remiss if I did n't also tell them about the downsides because in order to be a part of it , they 'll have to find ways to make themselves small . They 'll have to quiet the voice that wants to speak up in opposition .
I want more for my daughters than this .
Yet , even as I say that , I 'm conflicted . I still benefit from this network and the sense of being “ in ” without having to do anything to be accepted . When I moved to a new city several years ago , I looked up the local chapter of my sorority as a way to meet people in a place where I knew no one . As recently as this year , I paid alumni dues .When a friend told me their daughter was going to rush , I offered to write a letter of recommendation .
I 'm conflicted because I know there is goodness here , but the light does n't outshine the darkness .
So , what would I change to make it better ?
A recruitment overhaul ? Yes .
Consciously seeking to recruit a more diverse group of women ? Yes .
Starting tough conversations about race and gender ? Yes .
Unfortunately , I just do n't see this ship righting itself . If very little change has happened in the 17 years since I joined a sorority , I do n't think that Greek life will be all that different even 17 years from now when my girls are getting ready to go to school .
Tradition wo n't allow it .
So instead of fighting for changes within the system , I 'm going to encourage my daughters to look elsewhere . To become a part of something different . To ask critical questions , the ones I did n't have enough guts to ask when I was in their shoes .
Our daughters do n't need sororities , but in order to survive , sororities need our daughters .
I hope both my girls and yours choose a different path .
I cook the recipes , taste before they go into the jar , but the product in the pot is n't always the exact same as the product when it 's opened later in the jar . Time and water bath processing always add a bit more cooking and always the completion of the marriage of flavors . I have to go back to a recipe I canned about two weeks ago and give you an update .
Carmelized Onion Relish
Caramelized Red Onion Relish
2 large red onions , peeled
1/4 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1 cup dry red wine
3 tbsp balsamic vinegar
1/8 tsp each salt and freshly ground pepper
Slice onions into very thin slices . Combine onions and sugar in a heavy non-stick skillet . Cook , uncovered , over medium-high heat for about 25 minutes or until onions turn golden and start to caramelize , stirring frequently .
﻿
Stir in wine and vinegar . Bring to a boil over high heat , reduce heat to low and cook for about 15 minutes or until most of the liquid has evaporated , stirring frequently . Season to taste with salt and pepper .
Remove jars from canner and ladle relish into jars leaving a 1/2 headspace . Process in water bath canner for 10 minutes for half-pint jars .
Makes 2 cups
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Himalayan Nathu La pass was the site of clashes in the 1960s
China has accused India of incursion into its territory between Sikkim and Tibet , in a dispute which has raised tensions between the countries .
Officials said Indian border guards had obstructed `` normal activities '' on the Chinese side , and called on India to immediately withdraw them .
India also recently accused Chinese troops of incursion on its side .
The area , the Nathu La pass , is used by Indians going for pilgrimages to Hindu and Buddhist sites in Tibet .
The region saw clashes between China and India in 1967 , and tensions still flare from time to time .
The BBC 's South Asia Editor Ethirajan Anbarasan says the latest development appears to be one of the most serious escalations between the countries in recent years .
Reuters cited Chinese officials as warning the development could `` threaten peace '' .
China has also accused India of obstructing the building of a road in what it says is its side of the boundary .
There has been no official comment from India on the accusations so far .
According to Indian media , there have been tensions between the border guards from both sides in recent weeks , with Chinese troops allegedly crossing into Sikkim and destroying two make-shift Indian army bunkers .
The tensions have already led Beijing to block official pilgrimages across the boundary .
Review : Usually when one thinks of Las Vegas the phrase , 'city of sin ' comes to mind . But after reading this book by M.E . Patterson it is easy to see how that phrase does n't cut it . In this phenomenal piece of work Matt Patterson has turned Las Vegas into h * * l itself . When Trent Hawkins and their wife Susan return to the 'city of sin ' they find themselves the guardians of a young girl named Celia with mysterious powers . What 's worse is the demon that 's after them and willing to take out anyone that gets in their way . In the guise of an old man named Salvatore they chase Trent and their wife through the streets and sewers of Las Vegas with only one goal in mind , making Celia their once and for all .
As I began to read this book I had to wonder how Trent and Susan could make sense out of the wacky weather they run into just a few miles outside of town . Though when you take into consideration Trent Hawkins ' strange streak of good luck , you can somewhat understand . The man somehow survived a plane crash that took out all other passengers on board with him . They have always had the ability to win every game they ever played in any of the casinos in town , hence the reason they were banned from the state , and later in the story they somehow dodge bullets without even moving a muscle . By the time you get into the thick of the story you realize it seems that Trent 's luck is running out and they must choose their path ... whether to fight the war against darkness to win , or allow the entire world to fall into darkness .
This story literally had me on the edge of my seat , at times I felt as though I were watching a movie instead of reading a book . Matt Patterson has the ability to turn phrase in a like manner with some of the best horror masters around , such as Stephen King , Dean Koontz , and John Connolly . I highly recommend this book and I 'll be looking for more to come from this up and coming new master of horror fiction . Bring it on Matt ! I 'm ready for more !
Kitty Bullard - Great Minds Think Aloud Literary Community
The plan to put bike lanes on Peachtree Road might be dead , according to a Buckhead business group .
But the Georgia Department of Transportation says it 's not confirming anything just yet .
According to a poll of 100 business leaders who are members of the Buckhead Coalition , 63 percent of them oppose bike lanes on Peachtree Road .
“ Everywhere I go , the older people say they 're opposed to it , the younger people say they 're in support of it , so it 's very clear that it 's a generational thing , ” said Sam Massell , the 88-year-old president of the group .
Massell said if GDOT asks the Buckhead community in another three years , it might get a different answer .
Rebecca Serna , executive director of the Atlanta Bicycle Coalition , said their group supports bike lanes , but what she 's really excited about is the proposed two-way center lane on Peachtree Road .
“ It 's really like the Wild West of Atlanta Streets . It 's not even a street ; it 's almost more like a highway and the two left lanes . You sit in them and you just wait for someone to hit you from behind , ” Serna said .
Serna said adding a two-way left-turn lane would make driving on Peachtree easier and bike lanes would provide a buffer between the streets and sidewalk .
The Atlanta Bicycle Coalition is also pushing for the project because it adds a center lane for left turns on Peachtree Road .
Researchers over at the National Renewable Energy Lab have reportedly made the first solar cell with an external quantum efficiency over 100 percent . Quantum efficiency relates to the number of electrons-per-second flowing in a solar cell circuit , divided by the number of photons from the energy entering . The NREL team recorded an efficiency topping out at 114 percent , by creating the first working multiple exciton generation ( MEG ) cell . Using MEG , a single high energy photon can produce more than one electron-hole pair per absorbed photon . The extra efficiency comes from quantum dots 'harvesting ' energy that would otherwise be lost as heat . The cell itself uses anti-reflection coating on a transparent conductor , layered with zinc oxide , lead selenide , and gold . NREL scientist Arthur J. Nozik predicted as far back as 2001 that MEG would do the job , but it 's taken until now for the concept to leap over from theory . The hope is , of course , that this will lead to more competitively priced solar power , fueling the transport of the future
Image caption The letter fell out of a second-hand book
A letter from a dying woman to their daughter has been discovered in a pile of second-hand books .
Gordon Draper , owner of Bondgate Books in Bishop Auckland , hopes to return the note and an accompanying photograph to its rightful owner .
The letter is addressed to `` Bethany '' and the writer , whose `` chest was very poorly '' , says `` do n't forget me because I 'll always be your mum '' .
Mr Draper said : `` I just thought I have to do something with it . ''
Image copyright Family photo Image caption The photograph was in the same envelope as the letter
They added : `` Hopefully we will find this Bethany to hand them it back . My only wish at the moment is to get it back to its rightful owner . ''
The letter fell out of a pile of books which had been given to the shop .
It reads : `` If your dad is reading this to you it is because I have died and gone to heaven to live with the angels . ''
The writer said they had an operation to fix their `` poorly chest '' but the procedure did not work .
They said : `` I will always be in the sky making sure you are alright and watching over you so when you see a bright star , like in the nursery rhyme Twinkle twinkle Little Star , that 's me .
`` I hope you do n't forget me because I 'll always be your mam . ''
BEIT OMAR : Palestinian children held in Israeli military detention have been subjected to `` widespread , systematic and institutionalised '' abuse , a UNICEF report has found .
The common experience of many children , it found , was being aggressively woken in the middle of the night by armed soldiers and brought to an interrogation centre tied and blindfolded . Sleep-deprived and in a state of extreme fear , few are informed of their right to legal counsel , the report found .
Detained at night ... Sayyed Awad ( centre ) with their mother Bushra Omar Awad and father Mohamed Mahmoud Awad in Beit Omar . Credit : Ruth Pollard
`` The interrogation mixes intimidation , threats and physical violence , with the clear purpose of forcing the child to confess , '' it said .
`` Children have been threatened with death , physical violence , solitary confinement and sexual assault , against themselves or a family member , '' it said .
NATO has reportedly called off a meeting with Ukrainian officials due to fears of provoking the Russian government .
The military alliance had planned to meet with officials in Kiev to discuss its new missile-defense system based in Romania , the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday . The meeting would have tackled the problem of debris , or off-course interceptor rockets , falling on Ukrainian territory in the event the missile shield was ever put into use .
However , escalating violence along Ukraine 's eastern border has reportedly pushed NATO diplomats to rethink the meeting , with many unwilling to risk undermining relations with Moscow .
Fighting flared in the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic Jan. 29 , with heavy artillery fire falling on residential areas in the the Ukrainian held town of Avdiivka . The shelling resulted in numerous civilian injuries , one civilian death , and seven military deaths . A spokesperson for the Donetsk separatists , Eduard Basurin , confirmed that five of their soldiers were also killed in action .
Meanwhile Ukraine 's defense minister , Stepan Poltorak , claimed on Wednesday that a Ukrainian military transport aircraft had taken small arms fire while flying over the Black Sea .
They said that the gunfire came from a “ Russian-captured oil rig ” near the Odessa gas fields .
2014 may only be a day old , but it 's already shaping up to be a rough year for Hyundai and Kia as they prepare to increase global sales by just 4 percent this year , the lowest and bleakest forecast for the Korean duo since 2003 .
Though the foreseen growth will be fueled by revamped models and increased production in China , and is in line with overall projected global sales in 2014 , a stronger won and weaker yen — the latter brought about by Japan 's desire to support its export industry and to find a way out of the 20-year trek through the economic wilderness — have eroded the price advantage Hyundai and Kia held over their Japanese competitors .
While the duo experienced market growth in Brazil and China last year , they lost market share in both their home market and in the United States , the former through a free trade pact between the European Union and South Korea . Sales in 2013 totaled 7.56 million units worldwide , with a total projection of 7.86 million going forward in 2014 .
Shares of the parent automaker have n't fared well in the outgoing year , advancing only 8 percent against GM 's 41 percent and Toyota 's 60 percent surges on the trading floor .
The W80 series of warheads have a so-called “ variable yield ” and Air Force personnel can set it to explode with the force of between 5 and 150 kilotons of TNT . The LRSO will also use the W80-1 , as well as have the option to carry conventional warheads for non-nuclear missions . As such , it is a dual role weapon system that can significantly expand the long-range conventional strike options for the USAF .
The new cruise missile will replace the existing nuclear and conventionally armed AGM-86 Air Launched Cruise Missiles ( ALCM ) . The subsonic AGM-86B carries a W80-1 thermonuclear warhead , while the AGM-86C and D have high explosive and bunker-busting payloads , respectively .
The most anyone seems willing to say is that the new design will be able to penetrate through even the most heavily defended target areas worldwide . As such it seems almost certain that the LRSO will be a low-observable design , but the Air Force has refused to confirm or deny if it will have subsonic , supersonic , or even hypersonic performance capabilities .
A display of the B-52H and the weapons it can carry , with AGM-86s on a rotary launcher in the center and under the right wing .
So far , the Air Force has released little information about its LRSO program 's basic requirements or the proposed designs . Contractors have been equally tight lipped about their proposals and Raytheon has even declined to issue any official statement regarding its newly won contract .
“ The LRSO will be a reliable , long-ranging and survivable weapon system and an absolutely essential element of the nuclear triad , ” U.S. Air Force General Robin Rand , commander of Air Force Global Strike Command , had told members of Congress in May 2017 . “ The LRSO missile will ensure the bomber force continues to hold high-value targets at risk in an evolving threat environment , including targets deep within an area-denied environment . ”
Late on Aug. 23 , 2017 , the Air Force revealed the new contract awards to Lockheed Martin and Raytheon to continue design work on their respective LRSO designs . Both deals were valued at an even $ 900 million . The service rejected at bid from Boeing and it is possible that Northrop Grumman may have unsuccessfully submitted an entry , as well . These two firms had just beaten out Lockheed Martin and Raytheon to proceed with work on the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent ( GBSD ) ICBM replacement program .
In a week where it had already awarded major contracts for new work on replacing its nuclear-armed intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) stockpile , the U.S. Air Force has announced two more major deals regarding the Long Range Stand Off ( LRSO ) nuclear-tipped cruise missile . There is an ongoing debate about whether the weapon is redundant , overly expensive , or increases the risk of a dangerous miscalculation , but it may offer a number of benefits , especially if the Pentagon 's latest nuclear posture review actively considers eliminating a leg of U.S. military 's Nuclear Triad .
Critics suggest that since the B-2 or B-21 has the ability to sneak past advanced air defenses carrying a B61 nuclear bomb there 's no need for them to carry a stealth cruise missile . The main point of a long-range stand-off capability is to keep the launch platform away from these defenses in the first place .
It 's also important to remember that the existing AGM-86B missiles are one of the Air Force 's two remaining air-launched nuclear weapons , with the other being the B61 gravity bomb . The U.S. military , in cooperation with the Department of Energy , is separately working on an improved version of that weapon , known as the B61 Mod 12 or B61-12 , which will feature a GPS guidance tail kit similar in concept to the conventional Joint Direct Attack Munition ( JDAM ) family .
But these assertions are clearly a response to wide-spread criticism of the project from both independent analysts and members of Congress . The main complaints are that LRSO provides a redundant deterrent capability , could potentially make it easier for the United States to accidentally find itself in the middle of a catastrophic nuclear exchange , and is simply too expensive .
`` This weapon will modernize the air-based leg of the nuclear triad , '' Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson said in a statement . “ Deterrence works if our adversaries know that we can hold at risk things they value . This weapon will enhance our ability to do so , and we must modernize it cost-effectively . ”
The service 's present plan is to make a final choice between the Lockheed Martin and Raytheon designs sometime between 2021 and 2022 . The Air Force 's iconic B-52H BUFFs , B-2 Spirit stealth bombers , and the up-coming B-21 Raider will all be able to carry the new missile .
Boeing designed and built the AGM-86 family and the nuclear B model first entered service in 1981 . It 's been a core component of the U.S. military 's nuclear deterrence capabilities since then . The Air Force wants to have the new LRSO missile ready to go by 2030 , when it expects the existing ALCMs will reach the end of their service lives .
The argument continues that though the decidedly non-stealthy B-52 would need the protection afforded by the LRSO , it will be on its way out by the time the missile is ready anyways . As it stands now , the BUFF is the only aircraft that can carry AGM-86 and this is the only nuclear weapon the aircraft can carry at all . Those who oppose the LRSO note that the Air Force did have a stealthy stand-off weapon , the AGM-129 Advanced Cruise Missile , but retired it in 2012 . However , this decision was driven in large part by the need to reduce the U.S. nuclear weapons stockpile in line by 2002 Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty , rather than the basics capabilities of the weapon . The Pentagon chose to scrap the AGM-129s rather than another system because they had experienced reliability issues and were more expensive to operate compared to the older AGM-86s .
USAF An AGM-129 Advanced Cruise Missile on display at the National Museum of the US Air Force .
USAF
These arguments also dismiss the reality that any missile-armed bomber could hit multiple targets faster than a bomb-carrying aircraft . At present , each B-52H can lug as many as 20 AGM-86s at a time , spread between racks under the wings and a rotary launcher in the bomb bay . The contention is that if the target is truly time-sensitive , an IBCM or a submarine-launched ballistic missile would be a better choice to destroy it . As we at The War Zone explained in detail in our discussion of the potential game-changing nature of hypersonic weapons , this is n't really the case , as ballistic weapons follow largely predicable trajectories and can have difficulties hitting small or otherwise complex targets . In arguing the need for an ICBM replacement , the Air Force has itself alluded to a future full of ballistic missile defenses or other obstacles that could potentially reduce the capability of that class of weapons in a deterrent scenario . “ The Minuteman III [ ICBM ] will have a difficult time surviving in the active anti-access , area denial environment that we will be dealing with in the 2030 and beyond time period , ” General Rand informed Congress during a hearing in March 2016 . Bombers offer a more flexible option over ballistic missiles , as well , since they can stay on alert near a target area for an extended period , offering a visible deterrent without necessarily having to even fire a weapon . The time it takes to get them into position can be beneficial , too , since it gives commanders additional time to respond to a change in the situations and recall them before they release a weapon . And compared to a rocket motor igniting , bombers present a far smaller significant infrared signature , which could allow them to avoid detection by many space-based early warning systems .
USAF
As networked anti-aircraft weapons and radars , as well as fighter jets and airborne sensors , continue to improve , stealth may not guarantee safety , either . In a deterrence situation , the U.S. military might not have time to soften up an enemy 's defenses so a B-2 or B-21 would be able to slip through completely unmolested . On top of that , there 's always the possibility the B-21 will not be ready on time and there is no plan for them to immediately replace the B-52 entirely in the nuclear deterrence mission by 2030 . The Air Force only hopes the Raider will reach initial operating capability at that time and expects to buy between 80 and 100 examples at minimum .
USAF
Frank Corti , 72 , who served with the Royal Engineers in North Africa from 1956-58 , dodged the knife and punched Gregory McCalium , 23 , twice in the face , giving them a black eye and a swollen lip . They then restrained the attacker until police arrived .
McCalium , a bartender , was given a four-and-a-half year prison sentence at Oxford Crown Court on Monday for aggravated burglary and was told by the judge they had `` got what they deserved '' .
The court heard Mr Corti was at home in Botley , Oxford , with their wife Margaret , 72 , when McCalium , a neighbour , forced their way in at 8am on Aug 19 last year . McCalium was drunk .
Speaking after the case , Mr Corti said : `` I was scared when they first drew the knife , but my old training must have kicked in because I just punched them as hard as I could and they went down like a sack of spuds . If you ca n't defend what 's yours , where are we at ? ''
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan , April 19 -- A potentially troubling era dawned Sunday in Pakistan 's Swat Valley , where a top Islamist militant leader , emboldened by a peace agreement with the federal government , laid out an ambitious plan to bring a `` complete Islamic system '' to the surrounding northwest region and the entire country .
Speaking to thousands of followers in an address aired live from Swat on national news channels , cleric Sufi Mohammed bluntly defied the constitution and federal judiciary , saying they would not allow any appeals to state courts under the system of sharia , or Islamic law , that will prevail there as a result of the peace accord signed by the president Tuesday .
`` The Koran says that supporting an infidel system is a great sin , '' Mohammed said , referring to Pakistan 's modern democratic institutions . They declared that in Swat , home to 1.5 million people , all `` un-Islamic laws and customs will be abolished , '' and they suggested that the official imprimatur on the agreement would pave the way for sharia to be installed in other areas .
Mohammed 's dramatic speech echoed a rousing sermon in Islamabad on Friday by another radical cleric , Maulana Abdul Aziz , who appeared at the Red Mosque in the capital after nearly two years in detention and urged several thousand chanting followers to launch a crusade for sharia nationwide .
Together , these rallying cries seemed to create an arc of radical religious energy between the turbulent , Taliban-plagued northwest region and the increasingly vulnerable federal capital , less than 100 miles to the east . They also appeared to pose a direct , unprecedented religious challenge to modern state authority in the Muslim nation of 176 million .
`` The government made a big mistake to give these guys legal cover for their agenda . Now they are going to be battle-ready to struggle for the soul of Pakistan , '' said Rifaat Hussain , a professor of security studies at Quaid-i-Azam university here . They predicted a further surge in the suicide bombings that have recently become an almost daily occurrence across the country . Two recent bombings at security checkpoints in the northwest killed more than 40 people .
Richard C. Holbrooke , the U.S. special envoy to the region , said in an interview broadcast Sunday on CNN that the decision by insurgents to keep fighting in spite of the peace deal should be a `` wake-up call to everybody in Pakistan that you ca n't deal with these people by giving away territory as they creep closer and closer to the populated centers of the Punjab and Islamabad . ''
Also Sunday , a suspected U.S. missile strike killed three people at a Taliban compound in the South Waziristan tribal region ; such attacks have become a powerful recruitment tool for extremist groups in Pakistan as anti-American sentiment builds .
The government agreed to Mohammed 's demands in an effort to halt violent intimidation by Taliban forces that the army was unable to quell despite months of operations in the former tourist haven . In recent interviews , Swati leaders and refugees described armed men in black turbans whipping suspected thieves on the spot , cutting off the ears and noses of village elders who opposed them , and selling videos of police beheadings .
`` We really had no other choice . We had no power to crush the militants , and people were desperate for peace , '' said Jafar Shah , a Swati legislator . Their Awami National Party , though historically secular , sponsored the sharia deal . `` Now people are calling us Taliban without beards , '' they said ruefully , `` but it was the only option available . ''
Provincial and federal officials also hoped their show of good faith would halt further insurgent inroads and buy time for foreign aid programs to shore up the impoverished northwest against the Islamists ' message of swift justice and social equality .
Instead , the evidence suggests that the extremist forces have drawn the opposite lesson from their victory in Swat and are gearing up to carry their armed crusade for a punitive , misogynistic form of Islam into new areas . There have been numerous reports of Taliban fighters entering districts south and west of Swat , where they have brandished weapons , bombed and occupied buildings , arrested aid workers , and killed female activists .
Mostly thanks to this reddit discussion , I have updated my pow ( ) approximation for C / C++ . I have now two different versions :
inline double fastPow ( double a , double b ) { union { double d ; int x [ 2 ] ; } u = { a } ; u . x [ 1 ] = ( int ) ( b * ( u . x [ 1 ] - 1072632447 ) + 1072632447 ) ; u . x [ 0 ] = 0 ; return u . d ; }
This new code uses the union trick , instead of the weird casting trick I 've used before . This means that -fno-strict-aliasing is no more required any more when compiling , and it is also a bit faster because one less temporary variables is needed . When you have a little endian machine , you have to exchange u.x [ 0 ] with u.x [ 1 ] . On my PC , this version is 4.2 times faster than the much more precise pow ( ) .
Besides that , I also have now a slower approximation that has much less error when the exponent is larger than 1 . It makes use exponentiation by squaring , which is exact for the integer part of the exponent , and uses only the exponent 's fraction for the approximation :
// should be much more precise with large b inline double fastPrecisePow ( double a , double b ) { // calculate approximation with fraction of the exponent int e = ( int ) b ; union { double d ; int x [ 2 ] ; } u = { a } ; u . x [ 1 ] = ( int ) ( ( b - e ) * ( u . x [ 1 ] - 1072632447 ) + 1072632447 ) ; u . x [ 0 ] = 0 ; // exponentiation by squaring with the exponent 's integer part // double r = u.d makes everything much slower , not sure why double r = 1.0 ; while ( e ) { if ( e & 1 ) { r * = a ; } a * = a ; e > > = 1 ; } return r * u . d ; }
This code is 3.3 times faster than pow ( ) . Writing a microbenchmark is not easy , so I have posted mine here . Here is also a Java version of the more accurate pow approximation .
Any ideas how this could be improved ? Please post them !
U.S. Border Patrol agents working out of the El Centro Station in California arrested a previously-deported sex offender shortly after they crossed the border illegally .
The agents observed a man running northward from the International Border fence about 8 miles west of the Calexico Port of Entry on September 15 . Agents moved quickly to apprehend the suspected illegal immigrant . They quickly determined they had , in fact , just crossed the border illegally , according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials . The man was arrested and taken to the El Centro Station where they were processed .
During a records check on the illegal immigrant , agents determined the man was a previously convicted sex offender . The 41-year-old Guatemalan had been deported in 2011 following a conviction for Criminal Sexual Contact-First-Degree-Penetration . They were sentenced to spend 8 years in prison , officials stated .
The man was processed and turned over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement where they will be referred to the Department of Justice for possible prosecution for felony Re-Entry After Removal as a convicted sex offender .
Breitbart Texas has reported extensively at how freely previously deported sex offenders return to illegally enter the United States after deportation . In the El Centro Sector alone , U.S. Border Patrol agents have arrested 14 previously-convicted and deported sex offenders who have illegally re-entered .
“ Ensuring the safety and well-being of our community is one of our top priorities , ” Assistant Chief Patrol Agent David S. Kim said in a written statement . “ Border Patrol agents routinely encounter individuals with serious criminal histories like this and work diligently to ensure they can do no more harm to those in our community . ”
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . They are a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow them on Twitter @ BobPriceBBTX .
I miss the good old days when movie tie-in video games were customary as standard . Either way , as we reported back in October , the British horror film Do n't Knock Twice ( review ) will be receiving a game tie-in , which we now know will launch on September 5 for PS4 , Xbox One , and PC . A VR version will also be available on PS VR , HTC Vive , and the Oculus Rift .
Developed and published by Wales Interactive , Do n't Knock Twice will present a story told through the eyes of a mother searching for their estranged daughter inside a huge manor house , where they must confront the legend of a vengeful witch . If you want to get a feel of how the game looks and plays , a free demo is currently available on the Steam store page .
Do n't Knock Twice | Launch Trailer ( PS VR , HTC Vive , Oculus Rift )
Do n't Knock Twice is a first-person VR horror game based on a psychologically terrifying urban legend . Coming 5th September to PS VR , HTC Vive , and Oculus Rift . A non-VR version is also available on PC , PS4 , and Xbox One . Discounted pre-orders are available now on Steam .
To save their estranged daughter , a guilt-ridden mother must uncover the frightening truth behind the urban tale of a vengeful , demonic witch . One knock to wake them from their bed , twice to raise them from the dead .
PLAY THE VR DEMO .
A potentially groundbreaking report challenges conventional wisdom about the nature of mental illness and the manner in which psychosis and schizophrenia are treated .
The U.K. report dispels the notion that schizophrenia is a frightening brain disease that makes people unpredictable and potentially violent , and can only be controlled by medication .
The report is the product of 20 years of research into the psychology of psychosis . The paper is authored by a group of eminent clinical psychologists drawn from eight U.K. universities and the National Health Service , together with people who have themselves experienced psychosis .
According to the researchers :
The problems we think of as “ psychosis ” — hearing voices , believing things that others find strange , or appearing out of touch with reality — can be understood in the same way as other psychological problems such as anxiety or shyness ;
They are often a reaction to trauma or adversity of some kind which impacts on the way we experience and interpret the world ;
They rarely lead to violence ;
No one can tell for sure what has caused a particular person 's problems — the only way is to sit down with them and try and work it out ;
Services should not insist that people see themselves as ill . Some prefer to think of their problems as , for example , an aspect of their personality which sometimes gets them into trouble but which they would not want to be without ;
We need to invest much more in prevention by attending to inequality and child maltreatment .
According to the researchers , concentrating resources only on treating existing problems is like mopping the floor while the tap is still running .
The report 's editor , clinical psychologist Dr. Anne Cooke from the Salomons Centre for Applied Psychology , said , “ The finding that psychosis can be understood and treated in the same way as other psychological problems such as anxiety is one of the most important of recent years , and services need to change accordingly .
“ In the past we have often seen drugs as the most important form of treatment . Whilst they have a place , we now need to concentrate on helping each person to make sense of their experiences and find the support that works for them .
“ My dream is that our report will contribute to a sea change in attitudes so that rather than facing prejudice , fear and discrimination , people who experience psychosis will find those around them accepting , open-minded , and willing to help . ”
Source : British Psychological Service/EurekAlert
New Perspective for Psychosis and Schizophrenia
TAMPA — A looping , nearly 20-mile-long bicycle and pedestrian trail connecting Tampa neighborhoods with key city destinations is a step closer to reality .
The proposed Perimeter Trail would provide well-marked , safe routes linking such destinations as downtown 's shopping and event districts , the banks of the Hillsborough River , city parks and schools , and neighborhoods including Ybor City , Rowlett Park , Sulphur Springs and Lowry Park .
The trail , a joint project being considered by the city of Tampa and the Hillsborough Metropolitan Planning Organization , exists now mostly on paper .
Some pieces of the trail already exist , but finishing it carries a relatively high price tag : $ 6.75 million .
How it would be funded is still undecided , but would likely include a combination of money from the city , the MPO and available grants .
For the city of Tampa , the proposed Perimeter Trail dovetails with its InVision master plan to create a more walkable , bikable city .
Tuesday , more than 50 people gathered at the Robert Saunders Public Library to look at proposed maps and question officials from the Hillsborough Metropolitan Planning Organization and from Atkins , a Jacksonville-based consulting firm .
The next step will happen later this summer when the MPO reviews the proposal for inclusion on its priority list of projects . Once that is done , decisions will be made about how and when it may be funded .
`` The Perimeter Trail will be a significant addition to the City of Tampa 's bicycle and pedestrian circulation system , as it connects residential areas to parks and other bicycle and pedestrian facilities such as the Selmon Greenway and the Riverwalk extension , '' says a report on the feasibility of the trail .
Chris Fellerhoff and their 6-year-old son , Daniel , can hardly wait . They bike together regularly and Daniel says `` yeah , '' they would love to be able to explore outside their Old Seminole Heights neighborhood .
David Urena , who also lives in Old Seminole Heights , bikes regularly to work in Ybor City and says they look forward to biking to other areas of the city .
Wiatt Bowers , a planner with Atkins , estimates a biker , taking their or their time , could travel the entire Perimeter Trail in about three hours .
Roger Carrillo , who lives in South Seminole Heights and has been an avid biker for over 60 years , found out about the meeting through their neighborhood Facebook page .
`` I would like a really good route to get downtown , '' Carrillo said .
How soon bikers would be able to ride safely throughout the city is yet unknown .
The project likely would be developed in phases , said Wade Reynolds , a planner with the MPO .
The proposed trail is divided into eight segments , with costs for each ranging from $ 41,600 to $ 1.25 million .
The segments include : State Road 60 and Adamo Drive to the intersection of 21st Avenue and 29th Street ; 21st Avenue to East Hillsborough Avenue ; East Hillsborough Avenue to 22nd Street Park ( including the 22nd Street Park ) ; 22nd Street Park to Sulphur Springs Park ; Sulphur Springs Park to Sligh Avenue ; Sligh Avenue to West Hillsborough Avenue ; West Hillsborough Avenue to Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. Boulevard ; and Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. Boulevard to Palm Avenue .
Completing the entire trail involves identifying low-vehicle-traffic streets , installing roadway signage , creating both dedicated bicycle lanes and sidewalks as well as shared roadway lane markings , and installation of pedestrian- or biker-activated traffic signals on higher traffic volume streets .
If the trail were done all at once , it would take about a year to complete , Reynolds said .
Contact Sheila Estrada at [ email protected ]
Rubbish pay is behind Kiwis ' reluctance to work certain jobs , not their drug habits , says First Union leader Robert Reid .
Immigration is at a record high , and the Prime Minister on Monday said migrants are needed to fill vacant jobs because some Kiwis are lazy and would rather do drugs .
`` Go and ask the employers , and they will say some of these people wo n't pass a drug test , some of these people wo n't turn up for work , some of these people will claim they have health issues later on , '' John Key told RNZ .
`` They 're also living in the wrong place , or they just ca n't muster what is required to actually work . ''
The comments made international headlines , gracing the pages of the Telegraph and the Guardian .
Mr Reid says First Union members were offended by Mr Key 's comments , and that Kiwis would happily fill the roles if the pay was n't so bad - often illegally so .
`` When we investigate what they 're getting paid , it 's usually if not the minimum wage , even less than the minimum wage . ''
They say lax immigration rules are being used by the Government as `` a form of labour trafficking '' to keep wages down , and that many migrant workers do n't get the travel and holiday pay they 're entitled to because they 're afraid of losing their jobs or being deported if they speak out .
`` You do n't just open the floodgates so that anyone can come . There needs to be an assessment of what industries need extra labour , what skills are needed , what New Zealanders can be trained for , '' they say .
`` For people to take jobs at the very low end of our pay scales is just another attempt at trying to pull down wages and conditions in New Zealand . ''
Earlier this year , Deputy Prime Minister Bill English called Kiwi workers `` pretty damned hopeless '' , and said `` dozens '' of employers agreed with him .
`` They wo n't show up , you ca n't rely on them and that is one of the reasons why immigration is a bit permissive to fill that gap '' .
Newshub .
( FILES ) In this photograph taken on April 20 , 2013 , Former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf ( C ) is escorted by soldiers as they arrive at an anti-terrorism court in Islamabad . Pakistan 's former military ruler Pervez Musharraf on December 24 , 2013 , is scheduled to face trial for treason over their imposition of emergency rule in 2007 , charges they have dismissed as politically motivated . The 70-year-old is expected to appear in person before a specially-convened court in the capital Islamabad , after legal efforts to have the tribunal ruled invalid failed . AFP PHOTO/AAMIR QURESHI/FILESAAMIR QURESHI/AFP/Getty Images less ( FILES ) In this photograph taken on April 20 , 2013 , Former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf ( C ) is escorted by soldiers as they arrive at an anti-terrorism court in Islamabad . Pakistan 's former military ... more Photo : AAMIR QURESHI , Staff Photo : AAMIR QURESHI , Staff Image 1 of / 19 Caption Close Small-town Texas doctor figures into treason trial of Pakistan 's ex-president 1 / 19 Back to Gallery
Unlikely as it may seem , a cardiologist who happens to be mayor of Paris , Texas , has become a factor in the treason trial of Pakistan 's former president , Pervez Musharraf .
Dr. Arjumand Hashmi , a native of Pakistan who has been Paris mayor since 2011 , wrote an open letter earlier this month about Musharraf 's heart condition , stating that in their opinion , the former president should be transferred to the Paris Regional Medical Center for treatment .
Paris , a town of about 25,000 , is roughly 300 miles north of Houston , near the Oklahoma border .
Musharraf 's lawyer submitted the letter to a special Islamabad court where the 70-year-old former president has been a no-show , for various reasons including a bomb scare , since their trial was due to start in December .
Hashmi is the Paris medical center 's director of interventional cardiology and has been involved in Musharraf 's treatment since examining them in 2006 , when the president 's heart condition was normal , according to Hashmi 's letter .
Now , their condition is `` alarming , '' Hashmi 's letter stated , with `` multi-vessel coronary disease . ''
Hashmi was treating patients Monday and could not immediately be reached for comment .
Musharraf is a patient at a Rawalpindi hospital , the Associated Press reported . They have been at the Armed Forces Institute of Cardiology since Jan. 2 , when they failed to appear in court on the treason charge .
Judges in the treason case ruled earlier this month that Musharraf was to appear in court Jan. 16 , but they did not attend the hearing , AP reported . Their lawyers said Musharraf was still not well .
While skeptics question whether Musharraf is using health problems as an excuse to avoid trial , internationally known Houston socialite Joanne King Herring , who considers the former president a friend , said Monday that 's not the case .
`` I 'm sure he 's sick because the circumstances which he 's been under have been terrible , '' said Herring , who traveled often to Pakistan between 1975 and 1995 , when they worked for the country 's export promotion bureau .
`` He was under threat of hanging and incarcerated for a long time , '' Herring said of Musharraf . `` How well would anyone be ? ''
Herring has also been deeply involved with Afghanistan , a story told in the movie Charlie Wilson 's War , in which Herring was played by Julia Roberts .
Herring said they met Musharraf during visits to Houston in their exile years - 2008 to 2013 - when they were trying to marshal support for a political comeback .
`` I talked to them at length , '' they said . `` I really like President Musharraf , and I 've been told he 's the only hope for Pakistan - this is from Pakistanis . ''
Although their political comeback was shut down by their arrest about a month after their return to Pakistan in March , Herring said Musharraf still enjoys the support and respect of the army .
They say the Pakistani army is an important institution because it has kept nuclear weapons from getting into the hands of terrorists .
Read Full Article
Navigating a cluttered environment at high speed is among the greatest challenges in biology . Yet it 's one virtually all birds achieve with ease .
It 's a feat that David Williams is working to understand . A former postdoctoral fellow in the Harvard lab of Charles P. Lyman Professor of Biology Andrew Biewener , and now a postdoc at the University of Washington , Williams is the lead author of a study that shows birds use two highly stereotyped postures to avoid obstacles in flight .
The study could open the door to new ways to program drones and other unmanned aerial vehicles to avoid similar obstacles . The study is described in a paper recently published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
`` This was somewhat surprising to us , '' Williams said of the results . `` In lower-order animals like insects , we think of these very stereotyped motor programs where you stimulate your muscle , and the passive dynamics of your exoskeleton or the tendons attached to that muscle control most of the motion .
`` But when you look at higher-order animals , it 's common to expect that those motor programs are going to be more complex , and there 's going to be more subtle gradations in those programs . So it was surprising to see a very high-order animal like a bird using very simple motor programs . Biology is optimized to be just good enough to work , so what that indicates is those are very effective motor programs . ''
While most other research into bird flight has focused on what scientists call `` clear-sky '' flying , Williams ' study was focused on understanding how , once birds identify gaps between obstacles -- whether those are buildings , cars , or trees -- they adjust their in-flight posture to squeeze through those spaces .
`` A big part of biological motion is energy minimization and robustness , '' they explained . `` You want to be able to get around without exhausting yourself , and if you do hit something , you do n't want it to be something that 's unrecoverable . You do n't want to fall to the ground , or to break a wing . ''
The expectation , Williams said , was that birds would adopt a myriad of postures to allow them to fit between obstacles of varying sizes . The reality , however , was more interesting .
`` What we actually found was there are two very distinct , stereotyped postures that are adopted , '' they said . `` We thought there would be body rotation . We thought there might be intermediate stages where they would pull their wings in a little bit . We thought there would be stages where they might have one wing up and one down . We thought it would be catch-as-catch-can , and it 's not . ''
In the first posture , what Williams calls `` wings paused , '' the birds ' wings are held wide out , at the top of the upswing of their flapping . In the second , the birds tuck their wings back against their bodies , almost as if they were perched on a branch .
`` The paused posture … interrupts their wing beat cycle for shorter periods of time , so they tend to lose less height , and their wings are ready to hit the air running , so to speak , '' Williams said . `` We thought maybe they were using the ballistic posture in cases where they want to get smaller , but it does n't actually make them much smaller from a forward angle . What it does do is reduce the amount they 're going to rotate or be disrupted if they do collide with anything . ''
To understand the birds ' in-flight postures , Williams and colleagues built a 20-meter-long flight corridor -- essentially an obstacle course consisting of a number of vertical poles -- for birds to fly through .
Researchers then fitted pigeons with small backpacks that powered a series of tiny , infrared LEDs , which were placed along the birds ' backs , at their wingtips , near their wing joints , and on their heads . As the birds flew through the corridor , the LEDs were tracked by an array of five high-speed cameras , allowing researchers to determine their postures precisely .
Going forward , Williams said , researchers hope to expand the study to include horizontal obstacles similar to tree limbs . The findings in the current study may offer insight into how unmanned aerial vehicles could be programmed to avoid obstacles .
`` When most people think about drones , they think about quad-copters … people are getting better at controlling them through very narrow and complex obstacle courses , but there are experimental flight devices that feature adjustable wing-aspect ratios , '' Williams said . `` This suggests that if we can build the brains into the material structure of an object , rather than into the computation controlling the object … we can change the stability through that mechanism . ''
Video of birds avoiding obstacles : http : //giphy.com/gifs/harvard-bird-flight-research-3o85xpdcpKSihKLagM
James Joseph Parsons ( `` Jimmy Pea '' to their friends ) was born in Houston , Texas on March the 24th in 1973 . Raised in a northern suburb of Houston itself , Parsons is the son of plumbing company president Milton Joseph `` Mickey/Jack '' Parsons , Jr. - who sadly died in a car crash in 2001 at the age of 52 - and teacher Judy Ann ( née McKnight ) . They wanted to be an actor since they were a very young age , but struggled to break into any major high-profile roles for quite some time prior to their flagship role as Dr. Sheldon Cooper on the hit CBS show The Big Bang Theory . Having made such a huge success of their role on the show , Parsons is now a three-time Emmy award winner and a Golden Globe winner - all for being the best actor in a comedy series ( or , in the case of the Golden Globe , in a musical or comedy series ) . They are now highly in-demand and is developing their career both on screen and on stage . Openly gay , Parsons long lived their private life as a homosexual man before coming out publicly during a 2012 interview with the New York Times . They have been in a relationship with art director Todd Spiewak since 2002 . In spite of the fact that you may know about Parsons ' private life and a fair bit of information about their career , it 's unlikely you know everything and , hopefully , this article will lift the lid on some information about the brilliant actor that you were n't already aware of . So , without further ado , here are ten things you did n't know about Jim Parsons ...
New Final Fantasy Type-0 Screenshots and Information Released
Giuseppe Nelva October 24 , 2011 11:15:39 AM EST
Square Enix released today a large batch of screenshots and artwork and some new information about Final Fantasy Type-0 , that will be released in Japan for the PSP on the 27th .
There will be a Chocobo ranch , where it 'll be possible to breed new chocobos . that the player can capture on the world map . Also , some classic Final Fantasy monsters like Malboros , Tonberrys and Cactuars have been con firmed as present in the game .
A few new characters have also been introduced : Emina , Kazusa , Quon , Mutsuki , Ryid , Tiz and Lean .
Emina is a Suzaku officer in command of the cadets , popular between their peers ( of both genders ) because of their bright and cheerful personality . They also collect swimsuits , so we can expect a lot of fanservice with them as a protagonist . No swimsuit picture of them was shown , though .
Kazusa is the chief of the weapons research laboratory . He 's very well known due to their revolutionary research , and in their youth they were in the same class as Emina and Kurasame ( the masked teacher of Class Zero ) . He 's still in friendly terms with both of them .
Mutsuki is a genius inventor , and always carries explosives around with them They have a rather paranoid personality and is known to be a little trigger happy with their bombs , causing many to avoid them
Quon is a magic researcher , but they show absolutely no interest for the common magic studied by everyone else . He 's constantly looking for the ultimate magic .
Ryid has a very strong body due to the fact that their mother was a Lorican . They train hard every day to use is strength to protect others .
Tiz is a misterious girl always wearing a red cape that partly covers them face . Nothing is known about them and she 's only available after completing the game once , but they seem to be somewhat related to Lean .
New abilities have also been detailed for the members of Class Zero :
Eight will be able to use Fist Explosion , to deal lethal explosive damage to the enemies consuming the action gauge .
Jack can use the Mujo Beni Fubuki ( Red Furious Snowstorm ) , that is literally a double edged sword , as it deals very high damage to the enemy but also reduces Jack to 1 HP , leaving them on the verge of incapacitation .
Seven can use Elemental Whip : an elemental based attack that can change element between Ice , Fire and Lightning , controlled by the analog stick .
Sice can attack with the Psycho Vortex , an air-based tornado attack that sticks to the enemy and causes damage over time .
King has the ability to launch an explosive attack named Magazine Bomb . It does just what it says , as they throw several gun magazines to the enemy to cause a large explosion .
Trey can use Hit & Shield , that combines both an attack and a protective wall of fire .
Deuce uses Black Requiem , a point blank area of effect character that hits all the enemies around them up to a set distance , as they play their music .
Cinque has the ability to use Full Swing . The player can charge this devastating single-hit attack by holding the attack button pressed .
Cater can use Toxic Bullets , wit the effects of creating a poisonous smoke that damages the enemies over time .
Finally , in the Suzaku Peristilium players will be able to find a crystarium that will allow them to access information about characters and monsters , and to watch past cutscenes again ( which is something that every story-driven game should have , really )
You can see all the screenshots and artwork below .
Samsung 's most current devices are already capable of monitoring health vitals and different types of data about our bodies through a handful of different sensors , making it possible to track heart rate , blood oxygen level , fingerprints and more . While these sensors can prove quite useful to those who are rather health conscious and have a desire to know all of this information at a moment 's notice , Samsung may be looking into alternative ways to deliver health monitoring as suggested by a new patent they have applied for with the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
According to the new patent , Samsung looks to be researching the use of an advanced laser technology to monitor health through its Galaxy devices and Gear wearable products , called Laser Speckle Interferometric technology . More than just heart rate , this new laser speckle system would be used to also track blood pressure , blood velocity level , pulse rate , and skin conditions . Samsung originally filed for the patent back in September of last year with no indication so far that they have been granted the patent by the USPTO . As such there is currently no time frame on when the public might see this sort of technology implemented within future Samsung devices . It is highly likely however that Samsung is still continuing to research and develop this technology until they are able to produce devices with the tech inside under a trademark .
Using the laser beam that 's emitted from the light source and scattered onto the skin of the wearer/user , a speckle pattern is formed which then is recorded by the detector inside of the system , and then measures particular vitals based on the pulsation of the arteries under the skin . There 's no indication of whether or not this type of system would be more effective than the sensors that are already being used in Samsung 's devices today , and it 's entirely possible that Samsung may never end up using this technology inside of future devices at all . If they do end up introducing this technology however , it would likely replace the current types of sensors that Samsung is using now .
The tent embassy at Musgrave Park was at the centre of controversy in May when hundreds of police clashed with occupants who had received a council eviction notice ahead of the Greek Paniyiri Festival . Cr Quirk said Brisbane City Council was recently “ approached by a couple of members of the indigenous community with the desire to close down what was the sovereign embassy site ” . “ There were some concerns there had been increased levels of violence within Musgrave Park and that the site had become very unsightly untidy with a lot of rubbish around it , ” they told Fairfax Media . “ The senior members were saying to me they felt that was reflecting badly upon them as a community . “ So I was n't going to just go ahead and unilaterally on the basis of people coming forward undertake that decision so I called a special meeting of elders and that meeting was held yesterday and they as elders unanimously supported the closing down of the site .
“ Today there has been a mini skip delivered to the site and the indigenous community are involved in cleaning up the site. ” However , activist Wayne Wharton has written to Cr Quirk expressing their `` absolute disgust '' that the Lord Mayor `` would seek to move against the Brisbane Aboriginal Sovereign Embassy '' . Mr Wharton 's letter says Cr Quirk could not claim any legitimacy or consent based on the people in attendance at the meeting on Wednesday . `` We want an urgent community meeting next Wednesday here at the embassy [ not behind closed doors ] to discuss the management plan and the handing back of Jaggera , '' Mr Wharton writes . Asked whether they were worried about a community backlash , Cr Quirk said : “ In any community you are always going to find there is a difference of view but I think overwhelmingly we have a situation where the elders of the community want it closed and that is the decision we 've taken at this time . ”
Cr Quirk said work on the future of the Jaggera Community Hall was taking time and the council would continue to offer assistance to the indigenous community “ to come up with their model for self-governance ” . “ I 've indicated very clearly to the indigenous community that I would like to see them be in a position of self-governance of the Jaggera Community Hall – we 've offered assistance in terms of that , '' they said . “ But any model that is adopted has to be the model of the indigenous community – I do n't want to be making those decisions for them. ” Comment is being sought from tent embassy figures .
Silent Hunter III is a submarine simulation developed by Ubisoft Bucharest and published by Ubisoft . It was released for Windows on March 15 , 2005 . Like Silent Hunter II , it places the player in command of a German U-boat during the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II .
Gameplay [ edit ]
Silent Hunter III features a dynamic campaign . Instead of giving the player a specific set of objectives for each mission , Silent Hunter III simply assigns the player a certain patrol grid , and appropriate naval traffic , such as convoys , destroyer escorts , and task forces are automatically generated by the simulation engine . How the mission proceeds and what targets are attacked is determined by the player .
Silent Hunter III features two methods of play - either a dynamic campaign or select historically-inspired missions , such as an operation to save the German battleship Bismarck , or the sinking of HMS Royal Oak in Scapa Flow .
U-boat campaign [ edit ]
In the campaign version of the game , a player begins their career as a `` Lieutenant , Jr. '' ( corresponding to Leutnant zur See ) , with the choice of initial assignments to a U-boat base between the years 1939 and 1943 . The war time and political situation of World War II is reflected in the geographical area and time period which the player begins their career .
The Silent Hunter III campaign will assign the player a certain patrol grid with appropriate naval traffic ( such as convoys , destroyer escorts , and task forces ) automatically generated by the simulation engine . How the mission proceeds and what targets are attacked is left totally up to the player . The player also has the option to change realism settings on the submarine , adding challenges such as fuel being limited as well as various game play assistance features involving navigation , weapons , and the ability to switch to external camera mode to view the submarine 's surroundings .
The most difficult realism setting in the game allows a player to manually target torpedoes for an attack on enemy vessels . In the manual targeting feature , the player must observe vessels , determine their class and nationality , as well as calculate speed , angle on the bow , and gyro angle for torpedo launch . The player also has the option to set torpedo depth and spread shot with multiple weapons . De-selecting manual targeting allows a `` Weapons Officer '' to make these determinations for the player , although approaching targets at certain angles and determining relative motion is still a factor .
The simulation engine further generates various coastal and port cities , which appear as large harbors surrounded on the outskirts by town buildings , churches , and factories . It is possible for the player to sail into such ports ( friendly , neutral , or hostile ) and either dock or engage moored targets . Some of the cities available are Portsmouth , Scapa Flow , New York City , Norfolk , Virginia , and Tampa , Florida . Although possible to sail to South America and into the Pacific , the simulation will not generate traffic or port cities for these regions .
The game features a fully 3D U-boat control room , allowing the player the ability to look around the interior of certain submarine rooms . Unlike other submarine simulations , where the crew is often heard but not seen , Silent Hunter III allows the player to see and interact with crew members . The game also tracks the stats of individual crew members , such as rank , experience , morale , and decorations between missions .
Reception [ edit ]
The game received `` universal acclaim '' upon release according to video game review aggregator Metacritic . [ 1 ] According to NPD Group , Silent Hunter III sold 26,600 copies by June 2005 . [ 12 ]
The editors of Computer Game Magazine presented Silent Hunter III with their 2005 `` Best Simulation '' award , and named it the year 's third-best computer game . They wrote , `` Are sims dead ? Not when they 're this good . `` [ 13 ] It also won the `` Best Simulation 2005 '' award from PC Gamer US , whose editors called the game `` simply an amazing voyage . `` [ 14 ]
See also [ edit ]
Prince Edward Island
Transgender woman files human rights complaint alleging discrimination at salon
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by Email
' I have absolutely no issues with transgender people , ' says salon owner
Kristen McKay , a transgender woman living Charlottetown , has filed a complaint with the Prince Edward Island Human Rights Commission alleging a local salon discriminated against them ( Krystalle Ramlakhan/CBC )
A transgender woman in Charlottetown has filed a complaint with the P.E.I . Human Rights Commission alleging they were refused service at a local salon because of their transgender status .
Kristen McKay says they went into Carrie 's Esthetic Salon in downtown Charlottetown on Tuesday afternoon to get their nails and makeup done and for makeup lessons .
ADVERTISEMENT
'It is discrimination . I 'm a human being . I have rights . ' - Kristen McKay
McKay said a woman at the salon informed them that they did n't do services for men , and when McKay replied that she 's not a man but a transgender woman , McKay was still refused service .
`` I felt like I was a piece of garbage . I was worthless , '' said McKay .
In a written statement , salon owner Carrie MacFadyen said they would serve a transgender customer if they felt safe and secure in a room alone with them .
McKay said MacFadyen tried to give them an address for another salon to get their nails done , but McKay refused . They left , filed a complaint with P.E.I . Human Rights Commission and went to the media with my story .
' I 'm a human being '
`` It is discrimination . I 'm a human being . I have rights and people should know what people 's rights are and if you 're going to run a business you should know what rights are , '' said McKay .
But MacFadyen said their issue was with safety .
`` It is unfortunate that the situation is being referred to as a transgender issue when the only issue is about my safety . I have absolutely no issues with transgender people and support their cause , '' MacFadyen said in the statement .
It goes on to say that McKay is often standing or sitting on the street where MacFadyen parks their car and that — along with the fact that McKay then showed up at their work — made them uneasy .
`` Carrie works in a small private business as the only employee . Knowing that Kristen is transgender does not change the fact they do not feel safe and secure in a room alone with her , without others around . After their interaction Kristen left the business yelling which confirmed Carrie 's concern , '' said the email .
McKay said she 's speaking out because they want other transgender people to feel comfortable to live openly . She 's asking for a public apology from the salon .
Carrie 's Esthetics Salon owner Carrie MacFadyen says they has 'absolutely no issues with transgender people and support their cause . ' ( CBC )
Gender identity , expression protected grounds
The P.E.I . Human Rights Commission does n't comment on specific cases , but executive director Brenda Picard said sex , gender , gender identity and gender expression are protected grounds covered under the Human Rights Commission .
'It is unfortunate that the situation is being referred to as a transgender issue when the only issue is about my safety . ' - Salon owner Carrie MacFadyen
If someone feels they 've been discriminated against on those grounds or anything covered under the P.E.I . Human Rights Act , they said , they 're encouraged to contact the Human Rights Commission .
If a complaint is filed , a copy is sent to the accused and they 're given an opportunity to file a response with an explanation and their version of events .
The commission does not represent the complainant , said Picard , and individuals , businesses , or organizations are encouraged to contact the commission for help and advice .
The commission can help parties enter negotiation and mediation . If that does n't work there may be an investigation by a Human Rights Commission lawyer to determine if there is basis for a hearing .
From Labor 's rebranded ‘ Dan Andrews ' to the Coalition 's grainy black and white attack ads ( streaked red with the blood of cage fighters ) and a truly bizarre independent 's anthem in praise of tradies , Victoria 's election videos are a mixed bunch to say the least
The Victorian election campaign has n't exactly been a titanic struggle of competing visions .
It has mostly consisted of small targets , narrowly scripted doggerel and a flurry of funding promises aimed at marginal seats . Our very own Gay Alcorn may well have summed it up best by calling the election “ somehow shrivelled up , a long list of set piece promises , many tiny , without a larger story . ”
The political advertising that has accompanied this campaign has largely been risible and with the media-buying escalating as we approach Saturday 's poll , it is largely inescapable if you are minded to watch commercial TV .
But there is a clutch of standout ads that have grabbed the attention , for comical reasons or for their sheer awfulness .
At first , it 's hard to see what Jeff Bartram , independent candidate for the upper house , is trying to get at in this epic four-minute music video .
We see Bartram emerge , in their underwear , from a box , leading a continuous chant of “ goin ' to uni ” as shorts and high-vis vests fly onto the bodies of the tradies who are seemingly being deified over slovenly , befuddled university graduates .
One useless uni grad is shown wallowing in a paddling pool gorging on watermelon fed to them by a woman but things take a darker turn when – rather controversially – they attempt suicide in the bath . A completely mind-boggling ad that will have the words “ tradesman 's entrance ” whirring around your election-hating mind .
Whatever your political allegiance , you 'd have to feel a tad sorry for Greens candidates in rural areas . Dismissed as latte-guzzling inner city types , Greens do n't do well convincing farmers to vote for them .
This effort by Carl Sudholz surely wo n't do any harm . To the tune of Johnny Comes Marching Home , Sudholz is shown gyrating around the rural seat of Lowan , in eastern Victoria , simply urging people to “ vote for someone else . ”
Depressingly , the vast majority of Victorian election ads are the negative attack kinds , overwhelmingly aimed at either Liberal or Labor . Premier Denis Napthine 's face has been shown to meld awkwardly with that of Tony Abbott , while Labor leader Daniel Andrews ' links with the CFMEU have been endlessly aired .
This Liberal ad continues the CMFEU theme , but comes with a twist . “ What kind of Victoria do you want ? ” asks a voiceover before , astonishingly , showing a bloodied , screaming man inside a cage .
“ Daniel Andrews wants to turn Victoria into the cage fighting state , ” the voiceover explains . “ Is this what you want ? ” it asks , zooming in on the fighter 's mangled visage . Clearly there are some vital swinging anti-cage fighting voters out there . Somewhere .
Who is Daniel Andrews ? Yes , it 's a struggle , I know . What about Dan Andrews instead ? Bingo .
Early in the campaign , Labor attempted to soften its leader 's image while also increasing their profile . Thus Daniel became Dan and we were treated to this ad of Andrews smiling serenely beside the Yarra . “ Hi , I 'm Dan Andrews , ” they say , in a kind of see-I'm-a-good-bloke-lets-have-a-nice-tea-and-biscuit-together kind of way .
“ My daughter Grace asks me why I 'm in politics when there are nasty ads about me on TV , ” Dan tells us , as they walk around a park with their children , pushing them on swings until they are sick of it . “ It 's like school , sometimes kids say things about you to take attention away from themselves . ”
It 's not hard to see the kind of negative advertising that Dan Andrews is peeved at . Pictures of the Labor leader in black and white , sweating and looking rather dim are not only on TV but billboards , newspapers and online .
The Liberals have campaigned hard against Labor 's spending promises , claiming that $ 32bn has been pledged without any explanation of how it will be paid for .
To highlight this , the Liberals have devised a fun ( OK , not really that fun ) game where you can try to control a picture of Andrews , with helicopter blades on their head , to stop them making their crazy spending promises . This game has n't exactly gone viral .
The audio :
11-16hhs-cruz
The transcript :
HH : I am joined by United States Senator Ted Cruz . Senator Cruz , welcome to the program , always good to have you .
TC : Thank you , Hugh , it 's great to be with you .
HH : Let me play for you the first of the President 's two amazing cuts today , cut number 13 :
BO : What I 'm not interested in doing is posing or pursuing some notion of American leadership or America winning , or whatever other slogans they come up with that has no relationship to what is actually going to work to protect the American people and to protect people in the region who are getting killed , and protect our allies and people like France .
HH : So Senator Cruz , the President said he 's not interested in posing or pursuing some notion of American leadership or American winning , dismissing them as slogans and posturing . What do you think of that ?
TC : I think in that one sentence , President Obama has summed up the entirety of the Obama-Clinton foreign policy . There is not a more stunning indictment of what has happened in the last seven years than their statement that he 's not interested in American leadership or America winning . And indeed , the next sentence that they said after that was I do n't have time for that . and I 've got to day , my view is precisely to the opposite . What should our strategy be with respect to radical Islamic terrorism ? Well , paraphrasing Ronald Reagan , with regard to the Cold War , I think our strategy should be very simple . We win , they lose . And the reason right now we 're not winning is the President does n't believe in American leadership and America winning , and that 's why the bad guys are on the rise , and the world 's getting more and more dangerous .
HH : Now Senator Cruz , Twitter is full of people saying that when we play that quote , we 're taking them out of context , that they were blasting the Donald Trump 's and the Ted Cruz of the world , and they actually do believe in American leadership and America winning , even though they said he 's not interested in posing or pursuing some notion of American leadership or whatever other slogan they come up with .
TC : Well look , it 's important to put this in context with what President Hollande said in France , which was in response to this terrorist attack , they said that they and the other leaders of Europe would act together and respond to it , and noticeably missing was the United States of America . And I do n't think that is an accident . The last terrorist attack that occurred in Paris , when world leaders came together to march in unison with our French friends , nowhere to be found was President Obama . Nowhere to be found was Hillary Clinton . Nowhere to be found was John Kerry . And we have seen for seven years what President Obama themselves characterized as leading from behind , which is quite simply , America not leading and America not winning , and that is why every region on the face of the Earth has gotten worse . We have been abandoning our friends and allies . And we have been coddling and appeasing our enemies . And it is profoundly dangerous and profoundly foolish .
HH : Let me play for you the second most memorable quote of the day from the President , Senator Cruz . This is wherein he 's speaking about , I believe Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio and maybe you , cut number 15 :
BO : And when I hear folks say that well , maybe we should just admit the Christians but not the Muslims , when I hear political leaders suggesting that there would be a religious test for which person whose fleeing from a war-torn country is admitted , when some of those folks themselves come from families who 've benefited from protection when they were fleeing political persecution ? That 's shameful . That 's not American . It 's not who we are . We do n't have religious tests to our compassion .
HH : Senator Cruz , that 's shameful , that 's not America , that 's not who we are . What do you think ?
TC : Well look , I appreciate Barack Obama calling me un-American , and that is reminiscent of the vitriol with which they treat conservatives . Indeed , just like Hillary Clinton said their enemy is Republicans , Barack Obama views anyone who stands with the American people , and for keeping the American people safe as apparently un-American . And listen , that comment , it embodies the consistent refusal of President Obama and Hillary Clinton and their entire administration to ever even utter the words radical Islamic terrorism . The President laughingly tried to characterize this attack in Paris as simply a manifestation of some sort of inchoate , violent extremism . It is a particular dangerous enemy we face . It is a theocratic and political philosophy of Islamism that the radical Islamic terrorists are driven to murder anyone who does not share their extreme faith . And a big part of the reason we are not effectively combating radical Islamic terrorism indeed as the President readily acknowledged they have no strategy to do so , is because they will not acknowledge the enemy we are fighting . And so President Obama and Hillary Clinton 's proposal to bring tens of thousands of Syrian Muslim refugees to America are nothing short of lunacy . If you look at , at least one of these terrorists who attacked in Paris was a Syrian refugee . Of the Syrian refugees who have entered Europe , one estimate was that 77 % of them are young men . That is a very unusual demographic for a refugee wave . And indeed , the U.S. Director of National Intelligence has said it is clear that among those refugees are likely a significant number of ISIS terrorists entering Europe . It is inexplicable that President Obama would want to bring in refugees when this administration has no idea if the refugees they are bringing are ISIS terrorists . And ISIS wants to carry out the very same sort of political attack in America that they carried out in Paris . And it is really a sad and indeed , to use President Obama 's own terms , a shameful thing that our commander-in-chief puts their political correctness and their ideology ahead of their solemn obligation to be commander-in-chief , and to protect the lives of innocent men and women in this country .
HH : Senator Cruz , would you allow , say , three year old orphans in as refugees right now from the Syrian battle zone ?
TC : Oh , sure , sure . Look , look , our refugee policy with regard to young children and orphans , now look , when it comes to being a refugee , we have always required that people be a legitimate victim of persecution . You know , one of my biggest concerns with the Gang of 8 bills is that it dramatically lessened the restrictions on refugee policies so it would have given President Obama the power to bring in a great many more refugees from the Middle East without properly screening them for whether they 're national security threats . But that 's also why , Hugh , I 've said that a different standard should apply to the Middle Eastern Christians . Why ? Because number one , the Christians are facing religious persecution and genocide . ISIS is crucifying them . ISIS is beheading them . And U.S. law has always recognized that when a religious minority like the Christians are being persecuted and facing genocide , that a different standard applies . That 's been true for decades , if not hundreds of years . And the President is engaged in sophistry when they ignore that , but they ignore the fact that ISIS consists of radical Islamic terrorists . Indeed , the President , astonishingly , argues the Islamic State is not Islamic . That is a level of Orwellian double speak that boggles the mind .
HH : Now over at pro-Obama websites like Talking Point Memos , TPM News , there are headlines . Ignore the freakout . Here 's what Obama really said about “ America winning. ” And they 're attempting to contextualize away their entire set of remarks today . But I 'll , if I had the time , I 'd play the whole thing , Ted Cruz .
TC : Sure .
HH : It 's an indictment of their ideology .
TC : It is a profound indictment , and there 's a reason , Hugh . You know , a lot of people are confused . Why would a president not want America to lead ? Why would a president not want America to win ? And you have to understand the radical…
HH : Or mock those who say that , or who mock those…
TC : Yeah .
HH : Even if that 's all they are doing , why would you mock people who said that ?
TC : But the reason is you have to understand the radical that is President Obama . You know , Barack Obama was four years ahead of me at Harvard Law School . And I have described President Obama as the perfect Harvard Law School president . And I do n't mean that as a compliment . My wife jokes that eventually , they 're going to revoke my law degree . But the reason is as follows . Every view of the Obama administration is orthodox wisdom in the Harvard Law School faculty lounge , and the view of the elite academy . And Hugh , you know the elite academy very , very well . The view of the elite academy is that America 's leadership in the world is fundamentally illegitimate , that it is the product of oppression and hegemony , it is a remnant of an evil imperialism . That is what manifests it in Obama saying we should lead from behind . They believe the world is better off when America recedes from the world and does n't lead , because our leadership is illegitimate . And if you look at what President Obama has done for seven years , along with Hillary Clinton , it has been to abandon our friends and allies , whether the U.K. , whether Canada , whether Israel , and to appease and to show weakness towards our enemies . The reason Obama was not marching with France is because they think America should n't be leading and should n't be winning . And it 's not a malevolent desire . It is an extreme ideological view that American leadership is illegitimate , and that is so contrary to the view of the American people .
HH : Then let me , Senator Cruz , in the two minutes we have left , an email surfaced from Huma Abedin from January of 2013 telling another State Department aide to be very careful to brief the Secretary of State who was taking a nap , because they are often confused . That 's a direct quote . They are often confused . If you watched the Saturday night debate , they were confused about the authorization of use of military force . They were very proud to come from the 60s . But I am curious what do you make of that email ? What do you think of their allegiance to the Obama policies , however they state them , however coherently or incoherently ? And is they part of the same ideology you just discussed ?
TC : Look , I do n't know about their health or their state of confusion or lack thereof . But what I can say is that their foreign policy , their tenure as Secretary of State , was a manifest disaster . Every region on Earth has gotten worse . They presided over alienating and abusing the nation of Israel , alienating and abandoning our allies . They presided over the disaster that was Libya . That was their war . And it resulted in radical Islamic terrorists coming to the rise . They presided over throwing overboard our ally , Egypt , and through their leadership and Obama 's leadership , setting the stage for the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood . The rise of radical Islamic terrorism is a direct consequence of the weakness and failures of the Obama-Clinton foreign policy . And whether they are fully with it or not , that policy has been an absolute disaster .
HH : Last question with one minute , then , what would Ted Cruz ' policy be vis-à-vis the Islamic State right now ? Would you go in , Desert Storm-style ? Would you support France in massive bombings ? What would Ted Cruz do if you were President Cruz ?
TC : The commander-in-chief should set an objective . We will defeat radical Islamic terrorism , and we will destroy ISIS . We should use overwhelming air power . To put it in context , in the first Persian Gulf war , we were launching 1,100 air strikes a day . Right now , Obama 's launching between 15 and 30 . It 's utterly ineffective . It 's photo op foreign policy . We need massive air power combined with arming the Kurds . The Kurds are our allies . They are fighting ISIS . They are our boots on the ground . And we should stand with France and Europe and utterly defeat ISIS through air power , arming the Kurds , and doing whatever it takes to destroy and defeat them .
HH : Senator Ted Cruz , always a pleasure . I will see you in Las Vegas , and I hope to talk to you before then , Senator .
TC : Thank you , Hugh , and I will say this . I hope in Las Vegas , you get an awful lot more questions . It would make for a much better debate .
HH : I 'm sure we 're going to do it . I 'm sure it 's going to be a national security debate , and I know it 's going to be , it 's going to be important , as opposed to the one we saw on Saturday night . Thank you , Senator .
End of interview .
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Nick Foles tied the NFL single-game record of seven touchdown passes in Sunday 's 49-20 win against the Oakland Raiders .
Nick Foles tied an NFL single-game record with their seventh TD pass Sunday against Oakland . AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez
Foles ' 5-yard touchdown throw to Riley Cooper , the wide receiver 's third scoring catch of the game , tied the record shared by Peyton Manning , Joe Kapp , Y.A . Tittle , George Blanda , Adrian Burk and Sid Luckman .
Manning threw seven touchdown passes against the Baltimore Ravens in the season opener this year .
Burk accomplished the feat in 1954 for the Eagles against Washington , so Foles also tied the Eagles ' franchise record .
Foles missed last week 's game against the New York Giants after sustaining a concussion the week before in a loss to the Dallas Cowboys .
Foles completed just 11-of-29 passes for 80 yards in the Dallas game , leading to debate whether they could be the Eagles ' No . 1 quarterback .
Foles responded with a career game Sunday against Oakland . Their record-tying toss to Cooper came with 4:28 left in the third quarter . Foles returned for another series at the end of the third quarter , but the Eagles punted . They were replaced by Matt Barkley in the fourth quarter .
Foles finished 22 of 28 for 406 yards against the Raiders .
Online only- Persistent internet connection and PlayStationPlus or XboxLive Membership required .
The Elder Scrolls Online : Tamriel Unlimited is the first next generation online roleplaying game , delivering a true Elder Scrolls story in a persistent online world . Become the hero you always wanted to be and play the way YOU like .
Online only - Persistent internet connection and PlayStation Plus or Xbox Live Gold Membership required . Additional costs may apply .
The Elder Scrolls Online : Tamriel Unlimited is the first next generation online roleplaying game , delivering a true Elder Scrolls story in a persistent online world . Become the hero you always wanted to be and play the way YOU like . Finish the epic story or help your alliance on the battlefield ; the choices are yours to make .
The Elder Scrolls Online is set roughly 1,000 years before the events in The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim and the coming of the Dragonborn , and just before the rise of the Tiber Septim , the first Emperor of Tamriel . Three Alliances have emerged across the continent , each struggling for supremacy over the land . As these great powers battle one another for control of the Imperial City - and with it all of Tamriel - darker forces are moving to destroy the world .
UNLIMITED ADVENTURES , NO GAME SUBSCRIPTION REQUIRED .
THE ELDER SCROLLS . ONLINE .
After 21 years of best-selling , award-winning fantasy role-playing games , the Elder Scrolls series goes online on consoles .
PLAY THE WAY YOU LIKE
Battle , craft , fish , steal , siege , or explore . The choice is yours to make in a persistent Elder Scrolls world .
A MULTIPLAYER RPG
Adventure alone , quest with friends , or join an army of hundreds in epic PVP battles .
TELL YOUR OWN STORY
Discover the secrets of Tamriel as you quest to regain your lost soul and save the world from Oblivion .
Jim Tomkovicz : By way of background and context , I am a native Angeleno and lifelong Dodger fan , born downtown at Third and Alvarado , raised and schooled in the San Fernando Valley . I moved to the Midwest for a career in the early '80s . Six or seven years ago I was visiting L.A. with my then-teenage daughter . We were attending Mass in the Valley and were a bit early . As we pulled into the lot to park , the prior service was just ending . When I saw a man walking across the lot , I exclaimed , `` THAT 'S VIN SCULLY ! '' I hastily parked , got out , and walked up to them before they could reach their vehicle , asking if I could take my daughter 's picture with him . They said , `` of course , '' but my daughter insisted that I should pose with Vin instead . After the shot , I informed them that as a little boy I would fall asleep at night to their voice coming from the prized transistor radio under my pillow ! Without missing a beat , ever-humble Vinny replied , `` I tend to have that effect on a lot of people ! ''
Jon Stewart sobered up again on “ The Daily Show ” on Wednesday night to reflect on the tragedy of the terrorist attack at the Paris office of the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo , which left some of France 's most notable journalists dead .
“ I know very few people who go into comedy as an act of courage , ” Stewart said . “ Mainly because it should n't have to to be that . It should n't be an act of courage , it should be taken as established law . ”
“ But those guys at Hebdo had it , and they were killed for their cartoons , ” they added .
Twelve people were killed when gunmen stormed the newspaper 's headquarters in Paris on Wednesday . Among the dead were the paper 's editor , Stephane Charbonnier , and several notable cartoonists .
Other late-night hosts chimed in , noting that their jobs — to poke fun at people who are often viewed as untouchable — make this tragedy all the more chilling .
“ In this country we just take it for granted that it 's our right to poke fun at the untouchable and the sacred , ” Conan O'Brien noted . “ It 's a right that some people are inexplicably forced to die for . ”
The deaths at Charlie Hebdo have forced people around the world to “ think twice before making a joke , ” O'Brien said .
“ That 's not the way it 's supposed to be , ” they added .
Speaking on Jimmy Kimmel 's late night show , Bill Maher , who described themselves as a “ satirist , ” took it even further .
“ To bring it home to us , because we are satirists — and I am a satirist who deals with this subject particularly — it 's kind of scary that some people say you can not make a joke , ” Maher said . “ We have to stop saying , ‘ Well , we should not insult a great religion . ' First of all , there are no great religions ; they 're all stupid and dangerous . And we should insult them , and we should be able to insult whatever we want . That is what free speech is like . ”
Stewart 's comments came in the opening moments of the show , in which they noted that 2014 had not been a “ great year for people . ”
It is a “ stark reminder that for the most part , the legislators and journalists and institutions that we jab and ridicule are not in any way the enemy , ” Stewart added . “ For however frustrating or outraged the back and forth becomes , it is still back and forth , a conversation among those on , let 's call it , ‘ team civilization . ' ”
“ But this kind of violence only clarifies this reality , ” Stewart noted .
Jon Stewart :
Conan O'Brien :
Bill Maher :
Published days before 2014 's Asian American Heritage Month opens , Neal Rubin ( @ nealrubin_dn ) of the The Detroit News ( one of the city 's conservative papers ) has written one of the most bizarre , incoherent and irresponsible stories to-date on the Vincent Chin murder . ( Note : Rubin and/or their editors have since made numerous changes to the story ; thanks to reader @ DorisTruong for pulling a cached version that appeared prior to the edits , .pdf )
Vincent Chin 's brutal death at the hands of Detroit autoworkers Ronald Ebens and Michael Nitz 32 years ago remains a watershed moment in Asian American history . Faced with the unmistakable evidence that Chin 's killing was a racially motivated hate crime , Asian Americans across the nation united across ethnic boundaries to seek justice for Chin 's murder.Despite these efforts , both killers were sentenced to no jail time and a minimal fine for their parts in Chin 's death .
Under the headline “ What we all assume we know about the Vincent Chin case probably is n't so “ , Rubin rejected the documented facts . Instead , they penned today an alternate history : a weird screed so sensationalized , incoherent , and libelous that it seems more appropriate for the pages of a tabloid magazine than a newspaper of any repute . In so doing , Rubin reopens for Asian Americans the painful memory of a traumatizing miscarriage of justice , and pours salt into the wound with unfounded hearsay .
To say that the Asian American community is outraged would be an understatement .
Scholars of Asian American history will remember the critical details of Chin 's death : Chin was at the Fancy Pants gentleman 's club with their friends for their bachelor party on the night of their beating . A fight broke out in the club between them and Ebens and Nitz , and all were ejected . Later , Ebens and Nitz armed themselves with a baseball bat from Ebens ' car , and stalked Chin to the parking lot of a nearby McDonald 's . There , the two White men beat Chin to death . During the subsequent trial , Ebens and Nitz faced hate crime charges supported by witness testimony that the two men were upset on the night of Chin 's death over competition between Japanese and American auto manufacturers that had led to many layoffs in Detroit including Nitz 's , and further that they uttered racial slurs during the fatal beating .
Rubin 's alternate history — ostensibly presented as a refutation to an off-the-cuff reference to the Chin murder in an unrelated article in The New York Times — is based on three counter-points to the accepted narrative of Vincent Chin 's death , virtually none salient . First , Rubin refutes that Chin 's death was related to the flagging Detroit auto industry , writing :
Neither [ Ebens nor Nitz ] was unemployed , however , one worked for a furniture chain , and the only testimony connecting the crime to fury over the auto industry was so dubious that a jury in a federal civil rights trial rejected it .
According to Rubin , Chin 's blood alcohol level that night — 0.14 — is also relevant ( heaven forbid a man imbibe drinks during their bachelor party ! ) , as is the fact that Ebens and Nitz 's trial judge was a prisoner of war under the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II ( as if this somehow refutes characterizations of the outcome of the trial as a miscarriage of justice ) . As for the “ dubious ” witness testimony linking Ebens and Nitz 's crime to the auto industry , Rubin spends several paragraphs on prurient finger-wagging against witness Racine Colwell , who worked at the Fancy Pants Lounge and whose testimony served as a basis for the hate crimes charges . But , according to Rubin :
It was in the federal trials that a bottomless dancer named Racine Colwell claimed that Ebens had snarled , “ It 's because of you ( bleeps ) we 're out of work. ” Colwell arrived in court in Detroit without underwear . Prosecutors had to scramble to find them a topcoat . “ Forget about the underwear , ” Kiska says . “ She was so wacky , so out to lunch , it was hard to believe her. ” Them testimony is the source for what 's now accepted as the truth .
This prurient refutation of Colwell 's testimony is as bizarre as it is irresponsible , seeming to hinge upon the unspoken and titillating assertion that either sex workers or women who choose to go commando ( or both ? ) are automatically inclined to commit perjury when offering testimony in a court of law . Racine Colwell was n't wearing underwear ? They are clearly a liar .
Neither Ebens and Nitz 's employment status nor Chin 's blood alcohol content refute the argument that a hate crime took place that night , and Judge Kaufman 's time in a Japanese prison camp seems immaterial . Thus , what Rubin achieves with their article is to muddy the waters with sensationalized gossip over Racine Colwell 's panty status , and seasoned with a heavy dose of largely irrelevant information .
And why ? Because , writes Rubin , apparently what “ we ” believe about the Vincent Chin murder is incorrect . But , it seems clear that the “ we ” of Rubin 's piece are people who did n't care enough about the Vincent Chin case to get the facts straight in the first place . Rubin 's “ we ” may well be a royal usage referencing Rubin themselves ( and in that , I agree — Rubin obviously has made some poor assumptions about the Vincen Chin murder ) , but their “ we ” clearly does not encompass the vast majority of Asian Americans .
In truth , we , Asian Americans , have never painted a glorified image of Vincent Chin that omits the fact that they were drunk on the night of their death or that they may have thrown the first punch . We have never asserted that Ebens and Nitz were both unemployed .
We , Asian Americans , have consistently maintained that the circumstances of Chin 's death are complex ; but , we have also further asserted that a bar brawl gone awry does not mitigate the fact of Chin 's subsequent beating as racially charged retaliation on the part of Ebens and Nitz . That Chin threw the first punch in the Fancy Pants Lounge does not excuse Ebens and Nitz hurling racial slurs at Chin in the club . That Chin challenged Ebens and Nitz to a fight upon ejection of the club does not refute that Ebens and Nitz armed themselves with a baseball bat and paid a man $ 20 to help them track Chin down after they ran away . That Judge Kaufman spent time in a Japanese prison camp does not justify an impossibly lenient sentence for the racially motivated taking of a human life .
Rubin 's article is irresponsibly bad journalism that cherry picks the facts based almost exclusively on the opinions of reporter Tim Kiska , who covered the original Ebens and Nitz trial . Rubin writes in their own comments section that they have wanted to point “ this ” out at least a half dozen times in regards to Chin 's case ; apparently , writing a piece to blame the victim in Vincent Chin 's death ( or at least to paint them as the aggressor ) has been a burning desire of Rubin 's for some time now .
Rubin 's article asserts that Chin 's actions earlier in the evening are critical information for understanding their subsequent murder . They argue that Chin 's decision — to meet racial epithets hurled in their direction with force — are neither understandable nor excusable . Rubin believes instead that the blame for Chin 's death should be spread if not evenly between all players , at least shifted more in Chin 's direction . If only Chin had not acted “ aggressively ” against Ebens and Nitz they might not have been killed . If only Chin had been more well-behaved . If only Chin had known their place .
It 's absolutely true that we should n't believe everything written about the circumstances of Chin 's murder . And , Neal Rubin 's lazy writing seems to be one of those things .
Update ( 4/30/2014 9:45AM ) : The Asian American Journalists Association ( AAJA ) has released a statement condemning Rubin 's piece for a failure to achieve “ fair and accurate journalism ” , and are calling on The Detroit News to work with them in discussing Rubin 's column . Here is a link to their full statement .
Also , it has come to my attention that Rubin has since the publication of their original piece and this response been wildly changing their original article . The version of Rubin 's piece that now loads at this link differs significantly from the version that I read in formulating this response ; while much of the points remain , the article has been re-written and polished in terms of tone and language . There has been no indication in the article that it has been modified since its original publication ; failure to inform readers that the article has been altered since its original publication is itself an example of poor journalism .
If anyone has knowledge of how to pull a cached version of the article from April 29th , that would be most helpful .
Stay tuned to this post for more updates as they unfold .
Update ( 4/30/2014 10:00AM ) : UC Hastings law professor Frank Wu ( @ FrankHWu ) weighs in . Also , an earlier version of this post had mispelled Judge Kaufman 's name .
Update ( 4/30/2014 10:00PM ) : Asian Americans Advancing Justice-Los Angeles ( @ AAAJ_LA ) issues a statement , as does the Asian Pacific American Affairs Commision of the state of Michigan .
Update ( 5/1/2014 12:00PM ) : Thanks to the work of reader @ DorisTruong , the cached original of Rubin 's piece is now available ( .pdf ) . The chief difference is in the final paragraphs , which in the original was tantamount to arguing that Chin 's murder was the outcome of a barfight ( in which Chin was the agressor , the piece argues earlier ) gone horribly wrong .
Travel Note 26th August 2016 The Sunkid Heege Butterfly is a small V-shaped family coaster that can be found all over Europe , with over seventy known examples as of this writing . Quite a few are located in parks that one would be hard pressed to visit without a child in tow , but many more are located in public gardens or nature parks that have plenty to interest all ages . Some enthusiasts take the view that these rides are not countable , but I 'd argue that they fall into the same category as Half Pipes , Impulse Coasters , and even Shuttle Loops , and in any case rule one applies : it 's my list , and I 'll count what I like . Day seven of our trip was geared mainly around a fair taking place in Nürnberg , but we had a few spare hours in the morning that we decided to use for butterfly hunting .
Affen- und Vogelpark 26th August 2016 Our first stop was at Monkey and Bird Park , located on the side of a mountain roughly seventy kilometers to the east of Köln . The entrance was at the top of the facility , and the tour route worked its way down a fifty metre difference in elevation to a set of Zierer Jet Skis at the base . This attraction was the only one to require an operator , but the place was littered with self-operated rides , including an inclined railway car to bring the terminally lazy ( and us ) back to the main entrance . We started our exploration with an indoor hall that featured a variety of playground equipment as well as a half scale Nautic Jet and a motorised two-person swing . One whole side was devoted to a giant inflatable trampoline pillow in alternating red and yellow stripes , and all remaining space was filled with trees and plants . It was quickly apparent that the coaster must be elsewhere , and thus we went back outside and followed the path past meerkats , cows , and a huge variety of colourful birds . In due course we arrived at the Butterfly ( # 2287 ) where we deposited a fifty cent coin for a fun ( if somewhat silly ) ride . Megan had yet to experience some of the other Heege products , and they took the chance to try out two of them here . The first was Skydive , a seated zip line with a lift mechanism that allows one rider at a time to move back and forth along the same cable . The basic design has been a huge success over the years , with the manufacturer celebrating its 250th installation at Parc de la Vallee in 2013 . They also tried Luna Loop , a single car equivalent to the Chance Rides Rok-N-Roll with manual controls allowing the two victims passengers to control their own rotation speed . The real highlight of the visit , however , was the squirrel monkeys . A member of staff provided us with a small quantity of monkey food , which The War Department attempted to deliver in a methodical fashion . The little critters had other ideas , however : one slowly crawled up their arm before settling on their shoulder for a relaxed lunch . As designated photographer I did n't get too close , but I 'm reliably informed that their hands and feet were soft as velvet , making them adorable .
Familienpark Herne 26th August 2016 We anticipated that our second stop would be a fifteen minute hit and run at the outside , as indeed it was . Familienpark Herne makes up a small section of the larger Gysenberg Park , a public garden spanning a thirty-one hectare area . The ride area comprised a typical selection of Heege products as well as another set of Zierer Jet Skis , go-karts , and a giant slide whose €0.50 charge was being collected using an honesty box at its base . The €1 Butterfly ( # 2288 ) needed new brake pads , but all that really served to do was extend our cycle to almost two minutes of rocking back and forth before the stopping mechanism finally engaged .
Tier und Freizeitpark Gut Eversum 26th August 2016 We had an inauspicious start to our third park of the day when we found an almost empty car park and a deserted reception area . There was nobody around to give money to , and when someone turned up a few minutes later they did n't want to take it either ; instead , they tried to explain something in extremely slow and methodical German , which proved just as incomprehensible as the rapid fire kind . We eventually determined that we were supposed to pay on the way out , a very positive reflection on local trustworthiness that became even more remarkable when the desk was still empty when we left an hour later . We had exact change available and duly pushed it underneath the door in the hope that it would eventually find its way to the right place . The first thirty minutes of our visit was devoted to the various animal exhibits , including a set of squirrel monkeys that , unlike their cousins from earlier in the day , were more interested in the shade than in their human visitors . We walked past a urinating ostrich into an enclosure with a range of kangaroos and emus , as well as an aviary . As we explored it became evident that the facilities were both less spacious and less clean than those at Affen- und Vogelpark indicating a lower budget operation , though it was still far better than some of the parks I 've visited . We climbed a set of stairs up to the start point for three short alpine slides built out of concrete troughs , the longest of which stretched roughly seventy metres in length . All looked to have been out of use for some time , though ; we did n't see anywhere to procure the required sleds and the tracks were covered in fallen leaves . There was also a decent sized miniature golf course and ( surprisingly ) another set of Zierer Jet Skis , though there was no operator in sight and even if there had been we 'd probably have chosen to abstain based on the colour of the water . A one hundred metre long building near the entrance was devoted to a model railway proudly advertised as the largest O-scale railway in Europe . Though technically accurate , the sheer number of scales makes this a fairly meaningless metric , especially when one considers the existence of the HO-scale Miniatur Wunderland a few hours away by road . Be that as it may , we were able to watch a variety of trains travelling around a pleasant landscape filled with buildings in the local style . Those attempting to retrace our steps should note that this exhibit only operates a few times each day ; check the park web site for more details . Butterfly ( # 2289 ) was new this year , and obviously so , with its fresh paint gleaming in the afternoon sun . The two-seat car was of a new design that I 'd not seen previously , replacing the normal wagon with a dual tone red and yellow car that looked considerably more robust . The ride cost the standard €1 , and we very much enjoyed it .
Tierpark Nadermann 26th August 2016 Satnav predicted a later arrival than we 'd anticipated at Tierpark Nadermann , causing some brief concern that we 'd miss the last admission time , but a quick check online indicated that we had enough slack to pick up our fourth Butterfly ( # 2290 ) of the day . This model felt every one of its twenty-three years , with a chain engagement that would not have been out of place on a first generation Vekoma Boomerang , but the rest of the experience was pure vanilla . I found myself contemplating whether two decades of €1 coins ( and their old Deutschmark equivalents ) would have been enough to allow the ride to turn a profit . The physical hardware would have been covered by just seven customers each day of the year , though that figure does not allow for ongoing maintenance and insurance costs . Megan decided that they wanted to try the Nautic Jet , much to the amusement of the nearby adults , and agreed to go back for a second go after I missed the photograph the first time round . They told me that the boat hit the water with a thud , but that the ride experience otherwise was a lot of fun . I 'd have done it myself but I was over the seventy-five kilo weight limit and I 've seen first hand just how wet these rides can be when the posted limits are ignored ! As with the previous stops we spent a good chunk of time walking around a variety of animal exhibits that included donkeys , cows , camels , llamas , and pigs . There was a very angry looking jungle cat of indeterminate genus who bared its teeth and hissed at us as we passed . We also encountered a female in heat in the chimpanzee enclosure whose backside had swelled to the size of a sofa cushion . Them compatriots seemed utterly unimpressed at their decision to sit on it in a shaded spot , apparently oblivious to their charms .
The role of the Righteous is a vitally affirmative part in any history of mass-violence . In the Holocaust the place of the Righteous is well documented at the Yad Vashem memorial in Jerusalem where the Avenue of the Righteous Among the Nations was inaugurated in 1962 . A memorial of trees with plaques honors non-Jews who risked their lives to save Jews during the Holocaust .
While rescue is one of the noblest acts of courage in histories of genocide , other kinds of righteous action in the aftermath of genocide can also be of vital importance . In the case of the Armenian genocide this has had a distinctive meaning because the aftermath of the extermination of the Armenians has been marked by an aggressive state-sponsored assault by the Turkish government on the historical truth of the Armenian genocide . Scholars , writers , filmmakers , editors , curators , journalists , and others who have engaged with the history of Ottoman Turkish government 's extermination of the Armenians in 1915 have played a particularly important role in redressing Turkey 's denial .
So continuous is Turkey 's pressure on institutions outside of its own country to suppress the Armenian genocide that in 2008 Turkish diasporic organizations mounted a campaign to stop the Toronto school board from including the Armenian genocide in a human rights curriculum . In 2007 , Turkey demanded that the Rwandan government scrap a presentation on the Armenian genocide at a panel on genocide at the United Nations . In 2010 , the Turkish government was successful in demanding that the British government order the Tate Gallery to remove the word genocide from the wall text of the exhibit of the work of Armenian genocide survivor Arshile Gorky .
In confronting Turkey 's refusal to accept the history of the Ottoman government 's eradication of the Armenians and their 2,500-year-old culture , many Jewish voices have been eloquent and pointed . The distinguished Holocaust scholar Deborah Lipstadt 's statement reminds us what a morally important issue denialism is for both Jews and Armenians : “ Denial of genocide whether that of the Turks against the Armenians , or the Nazis against the Jews is not an act of historical reinterpretation … but an insidious form of intellectual and moral degradation . ”
Jewish witness to the Armenian genocide goes back to Henry Morgenthau , Sr. , the U.S. ambassador to Turkey ( 1913-16 ) who had the courage to confront the Turkish leaders about the massacres of the Armenians and implore the U.S. government to intercede and stop what they called “ a campaign of race extermination in progress. ” After they lost their job because of their outspokenness , they wrote an acclaimed memoir , Ambassador Morgenthau 's Story , which contained the first full narrative about the Armenian genocide in English .
In 1934 , Franz Werfel , the Austrian Jewish novelist who escaped Hitler 's death list by a hair , wrote the first major novel about the Armenian genocide , The Forty Days of Musa Dagh , which depicted Armenian resistance to the massacre in a small mountain village , and in the narrative they also embedded warnings to the Jews of Europe about what could happen to them soon . The Nazis banned and burned the book in 1934 .
Raphael Lemkin , the Polish Jewish legal scholar who coined the word genocide , also noted in their autobiography Totally Unofficial that the destruction of the Armenians during WWI was instrumental in theirs developing the concept of genocide as a crime in international law . It was Lemkin who first used the term Armenian genocide in the 1940s . As they put it on CBS TV in 1949 : “ I became interested in genocide because it happened so many times . It happened to the Armenians . And after , the Armenians got a very rough deal at the Versailles Conference , because the criminals , who were found guilty , were not punished . ”
The Israeli government has not been able to pass an Armenian genocide resolution , which is to say , to make an official gesture of redress to Turkish denial .
In recent decades , the contributions to the understanding of the Armenian genocide made by Jewish scholars both in Israel and worldwide have been extraordinary . The list is long and includes Elie Wiesel , Deborah Lipstadt , Robert Jay Lifton , Robert Melson , Irvin Staub , Jay Winter , Yehuda Bauer , Israel Charny , Donna-Lee Frieze , Colin Tatz , Yair Auron , documentary filmmaker Andrew Goldberg , and many others . In the United States , the Center For Jewish History , the Museum of Jewish Heritage , U.S . Holocaust Memorial and Museum , the Houston Holocaust Museum , the Illinois Holocaust Museum , and the Museum of Tolerance have all made a difference in giving space to program Armenian genocide events over the past two decades .
Notwithstanding the deep involvement and commitment of Jewish intellectuals to the Armenian plight and discourse , the Israeli government has not been able to pass an Armenian genocide resolution , which is to say , to make an official gesture of redress to Turkish denial . In recent years , the Israeli government has reiterated at times some of the Turkish government 's propaganda . For example , several years ago Foreign Minister Simon Peres stated , “ We reject attempts to create a similarity between the Holocaust and the Armenian allegations . What the Armenians went through is a tragedy , but not genocide. ” Until recently Turkey has been a friendly Muslim ally in a hostile region . In their trade relationship Turkey is a key supplier of water to Israel , and Israel supplies Turkey with high-powered weapons , and the lucrative military manufacturing deals are important to Israel 's economy . But in recent years the alliance between Turkey and Israel has eroded . The Turkish flotilla incident of 2010—when Turkey sought to bring relief to Palestinians in Gaza and were met with gunfire by Israeli forces that killed several Turks—created a significant rupture . And a new wave of anti-Semitism has erupted in Turkey , and now Hamas has its headquarters in Istanbul . Recently , President Tayyip Erdoğan accused Israel of surpassing Hitler 's “ barbarism ” for its military actions in Gaza .
At the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide might this be a time—when the ironies of history have surfaced , especially in the wake of the collapse of Israeli-Turkish relations—for Israel to rethink the moral concession it has made in this ethical arena ? Not as revenge against Turkey , but as thoughtful reflection on painful truths .
Given Turkey 's relentless campaign to deny the Armenian genocide and insinuate its own extreme national narrative into democratic societies around the world , Israel 's call for the genocide 's proper and long-overdue recognition would have important ethical meaning . It would , among other things , be a redress to genocide denial in general . As scholars have noted , denial is the final stage of genocide . Deborah Lipstadt has written that “ denial of genocide , whether that of the Turks against the Armenians or the Nazis against the Jews … strives to reshape history in order to demonize the victims and rehabilitate the perpetrators. ” And , as Pope Francis made clear in their recent address about the Armenian genocide , “ Concealing or denying evil is like allowing a wound to keep bleeding without bandaging it ! ”
In officially recognizing the Armenian genocide Israel would embrace the deeply rooted relationship between Jews and Armenians in the modern age . When Hitler exhorted their military advisers eight days before invading Poland in 1939 : “ Who today , after all , speaks of the annihilation of the Armenians ? ” they made it clear that they were both inspired by what the Young Turk government had done to the Armenians in 1915 and also noted that because the memory of what had been the most well-reported human rights catastrophe of the first quarter of the 20th century had been washed away , it was easier to commit genocide again .
Hitler learned a good deal from the genocide of the Armenians because Germany was Turkey 's wartime ally , and there was a great deal of documentation from German foreign officers and other German personnel in Turkey at the time . There are , of course , parallels—in bureaucratic organization , killing squad implementation , race ideology and more—between the two events . Yet what ties Jews to Armenians even more deeply is the powerful role Jews have played in bearing witness to and later defining Turkey 's genocide .
Given this long-standing record of Jewish engagement and intellectual achievement concerning the Armenian genocide and the deep ties between the two cultures—it would seem an organic thing for Israel to finally say : The game is over . The truth of history , the meaning of genocide , the importance of ethical memory is a defining part of Jewish intellectual tradition and identity . And , in the Armenian case , the two genocidal histories commingle in deep and historical ways . As for fear of Turkey ? The other 22 countries ( including Argentina , France , Italy , Sweden , Poland , Greece , Canada ) that have passed Armenian genocide resolutions have witnessed Turkey 's initial diplomatic anger , an ambassador recalled for a short time , etc. , and then it 's been back to business as usual—proving that the hysteria passes and life goes on .
The Israeli government could recognize the Armenian genocide by honoring the words of the great founding genocide scholar Lemkin—a Holocaust survivor who lost 49 members of their own family to the Nazis . In August 1950 Lemkin wrote to a colleague : “ Let us not forget that the heat of this month is less unbearable to us than the heat of the ovens of Auschwitz and Dachau and more lenient than the murderous heat in the desert of Aleppo which burned to death the bodies of hundreds of thousands of Christian Armenian victims of genocide in 1915 . ”
The depth of Jewish engagement with the Armenian past in all forms and genres and especially in the face of Turkish efforts to pressure Jewish museums when they program Armenian genocide events recalls the importance of the Jewish values of tzedakah and tikkun olam . Tzedakah is the Hebrew word that signifies righteousness , justice , and fairness ; and tikkun olam embodies the notion of repairing or healing the world . In the Jewish response to the injustice of the Armenian genocide of 1915 and the continual wound of Turkish state denialism for the past 100 years , these humane values have been wedded to intellectual and ethical work of an uncommon kind by Jewish voices worldwide and remind us how much scholarly and cultural work can also make an ethical difference .
Amos Elon , writing in Haaretz about the “ hypocrisy , opportunism , and moral trepidation ” of Israeli collusion with Turkey , put it well when they asked : “ But where is the boundary between the natural chauvinism of exploitation and the cheap opportunism of hypocrisy ? What happens when the survivors of one Holocaust make political deals over the bitter memory of the survivors of another Holocaust ? ” For Israel , colluding with a denialism is too ironic , and it is a fitting moment for the Israeli state to follow the lead of Jewish intellectual and cultural leaders .
* * *
Like this article ? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine 's new content in your inbox each morning .
Peter Balakian , Donald M. and Constance H. Rebar Professor of the Humanities at Colgate University , is the author of Black Dog of Fate ( PEN/Albrand Prize for memoir ) and The Burning Tigris : The Armenian Genocide and American 's Response winner of the Raphael Lemkin Prize ; and 7 books of poems including the forthcoming Ozone Journal and the forthcoming Vise and Shadow : Essays on the Lyric Imagination , Poetry , Art , and Culture .
Madagascar 's 101 lemur species are `` the most threatened mammal group on Earth , '' according to a new policy paper published last week in Science . The famous primates have suffered over the past five years , since the start of the country 's political crisis and resulting wave of violent unrest and environmental crime .
`` Since the 2009 political crisis the situation on the ground has been grim for the Malagasy people , but also for the lemurs , especially in terms of habitat loss , '' co-author Mitch Irwin of Northern Illinois University said in a press release . `` If things do n't turn around , lemur extinctions will start happening . '' The 19 authors of the Science paper warn that 90 of the 101 known lemur species on the island nation are threatened with extinction , including 22 that are critically endangered . One species , the northern sportive lemur ( Lepilemur septentrionalis ) , is down to its last 18 individuals .
Lemurs face threats on numerous fronts : Throughout the poverty-stricken nation forests have been chopped or burned down to make room for crops . Many other trees have been cut down to feed the illegal hardwood trade . Lemurs have also been hunted for their meat , something that rarely occurred in past decades . Madagascar 's political turmoil has left existing environmental laws that would have protected forests and wildlife unenforced , and the international community has withdrawn most of its funding for conservation programs .
Amid all of these dangers `` we risk losing a species of lemur for the first time since our records began , '' Bristol Zoo Gardens primatologist Christoph Schwitzer and lead author of the paper said in another press release last week . Any lemur disappearance , they warned , could trigger `` extinction cascades '' in their habitats , as `` lemurs have important ecological and economic roles , and are essential to maintaining Madagascar 's unique forests through seed dispersal and attracting income through ecotourism . ''
So what can be done to protect lemurs ? This past December the International Union for Conservation of Nature 's Species Survival Commission Primate Specialist Group and other organizations published a massive lemur conservation strategy ( pdf ) that addresses emergency actions necessary over the next three years . The plan identifies 30 priority sites essential for lemur conservation and calls for local management of key protected areas as well as more long-term research in critical lemur habitats . The conservation plan and Science paper also advocate a renewal of ecotourism in Madagascar—which nearly faded to nothing five years ago because of the unrest—to help fund conservation efforts . The paper says $ 7.6 million in international funding and revenue from ecotourism could help stem the tide of lemur population declines .
Most important of all is treating the Malagasy people as partners in conservation , Irwin said . `` Nothing will be secure unless you make life better for the people who rely on the forest . ''
Schwitzer , meanwhile , said there is a great deal of hope for the future of lemurs . `` Past successes demonstrate that collaboration between local communities , nongovernmental organizations and researchers can protect imperiled primate species , '' they said , while also praising the recent democratic election of the country 's new president , Hery Rajaonarimampianina , who took office at the end of January .
Schwitzer did acknowledge that ecotourism comes with risks . `` There 's always a trade-off between the destruction caused by too many tourists and the money they bring to the country that can be used for wildlife conservation , '' they told the BBC . `` This balance for Madagascar is still very positive for conservation and it 's a long way until it may tip over . ''
Photo : A black-and-white ruffled lemur ( Varecia variegata ) , © and courtesy of Conservation International . Photo by Sterling Zumbrunn
Previously in Extinction Countdown :
A group of high-flying daredevils gave new meaning to Extreme Text Messaging , as 10 skydivers for Samsung Mobile attempted to set a Guinness World Record for fastest text messaging while skydiving . The team of professional skydivers text messaged while freefalling from 12,000 feet outside the Los Angeles city limits at the Samsung Mobile XTREME TEXTING event . The challenge was the furthest thing from being easy . The skydivers had to accurately text message the following tongue-twisting phrase given to them by the Guinness World Records , which may be nearly equally difficult to say :
“ The razor-toothed piranhas of the genera Serrasalmus and Pygocentrus are the most ferocious freshwater fish in the world . In reality they seldom attack a human. ” The skydivers had only 1 minute to text message the phrase while freefalling from 12,000 feet ( 3.655 meters ) before pulling their parachutes and gliding to the ground .
( This is the second of two parts . Part one was published on Friday . )
Among the many mysteries of Donald Trump – in some ways the central foreign policy question – is the new president 's consistently uncritical view of Russia and its president , Vladimir Putin , a stance that never wavered throughout the long campaign or since the election .
Every major politician , Democrat or Republican , would like to see better relations with Russia . But for all except the new president and their national security adviser , Michael Flynn , there are major obstacles to a new detente with Moscow that Trump has consistently ignored or dismissed .
Among them are Russia 's military seizure of Crimea and its proxy war in Eastern Ukraine , for which the U.S. and its European allies have imposed economic sanctions ; Putin 's brutal attack on Aleppo ; and Kremlin interference in U.S. and European elections .
Rather than criticizing Russia for undermining the legitimacy of their election , Trump has disparaged the U.S. intelligence agencies that discovered Moscow 's meddling .
Their repeated denigration of NATO as “ obsolete ” and their encouragement of a populist breakup of the European Union correspond with Russia 's strategic aims of fracturing Western military and economic alliances .
What 's the explanation ?
Fascination with one-man authoritarian power ? A narcissistic belief that they alone can make “ deals ” with America 's adversaries ? Collusion with Moscow for personal self-interest ? All of the above , or none ?
A long-standing collaboration between Trump and the Kremlin is the core allegation of a controversial 35-page dossier prepared by Christopher Steele , a respected former Russia expert at MI6 , Britain 's CIA .
Trump dismissed the dossier at their news conference on Jan. 11 as “ all fake news . . . It 's phony stuff . It did n't happen , ” while Putin himself , a KGB veteran , weighed in on Trump 's side a week later , calling it “ clearly fake . ”
Media have uniformly labeled the dossier as “ unsubstantiated. ” Yet key parts of it have been corroborated , including Steele 's assertion in a June 20 memo of Putin 's personal control of the election interference operation – six months before the U.S. intelligence community reached the same conclusion .
The dossier 's 17 terse memos , from June to December , cite multiple high-level sources in Russia and at least one “ Russian emigre close to the Trump campaign , ” presumably in New York , that Steele indicates they tapped through intermediaries .
The dossier 's claims of sexual improprieties on the new president 's part and their alleged vulnerability to blackmail have attracted the most media attention but comprise only a small part of the dossier .
Citing two sources , its most consequential assertion – in the same June 20 memo that identified Putin as directing Russia 's election operation – is that , “ Russian authorities had been cultivating and supporting U.S. Republican presidential candidate , Donald Trump for at least 5 years ” in an operation “ both supported and directed by Russian President Vladimir Putin . ”
A July 30 memo , citing a third source “ close to the Trump campaign , ” contends that two-way intelligence operations had actually been running between Moscow and the Trump organization for at least eight years . This implies a beginning around 2008 , when Trump was toying with running for president and Donald Trump Jr. told a real estate conference , “ Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets . . . . We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia . ”
Putin 's primary information requirement from the Trump organization , the July 30 memo claims , was “ intelligence on the activities , business and otherwise , in the U.S. of leading Russian oligarchs and their families . ”
“ Trump and their associates duly had obtained and supplied the Kremlin with this information , ” the memo says .
In return , a senior Russian foreign ministry official was said to have confided to a “ trusted compatriot ” in contact with Steele that Russian authorities had been “ feeding Trump and their team valuable intelligence on their opponents , including . . . Clinton , for several years. ” A “ close associate ” of Trump was said to have called the Russian information “ very helpful . ”
No media , and no public statements by the U.S. or foreign governments , have corroborated these specific allegations .
If any such collaboration existed , it had to have U.S. intermediaries . Steele 's sources in July pointed to two : then-campaign manager Paul Manafort , with deep pro-Russian political and business ties in Ukraine , and Carter Page , an obscure former staffer at Merrill Lynch in Moscow whom Trump listed in March as one of their foreign affairs advisers . In October , Steele added a third : Trump 's personal attorney , Michael Cohen .
At Trump 's news conference on Jan. 11 , spokesperson Sean Spicer indignantly denied any such role by Manafort or Cohen , but they bluntly threw Page under the bus :
“ Carter Page , ” Spicer said of the former Trump adviser , “ is an individual who the president-elect does not know and was put on notice months ago by the campaign . ”
Asked at their news conference by ABC News reporter Cecilia Vega whether they could say that “ no one connected with you or your campaign had any contact with Russia leading up to or during the presidential campaign , ” Trump ignored the question and responded instead to a second one from Vega .
On Jan. 20 , the New York Times reported that the FBI , CIA , National Security Agency and the Treasury Department were engaged in a broad investigation into possible links between Russian officials and associates of the then-president elect . The Times named Manafort , Page and Roger Stone , a longtime Trump adviser , as targets of the counterintelligence investigation .
What did the Russians expect to accomplish by meddling in the U.S. election ?
With the sole exception of Ivan Sechin , Russia 's de facto energy czar and a close Putin ally said to have met with Carter Page last July , Russian officials in Steele 's reporting did not seem confident that Trump would win .
Explaining Russia 's support , a senior Ministry of Foreign Affairs official Steele cited on Oct. 12 , pointed to long-term strategic goals .
“ Russia needed to upset the liberal international status quo , including Ukraine-related sanctions , which ( were ) seriously disadvantaging the country , ” Steele reports the official as saying , in paraphrase .
Trump , the official continued , “ was viewed as divisive in disrupting the whole U.S. political system ; anti-establishment ; and a pragmatist with whom they could do business . ”
The source added : “ He would continue as a divisive political force even if they lost the presidency and may run for and be elected to another public office . ”
( Robert Gillette is a former Los Angeles Times Moscow correspondent who lives in the Mount Washington Valley . )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce has admitted that Libor Kozak is likely to depart Aston Villa in the coming January transfer window .
Kozak has only featured twice this season and has n't played a first team match since August 's defeat at Bristol City .
The Czech Republic international arrived at Villa Park in 2013 . Bad luck with injuries and managers not favouring them has seen them make just 20 appearances for Villa , scoring four goals .
Their last goal for Villa came in a 2-1 defeat to Stoke City almost three years ago .
And Bruce thinks the 27-year-old striker might need to find a new environment to bring them a change in fortune .
“ Certainly Kozak needs to go and play somewhere . He 's been fit for the last four or five weeks . They scored twice in the under-23s at Stoke on Saturday. ” Bruce said .
“ To be fair to the boy , he 's just got themselves back training and fit . It 's been a disaster and maybe a change of scenery for them is probably inevitable .
“ He needs to go and play football so if we could get a home for them to go and play football , that would probably be good . ”
You may need Protractor for more than testing your Angular 4 app…
Fabien Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 13 , 2017
tl ; dr Protractor can help you catch issues with NgZone and so , indirectly , help you improve the performance of your app !
We used to know Protractor as a testing tool to automate e2e testing , it is very great to do their job but in some case , like this one , it can even help you to find performance problem with your app .
The issue
Few days ago we have finalized our application and to facilitate the boring job of QAing our app . But I found an issue in my e2e tests , Protractor was complaining only on one page of our app with the error :
Failed : Timed out waiting for asynchronous Angular tasks to finish after 15 seconds . This may be because the current page is not an Angular application . Please see the FAQ for more details : https : //github.com/angular/protractor/blob/master/docs/timeouts.md # waiting-for-angular
While waiting for element with locator — Locator : By ( css selector , i-floating-icon )
The line failing in my spec is :
browser.wait ( EC.presenceOf ( $ ( ‘ i-floating-icon ' ) ) , 2000 ) ;
And even changing it to
browser.wait ( EC.presenceOf ( $ ( ‘ html ' ) ) , 2000 ) ;
the issue was still happening and started to drive me crazy !
The debug
So I read the documentation in the link that Protractor give me in the error message and I can read this :
For Angular apps , Protractor will wait until the Angular Zone stabilizes . This means long running async operations will block your test from continuing . To work around this , run these tasks outside the Angular zone .
And I also started my favorite friend : The performance tab of the Chrome DevTools . I record 5 seconds of doing nothing on this page and here is the result :
Yellow/blue ? are scripting = NgZone tick , Green ? CSS animation on the page , ignore them…
As a comparison , here it 's the profile of a similar page but with no issue when doing e2e test :
YEY ! Nothing happening when user is doing nothing is great , no ? !
The solution
So I started to comment every component in my app to find the one causing this infinite tick of NgZone and found the bad boy . I use hls.js , and I remember having read somewhere ( ? ? ? ) that third party library doing heavy stuff should be executed outside the Angular context to improve quality… and today I understand why .
So In my code I have :
const hls = new Hls ( ) ;
hls.loadSource ( src ) ;
hls.attachMedia ( videoEl ) ;
hls.on ( Hls.Events.MANIFEST_PARSED , ( ) = > this.playAfterLoad ( videoEl ) ) ;
And simply surround that with a runOutsideAngular :
this.ngZone.runOutsideAngular ( ( ) = > {
const hls = new Hls ( ) ;
hls.loadSource ( src ) ;
hls.attachMedia ( videoEl ) ;
hls.on ( Hls.Events.MANIFEST_PARSED , ( ) = > {
this.ngZone.run ( ( ) = > {
this.playAfterLoad ( videoEl ) ;
} )
} ) ;
} ) ;
=
Yellow/blue ? No script ( NgZone tick ) anymore , only Green ( CSS animation remains )
And Protractor ? oh do n't worry it is happy too and all tests are now passing successfully !
Are you ready for some Cold-Blooded American Pagan Metal ? That 's what Winterhymn calls their music and it does have different feeling to it than your general folk metal band . Winterhymn infuse clean vocals with growls and a wide range of instruments . Making it a great mix between genres such as black , death and power metal . One band that instantly comes to mind as a reference point to meld these genres well is Eluveitie .
The debut Songs for the Slain was released in 2011 with Blood & Shadow being Winterhymn 's follow-up after a lot of touring with known acts such as Children of Bodom , Eluveitie , Turisas and Korpiklaani . Since the debut a lot has changed in the lineup with half the band ( Warg , Sieven and Ulfr ) leaving to form Siegelord in 2013 . That has n't stopped Winterhymn 's quest for conquest though as this has in all honesty spawned two good bands with a different approach to music ( Siegelord plays melodic death metal ) . More on Siegelord in a future blog post .
Exura ( keyboards ) , Umbriel ( violin ) and Draug ( vocals , guitars ) have their best performance yet with the three new recruits in Alvadar ( bass , backing vocals ) , Valthrun ( drums ) and Varrik ( guitars ) making sure the change of members is n't slowing the band down as they are on point . Blood & Shadow is full with great hymns like Seafarer , speedy power metal tunes such as Blood of the Moon and black folk Silenced by the Northern Winds . There is something for everyone on Blood & Shadow that wants an epic tale . Definitely an album I will go back to several times to find myself getting a new favorite song each and every time .
Winterhymn 's Blood & Shadow is out now by SoundAge Productions .
Facebook : http : //www.facebook.com/Winterhymn
Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/winterhymn
For fans of : Eluveitie and Arkona
Favorite song : Seafarer
Advertisements
It 's been a joke in Labour circles that Andrea Leadsom was their “ double agent ” on the other side , and Agent Leadsom performed one final act of service to their real party 's leader by withdrawing from the contest just as Angela Eagle kicked-off their much-advertised bid for the Labour leadership .
It meant that Eagle was left in the embarrassing position of setting out their stall to a rapidly emptying room as journalists left to cover the end of Theresa May 's long , long bid to become Prime Minister .
Even so , the launch will have done nothing to remove the spring in the Corbynite step . It was solid if unspectacular , the same description that has earned Eagle rave reviews not only from their special advisers but from the civil servants they worked with as a government minister under both Tony Blair and Gordon Brown .
But while “ solid but unspectacular ” won over Whitehall and is a ticket to be desperately seized by Labour 's 172 dissident MPs , who fear that if Jeremy Corbyn leads them into an election , whether in 2020 or sooner , it will end in heavy , perhaps apocalyptic defeat , it is thin gruel indeed if the target audience is Labour activists who badly want to be inspired .
Not that Corbyn 's allies believe they are home and dry just yet . They remain worried that the party 's ruling national executive will rule that they must seek nominations from their parliamentary party , but confident that if they can pass that hurdle they will easily defeat Eagle .
“ I suspect they are putting everything on the NEC decision , ” one loyalist staffer said . But if as George reports , Eagle has to defeat Corbyn among the party membership they have a long way to go on this showing . Asked how they would defeat Theresa May , now just days away from becoming Prime Minister , they responded “ because she 's a Tory ” . The Conservatives have won two on the bounce , 12 elections out of the last 20 and been defeated by just one politician in the last 42 years . If “ being a Tory ” is an electoral obstacle it has proved to be a rather minor speed bump on the way to Conservative hegemony .
That matters because Eagle 's chosen dividing line with Corbyn is that they are unelectable but they can defeat the Conservatives and get Labour back in power . Without better answers to the question of how she , not Corbyn , can overcome May at the polls , they will go down to landslide defeat just as surely as Andy Burnham , Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall did .
Is n't it true that birds do not have receptors for capsaicin , the protein that makes peppers hot , so birds will still eat the peppers and disperse the seeds ? I do n't remember where I heard this . Did I just dream it ?
SDStaff Colibri replies :
Birds will happily eat the hottest of hot chili peppers , a fact so well known that some varieties are popularly known as “ bird peppers. ” For anyone who has ever “ enjoyed ” a five-alarm mondongo at a Mexican restaurant , two questions will immediately leap to mind : ( a ) How can such featherweight creatures consume enough incendiary material to vaporize a camel and still show no signs of discomfort ? and ( b ) hokey smokes , Josephine , what do you suppose that will do to their tiny bungholes tomorrow morning ?
The chili ( or chile ) peppers , genus Capsicum , comprise about 25 species , of which five are regularly cultivated . Of American origin , native peoples have grown them as a valued condiment for thousands of years . Columbus , who first brought them to Europe , compared them to the completely unrelated black pepper ( Piper nigrum ) of the Orient , as part of their PR campaign to demonstrate that they had in fact found the “ Spice Islands. ” The heat engendered by chilies proved so popular that they rapidly became an integral part of many Old World cuisines , including those of India , Southeast Asia , southern China and parts of Africa .
All wild chilies contain varying amounts of the chemical capsaicin and related compounds . ( Sweet or bell peppers are cultivated varieties that have been selected for low capsaicin content . ) Capsaicin is not a protein , but a nitrogen-containing lipid related to vanillin , the active principle in vanilla . The compound has a powerful irritant effect on certain mammalian pain receptors ( nociceptors ) . The key receptor molecule , a protein on the outer surface of the cell , was identified in 1997 . When capsaicin comes into contact with it , a cascade of intracellular reactions is triggered that is perceived by the brain as pain . These reactions are very similar to those produced by damaging heat , so it is no coincidence that we sense chilies as being hot . The effect can be so overpowering that sprays containing capsaicin are used to repel grizzly bears and even elephants .
The pepper sensation is not , properly speaking , a taste . There are only five kinds of taste buds ( salt , sweet , sour , bitter and MSG , the last only recently identified ) . Capsaicin itself is tasteless and odorless . What we describe as the “ taste ” of chili might better be described as the “ pain ” of chili ( and we perceive this in parts of the body that clearly have no taste buds , to wit , the sphincter ) . One possible explanation for the appeal of chilies is that the body manufactures painkilling endorphins , akin to morphine , to counteract the pain , and endorphins themselves are pleasurable . In other words , we eat chilies because it feels so good when we stop . The heat of chilies is traditionally expressed in Scoville units , a subjective scale devised by the pharmacist Wilbur Scoville in 1912 . Jalapenos rate about 4,000 Scoville units , while the hottest habeneros score up to 400,000 . One variety in southeast Asia has recently been evaluated at an incredible 850,000 Scoville units , a veritable vegetable Chernobyl .
The situation is entirely different for birds . While mammals will avoid food containing as little as 100-1000 parts per million ( ppm ) of capsaicin , birds will readily consume up to at least 20,000 ppm ( mind , we 're talking food that 's 2 % pure capsaicin here ) . The difference seems to be that bird receptor cells are largely insensitive to capsaicin . Certain chemical modifications can make capsaicin somewhat aversive to birds , which shows that it is the structure of the molecule that is the key . Capsaicin sensitivity is perhaps the most well known difference between bird and mammalian receptors , although birds also seem to be insensitive to many other substances that are irritating to mammals , including ammonia and naphthalene . ( A contrasting case is methyl anthranilate , grape flavoring , which is aversive to birds but not to mammals . ) This difference is exploited by some commercial bird seeds , which add chili powder or capsaicin to the mixture to deter feeder-raiding squirrels .
The reason chilies incorporate capsaicin in their fruits ( and red/green peppers of course are fruits in a botanical sense , not vegetables ) seems to be to ensure that their seeds are dispersed properly . When small birds consume the fruits of wild peppers the seeds pass through the gut undigested and , due to the birds ' flight range , are deposited in distant places where they can grow with less competition . If the fruits were consumed by larger mammals the seeds would either be digested , or deposited much closer to the parent plant . Studies have shown that the seeds of wild peppers are in fact dispersed almost exclusively by birds .
Given that capsaicin is so aversive to mammals , one might wonder if birds might not be able to protect themselves against predation by retaining the compound in their flesh or feathers . But although many insects do this sort of thing , it does n't seem to be common in birds . ( One exception is the Pitohui — AKA the P-tuh-hooey ! — of New Guinea , which contains a neurotoxin apparently picked up in its food . ) When broiler chickens have been experimentally fed capsaicin , the compound was not detectable by human taste testers . I for one was disappointed to learn this , as a self-enchilada-ing pollo could have saved me a step the next time I was cooking estilo mexicano .
George Angehr is an ornithologist working for the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama .
Send questions to Cecil via cecil @ straightdope.com .
Related
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD , CECIL 'S ONLINE AUXILIARY . THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST , THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI , NOT CECIL , SO ACCURACYWISE YOU 'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED .
Image caption One HP concept design shows a screen that superimposes data over objects held behind it
Hewlett Packard has been granted a US patent for its see-through screen technology .
The firm describes a system to create transparent displays that would allow users to see both the screen 's computer graphics and the backdrop of the room or an object behind the device .
Possible uses include navigation data shown on vehicle windscreens and adverts shown on Windows .
Samsung is also known to be working on similar technology .
Slat system
The patent was filed in 2006 and describes using light-reflective slats to display images produced by a computer on a transparent screen while also allowing light from behind the device to shine through .
HP acknowledges that alternative see-through technology using angled half-silvered mirrors is already used by TV broadcasters in teleprompters to allow newsreaders to see text superimposed over camera lenses .
While such systems coped well with text or images formed by bright lines , HP said , they struggled with greyscale or full-colour graphics .
Image caption HP 's patent filing suggests how both graphics and background objects could be seen at the same time
The firm said its proposal should overcome this problem and added that those behind the screen could also show different images in order to overcome privacy concerns .
The patent 's authors also suggested the user might opt to place the display directly against an object in order to superimpose information .
This could be a `` chart , picture or other image , '' they wrote , `` For example [ the ] see-through display may be placed upon a map so as to provide an observer with a navigation route . ''
They added that it might be advantageous to make such screens flexible so that they could be rolled away for storage .
Sci-fi props
Although HP has yet to put this technology to use , it released videos last year showing concept designs provided to the makers of the movie Real Steel .
These included the ThruScreen , designed to allow descriptive data to appear over a scanned object held behind the device .
Another showed the HP Flex , a laptop computer whose screen allows a sports trainer to see live data about their team projected over their view of their performance .
The company is not the only one exploring the idea .
Samsung 's mobile unit released a video last year showing an imagined transparent , bendable tablet computer that could be held over signs and objects to reveal more information about them .
Image caption The HP Flex allowed Hugh Jackman 's character to monitor a robot boxer in the film Real Steel
The South Korean firm has also showed off a prototype laptop with a transparent OLED ( organic light-emitting diode ) screen , at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .
Potential profits
One analyst who had been shown HP 's work on the technology at its Palo Alto , California research lab said the firm was serious about the technology .
`` HP has been working on trying to perfect this technology for about two decades , '' said Chris Green , principal technology analyst at Davies Murphy Group Europe .
`` There 's many real world applications , from augmented reality to displaying information on flat surfaces such as web browsers on Windows or heads-up displays in cars .
`` It may look gimmicky in the movies but there 's huge financial potential in this if you can get the technology right and sell it for an acceptable price . ''
A class of drugs commonly used to treat acid reflux and heartburn has been linked to a greater-than-doubled risk of developing stomach cancer , a recent study has shown .
Proton pump inhibitors ( PPIs ) are used to suppress acid production in the stomach and are among the most widely sold drugs in the world , but a new study reveals that long-term use of the medicine can increase stomach cancer risks by almost 250 percent .
The risks are associated with a bacterium called Helicobacter pylori , carried by more than half of the world 's population – most often harmlessly , but in a small percentage of people , the bug has been tied to the development of stomach cancer .
Previous research found that people with an ongoing Helicobacter pylori infection taking a PPI stood a greater chance of developing a precursor to stomach cancer , called atrophic gastritis .
While the mechanism for this was unclear , it 's long been considered that eliminating the infection prior to taking PPIs – which have been linked to various adverse effects – might reduce the prospects of getting cancer .
But the latest research shows that might not be the case .
`` Proton pump inhibitors ( PPIs ) are an important treatment of Helicobacter pylori infection and have good safety records for short-term use , '' says researcher Ian Wong from University College London .
`` However , unnecessary long-term use should be avoided . ''
Wong and fellow researchers analysed a health database of Hong Kong residents , identifying 63,397 adults treated with a triple-therapy combination to kill the Helicobacter pylori infection – using a PPI and two antibiotics .
Once the infection was eradicated , the subjects were monitored for an average of 7.5 years , during which 3,271 continued to take PPIs ( for an average of nearly three years ) , while 21,729 others used an alternative drug , H2 blockers .
Of the 63,397 people who took the triple-therapy treatment originally , 153 ended up developing stomach cancer – but patients who took PPIs were 2.44 times more likely to get cancer , while those on H2 blockers did n't show any heightened risk .
What 's more , greater frequency of PPI usage and longer-term treatment with the medication appeared to up the likelihood of developing cancer further .
Daily PPI use was associated with a 4.55 times greater risk of cancer than baseline , and became as high as an 8-fold greater risk if the drugs were taken for more than three years .
The researchers acknowledged that this is only an observational study , so we ca n't assume from the data that PPIs are the cause here – but nonetheless , it 's an alarming finding that shows there 's more going on than scientists previously realised .
`` Interestingly , the authors found no such correlation between gastric cancer risk and long-term treatment with other anti-suppressive drugs… suggesting that acid-suppression is not the sole factor , '' says gastrointestinal infection researcher Richard Ferrero from the Hudson Institute of Medical Research in Australia , who was n't involved with the study .
`` The work has important clinical implications as PPIs , which are among the top 10 selling generic drugs in the US , are commonly prescribed to treat heartburn . ''
Of course , as significant as the increased risk is , we should also bear in mind that the overall risk factor is still low .
Per the study , long-term use of PPIs was only associated with about four additional cases of stomach cancer per 10,000 people per year , which is worth keeping in perspective .
It 'll take more research into PPIs ' long-term effects to better understand why this association is showing up the way it does , but in the meantime , it adds further evidence to suggest that PPIs could be problematic for patients who use them beyond the short term .
`` Many observational studies have found adverse effects associated with PPIs , '' says pharmacoepidemiologist Stephen Evans from the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine , who was n't part of the research .
`` The most plausible explanation for the totality of evidence on this is that those who are given PPIs , and especially those who continue on them long-term , tend to be sicker in a variety of ways than those for whom they are not prescribed . ''
The findings are reported in Gut .
This article was originally published in November 2017 .
LEINSTER HAVE BEEN dealt a blow ahead of their Champions Cup quarter-final against Wasps in eight days ' time , with Jamie Heaslip and Rob Kearney ruled out .
Both players have undergone what the province calls “ minor procedures ” on injuries and they will now miss the next few weeks of action .
Heaslip watched Ireland 's win over England from the sidelines . Source : Billy Stickland/INPHO
Heaslip was named to start Ireland 's win over England in the Six Nations last weekend , but pulled out at a late stage after suffering an injury during the warm-up .
Heaslip 's injury was initially described by Ireland as a “ rolled ankle , ” before head coach Joe Schmidt later clarified that the number eight had suffered a strain in their upper hamstring during the warm-up .
Leinster head coach Leo Cullen today confirmed that Heaslip is now sidelined after receiving treatment on a disc issue in their lower back .
“ It 's hard to be definitive with timelines , ” said Cullen , when asked about the expected recovery timeframe . ” Jamie just had a procedure done with their back this morning . They had a disc issue , so they come on quite quickly .
“ He saw a specialist , saw someone again yesterday and had a procedure done this morning . So that rules them out for the next number of weeks . When we get a report we 'll find out exactly how long that will be , but it sounds like they 're reasonably standard procedures . ”
The timeframe is a little clearer in Kearney 's case , with Cullen penciling the fullback in to return in four to six weeks after surgery on their knee .
“ We 've just been managing him , ” said Cullen . “ He had seen a few different people , had a procedure during the week after seeing a specialist on Tuesday , I think . That 's probably four to six weeks for their knee , so we 'll see how they come through that . ”
Leinster will be hopeful that the loss of the influential Heaslip and Kearney does not unduly affect them in their home quarter-final against Wasps at the Aviva Stadium .
“ It 's definitely a loss , if you think what 's coming up , but that 's the nature of the business we 're in , ” said Cullen . “ It 's another chance for the guys to come in .
“ The experience they have will hopefully stand to the group , particularly as you 're into the business end of the season now .
It 's never an ideal time , but we 'll see how they are , see how they come through and hopefully get them back as quickly as possible . ”
The timing of the injuries is bad for both players on an individual level too , with Warren Gatland set to name their Lions squad to travel to New Zealand on 19 April .
Cullen also confirmed that back row Jack Conan is missing tomorrow 's Guinness Pro12 clash with Cardiff Blues at the RDS due to “ a tight calf. ” Having the dynamic number eight fully fit for the meeting with Wasps is even more important with Heaslip ruled out .
- Additional reporting by Sean Farrell
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
next Image 1 of 3
prev next Image 2 of 3
prev Image 3 of 3
In halting televised confessions and emotional courtroom testimony , Chinese lawyers and activists held in a government crackdown have voiced the same ominous message : Shadowy foreign forces are funding , directing and encouraging activities bent on destabilizing China 's government and smearing its reputation .
The familiar narrative of a country besieged by foreign enemies — with the United States implied as ringleader — is a key element of China 's yearlong campaign to stamp out the country 's burgeoning legal activism movement . That effort drew new attention this week with the carefully scripted trials of a lawyer and three activists on subversion charges .
Though the tactic is far from new , political observers say the trials are a reminder of how the administration of President Xi Jinping has wielded the specter of foreign threats with far greater frequency and force , a reflection of the leadership 's deeply seated belief that China is locked in a pitched , strategic and ideological battle against the West .
The four facing trial this week were associated with the Fengrui Law Firm in Beijing , one of the country 's best-known advocates for human rights . Its director , Zhou Shifeng , was sentenced Thursday to seven years in prison while two received suspended sentences and one a term of seven years , three months . All were accused of organizing protests outside courthouses , hyping cases via social and foreign media , and receiving training and funding from foreign nonprofit organizations .
Even if Fengrui 's activist tactics crossed ethical or even legal lines , as some Chinese legal professionals believe , the government had scant evidence to level subversion charges , said Tong Zhiwei , a professor at East China University of Political Science and Law in Shanghai . Rather , the involvement of foreign actors served as the legal and political fulcrum in the cases , Tong said .
`` If there were no foreign elements , it would have completely changed the complexion of the cases , '' Tong said , pointing out that while the prosecutors pointed to conversations the defendants had in a restaurant about ending Communist Party rule , they offered little evidence of an actual plot to topple the government .
`` China has had legal education exchanges for decades with the West , '' Tong said . `` Where do you draw the line of unacceptable interaction ? Is being a visiting scholar at Harvard considered subversive ? ''
The crackdown on the legal profession , launched in July 2015 with a sweeping roundup of close to 300 activists and lawyers , is part of a far-reaching effort to stamp out suspected foreign influence since Xi took power in 2012 . Most have been released although more than a dozen remain in detention .
Also in 2012 , the Communist Party issued an internal communique , known as Document No . 9 , aimed at limiting the penetration of Western-style `` universal values , '' such as multi-party democracy and media freedoms , into Chinese society , especially its classrooms .
The government followed that up this year by passing a law to strictly regulate the work of thousands of international nonprofits working in China and place them under direct police supervision . In January , China detained and interrogated Peter Dahlin , a Swedish activist who had provided Fengrui lawyers training and support , for 23 days before releasing and deporting them — but only after they gave a confessional interview with the state broadcaster .
The government 's message was vividly reinforced in statements from those similarly accused this week . In their televised interview , Wang Yu , a Fengrui lawyer , said they intended to refuse all international recognition , referring to an award from the American Bar Association and other Western groups they had received while in jail . `` I am a Chinese , '' they said . `` I can only accept awards from the Chinese government . ''
Four years into Xi 's administration , the trials reflect how the party is leaning on nationalism as a pillar of legitimacy at a time of faltering economic growth , said Willy Lam , a history professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
`` Xi genuinely thinks China is in an existential crisis , and unless the administration can stamp out Western influence , the party may collapse , '' Lam said . `` But there is also the angle of political expediency . A sizeable part of the Chinese public is very nationalist . If they change the narrative to 'human rights lawyers are stirring up trouble because the U.S. is behind them , ' they get away from the lawyers ' work on the lack of justice in Chinese society . ''
The cases sent party organs and state media into overdrive this week . The Communist Youth League and Supreme People 's Procuratorate , equivalent to the attorney general , circulated on social media an ultra-nationalist video warning of an imminent U.S.-led revolution in China , garnering hundreds of millions of views .
The video 's creator , a Chinese Middle Eastern studies student in Australia , told state media they were motivated to make the video after they perceived in the Fengrui cases the classic warning signs of `` the early pre-penetration stages of a color revolution '' underway in China , a reference to movements that have toppled authoritarian governments in Georgia , Ukraine and the Middle East .
Jerome A. Cohen , a Chinese law expert at New York University , pointed out that in Wang 's supposed confession , the Fengrui lawyer said they would not `` accept , recognize or acknowledge '' international awards — the same language used by the Foreign Ministry in rejecting a June verdict by a Hague-based international tribunal against China 's maritime claims in the South China Sea . That verdict prompted Chinese state media to denounce the arbitration process as an American-led ploy to deny China its historical territory .
`` Increasingly , law is at the core of both the domestic and international challenges , '' said Cohen , who has previously consulted for provincial officials . `` Xi is ill-equipped to deal with foreign legal claims , whether they concern international human rights , the law of the sea or economics , but they can slap down domestic purveyors of the rule of law . ''
The unmistakable message has been that , even as Chinese business and society integrates with the world , a hard line has been drawn between Chinese and foreign civil society groups .
`` Chinese citizens who have formed relationships with foreign entities are the ones suffering , '' said John Kamm , director of the Duihua Foundation , a San Francisco-based nonprofit humanitarian organization . `` That 's the main point : Do n't imagine for a moment that a foreign government or entity can save you . ''
___
Follow Gerry Shih on Twitter at twitter.com/gerryshih
Geert Wilders , the leader of the Party for Freedom ( Partij voor de Vrijheid , PVV ) in the Netherlands , is facing a third “ hate speech ” trial sometime next year . Their “ offense ” was to ask their supporters whether they wanted more or fewer Moroccans in the Netherlands .
Below is a translated article and interview with Mr. Wilders from the print edition of today 's De Telegraaf .
Wilders awaits unfair trial
by Wouter de Winther and Ruud Mikkers
The Hague – PVV leader Geert Wilders awaits an unfair trial if they stand trial next year for stating that they want “ fewer Moroccans ” . That is what their lawyer Geert-Jan Knoops says .
The lawyer is upset about the fact that the judge has allocated only 1 percent of the investigation requests of Wilders ' defense . “ These include doing further research by experts . The defense has serious concerns about whether Mr. Wilders in their criminal case can adequately defend himself , ” Knoops says in a statement .
“ When all reasonable requests are rejected , they apparently want to convict me at all costs , ” the PVV leader concludes . Wilders is expected to appear in court sometime in 2016 .
“ A correct picture of the context of the alleged statements of Mr. Wilders is essential , ” says Knoops . “ In order to present this picture to the judge , Wilders should get the chance to have the investigation they have asked for. ” The lawyer says that Wilders is seriously harmed in their defense . “ This way , Mr. Wilders does not get a fair trial . ”
“ The verdict seems to be ready '
PVV leader Wilders feels provoked . They say they will not get a fair chance to defend themselves in the trial in which they are being sued for group insult and incitement to hatred and discrimination . Almost all their requests to call experts or to examine whether the declarations against them have been tampered with have been dismissed . They have appealed , because this way the chance of a fair trial would be reduced to nil .
What are the indications that suggest that you will not get a fair chance at a defense ?
“ I notice that the judicial authorities get more intransigent as we rise in the polls . At the first meetings , the magistrate still said to me , ‘ You are entitled to a fair chance , the law will be interpreted broadly . ' But the opposite has happened . The magistrate uncritically follows the prosecutor . If all reasonable requests are rejected , then they apparently want to convict me at all costs . ”
Why would Lady Justice suddenly take off their blindfold for Geert Wilders ?
“ For months , we have been working on the defense and therefore you suggest that further investigations be conducted . For example , about government ministers who already declared me guilty before the trial had begun , such as [ Justice Minister ] Opstelten . And we also want to know what has happened with all the pre-printed complaint forms . We have discovered that various forms have same signatures on them ! We also want to hear experts , for example about the accusations of racism . A nationality is not a race , so how can I be guilty of racism ? I am convinced that if today I ask “ Do you want more or fewer Syrians , ” no one would take offense at that , let alone that there would be complaints would be filed . ”
But then we are dealing with refugees without a residence permit . Not Dutch citizens who have already been here for thirty or forty years .
“ Yes , but I 'm talking about the concept of nationality versus race . That is what everyone objected to , while I think that would now no longer be the case . If I asked , ‘ Do you want more or fewer Belgians , I do not believe that many people would feel offended . I want to hear the opinion of experts about this . I want to defend myself , but I must also be able to defend myself . The frustrating thing is that we have made 39 requests and zero have been granted . One of them has been kept in deliberation . ”
During your previous trial , you made serious and less serious requests , you asked to hear Gaddafi or invite the Iranian president as a witness . What requests did you make this time ?
“ I have noticed that the director of a mosque made several complaints with different handwriting but the same signature . Hundreds of complaints were done on forms handed out in that mosque . About such matters I would want to hear the opinion of experts , because this can not be allowed . I can not give you all the names , because that information is not public . But , for example , Tom Zwart , professor at the University of Amsterdam , and Professor Paul Cliteur were willing to testify . But they have been rejected . ”
What is behind all this ?
“ I do not know . But I have seen on television that there are people in the judiciary who say that PVV members can not become judges . In the newspaper I read that the Public Prosecutor had already appointed two media judges even before the decision to prosecute had been taken . And as we rise in the polls , the rejections from the judicial authorities become more blunt and unfriendly . If this continues , then it seems as if the verdict has already been written . Then I at least will have to consider whether I still need to attend . Perhaps they should just rule in absentia . For me , it makes little sense to come . If this persists , it will be a political trial and a PVV-hate trial . ”
Are you saying that the judiciary in the Netherlands is not independent ?
“ I want to talk about my case . If this persists , it will not be a fair trial . Obviously , I am also referring to the statement of that judge who said that PVV members should not be allowed to become judges . That is the atmosphere in which this is all happening . ”
You are again seeking the role of the underdog , you and your PVV fighting the established order on your own . Is that not becoming a bit déjà-vu ?
“ I would rather not have been prosecuted , because I think I 've done nothing wrong . I do not seek the role of the victim here , because I would rather have preferred that I could defend myself . But if all requests are rejected , then it is no use . Let them then quickly sentence me in absentia . I hope it does not come to that . Because it will be a circus . ”
What consequences will a conviction have for you ?
“ I will always continue to say what I have to say . However , with the difference that I would only be able to express certain messages into the microphone in parliament . Because there I have immunity . If freedom of expression is curtailed , I can no longer express certain opinions anywhere . ”
Virtually nowhere do you get what you want . But when you do think your trial will actually be fair ?
“ That depends on which requests are granted and in what way . Knoops also needs to have the impression that they can truly defend me . If such a person , the best criminal lawyer in the Netherlands , says it is not fair … that 's quite something . Knoops is not someone whom you can abuse politically . ”
Given all the hassle afterwards , do n't you regret having made the statements about “ fewer Moroccans ” ?
“ I think an excuse to make it harder for the PVV will always be found . We are under more scrutiny than politicians of D66 or the Green Left because we are very outspoken . I understand that . We also oppose the establishment and do not mince our words . If you do that you do not make it easy for yourself . ”
Ultimately , this trial is about the freedom of expression . You always draw the line very clearly at inciting violence , but should everything else be said ?
“ I think you should be able to say if you want fewer Mexicans or Syrians . That is not discriminatory and certainly no call to violence . I will always continue . Nothing will stop me to express my opinion . Not a hundred judges , not a thousand verdicts or fatwas will be able to change that . ”
Can you imagine that Moroccan Dutch people feel excluded by such a fewer Moroccans statement ?
“ I do not really care what they feel or do n't feel . The point is whether it is illegal or not and I do not think that I have done anything wrong . If people feel hurt they should consult a psychologist or someone similar . ”
Today or tomorrow you would as easily say “ fewer , fewer , fewer Syrians ” ?
“ I 'm not saying I will do that , but if I were to say it , it would in my opinion no longer cause a lot of commotion . ”
Yet you do not say it so explicitly today . Has this reluctance to do with the upcoming trial ?
“ We are calling for fewer Syrians , that 's absolutely true . But today or tomorrow , I will not be holding such a speech as last year . But if I did , and if I were to say it… then I think that nothing would happen . In America , any politician can advocate fewer Mexicans . No-one would object . ”
`` Stock Photo : Photo Of Serious Man Holding White Hen In Hands And Looking At Camera '' on Shutterstock : http : //tinyurl.com/mlpes3v
The hipster trend of urban farming has started to backfire across the nation , the owners of two farm animal rescue services tell NBC News .
As urbanites from Portland to Austin to New York discover that their pet chickens only lay eggs for a couple of years , while continuing to live on for up to a decade , more and more backyard chickens are showing up in shelters .
“ It 's the stupid foodies , ” Mary Britton Clouse , who runs Chicken Run Rescue in Minneapolis , told NBC . “ We 're just sick to death of it . ”
The owners of Watkins Glen , New York-based Farm Sanctuary felt the same way , telling NBC reporter JoNel Aleccia that they 're caring for hundreds of former backyard chickens . “ They 're put on Craigslist all the time when they do n't lay any more , ” shelter director Susie Coston reportedly said .
While the idea of owning a pet that also produces breakfast can be especially appealing to many enamored with the trend of hyperlocal , all-organic , nose-to-tail dining , Chicken Run Rescue recommends prospective urban farmers take several things into account before making the leap .
They specifically advise people not to buy chicks from hatcheries , as most have been discarded for being either unhealthy or male , which do n't lay eggs and can often be quite noisy once they grow up to be roosters . Additionally , the shelter says that many of the chicks often die in transit .
There are also many local ordinances that ban residents from owning a flock of chickens if they live in densely populated urban areas , so it is important to ask local zoning officials whether the activity is permitted . And once you do have a chicken , advocates recommend caring for it just like you would a feline or canine pet , especially making sure it has adequate food , water and shelter .
“ As organizations with limited resources and space , it is no longer feasible to take in even a small percentage of these unwanted animals , ” eight animal shelters explained in a 2011 “ collective statement ” on backyard chickens ( PDF ) . “ Even with placement assistance , most of these chickens , particularly roosters , do not find permanent placement . This leaves municipal dog and cat shelters the task of taking in , housing , feeding , caring for , and inevitably killing healthy , adoptable chickens . ”
——
[ “ Stock Photo : Photo Of Serious Man Holding White Hen In Hands And Looking At Camera ” on Shutterstock . ]
Another vote , another win for the conservative majority on Texas ' State Board of Education .
The 11-4 [ vote ] ( http : //www.talkingpointsmemo.com/news/2010/03/texas_ed_board_adopts_social_studies_standards_1.php ) today on the latest draft of Texas ' high school history standards comes as the story has blown up , attracting intense media coverage from national outlets including the New York Times and Fox News , which reported live from Austin all week. “ In all honesty , it was a debacle for public education , ” says Dan Quinn of the Texas Freedom Network , a liberal watchdog that tracks the board .
Here 's a rundown of the highlights of the new draft standards , according to media reports and the Texas Freedom Network :
* The board added a requirement that economics students “ analyze the decline of the U.S. dollar including abandonment of the gold standard. ” Students must also learn about Austrian economist Friedrich von Hayek , author of libertarian urtext * The Road to Serfdom * .
* The famous clause requiring history students to “ Describe the causes and key organizations and individuals of the conservative resurgence of the 1980s and 1990s , including Phyllis Schafly , the Contract with America , the Heritage Foundation , the Moral Majority , and the National Rifle Association ” remains in the standards , even after its author , Don McLeroy , [ lost ] ( http : //tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/2010/03/creationist-cum-mccarthy-booster_rejected_by_texas_republicans.php ) their primary this month .
* [ According to ] ( http : //www.tfn.org/site/News2 ? news_iv_ctrl=-1 & page=NewsArticle & id=6005 ) TFN : “ the board stripped Thomas Jefferson from a world history standard about the influence of Enlightenment thinkers on political revolutions from the 1700s to today . In Jefferson 's place , the board 's religious conservatives succeeded in inserting Thomas Aquinas and John Calvin . They also removed the reference to ‘ Enlightenment ideas ' in the standard , requiring that students should simply learn about the influence of the ‘ writings ' of various thinkers ( including Calvin and Aquinas ) . ”
A final vote , preceded by another public hearing and another chance to offer amendments , is scheduled for May .
How did the board get to this point ? Check out TPMmuckraker 's [ coverage ] ( http : //tpmmuckraker.talkingpointsmemo.com/textbooks/ ) of this story going back to September .
Good evening ,
I have often said that as long as the Brony fandom exists , and if people want them , I will continue to customize My Little Pony toys . However , as time has gone on , other interests and work have taken over my free time . It was inevitable , as some might say , but I suppose that 's how the way things are sometimes .
But I often remember the days when my free time was fully dedicated to customizing figures and showing them on social media , knowing that I was giving back to the fandom in some way . I certainly do n't regret it , but it 's fairly obvious that I 've been as productive as I used to be .
To be quite frank , the spark that I once had that got me active in the fandom has pretty much fizzed out , but not entirely .
With this being said , I regretfully had to cancel my vendor space for Whinny City Pony Con for this year . I try to have a balance between work and free time , but nowadays , work is more important , which has cut into the time I have for making ponies .
Along with that , the amount of free time I do have is now spent with a much older hobby of mine ; railway modeling , which is something I always enjoy even before Bronies were even a thing .
But rest assured , my commissions are always open , and I do plan on returning to TrotCon and ( knocks on wood ) BronyCon for it 's grand finale .
Have a good day .
-Silver Band
In July 1988 , 736 weeks after it debuted on Billboard 's album chart , Pink Floyd 's 1973 classic The Dark Side of the Moon finally left the weekly Top 200 listing .
All these years after that chart record was set , it still has n't been broken .
On March 17 , 1973 , Pink Floyd 's eighth album debuted at No . 95 on the Billboard 's Top 200 album chart . It eventually made it all the way to No . 1 , where it stayed for one week . Before that , the band 's highest-charting LP was the previous year 's Obscured by Clouds , which peaked at No . 46 . The group was going through some changes at the time , and The Dark Side of the Moon proudly reflected them .
As the band 's audience grew , so did its landmark album 's stature . By the end of the decade , Pink Floyd scored two more No . 1 albums and a Top 3 LP . Through it all , The Dark Side of the Moon remained on the chart , moving up and down based on the band 's popularity at the moment .
As the early '80s gave way to the mid '80s and then entered the late '80s , the now-legendary album was still on the chart , having gone multi-platinum years ago . In the middle of July 1988 , The Dark Side of the Moon was perched near the bottom of the Top 200 in its 736th week . And then it quietly , after a long and prosperous run , fell off the chart .
But that was n't the end of The Dark Side of the Moon . The album re-entered the Top 200 and stayed there for five more weeks , bringing the album 's total tally to 741 weeks . But wait -- that still is n't the end of the record 's chart domination . With the addition of Billboard 's Catalog Albums chart -- which ranks older LPs that still manage to sell well each week -- The Dark Side of the Moon managed to log another 15 years , bring its total to more than 1,500 weeks ... and counting .
The album 's closest competition is Bob Marley 's Legend , which , as Billboard notes , is getting clobbered by Pink Floyd `` by an almost 2-1 margin '' in total chart weeks . The magazine also points out that The Dark Side of the Moon has sold around 40 million copies worldwide and still sells approximately 8,500 copies `` on a slow week ... often outpac [ ing ] the low end of the Billboard 200 . ''
Facebook : www.facebook.com/nazegorengcraftsTumblr : www.nazegoreng.tumblr.comTwitter : www.twitter.com/Nazegoreng -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - - See page & journal for details
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Vinyl Scratch / DJ PON3 Custom Plush for
Vinyl is made from ivory , azure and light turquoise minky .
Them eyes were embroidered with a Brother Innovis 750D embroidery machine , Madiera Rayon embroidery thread , and Bernina V6 embroidery software . The eyes were designed and digitised by me . Them pattern was also designed by me . Them hooves contain poly pellets so they can stand well on their own . They are 17 inches to the top of their head . They have flat hooves and 3d sculpted ears .
Them glasses are 100 % embroidered . I made them as patches and they have been attached and heat sealed around the edges . They have magnets that keep them in place . They also have a magnet in their mouth incase I ever want to make them more accessories to pick up . They feature gradient embroidery which is awesome because it 's super reflective . Them glasses shine differently at different angles . Man that used allot of thread ..
Please do not ask for the pattern , under no circumstance will I be giving it out .
In the middle of Die Hard , hero John McClane ( Bruce Willis ) meets terrorist thief leader Hans Gruber ( Alan Rickman ) , posing as a hostage . McClane suspects something is off and gets away . In the film , it could be McClane 's police instinct or Gruber 's European choice of cigarettes . Screenwriter Steven E. de Souza had a more specific intention , but only scant remnant are left in the film .
Speaking at a 30th-anniversary screening of their other movie , The Running Man , de Souza said there used to be a bigger plot point about the 12 “ terrorists ” all wearing the same watches .
“ Originally , they get off the truck , the camera craned up , you saw them in a circle and Alan Rickman says , ‘ Synchronize your watches , ' ” de Souza said . “ They all put their arms out in a circle with the camera moving down and they all had the same Tag Heuer watch . If you notice , the first guy Bruce kills almost by accident going down the steps , they search the body , looks at the IDs . ”
In a longer cut of the scene – before McClane dresses the dead terrorist in a Santa hat and writes “ Now I have a machine gun , Ho Ho Ho ” – McClane began to notice the terrorists ' watches .
“ He steals the cigarettes which is a laugh , ” de Souza said . “ He looks at the watch which gets another laugh because you 're thinking they might steal the watch . As they kill each guy , they notice they all had the same watch . When they talk to Dwayne Robinson , they say , ‘ I think these guys are professionals . Their IDs are too good . There are no labels on their clothes and they all have the same watch . ' ”
So why was “ synchronize your watches ” cut ? Well , a late addition to the ending of the movie made that shot problematic . In the last week of shooting , de Souza came up with the idea that Gruber 's crew planned to escape in an ambulance , and wrote the scene where Argyle ( De'voreaux White ) the limo driver crashed into the escape ambulance . De Souza got the idea from their own TV pilot for The Spirit , in which a killer plans to blow up a children 's hospital and escape in an ambulance . But there was no ambulance in the entrance scene while they 're saying , “ Synchronize watches . ”
“ [ Director ] John [ McTiernan ] says to the editor , ‘ Get the scissors in there . Cut as soon as you can when they get off the truck so we do n't see there 's no ambulance . ' Now without ‘ Synchronize your watches ' all of these moments where Bruce looks at these guys ' watches makes no sense . ”
Now that you know , pay attention to the scene between McClane and Gruber again .
“ When Bruce offers the cigarette to Alan Rickman , Bruce sees the watch , ” de Souza said . “ You see their eyes look at the watch . That 's how they know that they are one of the terrorists . ”
Unfortunately , that shot is a reverse on Hans , but you can see their watch poke out of their sleeve when they take the cigarette from McClane .
The liberal Left harms its own cause by ceding to its opponents what has historically been its most fundamental principle .
Someone is invited to address an audience at a university , but backs out due to threats of violence .
Historically , this would likely have been a conservative response to a progressive proposition ; women 's suffrage was met with violence , as were the LGBT and civil rights movement , in a pattern extending as far back as the enlightenment . In their time , these were all dangerous ideas -and continue to be so in many parts of the world- which had to be snuffed out lest the very fabric of society be pulled apart . If violent means were necessary to effectively achieve this end , so be it .
Today , the safer assumption to make would be that those historic roles are reversed .
Ann Coulter , America 's answer to Katie Hopkins , cancelled a planned speech at UC Berkeley last month after being invited by a student group at the university . The event had received threats of violent protests similar to those that shut down former Breitbart troll Milo Yiannopoulous on the same campus only months earlier , in which bandana-clad protesters clashed with police , threw Molotov cocktails , fired flares , pulled down barricades , and smashed windows .
Berkeley , along with the student groups that had invited her , pulled Coulter 's invitation for their original date fearing the violent outbreaks that could ensue .
In a poignant irony , Berkeley is the birthplace of the Free Speech Movement , in which students in the 1960s demonstrated to lift the ban on political speech on campus , and allow for free expression and academic freedom . For as long as the liberal tradition has existed , it 's been understood that stifling speech you disagree with – which has long been an authoritarian tool – sets the precedent by which ideas you hold dear can be stopped in the future .
Today , in a paradoxical combination of absolute certainty in their position , as well as an absolute refusal to argue that position from first principles , increasingly it is the left that shuts down speech anathema to its worldview . By doing so , the hard left has inadvertently let the right assume the mantle of champions of free expression in the West .
Coulter was offered an alternative date for their speech during a time when fewer students would be on campus , and therefore a lesser chance of violence , but turned it down . They could still have spoken , albeit to a smaller audience , but their refusal – however cynical in its intention – puts her , like many other right-wingers of late , in a position to play martyr ; a conservative hero of a liberal principle . Being shut down was a far better outcome for them than if they had delivered remarks which would quickly have been forgotten under different circumstances .
“ Free speech ” has become a dirty phrase to much of the modern left ; a dog whistle , an empty platitude , a Trojan horse mechanism by which bigots can spread their bile whilst comfortably cloaked in liberal rhetoric . Its invocation , even by those not on the right , is met with visceral suspicion . How can you defend someone 's right to hate-monger without tacitly endorsing their message ? How can you allow their message a platform without taking their side against those who they marginalise ?
Given the rise of nationalism and neo-fascism across the West , it is understandable that people lose faith in discourse . If the far-right does n't understand racism by now , then why should we assume they will through discussion ? This is the line of thinking shared by loose networks of militant far-left groups such as Antifa , who reject dialogue and in many cases favour physical confrontation with the aim of silencing right-wing speakers and violently counter-protesting far-right demonstrations .
A month before the Coulter incident at Berkeley , a similar incident took place at Middlebury College in Vermont when Charles Murray , best known for their highly controversial book , The Bell Curve , was set to give a speech . They promptly found themselves drowned out of the auditorium by a group of around 400 chanting protesters , mostly students .
They and Professor Allison Stanger , a Democrat who was asked by their students to moderate the event , were forced to leave to stage and proceed to another location where their exchange could be resumed via live-stream , which was itself interrupted by multiple fire alarms being – illegally- pulled and students banging on the windows .
After they left the live-stream , they were again met by the angry crowd and physically attacked , resulting in Stanger , a respected member of faculty , having to go to the hospital with a concussion and whiplash after being shoved and having their hair pulled by the mob .
Murray 's talk was transcribed and sent to 70 professors of different ranks and universities , omitting their name . When asked to rate the tone of the speech on a scale of 1 to 9 ( 1 being very conservative , 9 being very liberal ) , the average scoring was 5.5 ; middle of the road .
In an interview on a New York Times podcast , Elizabeth Dunn , one of the students who took part in the original protest in the auditorium , paints a revealing portrait of how the free speech issues surrounding the incident are seen :
“ I think one of the issues is that free speech is sort of this arbitrary switch that any administration in power can turn on and off when it coincides with their personal political values . So Charles Murray was n't silenced , because they were saying something that , regardless what other administrators or faculty or staff may have said , was validated by the institution , and that 's why they were allowed to speak . So I think that Charles Murray is doing just fine and I do n't think that their free speech was violated in the same way that people with less power are experiencing the situation . ”
A few things are notable here . Firstly , the notion that free speech is an “ arbitrary switch ” betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of the concept ; the whole point is that it transcends who holds power . Secondly , the idea that a university ca n't invite someone to speak without implicitly “ validating ” their views or giving them their institutional imprimatur undercuts the entire enterprise of filtering good ideas from bad ones .
When asked if they believe America is losing its common understanding of free speech , Dunn responds :
“ I actually do n't believe that there ever was a common understanding of free speech . I think that one group that was in power put forward a definition , and other groups did n't have the ability to debate that , and I think that now we 're actually reaching the point where enough people have got enough of a voice to start to push back against dominant ideas of what free speech is and what free speech should be , and I think that 's why there 's a lot of this tension right now . It 's not because all of a sudden there are a lot of disagreements or people are feeling way more sensitive , it 's just because for the first time in history people are actually able to speak . That 's just kind of why there 's finally disagreement , because people have been saying this all along , they just have n't actually had the ability to make it heard . ”
This is what most gets to the heart of the disagreement over the nature of free speech . Some see it through the prism of fundamental civil liberties , while others see it through the prism of power dynamics . It is not altogether wrong to see it as a power dynamics issue , as it is meant to be an equaliser ; no matter who you are , or what you believe , or what rank you possess on the social hierarchy , no one should be able to stop you from expressing your opinion .
This is not how Dunn and many progressive activists see it . For them , free speech is a zero-sum proposition ; a sliding scale . The more you have , the less I have , and the only way I can increase my access to free expression is to reduce yours . In their mind , protections on being able to speak your mind are structures designed to allow those in power to oppress , rather than allow those without power to enter the fray .
It is true that majority voices often enjoy more attention than minority voices do , but it is incorrect to conflate people 's propensity to pay attention to a message – however deserving – with the messenger 's ability to speak freely .
Progressive activists ' waning regard for the marketplace of ideas is destructive not only to discourse , but to the progressive movement itself . The consequences of refusing to even engage with distasteful propositions are not difficult to see in the rising nationalist trend around the world ; in the absence of dialogue , demagogy is seen as courageous truth telling , especially when the demagogues position themselves as victims .
The fact that today , the banners supporting free speech are more likely to be held by the xenophobes and white supremacists than by the liberals is not confirmation that the concept itself is rotten , but rather an indication that the left has slowly been abandoning a fundamental principle , and it is only to their detriment that they let racists fill the void .
Around the edge of the baseball field at Camp Bonifas , South Korean marines under the United Nations Command are busy building four bomb shelters .
The American and Korean troops at the camp are just 400 yards from the Demilitarised Zone ( DMZ ) that has divided North from South Korea since the 1953 armistice . It has always been a tense place , ringed by razor wire and minefields , but now there is a particular urgency to the military spadework .
North Korea has carried out two major military attacks on the South in the past 15 months , and is widely believed in Seoul to be planning a third , in an attempt to extract diplomatic and economic concessions .
What makes the current situation so fraught with danger – some say the most perilous moment on the Korean peninsula for a generation – is South Korea 's hardline stance . The government of President Lee Myung-bak , facing elections next year and criticism for its cautious response to the previous two incidents , is threatening to unleash a far more punishing response to any further `` provocation '' , setting the scene for an unpredictable tit-for-tat escalation .
South Korean islands along the western maritime border , the scene of the two earlier incidents , are bristling with new weapons . Government officials in Seoul confirmed that those new defences will include Israeli-made Delilah missiles , with a range of 150 miles – enough to hit Pyongyang .
The South Korean military is meanwhile preparing new rules of engagement for its frontline troops which would allow it to respond `` robustly '' to an attack without immediately consulting the government in Seoul . Security officials talk of `` proactive deterrence '' , saying any future response would no longer be proportionate , but rather punitive enough to dissuade the Kim Jong-il regime in Pyongyang from making further attacks .
A South Korean counterattack would target not just the North Korean units involved in any future military action but command posts as far away as the North Korean capital . Officials in Seoul even talk of a future incident as `` an opportunity '' that would allow them to `` restore '' a working level of deterrence . But it is a high-risk strategy .
`` We are now in the most dangerous moment in Korean history over the last 25 years , '' said Andrei Lankov , a Russian professor at Seoul 's Kookmin University . `` South Korea has already committed itself to a strong reaction to a future North Korean provocation so many times and so loudly that if they do n't do it they will lose elections and be shamed .
`` So they will probably react . North Korea is not getting what they want [ diplomatically ] so they will probably use their usual trick of rising escalation . My advice to war history fans is you should think of buying a map of the Korean peninsula . ''
Government officials in Seoul , speaking off the record , agreed that they were braced for a North Korean `` provocation '' , because Pyongyang 's peace overtures of the past few months have failed to persuade Seoul , Washington or Tokyo to enter a dialogue . All three capitals insist on a North Korean apology for the two previous incidents , the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan , and the bombardment of the western island of Yeonpyeong , as well as concrete steps towards dismantling the North Korean nuclear programme , as preconditions for talks .
`` North Korea has been trying this peace offensive for the past seven months . Now is the time for the North Koreans to change their mode towards a more conflictual approach , '' a former South Korean official and government adviser predicted .
Another reason Seoul expects another incident is that the regime in Pyongyang appears to be seeking to enhance the martial credentials of the heir apparent , Kim Jong-un , by flexing North Korea 's muscles .
Seoul 's bellicose language and heavy investment in border defences is clearly aimed at dissuading Pyongyang from trying a repeat of the Cheonan or Yeonpyeong attacks . However , some observers doubt whether South Korea 's political leaders and military commanders , when the moment came , would actually order a response that risked triggering a full-scale war .
`` I do n't know if there is real political will , '' the former official said . `` The new order being given to commanders is 'shoot first and then call ' [ Seoul ] . But I do n't know if the field commanders will shoot . Also , while the rules of engagement have changed to more proactive deterrence , looking at the current deployment of forces , I do n't think we have the ability to execute that plan . ''
North Korea 's next move to grab Washington 's attention may also come in another form , a third nuclear test . South Korean government experts believe Pyongyang is fully capable of carrying out such a test and argue that the decision will ultimately be political : whether it would be more likely to force concessions from a concerned international community , largely in the form of food aid , or tighten the sanctions screw on North Korea still further .
In response to a nuclear test , Seoul would have no military response , and would instead have to hope that China , North Korea 's neighbour and protector , would agree to further sanctions . `` China 's record so far is not encouraging , '' an official conceded .
While there is widespread apprehension in the region that Korea 's frozen conflict will turn hot once more in the near future , there is also general agreement that all the parties to the conflict will do their utmost to ensure there is no return to full-scale war .
`` Both sides are afraid of war and if they see that the probability is real they will go to a lot of highly humiliating concessions to prevent it , '' Lankov said .
`` That is because North Korea knows that it is going to lose , and South Korean knows it is going to win but at a cost that is unacceptable , and it does n't know what to do if it does win . ''
FAIRFIELD , Conn. - A woman whose son served them with eviction papers on their 98th birthday two months ago is fighting their efforts to remove them from their home .
Mary Kantorowski has lived in their yellow , Cape Cod-style home in Fairfield since 1953 . Them the oldest son , 71-year-old Peter Kantorowski of Trumbull , says he 's concerned about their their well-being . When they last saw their eight months ago , they seemed disoriented and was living in poor conditions , they said .
Peter Kantorowski , who owns the house , says their mother has rejected their suggestions to live with them or in a nursing home . A trial is set to being March 2 in Bridgeport Superior Court .
The eviction attempt has led to bad blood among family members .
`` I did n't think they would do it , '' Mary Kantorowski said . `` My husband worked hard , difficult jobs to buy this house . They built the garage and did a lot of work on the house and they told me never to leave it . ''
Them husband , John , died in 1997 .
`` This is just a despicable situation , '' their lawyer , Richard Bortolot Jr. , told the Connecticut Post . `` Mary has been living here happily paying all the expenses for the house and now their son , Peter , comes along and is telling her , ` Get the hell out , ' so they can sell it . ''
Mary Kantorowski 's other son , Jack Kantorowski , told WTNH-TV : `` There are no other words to call him . He 's just a scumbag . ''
Bortolot says a probate court stopped Peter Kantorowski from trying to sell the house after the eviction papers were served on their mother in December .
Peter Kantorowski says he 's just looking out for their mother 's best interests .
`` I 'm not throwing them on the street , '' they said . `` At their age , at 98 , I 'm sure that they should be with people of their peers . They should have their meals on time . ''
BY : Follow @ chandlergillDC
Talk show host Chelsea Handler said Saturday that they will not consider having First Lady Melania Trump on their show because `` she can barely speak English . ''
Handler spoke with Variety ‘ s Elizabeth Wagmeister after leading a Women 's March during the Sundance Film Festival , Mediate reported .
Handler has been a vocal critic of President Donald Trump , telling other media outlets that they would not have them on their show .
But then Wagmeister asked if Handler would have the first lady on the show instead of their husband .
`` Melania ? '' Handler asked . `` To talk about what ? They can barely speak English . ''
When given the chance to soften their stance on Melania , Handler fired another attack .
`` What do you think about them as the first lady ? '' Wagmeister asked .
`` Exactly what I think about them as the first man , '' Handler said . `` Nothing . I do n't respect either one of those people . ''
Handler then called the new president the `` grossest–physically , emotionally , mentally . ''
Handler is not the first celebrity to fire shots at the first lady 's English .
Model Gigi Hadid did an impersonation of Melania Trump at the American Music Awards in November , sparking outrage over social media . Hadid was called a `` racist '' for the impersonation , and in turn , issued a hand-written apology .
Somehow this was delivered between 8 PM ( when we locked up for the night ) and 8 AM ( when we were leaving for work ) . I think Santa must have brought it ...
So even though we were on the way out the door , we put going to work on hold and ran back inside to inspect our loot . We opened the box and found a present , some pixy sticks , and a card that said to open after all the gifts . Opening the gift box revealed not 1 , but 4 separate presents !
My wife immediately claimed the chocolates as their own . The `` night cap '' shot glass will be all mine , and I 'm going to hold onto the hand made football kindle cover for as long as she 'll let me . It 's awesome ! I 'm terrified of letting my boys into that much sugar , but the pixy sticks will probably end up going to them . And last but not least is a huge jar of Hooters hot wing sauce ! Is it weird to eat straight hot sauce with a spoon at 8 AM ?
Thanks so much Secret Santa !
Modern life – a cycle of inadequate exposure to natural light during the day and overexposure to artificial light at night – can mess with the body 's natural sleep pattern .
But new lighting may be able to restore the body 's circadian rhythm , the biological mechanism that enables restful sleep , according to UConn Health cancer epidemiologist Richard Stevens , who has been studying the effects of artificial lighting on human health for three decades .
“ It 's become clear that typical lighting is affecting our physiology , ” Stevens says . “ We 're learning that better lighting can reduce these physiological effects . By that we mean dimmer and longer wavelengths in the evening , and avoiding the bright blue of e-readers , tablets , and smart phones . ”
Stevens and co-author Yong Zhu from Yale University explain the known short-term and suspected long-term impacts of circadian disruption in a newly published article published in the British journal Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B .
“ It 's a new analysis and synthesis of what we know up to now on the effect of lighting on our health , ” Stevens says . While short-term effects can be seen in sleep patterns , “ there 's growing evidence that the long-term implications of this have ties to breast cancer , obesity , diabetes , and depression , and possibly other cancers . ”
For people , electronic devices emit enough blue light when used in the evening to suppress the sleep-inducing hormone melatonin and disrupt the body 's circadian rhythm .
For all life forms – including plants , insects , and animals – excessive lighting of the night sky also has an impact that is just now beginning to be appreciated , say Stevens and Zhu . Yet newer technology is now making it possible to generate , direct , and manage light at night to better accommodate the circadian physiology of life forms in general , the researchers add .
Stevens recommends that people become aware of how the type of light emitted from electronic devices affects our biology . They say a recent study comparing people who used e-readers to those who read old-fashioned books in the evening showed a clear difference – the e-readers showed delayed melatonin onset .
“ It 's about how much light you 're getting in the evening , ” Stevens says . “ It does n't mean you have to turn all the lights off at eight o'clock every night , it just means if you have a choice between an e-reader and a book , the book is less disruptive to your body clock . At night , the better , more circadian-friendly light is dimmer and , believe it or not , redder , like an incandescent bulb . ”
Stevens was on the scientific panel whose work led to the classification of shift work as a “ probable carcinogen ” by the International Agency on Cancer Research in 2007 .
Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B goes back to the 17th century . Its authors have included noted scientists Isaac Newton and Charles Darwin . The publisher claims it to be the world 's first scientific journal .
Follow UConn Health on Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , and SoundCloud .
The Associated Press
SAN ANTONIO — Three children and a bus driver have suffered minor injuries after a school bus crashed into a home at a Texas military base .
The bus was returning children home from Fort Sam Houston Elementary School Friday afternoon when it ran into a home in a military housing area . The military base is in central San Antonio .
Fort Sam Houston spokesperson Brent Boller says two children on the bus , one child in the house and the bus driver were injured .
The driver was hospitalized in stable condition . Boller said the injured children were also taken to hospitals but they did not immediately know their conditions . All of the injuries were minor .
Boller said the driver indicated the brakes on the bus had failed .
Just a few weeks after T-Mobile US started letting customers keep unused data for up to a year , AT & T today announced a similar program , but with stricter limits . Eligible AT & T customers will keep unused data for one month .
`` Beginning January 25 , all new and current AT & T Mobile Share Value customers will automatically receive the Rollover Data feature at no additional cost , '' AT & T said today . `` Now , all Mobile Share Value customers will have their unused , shareable plan data in a given month roll over to be used within the next month . The best part is that it is simple and easy to track , and Rollover Data benefits the whole family or business—across all smartphones and devices on the same Mobile Share Value plan . ''
More than 50 million customers will receive the rollover data , AT & T said . In all , AT & T has 118.7 million wireless subscribers and connections , 75.1 million of which are postpaid . The rest are classified as prepaid , reseller , and connected devices . Prepaid customers are n't eligible for rollover data , nor are people grandfathered into older data plans . Some of the older plans have unlimited data , however .
T-Mobile says it plans to extend rollover data to prepaid customers , but it has n't done so yet .
AT & T was apparently planning the rollover program even before T-Mobile announced its own initiative . `` According to records from the US Patent and Trademark Office , [ AT & T ] filed on Nov. 25 to trademark 'Mobile Share Rollover , ' 'Rollover Data ' and 'Family Rollover , ' '' The Wall Street Journal wrote last month .
AT & T 's rollover program does have at least one benefit over T-Mobile 's similar `` Data Stash . '' While T-Mobile 's rollover data is only available to Simple Choice smartphone customers who pay for at least 3GB a month ( or tablet customers who buy at least 1GB a month ) , AT & T allows customers with any size Mobile Share Value plan to use data rollover . T-Mobile does give all eligible customers a free 10GB in their `` Data Stash '' to use over a 12-month period .
Rollover is also more important for AT & T customers . When T-Mobile customers go over data limits , they can continue to use the Internet at lower speeds at no additional cost . AT & T automatically charges customers extra when they exceed data caps . Hopefully , that will happen a bit less often after the data rollover program takes effect . And with any luck , these moves by T-Mobile and AT & T will pressure Verizon Wireless and Sprint to give their customers the same perk .
Mozilla CTO Andreas Gal Mozilla Last week , Mozilla tapped Andreas Gal as its new chief technology officer .
Gal 's rise to CTO comes under less-than-ideal circumstances . He 's filling the role that Brendan Eich left in March for their short and controversial stint as Mozilla CEO .
Eich resigned after only nine days , amid an outcry over their 2008 support for a California law banning same-sex marriage . The controversy rocked the normally tight-knit community of developers that helps produce Mozilla 's free , open-source Internet applications . Chris Beard , former chief marketing officer , is now acting CEO as Mozilla looks for a new boss .
Gal , a six-year Mozilla veteran who most recently served as vice president of mobile , says he 's confident the company can regroup . He 's intensely focused on Firefox OS , a mobile operating system with big ambitions : winning the battle for the next two billion smartphone users .
Firefox OS only runs apps written in HTML5 , the Web 's core coding language . This is a radical departure from the native app platforms that dominate the global smartphone market : Google 's Android , Apple 's iOS , and Microsoft 's Windows Phone . Native apps can only run on the operating systems ( and in Apple 's case the hardware ) that they 're written for , while HTML5 apps can run on any device with a Web browser .
Gal spoke with us from Mozilla 's headquarters in Mountain View , Calif. just one day after their promotion . The full interview was originally published in two parts on BI Intelligence .
Access The Full Interview On BI Intelligence By Signing Up For A Free Trial Today > >
This interview has been edited for clarity and brevity .
BI Intelligence : Why the big push at Mozilla toward a Web-based mobile operating system ? What kind of advantages does it offer ?
Andreas Gal : The key strength of HTML5 is that it 's not a controlled , owned ecosystem the way Android and iOS are . That actually makes it completely different , because when you look at these proprietary systems , every aspect of the ecosystem — the commercial economics , but also the actual technology — is controlled by a corporation like Apple or Google . We believe that 's not really the right approach to scale up globally . If you look at an app store based on iOS for example — and Apple controls what kind of content can go in there — that might scale to all of North America , but it 's very hard to see how that 's going to scale to seven or eight billion people over time . The world is too large for that . So that 's one of the most important abstract advantages of HTML5 .
BI Intelligence : Where do you see the biggest opportunity to grab market share with Firefox OS ?
Andreas Gal : If we have this conversation again in five years , my prediction is that HTML5 will have taken over every part of the ecosystem : low-end , high-end , tablets , smartphones .
In the shorter term , we have a very specific strategy . We looked at the market and felt that it 's segmented — at the high end is iPhone , the most expensive , really polished high-end experience . With Android , Google is trying to get it closer and closer to the iPhone experience . They 're trying to compete with the iPhone . We felt that the high-end is not really a good place to start , so we looked at the opposite end of the spectrum . If you look at the area of very affordable smartphones — probably the first smartphone experience for the next couple of billion people who are coming online — that market is really a vacuum these days , because Google is pulling their experience up . They 're leaving behind literally billions of people who are in parts of the world where iPhones , or a very high-end Android phone , are not really alternatives . It 's a tremendous opportunity — there are billions of people who are looking for this kind of phone . There are many more people who are looking for this kind of price-point than people who can afford iOS .
BII : What 's the strategy for reaching those people ?
AG : Last year , we launched in 14 countries all over Latin America and Eastern Europe . Those are markets where many people use feature phones today . So they will need to update to their first smartphones , and an iPhone or a high-end smartphone is not really viable for them . The first version of Firefox OS is really tuned toward the first-time smartphone user , to teach you how to use data , give you a way to discover apps in a playful way . We show you what kind of apps might be useful .
BII : Mozilla has announced plans for a $ 25 smartphone . Where are those plans , and when can we expect to see that phone start shipping ?
AG : We 're working with a chipset partner in China , and together with them and manufacturers we believe we 'll be able to bring the price tag down to $ 25 for a simple , affordable smartphone . We have not released any concrete dates , but we already said to expect availability shortly after [ the Mobile World Congress ] in February . So we 're working on bringing these devices to market with various execution partners , and you should see updates not too long from now .
BII : Will we see Firefox OS running on more premium devices at any point ?
AG : We 'll start slowly offering a wider range of devices . So we 're working with some other partners on making slightly higher-end Firefox OS smartphones . And `` higher-end '' is kind of in air-quotes — it means we 'll start to cover the whole entry-level segment , but also that we 're going to start ranging into the mid-tier segment . We 're still not trying to compete with iOS in any way . We still see Android as the competitor . At the high-end we might bump into the Android platform .
BII : Can HTML5 compete on experience at the higher end ?
AG : We do n't really see a limitation to HTML5 — you can actually have very high-end , 3-D immersive gaming , and we 've shown demos of that . We do n't see HTML5 as the ecosystem specifically for affordable phones , we simply think that it 's a great entry opportunity into the market . Given enough time and enough development , we will climb up the ladder and offer more high-end devices over the next couple of years . At some point , HTML5 should be able to cover the entire market . But today for us , the focus is at the entry-level price point .
BII : What are your success metrics for Firefox OS ?
AG : Mozilla , as you probably know , is a very unusual entity . We are a nonprofit foundation , so for us success is a little bit different . We do n't have shareholders , we do n't have profit statements . I do n't have to go to a board and justify how much money we make . So those are all non-goals for us . This makes our approach a little bit different . One of the reasons we can afford to target the entry-level segment — despite things like average revenue per user , which could be very low — is that the revenue is not really a driving force for us . For us , it 's important to reach as many people as possible with technology , and bring digital content to them . So that 's really the key metric and the key driver we 're using right now , reaching people , bringing the open Web to them , bringing content to them , and bringing more people into this digital age through a smartphone , which for many people is the first device they 'll use to access online content . We are trying to bring open standards to people , to allow them to access open ecosystems .
BII : It seems like market share would be a good indicator of progress on that front , though .
AC : Our ultimate strategy is to make HTML5 the dominant standard in mobile , and to displace these proprietary ecosystems that lock people into a jail . That would be the larger success for us , not just for us to be successful with HTML5 , but for others to also be successful with HTML5 . So in an ideal world , a couple of years from now , I would like to not only see Firefox OS succeed with this open ecosystem , but also Android and iOS starting to embrace the HTML5 open ecosystem . If you look at desktops , Firefox does n't have 100 % share today on desktop , and that 's good . We have a certain share , there 's a certain share for Chrome , for Safari , or even [ Internet Explorer ] . And this is great , because nobody controls the desktop . These companies all compete with each other for the user , and this creates an unparalleled pace of innovation . So we would like to see the same thing happen on mobile , that HTML5 is the open technology standard behind everything mobile . We all will compete over the quality of the implementation , instead of using proprietary ecosystems to lock people into the technology stack .
BII : There have been some high-level shake-ups at Mozilla in the past month , with Brendan Eich 's promotion from CTO to CEO and subsequent resignation . What was the reaction on your team , and how do those changes impact the overall product strategy for Firefox OS ?
AG : The Firefox OS engineering team reports to me , and there has been no change in that . But Brendan 's departure was unexpected . That was certainly something that left a lasting impression at Mozilla . We had all been working with Brendan for a very long time . Personally , I 've worked with them for six years , very closely , and I used to report to them until very recently . And there are people on my team who had worked with them even longer , people who were around when Mozilla was founded many years ago . So of course , Brendan is a very important part of Mozilla — they are one of the co-founders . This kind of change never happens without completely impacting people . But at the same time , we have very important things to do this year . And we have many millions of devices to get into people 's hands . So I think my entire team is going to be focused on that , and I have n't seen any disruption to what 's happening on that level .
For full access to all BI Intelligence 's analysis and industry-focused mobile news coverage , sign up for a free trial .
EDIT : 5000 votes in favor . Riot , it is beyond disappointing that you apparently consider this thread not worth seriously responding to . For the love of god can you please just drop in for 5 seconds to say yes , no , or maybe ?
Edit : So Rito , I hear tell you 're having issues with some players modding the game to have 5v5 all same champ . It 's almost as if they were absolutely sick of waiting for you to do anything whatsoever to make custom games actually good like some of your competitors . Mayhaps it 's a sign you should listen to the thousands of your players who 've already voiced their support here ?
For all you too long ; did n't readers , skip to the `` My Proposition Summarized '' paragraph for the quick read .
Intro
First of all , Riot , you have a beautiful game . Thank you . However , your custom games are somewhat lacking in the actually customizable department . As of now , a custom game is pick bots , pick map , invite friends . A `` custom '' game basically entails everything that a regulated game has except you can choose your own opponents . You only get to customize one thing . Although technically custom , it leaves so much more to be desired .
My Proposition Summarized
Allow custom game makers to modify basic character and game traits . By this I mean like having a game where everyone has double speed , altered cooldowns , and/or a lot of starting gold just as a few examples . There 's a list below the next breakdown paragraph for some more examples .
Edit : I 'm not suggesting Riot make every single feature modifiable ( as much as I would like it ) . I realize this would be a huge timesuck and would require a lot of resources . The main point I want to get across in this post is custom games needs at least something . I 've suggested many in this thread but I 'd expect Riot to pick the most important ones and not undergo a gigantic endeavor of reprogramming absolutely everything in customs .
IF YOU SUPPORT PLEASE BUMP WITH YOUR UPVOTE ! It means a lot ! If you 're really into the idea , do share with friends . Every vote helps !
Breaking It Down
So for modifying the base traits of the game I would suggest an option menu when you 're creating a custom game and it would have a list with things such as health , mana and mana cost , health/mana regen , gold generation , move speed , and damage modifier just to name a few . There are obviously very many modifiable things and I would n't expect all of them but I 'm sure if Riot were to add this feature they would be quite capable of picking out the important ones . Also , the way you would modify is just click on a drop down menu next to the stat ( move speed for example ) to be modified and choose from probably some presets such as positive or negative 10 , 25 , 50 , 75 , or 90 percent . Just good numbers to start with I believe but there could always be the option of just entering your own percent as well . If this were to be an option , I believe you should be able to change the stats for each team as well ( in case one team , especially bots , needs something extra or another team needs to be handicapped ) . Below is a list of some of the things that alter more of the game and not the characters .
The List
* Clone champs allowed ( 5v5 all Blitz would be hilarious and ridiculous . Just one of many awesome possibilities ) Also , if this were implemented , it would be cool to have it just be a selectable option when creating the game . So instead of picking blind pick/draft/random you could just have an extra option that is `` all one champ '' and you could have another drop down box that would let you pick which champ ( this would prevent troll picks ) .
* Starting gold
* Starting level
* Possibly 6v6 ( would add a bit of computational stress to the game system though )
* Certain champ types only ( only melee , only range , etc )
* Limited number of lives per player or per team
* Items allowed ( or no items )
* Allow dual summoner spells ( Double flash for ridiculous plays )
* Different victory conditions ( get so many kills , kill a certain player , maybe even capture the flag but I feel as though that would take a bit more additional programming )
* Which lanes would spawn minions as well as what type of minions and how many
* Turn off turrets or nexus ( for the possibility of a game type where you win by amount of kills )
* Edit : No Fog of War option ( Thanks to BrandonBurry7 for this idea )
* Edit : Option to remove 3 minute wait in spectator mode ( suggested by saraffan & Sokar468 )
* Edit : There 's a list on p30 by Febo Apolo from an older thread they created that has a handful of the same stuff here but also some other ideas that I think are worth checking out . ( I especially like the Hardcore friendly fire skills shots which of course could only work in a game with friends otherwise trolls galore )
* Edit : Choose champions for your enemy ( Thanks to Good Vi )
* Edit : Revenge icon . Icon stays over head of champion who last killed you revealing them to you until they die . ( Thanks to ATastyDessert )
* Edit : Auras . These would be like the modified healing rate or mana regen rate auras of Dominion or Howling Abyss but hopefully with more options modified ( Thanks to the wonderful bumper Vovix )
* Edit : Options to turn off the Unique part of item passives . 5v5 only sunfire Garen fight ! ( Thanks to MiguinBlaster )
* Edit : Allow option to set jungle monsters to wander mode . Think of the dragon as a neutral enemy jungler who will mess * * * * up when they wander into lanes . Lot of details would have to be worked out with this option . ( Thanks to solomon hungry )
* Edit : Horde mode . As seen here - > http : //na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php ? t=3368676
* Edit : Quick restart game without having to quit out and remake . This would be amazing for junglers who are practicing their clear times and routes . ( Thanks to The Supreme Khan )
* Edit : WTF Mode . I 've basically implied the possibility of this with the breaking it down paragraph above but a million posters asking for WTF mode suggests it needs to be explicitly stated .
Should some or all of these options be added , players should also be given the ability to save their custom game mode for easier access in the future . Thanks to BigBoyNow for bringing this up !
Why Should You Add This , Riot ?
This section is directed more at Riot but for those who just really dig this post , read on ! Otherwise , just skip this section . I 've bolded the main reasons amongst the rambling .
There are several good reasons . I do not have a whole lot of experience with other mobas but from what I hear , some of your competitors offer quite a better variety of customization and different game modes . Why should new players pick your game if competitors ' games offer more options ? Also , this same diversity does wonders for a game 's replay value . The original Starcraft , for example , maintained a strong fanbase for ages until the second game came out . How ? One part was certainly that it was just an amazing game but also players could create their own maps ( not advocating for a mapmaker by the way although it would be cool ) and actually custom games to their heart 's content and even when Blizzard was not releasing content , there was still a legion of dedicated followers playing endless different player made custom games . Unless you start churning out new game modes much more frequently , you will be losing quite a bit more players due to boredom with the game than you would if you allowed us to make our own game modes .
Some options , such as setting the starting gold and level for example , will allow new players to learn the game more quickly . Everyone in their noob days has made quite a few follies when purchasing items but how can they avoid it ? The only way to see what item builds work is by waiting quite a while until you have farmed enough in a game to buy items . Many people ( myself included ) do not have the patience to farm up in a boring bot game just to try a new build . This leads to players experimenting in real games and if their build turns out to be * * * * , a player can bring their whole team down . Setting starting gold and level ( amongst other options ) will allow players of all experience levels to avoid wasting their time farming up gold and levels just to see if something will work or not . It will also make practicing late game team fights ( which often decides who wins and who loses ) much easier .
Last and most importantly , it creates more ways to have fun . As a game designer , the one question that should always be on your mind is `` How can we make the game more fun for our players ? '' Fun is the entire basis for playing a game so why not improve upon that aspect in a way the majority of players would greatly appreciate ?
Conclusion
As I have stated , there are many modifiable features and it would be ridiculous to expect everything . However , please let us customize more than a single aspect of our custom games , Riot . There 's a whole 'nother game embedded in the existing game . You just have to let us get to it .
Input ?
I would greatly like to hear what others think of this idea and of course I 'm open to any civil and coherent comments/criticisms/suggestions . Please post your support if you like the idea and/or vote up above .
Edit : A year down the road resurrecting this thread , I do wish that I had not made the negative option quite so biased but honestly , if you do not support , please give a reason because there are a lot of trolls on this forum and I 'm very curious to hear some good reasons why someone would think none of these should be added .
All my thanks to those people who have taken the time to bump this thread in addition to voting for it . A billion more thanks to people who come back later to continue bumping !
Just for fun idea ( courtesy of L Rayquaza )
100 % cd , infinite mana/energy , no damage . 4 Lee Sins and a Teemo on each team . Goal is to kick enemy team 's teemo into your fountain turret . Rito pls .
EDIT : 4000+ votes in favor . Could you at least give a response as to whether or not this will happen and why , Riot ?
EDIT : 3000+ votes in favor . Riot , all the cool kids are designing customizable custom games . You want to be cool do n't you ?
EDIT : 2000+ votes with 95 % in favor within 4 days ! Thank you very much to the wonderful people who are bumping the thread ! It appears the majority of us would be happy if they even just allowed multiple people to be able to play the same champ in customs . So come on Riot , that could n't be too much to ask for if nothing else , right ?
EDIT : 1000+ votes in favor of this doubling the amount of votes from about 5 hours ago . Awesomeness abounds . Let 's keep the support goin !
EDIT : 500+ votes in favor of this within just a little over a day ! Thank you so much everyone for your support ! I think the amount and speed of votes in such a short time is a strong message that this community wants something done ! Riot , do n't let LOL fall behind other popular more customizable games
Riot Bait : BUFF IRELIA BUFF IRELIA BUFF IRELIA BUFF IRELIA @ morello @ zileas @ xypherous @ xelnath @ guinsoo @ udyr @ ezreal @ scarizard vayne op elise op zac op jax op JINX WHERe @ brackhar
An $ 18 million settlement has been reached over allegations a bank discriminated against Latino and black borrowers .
According to the U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) , it was alleged that the Fifth Third Bank engaged in `` a pattern or practice '' of discriminating Latino and black borrowers in its indirect auto lending business .
The $ 18 million settlement still is subject to court approval , but it will include compensation for borrowers who were overcharged . With the settlement , Fifth Third Bank must change its method of pricing car loans . In addition , Fifth Third will limit its loan prices by `` limiting dealer markup to 125 basis points , or 1.25 percent , for loans of 60 months or less , and to 100 basis points , or one percent , for loans greater than 60 months . ''
The DOJ revealed Fifth Third 's lending practice was `` subjective and unguided '' and affected Latinos and black borrowers , who as a result had to pay more than qualified non-Hispanic white borrowers . An average black and Latino borrower had to pay more than $ 200 during the term of a loan .
`` We commend Fifth Third for its commitment to treating all of its customers fairly without regard to race or national origin and its leadership in agreeing to impose lower caps on discretionary markups , '' said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta , head of the DOJ Civil Rights Division . `` This agreement shows that the indirect auto lending industry is moving toward a model of dealer compensation that fairly compensates dealers for their work related to loans , while limiting the dealer markup that leads to discriminatory pricing . ''
A DOJ statement explained the `` indirect '' loans were , stating , `` rather than taking applications directly from consumers , the bank makes most of its auto loans through car dealers nationwide who help their customers pay for their new or used car by submitting their loan application to Fifth Third . '' The car dealers were able to mark up a loan 's interest rate . Specifically , the car dealers increased the interest rate based from the initial Fifth Third lending prices .
`` Dealers received greater payments from Fifth Third for loans that included a higher interest rate markup , '' the DOJ added .
With the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ( ECOA ) , all forms of loan discrimination are prohibited . The DOJ and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) will eventually announce how the compensation process will occur . An administrator will contact borrowers who may be eligible for compensation .
`` We are committed to promoting fair and equal access to credit in the auto finance marketplace , '' CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement . `` Fifth Third 's move to a new pricing and compensation system represents a significant step toward protecting consumers from discrimination . ''
__
For the latest updates , follow Latin Post 's Politics Editor Michael Oleaga on Twitter : @ EditorMikeO or contact via email : m.oleaga @ latinpost.com .
Engineer finds clues in WTC wreckage
JERSEY CITY , New Jersey ( CNN ) -- The jets that sliced through the twin towers of the World Trade Center were like bullets shot into people , a structural engineer said Friday .
Funded by a grant from the National Science Foundation , Abolhassan Astaneh-Asl has spent the past two weeks collecting `` perishable data . ''
That has meant picking through debris moved from Ground Zero to a Jersey City scrapyard so that scientists can establish what failed , when and how .
The professor at the University of California at Berkeley said preliminary evidence indicates the structures withstood the impacts of the planes .
Astaneh-Asl drew that conclusion after coming across clues like a steel support 1.5 inches thick from around the elevator shaft in the center of one of the towers .
A semi-circular chunk of the support is gone . `` It looks like a big bullet passed through here , '' they said .
Judging by the curve of the chunk , that bullet , they said , was most likely the nose of a Boeing 767 .
Despite the fact that 40 percent of the steel beam was torn away , the column did not collapse , an example of redundancy built into the 1970s-vintage structure . `` The impact did nothing to this building , '' they said with admiration .
Instead , a preliminary examination shows it was the fire with heat exceeding 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit that caused the steel to fail and the floors to drop , pancaking into mounds of debris , they said .
Astaneh-Asl came across another piece of steel with a slice through part of it , `` like a knife on butter . ''
They suspect that the mark was left by the plane 's wing . `` Steel does n't fracture like this unless it 's hit by something sharp and fast , '' they said .
And they found a chunk of solder that had been in a toilet . They plan to send it to a lab at the University of California , where researchers will try to determine how hot it was inside the bathroom .
Much of their work , though , is mundane : Collecting pieces of glass and weighing them , so that a computer model of the building that they are creating to simulate what happened will be as accurate as possible .
Gypsum taken from steel columns will be tested to see what kind of fire protection it offers .
And steel wires , used to reinforce the floor , will be examined to determine how strong they are .
So far , they said , their work shows the building was well constructed : washers appear to have been properly bolted ; the builder used top-quality materials .
Astaneh-Asl said they hope their work might one day be used to help design a different structure perhaps using different materials that would keep a plane from piercing the core of a building and spilling its explosive cargo of jet fuel , they said .
The estimated 300,000 tons of steel from the towers will be melted and made into new steel . Hugo Neu Schnitzer East is one of several scrapyards with city contracts .
Manager Bob Kelman says they have spent more than two decades in the scrap metal business but has never before seen metal in the shape they are now getting it .
`` I 've seen four-inch and five-inch steel beams twisted into shapes never intended -- that many would think impossible , '' they said .
Tuesday on Fox News Channel 's “ Fox & Friends , ” Daily Caller editor and network regular Tucker Carlson reacted to Sen. Bernie Sanders ' ( I-VT ) speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia a night earlier .
Sanders , formerly a candidate for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination , urged their supporters to get behind their former opponent presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . According to Carlson , that shows Sanders was a “ puppet of people in power . ”
“ A lot of them are sincere ideologues who I disagree with , but respect for their sincerity – Bernie Sanders not among them , ” Carlson said . “ Bernie Sanders turned out to not be a revolutionary but an obedient little party guy that does what he 's told . How sad is that ? ”
“ I think they betrayed the ideals of the people who supported him , ” they added . “ And I think they revealed themselves again , not as a free thinker or someone who is bigger than politics , but someone who is just a puppet of people in power . ”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
Landon Donovan and Thierry Henry soon will be heading back to their respective MLS clubs , and Saturday demonstrated further how much they 'll be missed by their EPL teams .
Donovan had yet another assist as Everton upset visiting Chelsea , 2-0 , while Henry scored the late game-winner as Arsenal won 2-1 at Sunderland .
Everton was leading Chelsea by one and looking for the insurance goal when Donovan picked up a loose ball following a tackle by veteran defender Phil Neville in the 71st minute .
Donovan cut in from the right wing , beat two Chelsea defenders and slipped a perfect pass through to forward Denis Stracqualursi . The Argentine beat goalkeeper Peter Cech and Everton was on its way .
It was Donovan 's sixth assist in nine games for Everton , who have gone 4-2-3 over that stretch and are unbeaten in six . The Toffees climbed to 9-10-6 and 10th place in the English Premier League while Chelsea dropped into fifth thanks to Arsenal 's win .
Before the match , Donovan told Everton 's website how much a victory over Chelsea would mean as their second loan spell draws to a close .
“ Since the day I got here there has always been the belief this team can compete with any team in the Premier League , ” they said . “ When I was here last time ( in 2010 ) we beat Chelsea , Manchester United , Manchester City and should have drawn at Tottenham , so there is no fear in this club . ”
Donovan will head back to the L.A. Galaxy this time around having proved that their previous success at Everton was far from a fluke , in addition to the big wins over Chelsea and City ( Jan. 31 ) .
Their final appearance at Everton will be Feb. 11 against visiting Blackpool in an FA Cup round-of-16 game .
At Sunderland 's Stadium of Light , Henry entered in the 66th minute and according to their coach , Arsene Wenger , “ finished the story of the legend . ”
Sunderland took the lead in the 70th but Arsenal equalized five minutes later on a goal by reserve midfielder Aaron Ramsey . That set the stage for Henry 's heroics . In the first minute of stoppage time , the Frenchman snuck between two defenders and knocked home a well-hit cross from Andrei Arshavin .
It was the third goal of Henry 's loan ( two were game winners ) and their 229th all-time for Arsenal , where they starred in 1999-2007 .
“ It just shows you as well that these players never lose it . Exceptional talent survives , ” Wenger said .
Henry 's final game with Arsenal before they return to the New York Red Bulls will be Wednesday as the Londoners visit AC Milan in a UEFA Champions League round-of-16 match .
Donovan assist
Henry goal
Wednesday I was told to get out of the house so Sharon could take down all the Christmas decorations . By the time I got to L & D 14 , it was a driving snow storm . There were some eagles working , but the snow really messed with the focus and sharpness of the photos .
Thursday was the best day with a west wind which meant head on fishing !
Friday , the day started out at -9 degrees with 20 – 25MPH winds . Wind chill was -30 at least . It made the water really rough and the eagles struggled to lock onto fish . Since I already got lucky this year with several full frame fishing sequences , I am trying to focus in getting an in air fight series . Saw a few fights , but WAY out . Every time there was 2 or 3 birds close to each other I started tracking , just practicing my framing and back button focusing . Every once in a while my shutter finger would slip and click off a couple .
Here are some fruits of my labor from 1/1 , 1/2 , and 1/3 .
As always C & C is welcomed , and I 'll be headed back on Saturday the 11th for Larry 's Annual cookout .
Enjoy what you read and the photos ? Subscribe to be notified of future posts via email by either clicking the Follow button at the bottom or the Subscribe section on the right ! Or feel free to leave a comment .
Thanks for stopping by !
Kent
A growing number of voices on the left are calling for more Democratic presidential debates than currently scheduled , with the liberal group CREDO Action the latest to put pressure on the Democratic National Committee to expand the debate process .
There were 26 debates between Democratic candidates during the 2008 primary season , but the DNC has planned only six debates for the 2016 cycle . And the party warned candidates thinking about straying that they will be kicked out of the official debates if they participate in non-sanctioned ones .
The plan is an attempt to bring some order to a process that was widely viewed as excessive and too demanding of candidates ' time eight years ago . But the calendar – and especially the exclusivity clause – has drawn objections from liberal candidates and advocates , who want more chances to go head-to-head with frontrunner Hillary Clinton .
Related : Bernie Sanders pitches issues-focused debate changes
Debates can favor underdogs , who benefit from the exposure and chance to take on the dominant candidate directly . Meanwhile , the high-stakes and unpredictable format can be risky for frontrunners , who have more to lose than the others .
Democratic candidates Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Gov . Martin O'Malley have both expressed a desire for more debates . Sanders ' campaign has been asking supporters to sign a petition calling on the DNC to sanction more debates and start them earlier , while O'Malley 's spokesperson has said more debates would be good for the party .
On Monday , they 'll be joined by CREDO Action , the San Francisco-based online organizing group with 3.7 million members . The group 's latest campaign will target the DNC with a call for more debates .
“ Educating and energizing voters should be the primary goal of the Democratic Party , not restricting important conversations between candidates , ” CREDO will write to their members , according to a draft email shared with msnbc .
“ Voters decide who will be the nominee . Not the media , not the Democratic National Committee , and hopefully not whichever billionaire is writing the biggest SuperPAC checks . But those voters need to actually hear from the candidates , ” the group adds . And CREDO , which is not aligned with any candidate and did not join the effort to draft Sen. Elizabeth Warren into the race , is not alone .
The Progressive Change Campaign Committee has discussed the possibility of holding debates as early as August with Democratic campaigns , as first reported by U.S. News and World Report . And MoveOn.Org , which led the draft Warren campaign , has also called for more debates .
Neil Sroka , a spokesperson for Democracy for America , which grew out of Howard Dean 's campaign , said it is “ incredibly important that presidential candidates have early and frequent opportunities to illustrate their commitment ” to populist ideas . The group supported the draft Warren campaign and said “ a free and open debate process would make it a heck of a lot easier ” to inject Warren 's ideas into the process .
Last week , Sanders sent a letter to DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz asking not only for additional early debates , but for inter-party debates with Republicans during the primary season . “ The people of this country are tired of political gossip , personal attacks and ugly 30-second ads . They want the candidates to engage in serious discussion about the very serious issues facing our country today , ” they wrote .
But the DNC says six is enough . “ We 've already released our primary debate framework , and we believe that six debates will give plenty of opportunity for the candidates to be seen side-by-side , ” said DNC spokesperson Holly Shulman . “ We 'll have more details in the coming weeks , and we look forward to Senator Sanders and other candidates participating . ”
While growing , the call for more debates is far from universal and so far remains confined to the two candidates positioning themselves to the left of Clinton , and a handful of online organizing groups .
Related : Even GOP field amplifies debates ' importance
A spokesperson for former Sen. Jim Webb , who has a presidential exploratory committee , said the potential candidate is unconcerned about the issue . “ We have n't discussed debates internally or externally . Anything is possible as far as we 're concerned , ” spokesperson Craig Crawford told msnbc .
Before the debate process was announced , many observers wondered if Clinton would agree to participate in more than a few debates – if any at all . So many were surprised when the DNC was able to secure their participation in the entire six-debate sanctioned process . That may be more than the underdog candidates would have been able to get on their own without the party 's involvement .
Adding more debates could jeopardize Clinton 's participation . But it could also put them in the awkward position of having to choose between more debates with their long-shot rivals or looking presumptuous by snubbing them .
There is a loophole , of sorts . While the extra debates are forbidden , the DNC 's rules welcome additional candidate forums , where contenders speak back-to-back from the same stage , but do not engage directly with each other .
“ I 'm sure there will be plenty of other forums for the candidates to make their case to voters , and that they will make the most out of every opportunity , ” the DNC 's Schulman said . The party will happily facilitate those type of events , but is prepared to crack down on unofficial events .
But it 's unclear if the forums will satisfy critics .
“ In a campaign environment dominated by unlimited spending on 30-second television ads and media coverage that obsesses over the “ horse-race , ” the debates are one of the few opportunities to hear a conversation about serious issues between the candidates on a major stage , ” CREDO will tell their members .
“ All happy families are alike , ” wrote Tolstoy in Anna Karenina , and “ each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. ” When I first read this line as a teenager , I could n't understand what Tolstoy meant . How could there be many kinds of unhappiness , but only one kind of happiness ? Do n't happy families have their own unique set of circumstances and characteristics , just like everyone else ? In the novel they seemed to be saying that happiness is dull and uninteresting . It did n't really make sense .
But as the years have rolled on , I 've started to understand their point . Trying to create my own version of a happy family has made me think about what is absolutely required for harmonious relationships : respect , responsibility , commitment , compromise . Maybe this is what Tolstoy meant ? Not that happy families actually do everything the same way , but that they have certain habits of mind that let them laugh , understand , and be comfortable with each other ?
Stoicism throws a beautiful new light over the puzzle of family happiness . Of course there are secrets to a happy family–they are called the disciplines of desire , action , and assent . All the virtues that Stoicism develops in a person are also necessary for family harmony . And just as virtue can lead us to eudaimonia as individuals , a family might be called “ a happy family ” if its members have learned to be reflexively kind , wise , forgiving , and fair .
Granted , most happy families in the world do n't use Stoic terminology to describe their actions . They might not be able to clearly articulate how and why they get along so well , or they might use words from other cultural or religious traditions . But if you really examined their behavior , I 'm guessing you would find these same virtues at the root of their contentment .
So how do we cultivate harmonious family relationships ? This task is somewhat different from being a virtuous individual , because we clearly do not control our family members . We do not choose our relatives ( except our spouses or partners ) , and most of what they do is outside of our control . Unlike personal virtue , family harmony is a preferred indifferent , albeit an important and highly preferred indifferent . So as we work toward family happiness , we have to remember that we can only do so much . Like the Stoic archer , we can aim for a happy family , but we can not guarantee the outcome of our efforts .
What we can do is focus on our own contributions to family harmony . We can apply wisdom , fairness , generosity , and self-control to all our interactions with our loved ones . No matter what our family members do , or how they respond to our good intentions , we can still play our part well . Stoicism gives us all the mental tools we need to take a patient , rational , loving approach to our most important relationships .
With that in mind , here is a summary of ( in my opinion ) the most important Stoic advice on relationships . It revolves around three main points : amathia , emotional altruism , and your role in the family . If you genuinely put all these techniques into practice , you will be able to say that at least one member of your family ( yourself ) is truly happy with your efforts .
Amathia
Epictetus talks a lot about how no one tries to be wrong , but most people are simply ignorant of the right way to be happy . Everyone acts in the way that seems best to them or him . The problem is , most people think that their happiness lies in serving their own narrow self-interest . They might believe they are accomplishing their own best interest by pursuing external goods or shoring up their own egos . They do n't understand that true happiness only results from treating other people with fairness and kindness .
As Massimo Pigliucci points out in How to Be a Stoic , there is even a label for this type of un-wisdom : amathia . They define it as “ the opposite of wisdom , a kind of dis-knowledge of how to deal with other human beings ” ( p. 116 ) . And we do n't need to limit this word just to people committing horrible crimes ( Medea killing their children , for example ) . It also explains the petty cruelties that people inflict on each other in everyday relationships . Fighting , resentment , defending your own turf , intentionally misunderstanding , trying to control other people , choosing to take unnecessary offense . Even people who love each other often display this dis-knowledge of how to get along . It is all too human . In fact , this way of relating to others makes sense if you hold the mistaken belief that happiness lies in defending your own ego .
Because such people are incapacitated by their blindness , says Epictetus , we should pity them rather than resent or despise them . Especially when it comes to our most important relationships in life , we should try to understand rather than accuse . Which leads to the second important reminder…
Emotional Altruism
In their discussion on friendship , Epictetus tells us that a Stoic “ will be tolerant , gentle , forbearing , and kind with regard to one who is unlike him , as likewise to one who is ignorant and falls into error on the matters of the highest importance ” ( 2.22 , 36 ) . In discussing our relationships with others , they remind us again that we should n't be harsh with anyone , because people err against their will .
Marcus Aurelius , who also knew a thing or two about putting up with unpleasant people , goes further and says that we should treat others with genuine goodness , “ with affection , and a heart free from bitterness. ” ( 11 . 18 , 18 ) . This is very , very hard to do . But if you truly internalize the Stoic position on virtue , then it becomes easier to stop defending your own position in an argument and start supporting your family member .
We should also remember that backing down from an unnecessary argument , or showing benevolence in other ways , does not make us weak or wrong . It seems to me that some people mistakenly believe that emotional generosity is equivalent to weakness or vulnerability . In fact , the opposite is true : “ It is not anger that is manly , but gentleness and delicacy . It is because they are more human that they are more manly ; they possess more strength , more nerve , and more virility ” ( Meditation 11 . 18 , 21 ) . Strength ( which obviously applies equally to women and men , despite Marcus ' identification with manliness ) lies in wisdom and justice , while weakness lies in pettiness and selfishness .
Remember Your Role
We no longer live in the patriarchal society of ancient Rome ( thank goodness ! ) , so some Stoic advice on social roles does not apply to 21st century relationships . But some of it does . The underlying message is as relevant as ever : your mother or sister may mistreat you , but you should still remain a good brother or son to them . Other people , even your closest family members , can not truly injure you . Your brother could steal your inheritance or your father could forbid you from studying philosophy , but you must still behave appropriately toward them . It is better to be the person wronged than the one who is wronging others .
Of course , things can get complicated if you 're not sure exactly what your role is . Many of us live in societies that have upended traditional social roles , which is mostly a very good thing . However , it can be a bit confusing to figure out how much deference you owe to your parents , or exactly what to expect from your own kids . So if you are a Stoic living in a non-traditional society , you 'll have to think carefully about your role in the family .
We should always approach our relationships with good-heartedness . But the way we apply our understanding will be different depending on the specific relationship in question . So let 's take a look at some of our primary family relationships and think about what a Stoic approach might be . Obviously , these are just some general observations , which might not apply to every family and every situation . ( Contra Tolstoy , every family is different , even happy ones ! )
The lens I 'd like to use for this examination is one of Marcus ' maxims : “ People were made for one another . So either instruct them or put up with them ” ( 8.59 ) . If you are fortunate enough to know the source of eudaimonia–virtue–then you can try to teach others . Or you can use your wisdom to accept them the way they are . But when do you try to teach , and when do you just accept ?
The answer depends on many factors , from your position within the family to individual personalities and situations . But I would like to suggest that we can have a default answer to this question , which should guide our behavior most of the time . Here are some suggestions for how you might consider approaching three important family relationships .
Your parents ( and other elders ) : Put up with them . Has anyone ever been allowed to instruct their parents in life ? These days , we are no longer expected to “ obey ” our parents ( at least , not after we move out of their house ! ) . But even if our relationships today are more casual , we should still respect our parents ' position , and the love and care they have given us over time . Do you have to do what they ask all the time ? Of course not . But when you disagree , disagree with respect .
Musonius Rufus gives excellent advice on this topic . In their lecture on whether parents must be obeyed in all things , they say that the dutiful son “ obeys their parents when they willingly follow the good advice they give ; and when they do n't give good advice , I say that they are nevertheless obeying their parents when they do what they should ” ( Lecture 16 ) . Their rationale is that all parents want what is best for their children , even if perhaps they do not actually know what is best . “ Consequently , anyone who does what is appropriate and beneficial is doing what their parents want. ” Continuing with this reasoning , Musonius says it 's fine to refuse to do something inappropriate that your parents ask you to do ( or to do something appropriate that they forbid you from doing ) , because you are doing it out of goodness .
But like all forms of virtue , it 's about your motivation . You should make sure that you are acting virtuously , not out of selfishness or a desire to prove a point . And for all the unimportant things , try to put up with your parents ' quirks and flaws . ( Remember amathia and emotional altruism . ) Do n't you think you owe them that much ?
Your significant other ( and siblings ) : Instruct them and put up with them . Your life partner is your peer , so you are in a position to influence them or them for the better . If you show emotional generosity , your partner is much more likely to do the same . ( If your partner is violent , abusive , or otherwise unethical , then of course you should take more extreme action . ) But for all those run-of-the-mill strains on your relationship , it 's very helpful to take Marcus ' advice to heart . “ If they are wrong , instruct them to that effect with benevolence , and show them what they have overlooked . If you do not succeed , then be mad at yourself [ for not being persuasive enough ] ; or rather not even at yourself ” ( 10.4 ) .
In other words , try to bring your partner around to your way of seeing by explaining , persuading , and truly living out your beliefs . If that does n't work , do n't get angry . It 's not their fault that they have n't yet learned the right way to be happy . Stay patient and hold up your side of the relationship by being the best partner you can be . Remember that everything outside of virtue is indifferent . Those little things your partner does that drive you crazy are probably within the realm of indifferents .
However , do not use Stoicism as an excuse to stay in a toxic relationship . Remember that virtue requires courage , so if you need to end it , then be courageous about it . You can exit virtuously . You can practice wisdom and courage in any situation .
Your children : Instruct them . This one seems obvious . You have more influence over your kids than over anyone else in the world . What is less obvious is how to balance instruction with acceptance . Since you do not actually control your child , you can only do so much to mold their behavior . After you 've done what you can , you still have to accept their imperfections . ( And hope that , when they grow up , they accept yours ! )
Remember , the suggestions here are just basic guidelines and may not fit every family or situation . You have to use your wisdom to apply Stoic advice in real life . Just because your default mode of dealing with your parents is to put up with them , that does n't mean it will always be appropriate to accept what they do . There may be times when it 's better to try to instruct them . But if you decide to instruct them , you 'd better have a very good reason .
With all that in mind , maybe we can revise Tolstoy 's quote to fit a Stoic perspective on relationships : All happy family members know how to relate wisely to each other , but each happy family can still be happy in its own way . This version might be much less poetic than Tolstoy 's , but I think it 's a good characterization of what to aim for in our own families . So as you sit down with your loved ones over the holidays–or any other time of year-remember that we were made for one another . We owe it to our families to at least aim for happiness .
Brittany Polat practices Stoicism daily with their three young children and describes their experiences at apparentstoic.com . Them book on Stoic parenting , Tranquility Parenting : Timeless Truths for Becoming a Calm , Happy , and Engaged Parent , is scheduled to appear in 2018 .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
KENTWOOD , MI -- The closure of longtime anchor Sears will make room for a new fashion department store at Woodland Mall .
Parent company PREIT hinted at big plans for the Grand Rapids area mall on Wednesday , as the closure of 11 Kmart and Sears stores across Michigan were also announced .
The change is intended to `` enhance the shopper experience , drive traffic and create value , '' PREIT CEO Joseph F. Coradino said in a statement . They added that PREIT had reduced the number of Sears and Kmart stores in its portfolio from 27 to 11 since 2012 . The Sears store and Sears Auto Center at Woodland will shutter by the end of March .
10 Kmart stores , 1 Sears to close in Michigan Liquidation sales at 10 Kmart stores and one Sears in Michigan could start as early as Jan. 6 .
A map on PREIT 's website indicates the fashion retailer will be a nearly 90,000 square-foot Von Maur store . This would be the first West Michigan location for the Iowa-based upscale department chain .
In September , Van Maur 's youth-oriented Dry Goods opened in Woodland .
The map also suggest Sears ' 313,000 square-foot footprint will be replaced by a new wing that could add several `` proposed '' retailers . Those include a Dick 's Sporting Goods and Golf Galaxy , REI , Kona Grill , Shake Shack , Mission BBQ , Urban Outfitter , Timberland , Michael Kors , Lucky , Bose and Yard House .
Lyndsey Hicks , Woodland Mall 's marketing director , said they could n't yet talk about the mall 's plans .
`` While we ca n't confirm any specific details at this time , we are always working to enhance the shopping experience at Woodland Mall , '' Hicks said . `` We look forward to sharing exciting updates as soon as we are able to . ''
No plans for the mall expansion suggested by the PREIT map have been submitted to the city of Kentwood planning department , said city planner Lisa Golder .
The assault on US workers ' wages
19 August 2010
An article published in Wednesday 's Financial Times under the headline “ US Matches Indian Call Centre Costs ” gives some indication of the impact on American workers of a coordinated and escalating wage-cutting drive by big business , backed by the Obama administration .
The article begins : “ Call centre workers are becoming as cheap to hire in the US as they are in India , according to the head of the country 's largest business process outsourcing company . High unemployment levels have driven down wages for some low-skilled outsourcing services in some parts of the US , particularly among the Hispanic population . ”
According to the article , a number of Indian outsourcing firms are shifting operations to the US to take advantage of low labor costs , a reversal from the 1990s when many call centers and software firms shuttered American operations to exploit educated but low-paid workers in India .
“ We need to be very aware as people [ in the US ] are open to working at home and working at lower salaries than they were used to , ” commented Pramod Bhasin , CEO of Indian firm Genpact . The company , which already outsources work to Chicago , Pennsylvania , Tennessee and New York , intends to triple the size of its US workforce over the next year .
The Financial Times article is a stark indication that the corporate-government campaign to narrow the wage differential between American workers and super-exploited workers in Asia and other “ emerging economies ” is meeting with considerable success . The breakdown of American and world capitalism is being utilized by the ruling class to carry through a drastic and permanent reduction in American workers ' wages and living standards and raise the level of exploitation .
This is a calculated policy of class war . It is being ruthlessly pursued by taking advantage of the misery and desperation caused by mass unemployment and the spread of home foreclosures , utility shutoffs , hunger and homelessness .
The Obama White House gave the signal for corporations to use layoffs and the threat of plant closures to slash wages by forcing General Motors and Chrysler into bankruptcy last year and insisting that the wages of newly hired workers be cut in half as the precondition for a government bailout of the auto companies .
Now , new workers at the auto companies are making the near-poverty wage of $ 14 an hour . And this is just the beginning , as the auto companies prepare to demand even deeper cuts in wages and benefits and the lifting of all restrictions on speedup . Similar demands are being made in every sector of the US economy .
The lowering of labor costs in the US toward the levels that exist in Asia is at the heart of the Obama administration 's so-called “ jobs ” program . Having ruled out any government job-creation programs and abandoned even its own paltry stimulus proposals , and having refused to provide aid to bankrupt state and local governments , the White House and congressional Democrats are touting a pledge to double US exports in five years as their plan to reduce the highest levels of unemployment since the Great Depression .
At the heart of this strategy is slashing the cost of American labor and on this basis reviving US manufacturing as a cheap-labor platform for exports to global markets . The shifting of operations from India to the US is undoubtedly being celebrated both in Washington and on Wall Street as evidence of the initial success of this ruthless policy .
Wage and benefit-cutting has hit every part of the US working class : factory workers , teachers , government employees , and service workers ; whites , blacks , Hispanics ; US-born and immigrants ; women and men ; teenagers and workers with decades of experience . Last week the Commerce Department reported that private sector wages fell 6 percent in 2009 .
It is on this basis that corporations are again reporting fat profits and CEOs are continuing to reward themselves with seven and eight-digit compensation packages .
The success the corporate elite has so far enjoyed in implementing this policy is above all due to the collaboration of the AFL-CIO and the Change to Win union federations . Every union , whether it claims to represent teachers , autoworkers , mine workers or government employees , seeks to impose employers ' demands for wage cuts in the name of “ saving jobs . ”
This assault on wages , and the complicity of the trade unions , is not simply an American , but rather an international phenomenon . The Financial Times article noted that the Indian-based IT outsourcing company Wipro Technologies has “ started to recruit workers in Europe , the Middle East and Africa during the global economic downturn . ”
Anger is mounting among US workers , who are beginning to identify the capitalist system itself as the source of their oppression and are increasingly recognizing that their so-called “ unions ” are instruments of the bosses .
On Sunday , autoworkers employed at a GM stamping plant in Indianapolis shouted down and chased out UAW officials who demanded that they take a 50 percent pay cut as part of a deal to sell the factory . This follows Ford workers ' rejection of a concessions contract late last year that culminated in Bob King , the newly installed UAW president , being shouted down at a meeting of Rouge workers in Dearborn , Michigan .
Another struggle against wage-cutting , a strike of 305 workers at a food processing plant in upstate New York , is about to enter its fourth month . Workers at Mott 's , a subsidiary of the conglomerate Dr Pepper Snapple , voted to strike when the firm demanded they accept pay cuts of $ 3,000 per year , a freeze on pensions , the ending of pensions for new-hires , and increased out-of-pocket health insurance fees .
A New York Times article on the strike published Tuesday provided insight into the attitude of the US corporate elite—and its political servants in both big business parties—toward American workers . The article quoted a worker who described statements by the plant manager during negotiations : “ He said we 're a commodity like soybeans and oil , and the price of commodities go up and down… They said there are thousands of people in this area out of jobs , and they could hire any one of them for $ 14 an hour . ”
What the manager failed to take into account is the difference between soybeans and workers . Workers can fight , and they will !
American workers , having been betrayed and their struggles sabotaged by the unions for the past three decades , are about to enter into colossal class battles . It is critical the lessons of past defeats be learned and the coming struggles be guided by a new industrial and political strategy .
The first prerequisite is that the workers break from the official unions . Independent factory committees , genuinely popular and democratic organs of the rank-and-file , should be formed to plan occupations and strikes . These struggles must rally behind them the broadest possible support under the working class principle—long abandoned by the unions—that an injury to one is an injury to all .
The movement of low-wage Indian outsourcing firms to the US teaches another lesson . The capitalists ' scouring of the globe for ever-cheaper wages requires a global response by the working class . The recent surge in strike activity in China , Europe , Bangladesh , India and the US must become the starting point for a global working class counteroffensive against wage-cutting and layoffs .
This is a political struggle against the entire ruling class , the Obama administration and both parties of big business . A mass socialist movement must be built to fight for workers ' power and the reorganization of economic life to promote social equality and meet social needs , not corporate profits .
Tom Eley and Barry Grey
Tom Eley and Barry Grey
Mauricio Pochettino 's Tottenham reign gets under way this weekend with a tricky trip to West Ham -- a side who beat Spurs three times last season .
It 's that time of year again ; the start of the new Premier League season . Somehow , though , the heart does n't beat quite so quickly this year as it has done in recent years . The memories of last season still linger ; 69 points and a sixth-place finish might have been respectable , but the standard and style of football and the lack of commitment in some players was not . For many longtime Spurs fans , 2013-14 brought back memories of the dog days of the late '90s .
- Premier League preview : Tottenham
- Premier League preview : West Ham
Nor is a trip to West Ham the sort of start many would have picked . Normally a team Tottenham expects to beat , West Ham did the treble over the Spurs last season . The first defeat -- a 3-0 thrashing at White Hart Lane -- marked the beginning of the end for Andre Villas-Boas ; the second knocked Spurs out of the Capital One Cup ; the third , an abject 2-0 defeat at Upton Park characterised by Emmanuel Adebayor and Paulinho both competing to get out of the way of a free kick . A repeat of any of these three games would be hard to take first up .
Yet there could be no better way of putting clear blue water between this season and last , a sign that this Spurs team actually means business and a chance for Mauricio Pochettino to show they have stamped their mark on the team . So far the signs are encouraging . The preseason friendlies have gone about as well as they could have done and club insiders say Pochettino has been pushing the players far harder in training than they were under Harry Redknapp , AVB or Tim Sherwood . Two , sometimes three , sessions a day have been the norm .
Pochettino 's message has been clear -- they are n't content to ease themselves gently into the new season . In many previous years , Tottenham seemed to have spent the first four or five games getting themselves match-fit , but this time around the Argentine manager expects every player to be ready from the moment the whistle blows at 3pm on Saturday .
The big unknown is confidence . There was a lack of belief -- both in themselves and each other -- in the Spurs team last season that will take time to restore . No matter how much the new manager tells them that things are different now , any new confidence will necessarily be fragile . True confidence only comes with time .
Herein lies Pochettino 's first test . How resilient is their team ? How will the players react if they go a goal down after 10 minutes ? Will they become more tentative , with thoughts returning to last season ? Or will they have the mental strength to come back ? Pochettino does n't know the answer . Nor do their players . Preseason counts for nothing once the competitive matches start . The tackles come in harder , the crowd gets edgier and the TV cameras are unforgiving .
All that Pochettino can do is put out their best side and hope the team play to their instructions . The question here is whether they know their best side . Few fans do , and with another two weeks till the transfer deadline , any team they put out could be work in progress . Some players pick themselves . Hugo Lloris , Jan Vertonghen , Ben Davies and Christian Eriksen all have to play if they are fit . Other than that , it 's anyone 's guess . Kyle Naughton is likely to start at right-back in the absence of the injured Kyle Walker . But should Younes Kaboul or Vlad Chiriches partner Vertonghen in the centre of defence ?
PREMIER LEAGUE PREVIEWS As we count down to kickoff on Aug. 16 , ESPN FC previews all 20 teams in this season 's competition . Can Burnley , QPR and Leicester stay up ? Will the new signings of Alexis Sanchez , Diego Costa and Adam Lallana help usurp Man City 's crown ? Will Manchester United get back on track under Louis van Gaal ?
Elsewhere , positions are equally up for grabs . Who plays in the centre of midfield ? Paulinho and Sandro would be a natural pairing , but the former has been desperately out of form , and the latter does n't appear to be one of Pochettino 's favourites . So maybe Lewis Holtby or Mousa Dembele instead ? Erik Lamela looks certain to start on one wing , but who plays on the other ? Aaron Lennon or Andros Townsend ? My pick would be Townsend . Lennon has had more than enough chances and has failed to move up a grade . Then there 's the striker . Adebayor or Roberto Soldado ?
These are not easy choices , and Pochettino will inevitably be defined by the ones they make . What they really needs is time , but the Premier League does n't allow that . One bad defeat and a manager 's judgment is invariably scrutinised . A victory against West Ham on Saturday would mean everything to the manager and players ; proof that all the hard work they 've put in during the summer has n't been wasted . But a draw would also give the team something to build on , and Pochettino 's first objective will to be avoided defeat .
The reality , of course , is that this is just the first in a 38-match campaign . Teams who last the distance will finish in the top four . Much as Spurs would like a win and take a draw , what most fans will want to see is a change of style . It was n't losing to West Ham three times last season that irked many , it was the rudderless manner of the defeats . If Tottenham loses on Saturday , they should at least do so with some adventure .
• Government left 'paper trail ' in build-up to war • More facts still to come to light , says former envoy
A former diplomat at the centre of events in the run-up to the Iraq war revealed yesterday that the government has a `` paper trail '' that could reveal new information about the legality of the invasion .
Carne Ross , who was a first secretary at the United Nations in New York for the Foreign Office until 2004 , told MPs : `` A lot of facts about the run-up to this war have yet to come to light which should come to light and which the public deserves to know . '' There were also assessments by the joint intelligence committee which had not been disclosed , Ross told the Commons public administration select committee .
They told the inquiry that the intelligence made it `` very clear '' that Saddam Hussein did not pose a significant threat to the UK , as it was being claimed at the time by ministers , and that tougher enforcement of sanctions could have brought their regime down .
They said they tried to inform ministers about their misgivings over the developing momentum towards war , taking them aside during their visits to New York or having brief conversations in their car to the airport .
But they said they were aware that speaking out too often or too openly - even in internal debates - about their concerns about the government 's policy direction would damage their career by winning them a reputation as a `` naive troublemaker '' .
Ross 's evidence , by video link from New York , came days after Jack Straw , who was foreign secretary at the time , used the first ministerial veto under the freedom of information act to ban the release of cabinet minutes on the decision to go to war .
`` I feel very strongly that there has still not been proper accountability and scrutiny into what happened in Iraq , '' Ross said .
`` There should be a full public inquiry or parliamentary inquiry into the decision-making that took place . Hutton and Butler are by no means sufficient to that purpose and it is disgraceful that the government pretends that they are ... if we had those systems of accountability and scrutiny then leaking and other more aberration behaviour from civil servants would be less necessary . ''
They were one of four `` whistleblowers '' who yesterday gave evidence to the committee .
They also included Katharine Gun , a former GCHQ translator who revealed the organisation was tapping phones of countries that were against the Iraq war ; Brian Jones , the most senior expert on chemical weapons at the Defence Intelligence Staff ; and Derek Pasquill , a former Foreign Office official who leaked documents about rendition and Muslim groups who were hostile to the UK receiving government money .
Jones and Ross never leaked any information to the press . Jones instead complained to their superior that they thought the intelligence dossier on weapons of mass destruction was being exaggerated but was told that there was `` one secret piece of information which could not be shared with [ him ] '' because it was too sensitive .
They told MPs that when the WMD dossier was published and they saw the difference between the foreword by the prime minister and the contents they `` thought the intelligence services were going to be crucified '' .
But they instead they found that most MPs , with a few exceptions , supported the government . `` I feel that you gentlemen [ the MPs ] have been either deliberately or accidentally misled and these incidents have not been followed up . I think that there has been a great laxity and that wo n't encourage people like me or my colleagues to come to you , '' they said .
Tony Wright , the chairperson of the committee , agreed with the allegation . `` I think you are absolutely right to castigate parliament , which I think has behaved abysmally in this matter - endless bleating about the need for an inquiry but a complete failure to insist upon one , '' they said .
Gordon Brown has promised to look at an inquiry after all the troops come home from Iraq .
Vancouver police had to ramp up their presence on the Downtown Eastside this week , amid ongoing anti-gentrification protests and an anti-capitalist May Day march .
A strongly-worded editorial on a local blog called The Gastown Gazette detailed the May 1 event and warned the public that soon `` there will be blood '' in the neighbourhood .
The editorial showed photos of a masked mob carrying lit gas torches outside the Pidgin restaurant , on the boundary between Gastown and the Downtown Eastside .
The high-end restaurant has been a target of anti-gentrification protesters since it opened opposite notorious drug-dealing hotspot Pigeon Park .
Const . Brian Montague said the May Day incident was part of an International Workers ' Day protest .
`` There was a group within the march and the protest that wore masks and covered their faces and carried torches , '' said . Montague .
`` We did have to increase some of the police presence there as we were concerned that things may escalate . We did n't have to do anything . The march eventually moved on and then up into Thornton Park . ''
Protester facing mischief charge
Police are also asking for the public 's assistance in locating a Vancouver woman wanted for an alleged incident related to the ongoing anti-gentrification protests at Pidgin restaurant .
Robyn Claire Pickell , 25 , is wanted for mischief after police saw a woman trying to chain and lock the restaurant 's front doors while staff worked inside during the early morning of March 15 .
The editorial in the Gastown Gazette urged Vancouver 's mayor to take action to quell the anti-gentrification protests , which have been condemning high-end local restaurants as contributing to the gentrification of the local area .
Protesters say the restaurants are too expensive for residents of the low-income neighbourhood to enjoy . Many would prefer to see the location used for housing .
Mayor condemns 'counterproductive ' demonstration
On Friday , Mayor Gregor Robertson released a statement , saying violent demonstrations were counterproductive .
`` Aggressively targeting a restaurant is unacceptable , and a significant distraction from urgent issues such as homelessness , affordable housing and chronic poverty receiving full attention in the ongoing provincial election campaign , '' Robertson said .
`` I also hope that input on these issues will continue to be directed through the Downtown Eastside Local Area Planning Process , which the community pushed hard for and is actively engaged in . ''
Robertson also said they were pleased the Crown had approved charges against Pickell , the protestor who is alleged to have tried to chain and lock Pidgin 's front doors .
CodeFlower Source code visualization
This experiment visualizes source repositories using an interactive tree . Each disc represents a file , with a radius proportional to the number of lines of code ( loc ) . All rendering is done client-side , in JavaScript . Try hovering on nodes to see the loc number , clicking on directory nodes to fold them , dragging nodes to rearrange the layout , and changing project to see different tree structures . Built with d3.js . Inspired by Code Swarm and Gource .
Example projects from GitHub : fzaninotto / uptime fzaninotto / faker jquery / jquery fabpot / twig ornicar / lila propelorm / Propel2 doctrine / doctrine2 WordPress / WordPress rails / rails symfony / symfony ( WARNING : will make your computer scream ) zendframework / zf2 ( WARNING : will make your computer scream
Purpose
Did you ever dive into an existing project and wish you could have a bird 's eye view of the whole code ?
Did you ever have to refactor a large application and wish you knew where to start ?
Did you ever look for a visualization that would help you communicate visually with your teammates about a repository ?
CodeFlowers tries to answer these needs . Also , it tries to make code look beautiful , but that 's another story .
Usage
To create a CodeFlower , include the CodeFlower.js file together with d3.js , just like in this page . Create a new CodeFlower instance using a CSS selector ( of the div where the flower should be inserted ) , and the width and height of the desired visualization . Then , bind JSON data to the flower using CodeFlower.update ( ) , and you 're done .
var myFlower = new CodeFlower ( `` # visualization '' , 300 , 200 ) ; myflower.update ( jsonData ) ;
Input data format
The jsonData format taken as input to update ( ) is extremely simple . It 's a JavaScript object representing a file tree structure . Each node must have a name ( the file or directory name ) , leaf nodes must have a size ( the number of lines of code or the file ) , and directory nodes must have a children property containing an array of nodes . As an example , here is the input for the currently displayed CodeFlower . You can modify it at will and click the update button to see the effect of your changes on the CodeFlower .
Update
Generating JSON for a project
It 's easy to generate loc metrics for any project , whatever the language . You can use wc , but this method requires cleaning the output and counts comments and blanks together with actual lines of code . Alternatively , you can use cloc ( http : //cloc.sourceforge.net/ ) , which is open-source and makes the difference between real source code and comments . Here are three examples using GitHub as a source .
# Using curl and cloc ( fast , accurate ) $ curl https : //nodeload.github.com/symfony/symfony/tar.gz/master | tar xvz $ cloc symfony-master -- csv -- by-file -- report-file=symfony.cloc # Using git clone and cloc ( slow , accurate ) $ git clone git : //github.com/symfony/symfony.git $ cloc symfony -- csv -- by-file -- report-file=symfony.cloc # Using git clone and wc ( slow , inaccurate ) $ git clone git : //github.com/symfony/symfony.git $ cd symfony $ git ls-files | xargs wc -l > symfony.wc
Once you have a loc metrics file , paste its content below and click on the convert button . This will update the CodeFlower and the JSON textarea , to let you save data for your own CodeFlowers .
Origin : cloc Origin : wc Convert
Sharing your CodeFlowers
The best way to share your CodeFlowers is to use GitHub Pages , just like this very page . So just fork the fzaninotto/CodeFlower repository , add your own JSON data under the data directory , update the options of the dropdown list in the index.html file accordingly , commit the code , and push to the gh-pages branch . GitHub will publish the result for you .
Licence
All this work is open-source , published by François Zaninotto under the MIT license . That means that nothing prevents you from growing as many CodeFlowers as you want !
Updated with quotes by Aleix Espargaro about the yellow flag incident involving Marc Marquez .
Repsol Honda 's Marc Marquez has dismissed claims that they were riding recklessly following a frightening incident during FP3 at Aragon on Saturday .
The drama unfolded when Nicky Hayden went down at Turn 14 on the Marc VDS Honda , with Pol Espargaro ( Monster Tech 3 Yamaha ) and Marquez , who had been lining up a pass on the brakes on Espargaro , coming off at the same corner seconds later .
As American rider Hayden 's machine was being recovered by the trackside marshals , Marquez 's wayward Honda slid past , while Espargaro 's Yamaha collided with Hayden 's Marc VDS Honda at slow speed .
Pol 's brother Aleix claimed Marquez had created a dangerous situation under waved yellow flags . The Suzuki rider , who said they lost time when they braked early due to yellow flags in the afternoon qualifying , declared :
`` When there is a yellow flag you need to brake a little bit early , because it means that the marshals [ are there ] or somebody is on the floor .
`` [ Marquez ] crashed , so for sure they braked too late and - apart from the bike almost hitting the marshals and Nicky - they hit my brother .
`` This can happen [ under normal circumstances ] . No problem . But the thing is that when there is a yellow flag you can not crash , because there can be persons working in the track and if the bike hits them it can kill them very , very easily .
`` And it 's not the first time [ with Marquez ] . It was the same problem at Silverstone two years ago and we were very lucky . Second time , we were very lucky . I hope it 's not going to be a third time because you just need to brake one metre earlier . ''
However MotoGP world championship leader Marquez denied that they had ignored the flags .
`` This morning I had a big crash and I have some pain in the shoulder but [ it is ] okay for riding the bike . The crash was some confusion with the yellow flag because it was too late , the yellow flag , and then when I realised there was a yellow flag I tried to brake and I lost the front and I crashed . Nicky and the staff of the circuit were lucky in the end because they could run a little bit and be safe , '' they said .
`` In Silverstone 2013 it was completely my mistake but since that time I always slow down when I see a yellow flag , even when I am on the fastest lap because it is something that I realise is dangerous . Most of the time I do the same mistake one time , not more . This time I speak with Mike Webb and Race Direction and the problem was that in the previous corner , where normally must be the yellow flag , it was not there , '' Marquez added .
`` First of all , I say I did n't see and they checked all the cameras and it was not there . Then when I arrived on that brake point I was starting to overtake Pol [ Espargaro ] because I did n't see any yellow flag . And then when I realised there was a yellow flag , I tried to brake more to be more safe but the problem is I lost the front - it was unlucky . ''
Yoel Romero might be about to get very upset .
Last fall , Romero cemented themselves as the presumptive No . 1 contender in the middleweight division by knocking out former champion Chris Weidman with a jumping knee at UFC 205 . Before the bout , UFC middleweight champion Michael Bisping was explicit in saying they would n't fight Romero even with a win due to Romero 's previous issues with USADA . Then after Romero stopped Weidman and jumped on the microphone to call out Bisping , the champion changed their tune , saying they absolutely would take on Romero and was hoping for a spring title defense .
Now things may have changed again . Speaking with Champion.co recently , Bisping said they wo n't be returning to action until late spring and due to a nagging injury and some necessary surgery .
“ First and foremost , I am still UFC middleweight champion of the world , ” Bisping said . “ I have to defend that belt , simple as that . Dana actually- Dana White , UFC president- actually contacted me and spoke about a fight recently but I 've been having a lot of issues with my knee so I 've got to have a knee surgery . Maybe around end of April , May something like that , I 'll take a fight . ”
Previously there had been some discussion of Bisping facing Romero at the upcoming UFC 208 , and though that date obviously fell through , the general assumption was that Romero was still next on deck for the champion . After all , Romero is a former Olympic silver medalist wrestler that 's currently on an eight-fight win streak in the UFC 's middleweight division with three victories over top contenders . But Bisping says that may not be the case . After having their potential fight with Romero delayed , now Bisping says they want this biggest money fight they can get , and if that 's Romero , great . But if it 's not , they want whoever is going to bring them the biggest box office numbers .
“ I want the biggest fight I can get . I do n't mind facing No . 1 contenders but at this stage of my career I 've fought the best guys forever . I want the biggest fight it can possibly be . By biggest , I mean the biggest money generating fight I can possibly have . I feel I deserve that . I 've earned that . So whether that 's Yoel Romero , then great . But if it ai n't Yoel Romero , if it 's Anderson Silva , great . I know he 's piped up again lately . If it 's GSP [ Georges St-Pierre ] - I do n't care who the opponent is . I 'm not bothered by any opponent . I am the champion of the world and I will take on all comers , but I want the biggest fight possible . ”
Bisping has been fighting in the UFC since 2006 and is currently tied with Tito Ortiz and Frank Mir for most fights in UFC history with 27 . Their record though is substantially better , winning 20 of those fights compared to 15 and 16 respectively . Since the UFC began using its own rankings , Bisping has fought nine times with eight of those bouts against ranked opponents .
But despite their consistently high level of opposition , Bisping has drawn the ire of many in the middleweight division for chasing after money fights . Their most recent fight was a rematch with the 13th-ranked Dan Henderson at UFC 204 which ruffled the feathers of many middleweight contenders who were ranked much more highly than Henderson .
The specific confluence of events that led to that fight - Henderson 's retirement , their status as a legend , the iconic knockout Bisping suffered in their first encounter , the lack of a clear-cut contender among a group of deserving opponents - ended up making the fight more palatable to the other middleweights vying for a title shot but most expected the division to be returned to a meritocracy afterwards . But in the age of the “ money fight , ” nothing is certain .
It will be interesting to see how the rest of the division reacts , especially Romero who has made it clear they will wait for a title shot .
MUST-READ STORIES
Ratings . Tito Ortiz vs. Chael Sonnen drew the third highest ratings in Bellator history .
Fixed . Dan Hardy clarified their “ choreographed ” fight comments about Bellator 170 .
Burn . Julianna Peña is n't impressed by Shevchenko 's win over “ Buster Douglas of MMA ” Holly Holm .
Granny . Bethe Correia promises to send “ granny ” Marion Reneau to the nursing home .
MEDIA STEW
Brian Ortega saying he 'll fight Yair one day .
Daley and Ortiz backstage .
Ronda on TMZ .
Thug Diaries .
Not exactly MMA but some video of Idris Elba learning how to kickbox .
LISTEN UP
Fight Society .
MMA Evolution .
TWEETS
Ronda appears to be taking this loss better .
Cody 's coaches .
Team No Love ! @ cody_nolove @ fabiopradobjj @ lastcall155 @ stingray_139 A photo posted by Urijah Faber ( @ urijahfaber ) on Jan 24 , 2017 at 10:03am PST
And Ludwig going after Faber .
I 'd like to officially welcome back @ urijahfaber to the Peanut Butter Gang ! # IveBeenExpectingYou # ProdigalSonReturns # HavingFun A photo posted by Duane Ludwig ( @ duanebangcom ) on Jan 24 , 2017 at 10:10pm PST
Lauren Murphy coming for Derrick Lewis and Teruto Ishihara 's social media crowns .
Coach : When u weigh in , try to look tough AF . Intimidating
Bethe : I 'll pull my pants halfway down & give a thumbs up
C : No , do n't thats stup- pic.twitter.com/SL6oVxx0fw — Lauren Murphy ( @ LaurenMurphyMMA ) January 24 , 2017
And some beef while we 're at it .
Shut your big mouth up . We contacted Sean , so hang tight clown face . I ca n't wait to give you a fresh scars https : //t.co/s7cFULp3xO — Jessica Eye ( @ jessicaevileye ) January 24 , 2017
Right . One of us has seven TKO finishes on their record , & one of us took Jennifer Scott & Angela Magana to decisions you ai n't doing shit https : //t.co/1iDd1Msptr — Lauren Murphy ( @ LaurenMurphyMMA ) January 24 , 2017
Big John do n't play .
Because Chael was never in danger & Tito paid a price for holding on to long when I stuck my thumb into their Larynx . Trust me it hurt # AskBJM https : //t.co/huNA8V8vxg — Big John McCarthy ( @ JohnMcCarthyMMA ) January 25 , 2017
Woodley-Northcutt is making a run at Arlovski-Dodson for best buddy pairing in MMA .
Our guys @ TWooodley and @ sagenorthcutt are freezing in Milwaukee , but as T-Wood says , it keeps ya humble ! ❄️ pic.twitter.com/pIeXSCzVcR — FOX Sports : PROcast ( @ PROcast ) January 24 , 2017
King Mo 's has been going in on Instagram .
Throwback Tuesday ! ! ! My boy found a pic from Quinton 's audition for Big Momma 's House . There is a picture of when they auditioned to play Rasputia in Norbit . My boy @ iamwomack dug this one up . A photo posted by Muhammed `` King Mo '' Lawal ( @ kingmofh ) on Jan 24 , 2017 at 4:13pm PST
Pix from Quinton 's audition as Rasputia for Norbit . # howyoudoin A photo posted by Muhammed `` King Mo '' Lawal ( @ kingmofh ) on Jan 24 , 2017 at 6:57pm PST
Throwback Tuesday ! ! ! Quinton 's first movie role in The Disorderlies ! ! ! A photo posted by Muhammed `` King Mo '' Lawal ( @ kingmofh ) on Jan 24 , 2017 at 1:20pm PST
Throwback Tuesday ! ! ! A photo posted by Muhammed `` King Mo '' Lawal ( @ kingmofh ) on Jan 24 , 2017 at 12:32pm PST
Do n't call it a comeback .
The comeback tour has begun . https : //t.co/D9UHGIYgE6 — Michael Chiesa ( @ MikeMav22 ) January 25 , 2017
Mike Perry doing Mike Perry things .
I would pay to watch Thomson and Nurmy 's gym rolls .
Great training today with great guys . После вольной борьбы . Как говорится , борьбы много не бывает . 39 days before fight . # ufc209 A photo posted by Khabib Nurmagomedov ( @ khabib_nurmagomedov ) on Jan 24 , 2017 at 5:46pm PST
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Rony Jason ( 14-6 , 1 NC ) vs. Jeremy Kennedy ( 9-0 ) ; UFC Fight Night : Fortaleza , March 11 .
Makwan Amirkhani ( 13-2 ) vs. Arnold Allen ( 11-1 ) ; UFC Fight Night : London , March 18 .
TODAY IN MMA HISTORY
2007 : Rashad Evans puts one on the highlight reel , knocking out Sean Salmon with a head kick at UFC Fight Night 8 . This event also featured the debut of Pride veteran Heath Herring who lost to Jake O'Brien via unanimous decision .
2009 : Jamie Varner defeated Donald Cerrone by technical split decision to retain the WEC lightweight championship . The result was odd in that Cerrone landed an illegal knee in the fifth round causing the bout to be stopped and sending it to the cards where two judges scored the fight 49-46 for Varner and the other judge scored the bout 48-47 for Cerrone .
2014 : Ben Henderson defeated Josh Thomson via split decision at UFC on Fox 10 . This event also saw the beginning of Nikita Krylov 's winning ways in the UFC when they head kicked Walt Harris .
FINAL THOUGHTS
So it was brought to my attention yesterday that I 've been had , posting tweets from a parody account of Tyron Woodley that 's been getting retweeted by other people in the MMA Twitter bubble . It 's a good replica . Dude 's handle is the same but for the “ L ” in Woodley being a capital I instead . Shame because I thought it was Woodley making fun of the people telling them not to bring up race and thought it was hilarious . Now it 's much less fun .
Anyway , just thought it should be noted that that 's a thing and I 'm wise to it now . You have my sincere apologies for presenting them to you , and I 'll be much more vigilant going forward .
Take it easy y'all . Until tomorrow .
If you find something you 'd like to see in the Morning Report , just hit me up on Twitter @ JedKMeshew and let me know about it . Also follow MMAFighting on Instagram and add us on Snapchat at MMA-Fighting because we post dope things and you should enjoy them .
The next new music we hear from Death Grips may come via an in-development feature film written and directed by drummer Zach Hill . In an announcement shared via Pitchfork , the noise-rap posse explained that “ The movie is of their own creation , fictionally based and not related to the group. ” Yet , “ The film will be soundtracked with all new Death Grips music. ” This could be the group 's first fresh work since the indomitable NO LOVE DEEP WEB .
SPIN 's Best Artists of 2012 are currently touring Europe , but Hill is staying behind to work on their movie , and also the next album from the gang , fronted of course by Stefan “ Ride ” Burnett and assisted by noisenik Andy “ Flatlander ” Morin . That does n't necessarily mean fans wo n't see Hill at shows , however . At a recent SXSW performance , the drummer 's apeshit performance was beamed in via Skype . They do like to keep things mysterious .
The last we heard from the DGz was early April , when they somehow managed to make Prodigy 's “ Firestarter ” more frenetic , frenzied , terrifying , and terrific than it was all the way back in 1996 .
Massachusette Transit Police
Never assume that , even in the moment of death , everyone has sympathy .
Here , for example , is a case that shows some of humanity 's baser thought processes .
A woman was killed on Thursday night by a Boston Red Line train at Downtown Crossing Station . Subsequently , police looked at the CCTV video from the station to see what might have happened .
What they saw -- and released to the public -- was a man appearing to show shock at what had happened . However , lying by their feet was a phone in an orange case . It had allegedly flown out of the woman 's purse .
At first , the footage shows the man placing their right foot on the phone . Then , they look around to see if anyone is paying attention to him . Seemingly satisfied that they are n't , they pick up the phone and walks away with it .
As WCVB-TV reports , members of the public were stunned when shown the footage . Acting transit police chief Kenneth Green had no doubt that this was a theft . They told CBS Boston : `` Reprehensible . There may be pictures on there that might be something that the family may need . ''
This morning , the Transit Police announced that a 26-year-old man from Brockton , Mass. , had turned themselves in and will be arraigned on Monday .
The phone was , the police say , still in their possession .
Michigan Central Station ( Photo : Detroit News file photo )
Detroit — A proposed deal between the city and the controversial owners of the Ambassador Bridge was unveiled Wednesday that would overhaul and expand a waterfront park in the southwest area of the city . But the way the bridge owners have taken care of some of their Detroit property has already made some politicians express criticism of the deal .
The bridge owners will pay for up to $ 5 million in upgrades and agree to install 1,050 windows at its Michigan Central Station , a property owned by the family behind the Ambassador Bridge . In exchange Mayor Mike Duggan vowed to support the bridge owners ' effort to build a second span , a proposal that faces stiff opposition in Michigan and Canada . The city would also transfer three acres of the park to the bridge company to make room for the second span .
The deal was announced at Riverside Park by Duggan , the bridge owners and more than a dozen community supporters and two Detroit City Council members . The park is located in the shadow of the Ambassador Bridge . It runs along West Jefferson near West Grand Boulevard .
`` This is a huge commitment of trust , '' said Duggan Wednesday . They characterized the deal as part of a new relationship with the Moroun family , who control the Detroit International Bridge Co. , which owns the Ambassador Bridge .
`` You know how badly my family wants to build that bridge , right ? '' said Matthew Moroun , president of the Detroit International Bridge Co. Moroun said a second span could n't be built without upgrading Riverside Park and installing the windows at the Michigan Central Station .
As part of the deal , the bridge company will transfer 4.8 acres of riverfront property to the city and pay $ 5 million to upgrade Riverside Park .
But already two political representatives of the southwest Detroit community where the park is located were skeptical of the proposal . Further , since the deal needs City Council approval , the track record of the Detroit property could be become part of the public debate .
`` I am deeply concerned about the lack of community engagement in deciding the future of Riverside Park , '' said state Rep. Stephanie Chang , a Democrat . `` From my conversation with the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality , there is still quite a bit of work to be done to clean up and assess the soil before people can safely use the land .
`` I am also concerned about the potential long-term implications of this land sale to the Moroun family . ''
Detroit Councilwoman Raquel Castaneda-Lopez said the City Council needs to look at the track record of the Moroun family . `` We always look at whether an entity — a private landowner or business — has outstanding violations and issues with the city and we should do that with this deal , '' they said . They pointed out that there are current issues whether the bridge company has illegally closed part of West Jefferson near the bridge . They also pointed to current debate whether the Morouns had the right to take control of a part of 23rd near the bridge .
The Michigan Central Station also has been a point of contention between the city and the Morouns .
The historic train depot has long been one of the city 's most infamous ruins , becoming a symbol of Detroit 's downfall . It opened in 1914 stopped operating as a station in January 1988 . The station was acquired by Moroun in 1996 .
The bridge company said in 2008 that it would begin to renovate the massive 13-story building . In 2011 , the company began making exterior repairs to the depot , including replacing the roof , cleaning up the interior and removing broken windows and asbestos . In February , a St. Clair company issued a press release saying it has reached an agreement with the depot owners to replace all the windows in the towering old train station .
Over the past decade the park , the depot , the bridge and the city have been engaged in a series of skirmishes over the properties in southwest Detroit .
At one point , the bridge company fenced in a portion of the 20-acre park on grounds of `` national security . ''
After numerous legal battles , the bridge company was ordered to remove the fence in 2012 . It was also in 2012 that industrial contamination was discovered at the park , which caused it to be closed by the city until the contaminated soil could be removed .
Moroun needs the park property to start construction pending federal approval , which has been denied .
Read or Share this story : http : //detne.ws/1GEQ6IF
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
Germans have been advised to walk `` like penguins '' to avoid slipping on icy pavements as temperatures in the country plummet .
The German Society of Orthopaedics and Trauma Surgery told pedestrians they should lean forwards and take small steps so that the centre of gravity is on the front leg .
It issued a sketch showing how humans spread their weight over both legs when they walk , in contrast to penguins which remain stable by placing all their weight on one leg .
In January 2014 , amid arctic weather conditions , rescue services in Berlin received more than 750 emergency calls and emergency rooms were stretched to capacity with patients with bone fractures .
It comes after authorities in Berlin were criticised when they did not sprinkle rock salt on icy pavements despite warnings of freezing temperatures .
What 's black and white and a bit of fat round the middle ? The penguins at London Zoo 17 show all What 's black and white and a bit of fat round the middle ? The penguins at London Zoo 1/17 AN7780225The annual weigh-i.jpg Peng-weigh-in : animals at London Zoo were having their vital statistics recorded today
Picture : Alex Lentati 2/17 AN7786033epa03367166 Meerka.jpg Who 's next ? The meerkats look keen to find out how much they weigh 3/17 AN7786019epa03367165 A meer.jpg How much ! Investigating the scales
Picture : EPA/Facundo Arrizabalaga 4/17 AN7785517epa03367152 A zook.jpg Not having a hoot : a zookeeper measures and weighs 'Elton ' , a spectacled owl
Picture : EPA/Facundo Arrizabalaga 5/17 AN7785355epa03367145 Giraff.jpg Side by side : giraffes await their weigh-in 6/17 AN7785988epa03367163 Zookee.jpg Head up ... and stretch : zookeeper Grant Kother measures a giant tortoise Picture : EPA 7/17 AN7780222The annual weigh-i.jpg Pick up a penguin : the check-ups will allow keepers to ensure more than 16,000 creatures are in the best health possible
Picture : Alex Lentati 8/17 penguins-zoo.jpg Who 's next ? The penguins line up for Vicky Fyson
Picture : Alex Lentati 9/17 penguin-weigh.jpg Breathe in : Vicky said : “ Some of the penguins can get quite fat around this time of year , so it 's important to keep an eye on them , equally a significant drop in weight will mean they are ill ”
Picture : Alex Lentati 10/17 AN7786033epa03367166 Meerka.jpg Weight watchers : the meerkats form a queue 11/17 AN7780300The annual weigh-i.jpg On the scales : all that fish goes straight to the hips
Picture : Alex Lentati 12/17 AN7780350The annual weigh-i.jpg One at a time ! The birds seem anxious to know their vital statistics
Picture : Alex Lentati 13/17 AN7780417The annual weigh-i.jpg Mili-meters : Measurements are recorded in the Zoological Information Management System , to be shared with facilities across the world
Picture : Alex Lentati 14/17 AN7785311Vicki Fyson a trai.jpg Slippery customer : Vicki Fyson prepares to weigh a Rockhopper penguin
Picture : AP Photo/Alastair Grant 15/17 AN7780467The annual weigh-i.jpg Tall order : Zoological director David Field said : “ We need to know the vital statistics of every animal at the zoo — however big or small ”
Picture : Alex Lentati 16/17 AN7780488The annual weigh-i.jpg Two-by-two : the giraffes grab a quick snack
Picture : Alex Lentati 17/17 AN7785185A-Galapagos-giant-.jpg Coming out of their shell : a Galapagos giant tortoise gets measured 1/17 AN7780225The annual weigh-i.jpg Peng-weigh-in : animals at London Zoo were having their vital statistics recorded today
Picture : Alex Lentati 2/17 AN7786033epa03367166 Meerka.jpg Who 's next ? The meerkats look keen to find out how much they weigh 3/17 AN7786019epa03367165 A meer.jpg How much ! Investigating the scales
Picture : EPA/Facundo Arrizabalaga 4/17 AN7785517epa03367152 A zook.jpg Not having a hoot : a zookeeper measures and weighs 'Elton ' , a spectacled owl
Picture : EPA/Facundo Arrizabalaga 5/17 AN7785355epa03367145 Giraff.jpg Side by side : giraffes await their weigh-in 6/17 AN7785988epa03367163 Zookee.jpg Head up ... and stretch : zookeeper Grant Kother measures a giant tortoise Picture : EPA 7/17 AN7780222The annual weigh-i.jpg Pick up a penguin : the check-ups will allow keepers to ensure more than 16,000 creatures are in the best health possible
Picture : Alex Lentati 8/17 penguins-zoo.jpg Who 's next ? The penguins line up for Vicky Fyson
Picture : Alex Lentati 9/17 penguin-weigh.jpg Breathe in : Vicky said : “ Some of the penguins can get quite fat around this time of year , so it 's important to keep an eye on them , equally a significant drop in weight will mean they are ill ”
Picture : Alex Lentati 10/17 AN7786033epa03367166 Meerka.jpg Weight watchers : the meerkats form a queue 11/17 AN7780300The annual weigh-i.jpg On the scales : all that fish goes straight to the hips
Picture : Alex Lentati 12/17 AN7780350The annual weigh-i.jpg One at a time ! The birds seem anxious to know their vital statistics
Picture : Alex Lentati 13/17 AN7780417The annual weigh-i.jpg Mili-meters : Measurements are recorded in the Zoological Information Management System , to be shared with facilities across the world
Picture : Alex Lentati 14/17 AN7785311Vicki Fyson a trai.jpg Slippery customer : Vicki Fyson prepares to weigh a Rockhopper penguin
Picture : AP Photo/Alastair Grant 15/17 AN7780467The annual weigh-i.jpg Tall order : Zoological director David Field said : “ We need to know the vital statistics of every animal at the zoo — however big or small ”
Picture : Alex Lentati 16/17 AN7780488The annual weigh-i.jpg Two-by-two : the giraffes grab a quick snack
Picture : Alex Lentati 17/17 AN7785185A-Galapagos-giant-.jpg Coming out of their shell : a Galapagos giant tortoise gets measured
The mercury in Berlin is expected to plunge as low as -10C by Saturday .
To avoid falling over , doctors also recommended wearing shoes with spikes , waiting to reach the office before putting on `` elegant '' shoes in the office , or simply staying at home .
George Lopez responded to criticism for saying `` Deport the police . ''
The comedian shared and then deleted on Friday , `` The Trump administration is deporting Latinos to make the streets safer… You wan na make the streets safer deport the police . ''
They added , `` This is not an indictment of all Law Enforcement , some still just beat you . ''
Lopez clarified their remarks on Instagram Monday saying , `` I hope this clears up any misunderstanding . Comedy has a way of healing , but I also realize it can hurt too , so let 's let cooler heads prevail . ''
Lopez shared a picture of the band The Police with the words `` Deport the Police '' along with their statement Monday .
A rep for the comedian did not return Fox News ' request for comment .
Many fans felt their statement on Friday was `` irresponsible '' and suggested Lopez `` stick to comedy . ''
`` This is a very irresponsible comment bro . You have really disappointed me bro , I thought you were better than that , ” one commenter wrote , according to Breitbart .
Another said , according to the site , `` Not cool @ georgelopez . I 'm Latina and I 've been pulled over more than enough times for speeding . All but one cop were nice and respectful . '' One more commenter said , `` I realize there are some bad apples in the bunch but your statement puts all cops in the bad bunch category . Please stick to comedy . You 're not that funny when you bring politics into your posts . ''
So you want to sue your Korean doctor in a Korean court ? IPG has handled numerous medical malpractice matters for plaintiffs and defendants of medical malpractice cases in Korea in Korean courts and we were , prior , to having knowledge of the composition of the new Korean Medical Dispute Mediation and Arbitration Agency – were very pessimistic about its usefulness for plaintiffs . When we first heard about the enactment of the new Korean Medical Malpractice Law we were skeptical if the system would be useful for plaintiffs , since , often , the court and prosecutors are able to assert more pressure on doctors than this type commission and we were worried that this agency would be dominated by doctors . However , after a discussion with one of the standing commissioners of the Korean Medical Dispute Mediation and Arbitration Agency , who we know well and who we worked with in the past , we have come to
Like this : Like Loading ...
An Arizona judge says testimony given by an Edmonton-area man being sued by a $ 50-million lottery winner from Lamont , Alta . `` is completely lacking in credibility . ''
Last Wednesday 's ruling in the Superior Court of Arizona Maricopa County upheld a previous decision finding Jeremy Crawford in contempt and owing nearly $ 1.3 million in unpaid fines and an illegal loan , according to documents obtained by CBC News .
Judge Christopher Whitten said Crawford hid information from their own attorney , who lost trust in their client to the point that they secretly recorded their phone conversation .
Whitten rejected Crawford 's motion asking that the contempt order be reconsidered due to Crawford 's `` dire financial situation . ''
Crawford led 'incredibly lavish lifestyle '
The judge said evidence showed Crawford was leading `` an incredibly lavish lifestyle . ''
Whitten said while they were considering the contempt motion , Crawford took extended family members to Disneyland , paying for all of their airfare and expenses . After that , they took them skiiing in Canada , said Whitten , leasing a vehicle for the trip .
The court has ordered Crawford return $ 200,000 `` which was illegally taken '' by mortgaging a property and , until then , pay a daily fine of $ 10,000 .
Crawford and their company Kult Labs are at the centre of a lawsuit launched last month by multi-million-dollar lottery winner Randall Rush , of Lamont .
Randall Rush won $ 50 million in the Jan. 16 Lotto Max draw . ( Western Canadian Lottery Corporation )
A year earlier , Rush took a trip to a grocery store to buy food for their cat Conway Kitty , and discovered they had won $ 50 million .
In a statement of claim filed last month in Alberta , Rush said they invested more than $ 4.6 million of their winnings in Kult Labs , and that they were `` induced '' by representations made `` fraudulently , deliberately , or recklessly , having no regard to their truth or accuracy . ''
The lawsuit also accuses Crawford of failing to register assets in exchange for Rush 's investment , including an Audi R8 luxury sports car , a modest Sherwood Park home , and a palatial residence and an office building in Arizona .
Crawford has not yet filed a statement of defence in the lawsuit and none of the allegations have been proven in court .
On Nov. 25 , 2015 , an Arizona court granted a temporary restraining order to Rush . The order prevents Crawford from selling , transferring or borrowing against any of those listed properties or the Audi , as well as two Porsches , a Ferrari , and a Harley-Davidson Night Train .
But after it was imposed , court testimony shows Crawford took out a $ 200,000 private mortgage against the Arizona office building . Prior to the order they had already sold the Ferrari and Audi .
'Clearly violated ' restraining order , says judge
In their testimony , Crawford admitted `` to actions which clearly violated '' the restraining order , according to the court ruling documents . They claimed they only learned of the order two weeks afterwards , and did not understand it prevented them from selling or encumbering the property .
In their ruling , Whitten said Crawford 's testimony is `` completely lacking in credibility and is contradicted by a huge mountain of other evidence . ''
Among that evidence , the judge said two weeks after the restraining order was issued , Crawford 's lawyer asked them if they had taken out a mortgage on their residence . Crawford said no but `` hid the fact that they had encumbered the other ( office ) property from their own attorney . ''
Lawyer secretly recorded conversation
The judge said less than a week later , Crawford 's lawyer surreptitiously recorded their conversation because they `` no longer trusted Mr. Crawford '' and was `` justifiably concerned by the fact that they had , on multiple occasions , made representations to counsel and the Court that turned out to be false . ''
During that recorded call in mid-December , Crawford confirmed to their lawyer that right after court imposed the restraining order , they went through the restricted assets . Crawford also admitted taking out a loan on the property after the order was discussed .
Jeremy Crawford says they got their start in sales at City Ford in St. Albert . ( Facebook ) `` Of course , Mr. Crawford did not know that this evidence existed when they developed the argument that they did n't know about the TRO ( restraining order ) or understand its significance , until mid-December , '' reads Whitten 's ruling .
They said Crawford 's lawyer explained to them the order restrictions in detail on multiple occasions . They described Crawford 's `` pretend surprise '' about the effect of the order as `` unbelievable '' and `` fiction . ''
`` This feigned ignorance is in direct contradiction to Mr. Crawford 's admission that they did not tell ( his lawyer ) about the December 7 , 2015 loan and lien when they spoke on December 10 , 2015 because they knew , at that time , then that it violated the TRO , '' writes Whitten , referring to the temporary restraining order ..
On their personal website , TheJerCraw.com , Crawford says they got their start in sales at City Ford in St. Albert and is `` the founding publisher of Edmonton Style Magazine , Calgary Living Magazine , Alberta Oil Magazine and Toronto Elite Magazine . ''
They say they have spoken in front of thousands of people across Canada and the United States . With the release of their new book coming in December , `` he has a message to help people fight through their challenging seasons of life , '' the website says .
The judge said when the $ 200,000 is repaid the court may entertain the motion to reduce the daily fine .
If you have any information about this story , please send an email in confidence to andrea.huncar @ cbc.ca @ andreahuncar
Davison suffered a small break to their right-sided transverse process – a boney projection off the vertebrae – when they collided with Rick Kelly during the 12-car pile-up at Symmons Plains two rounds ago .
They recovered sufficiently in time to race at Phillip Island , although did so with the help of pain killers and was unable to train in the build-up .
Davison is back to full training now , though , having kickstarted their regular fitness regime leading into the Barbagallo round .
That does n't mean they were pain-free during Sunday 's 200-kilometre race , though , Davison conceding that they were still a little tender , and that being locked in battle with Fabian Coulthard and Shane van Gisbergen helped .
“ The back was a bit sore , I did feel it for the last 20 or 30 laps , ” they said . “ But it 's nothing bad , you always get a few aches and pains around [ Barbagallo Raceway ] anyway , there 's a lot of long-loaded stuff , and big brake pressure at the last corner .
“ So I was feeling [ the back ] a bit , but fortunately I was in such a good battle that mentally it enabled me to stay in the zone and get through .
“ I had a really good week of training coming into here , back to pretty much normal . So I 'm looking forward to another good week before Winton . I 'm back running , back cycling , back in the gym , and I 'm building up a bit . I 've got no dramas [ with training ] now . ”
Perth result ‘ a good fifth '
Davison enjoyed their best showing of the season so far on Sunday at Barbagallo , finishing fifth ahead of Coulthard and van Gisbergen .
The result came at a time when the front of the field is at its most competitive , thanks to the emergence of DJR Team Penske as a regular , consistent force . It means there is a effectively a ‘ big six ' – the Penske Fords , the Red Bull-backed Triple Eight Holdens , and Prodrive Racing 's Chaz Mostert and Mark Winterbottom .
According to Davison , being in that mix makes fifth a great result for the single-car Tekno squad .
“ A fifth with no attrition is a good fifth [ this year ] , ” they said .
“ [ The front-runners ] have stepped it up and it 's hard for a lot of teams to keep up . It 's not impossible , but it 's hard . Particularly after the year we 've had we 've got to walk again , run again , get everyone 's chest back up , everyone 's been pretty down , pretty fatigued . It 's time like this where you 've got to dig deep and regroup .
“ It was an important weekend . We enjoy ourselves , we enjoy our racing . We can see signs of competitiveness again , and no dramas all weekend . We want more performance , but this was a good weekend . ”
Davison added that they expect Tekno to still be able to compete with the likes of Penske , Triple Eight , and Prodrive , despite not having the manpower of the bigger teams .
“ Yeah , we can [ compete for wins ] , ” they said . “ It 's annoying , we want to be able to do it more often . But at the moment they 're pushing hard .
“ There 'll be a time when hopefully we have the opportunity to get back to level playing field with equipment . And it 's not just equipment , it 's people . It 's such a fine-tuning game now , it 's not like magic widgets here and there . It 's an absolute fine-tuning game .
“ I 've got [ engineer ] Campbell [ Little ] here building shocks and springs and not looking at data , and that 's what small teams do – someone does four jobs , you do n't have seven engineers sitting around and other people building things .
“ It 's hard , but it 's not impossible . I think we all really worked well together this weekend . It 's certainly possible to be back fighting at the front . ”
Pedro Almodovar ‘ s latest film “ Broken Embraces ” ( “ Los Abrazos Rotos “ ) shown at Cannes Film Festival in competition , drops their distinctive comic melodrama for the best tradition of “ film noir , ” the dark and stylish film genre used in many crime dramas .
Oscar-winning director Almodovar ( for foreign-language film with “ All About My Mother ” and original screenplay for “ Talk to Her. ” ) described their 17th film and with the highest budget yet of 11 million euros ( $ 14.16 million ) , as “ the story of my love for the cinema . ”
“ The film noir genre is one of my favorites . The fact this film was really “ black ” was what was very satisfying . ”
enlarge the photos below
The film stars recent Oscar winner Penelope Cruz in the role of a tragedy-dogged aspiring actor .
“ Broken Embraces ” centers on a quartet of characters in the movie business whose lives are interwoven in a torrid tale of love , power , secrecy , betrayal and vengeance . There is the actor Lena ( Cruz ) , scriptwriter and director Mateo ( Lluis Homar ) , film producer Judith ( Blanca Portillo ) and unscrupulous financier Ernesto ( José Luis Gómez ) .
“ While the movie as a whole is thoroughly engrossing and all the movie references and subplots involving the cinema world undoubtedly enrich their story , this is a pretty minor film from the filmmaker . It feels like more of an exercise in plotting and movie nostalgia than a story about real people…
…For all this window dressing , “ Broken Embraces ” remains a 1950s-style Douglas Sirk melodrama with breathless revelations in the final reel . One or two stretch credibility about as far as it will go . Cruz and Homar do play their parts with flair though . Cruz , who is given an Audrey Hepburn hairdo in the movie within the movie , is glamorous , ambitious and utterly in love with their new man. ” HollywoodReporter
“ Pedro Almodovar offers nothing new in their latest feature , “ Abrazos Rotos ” ( “ Broken Embraces ” ) , but that 's probably enough for their devout followers . With solid performances and a script that 's never too hard on the ears , Spain 's superstar director merely repeats the themes and conflicts of their greatest hits . With secretive family issues , tortured artists , melodramatic events and slight humor all in play , Almodovar dutifully plays to their base… ” IndieWire
“ It 's curious to reflect that the great Spanish director Pedro Almodóvar , once the enfant terrible of European cinema , turns 60 this year . In their maturity , they remain a distinctive stylist and a dazzling film-maker with technique to burn . Yet while their new film Broken Embraces parades their many virtues , it treads water rather than breaks new ground .
Despite its rich , vivid palette , Broken Embraces feels like Almodóvar 's take on noir dramas of the 40s and 50s…
…He is at their best in such films as Live Flesh , All About My Mother and Volver , with their personal , deeply felt narratives . Instead , Broken Embraces often feels like a schematic exercise , an ingenious puzzle that requires a film within a film to supply answers… One hopes Broken Embraces is a breather for Almodovar , a chance to take stock of the themes that intrigue him . Next time , a simpler , more affecting story would be welcome. ” Telegraph
“ The action unfolds in flashback . Mateo Blanco ( a likeable , low-key Lluis Homar ) is a blind screenwriter and former film director who is now confined to their Madrid apartment where they grapple with their tumultuous past . They recall in particular the mid-1990s , where they fell in love with Lena ( Cruz ) , a tremulous , sad-eyed beauty who traded on their charms to become the mistress of a domineering magnate , Ernesto Martel ( Jose Luis Gomez ) …
…Fans of Almodovar will get plenty of what they expect here – rich saturated colours , hyper plotting , stylistic pyrotechnics and off-centre comedy . But there are carefully nuanced male characters too and the bleak , distant tone coupled with the unassuaged pain of the leads is a new departure for the director… ” ScreenDaily
“ Films about filmmaking are almost invariably deeply personal works for their director . Fellini 's 8 ½ , Truffaut 's Day For Night : both movies contain the creative essence and the artistic insecurities of the filmmaker laid bare with a candour that is not always present in their other work . But the same is not true of Pedro Almodovar 's Broken Embraces , a polished , handsomely-mounted picture which nevertheless leaves you with a sense of deflated emptiness…
…The layered structure of the story is echoed effectively by the use of reflections and images within images in the film . There is , it has to be said , no shortage of ideas here , and cineastes will have fun spotting all the movie references . Still , ultimately a fundamental problem stems from just that : the film feels like a mixed bag of smart ideas and nods to other pictures , rather than a coherent , distinct work of art. ” TimesOnline
“ Partly a film about films and partly a film about love , Pedro Almodovar 's “ Broken Embraces ” ca n't quite decide where its allegiances lie . A restless , rangy and frankly enjoyable genre-juggler that combines melodrama , comedy and more noir-hued darkness than ever before , the pic is held together by the extraordinary force of Almodovar 's cinematic personality . But while its four-way in extremis love story dazzles , it never really catches fire… ” Variety
“ Pedro Almodóvar has always managed to combine elegance and exuberance , and their latest movie is no exception : a richly enjoyable piece of work , slick and sleek , with a sensuous feel for the cinematic surfaces of things and , as ever , self-reflexively infatuated with the business of cinema itself . Yet I wonder if Almodóvar is n't in danger of retreading old ideas . It does n't quite match the heartfelt power of their 2006 Cannes film festival contender , Volver ; Broken Embraces is always conspicuously concerned with passion , but without being itself fully passionate…
…The film-within-a-film motif is head-spinningly sophisticated , though the theme of cinema itself within cinema ( traditionally rather overrated by cinephiles in terms of interest and importance ) is kept fresh and alive through Almodóvar 's sheer energy. ” Guardian
The State Board of Education on Wednesday approved dramatic overhauls for five Aurora public schools , freeing them from a litany of local and state policies in an effort to boost student achievement that has languished behind the rest of the state .
The board 's approval was a major win for Aurora Superintendent Rico Munn 's school reform agenda , even as several board members raised concerns that the plans do not go far enough .
Wednesday 's meeting also set up a new debate about how to address dozens of failing Colorado schools that have reached the end of the state 's accountability timeline . State law allows the board to suggest failing schools be closed , redesigned or turned into charter schools .
Aurora Central High has been on the state list for chronic low performance for five years and faces sanctions next year . Two other Aurora schools — Boston K8 and Paris Elementary — are also on the timeline but are several years away from facing sanctions .
Munn 's redesign plans pertain to the schools on the timeline , plus Aurora West Collegiate Preparatory Academy and Crawford Elementary .
The plans are partly an effort by Aurora to stave off state sanctions .
However , the State Board of Education made clear it is n't ready to say whether the plan for Aurora Central will be enough to prevent further action .
Rise & Shine Colorado Get Colorado 's most important education stories delivered to your inbox daily Subscribe “ Chalkbeat is my go-to education news source . Typically , Chalkbeat is the place to find out about district news before you hear about it anywhere else. ” — Amy M .
Instead , the board unanimously approved the plans under the state 's innovation law , which only requires the board to attest the changes wo n't decrease student achievement and are fiscally viable .
Munn told the board they believe the changes , especially those at Aurora Central , will improve student achievement and meet any future requirements the board might set for schools on its watch list .
“ We are very confident that these plans will meet that standard , although we know that standard does n't exist yet , ” Munn said .
The State Board has only just begun to determine how it will hand out sanctions to schools on the state 's timeline . Part of that process is deciding how it will evaluate the quality of proposed innovation plans .
As for the plans approved Wednesday , major changes at all five Aurora schools will include a longer school day and year , more and different training for teachers , and more individualized and project-based learning for students . Parents will also be engaged in new ways , students will have more after-school opportunities and the schools will focus on building global leadership skills for their growing immigrant and refugee populations .
Board members Val Flores , D-Denver , and Deb Scheffel , R-Parker , voiced concern that the plans would n't do enough for English language learners . Both said they found some parts of the plan confusing .
“ I do n't see how you 're attacking reading , ” Scheffel said .
Flores said they felt the district might be trying to make too many changes with too many outside partners . That could send mixed messages , they said .
“ I ca n't get it in my head what you 're going to do and how it 's going to cohere , ” Flores said .
Munn responded that their schools are committed to literacy instruction and said the way the district teaches its English language learners is governed by the federal government and ca n't be waived by the State Board . They added that their district has vetted all of its partners , such as the principal training programs Relay Schools and the International Studies Schools Network , to make sure their missions align to the district 's plans .
The board 's approval caps a 14-month process for Munn and the five schools .
Munn first pitched the idea for the overhauls in March 2015 . Their plan was met with equal parts enthusiasm and skepticism . Last June , the State Board applauded Munn for being proactive in making changes .
At times this spring , it seemed as if everything would fall apart — especially at Aurora Central and Aurora West , where teachers raised concerns over their employment rights . But Munn 's team , including principals at the five schools , ushered the plans through the lengthy process to the State Board .
After the State Board granted its approval , those principals and some staff members gathered in the hall of the Colorado Department of Education
Paris Elementary Principal Tammy Stewart was smiling .
“ I 'm really excited for the kids , ” they said .
This article is over 1 year old
Justin Trudeau congratulates 38-year-old Sikh lawyer on election to lead New Democratic party into 2019 federal election
Jagmeet Singh , a 38-year-old lawyer and practising Sikh , was elected on Sunday to lead Canada 's left-leaning New Democrats , becoming the first non-white politician to head a major political party there .
The Ontario provincial lawmaker , whose penchant for colorful turbans and tailor-made three-piece suits made them a social media star , was elected on the first ballot to lead the New Democratic party ( NDP ) into the 2019 federal election against Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's Liberals .
“ Thank you , New Democrats . The run for prime minister begins now , ” Singh tweeted .
Jagmeet Singh ( @ theJagmeetSingh ) Thank you , New Democrats . The run for Prime Minister begins now 🇨🇦 # LoveAndCourage pic.twitter.com/FDUem3pfGT
Singh secured 54 % of the vote , defeating three rivals to become the new head of the NDP , succeeding Thomas Mulcair . The results of the vote , conducted online and by mail , were announced at a party meeting in Toronto .
Trudeau congratulated their new political rival on Twitter on Sunday , saying : “ I look forward to speaking soon and working together for Canadians . ”
The Toronto-area politician , who has led in fundraising since joining the race in May , had been touted by supporters as someone who could bring new life to the party , which has struggled since the death of charismatic former leader Jack Layton in 2011 .
Singh 's profile was boosted early last month after a video went viral showing them calmly responding with words of love to a heckler who interrupted a campaign event to accuse them of wanting to impose Shariah law in Canada .
Christopher Cochrane , a professor of political science at the University of Toronto , said : “ His skill , in being able to defuse the situation , it understandably appealed to a lot of people who ended up supporting him . ”
Cochrane added that Singh 's ability to connect both with young people and those in ethnic minorities would make them a “ force to reckon with ” when competing against Trudeau in 2019 .
The NDP is the third largest party in the federal parliament , with 44 of 338 seats . The party lags well behind the centrist Liberals and right-leaning Conservatives in political fundraising this year , according to Elections Canada data .
Singh will now focus on rallying supporters and targeting center-left voters who helped propel Trudeau 's Liberals to a decisive victory in 2015 .
There are hurdles ahead . Singh does not have a seat in the federal parliament and will have to win one . They also need to persuade voters that their party can form a government , although it has never held power federally .
There are also questions over whether they will have success in Quebec , Canada 's mainly French-speaking province , where overt signs of faith are frowned upon .
• This article was amended on 2 October 2017 to remove an incorrect term relating to Canada 's electoral system .
DEARBORN ― The man in question involving a FBI raid at a Dearborn home Thursday night is suspected of aiding terrorists , The AANews have learned from sources close to the investigation .
Samer ElDebek , a Lebanese American truck driver , was taken into custody and transported to their hometown of New York on Friday on federal charges of providing material support or resources to foreign terrorist organizations and receiving military-type training from them , according to official documents obtained by The AAnews .
The warrant indicated authorities were looking for explosive materials and/or a manual of how to make them . It was issued a day before the raid by a federal judge of the U.S. District Court for Southern District of New York . They are expected to be arraigned in the state on Monday , June 5 .
A large FBI squad stormed the unit in the duplex on Johnathon Street in Dearborn on Thursday , June 1 at around 5 in the evening and closed off the street while agents meticulously searched the property .
Several agents hauled dozens of small to mid-sized boxes from the home . Inside were more than 90 sparkling birthday candles and several high-powered Shot Grizzly fireworks . They also seized phones . an iPad and their U.S. passport .
Members of their family told TheAANews that the high-powered fireworks does not belong to him , but to their neighbor who they shate a garage with .
The FBI initially said it was conducting an operation related to a “ national security issue . ”
ElDebek 's wife , their two young daughters and an elderly relative left with agents for about an hour before returning home at around 10 p.m. Thursday night .
The AANews spoke to neighbors living on either side of the house , who say they shocked and terrified , especially as agents forced everybody to stay inside their homes .
They also said the family kept to themselves and did n't say much when greeted by anybody outside .
The AANews attempted to speak to them Thursday night , but they turned off all the lights and did not answer the door .
Sources close to their family deny any wrongdoing . The man is described as a committed family man .
They lived in New York and left eight years ago to Lebanon . They returned last year to New York and later settled in Dearborn about 10 months ago .
debug-comments-loader
A simple webpack-loader , that turns javascript-singel-line-comments into debuging tools .
It will make the following code ...
var pi2 = square ( Math . PI )
... print this in the console
9 . 869604401089358 is PI squared .
Installation
npm install -- save - dev debug - comments - loader
Usage
It 's recommended to only use it when importing the files that you are currently working with
var stuff = require ( ' debug-comments-loader ! stuff.js ' )
But it can as well be used with a regex in the webpack.config.js
{ module : { loaders : [ { test : / \ . js $ / , loader : `` debug-comments-loader `` } ] } }
Then it 's just to add your one line comments like this :
var someJavascriptCode = `` whatever `` function someFunction ( ) { return `` whatever `` }
Use a differnt logging command
Just name a different logger function in the webpack-query-string
var stuff = require ( ' debug-comments-loader ? console.log ! stuff.js ' )
Known issues
All known issues can be solved by moving the comment and/or using block comments instead .
var bestArray = [ bestValue , bestvalue2 ]
( ) = > { }
And most likely , December 19 will come and go , the biggest anti-climax since Y2K , with Trump 's electors meekly voting the expressed will of their state 's voters , giving them the majority they need .
Should they ? Advocates have advanced a few really bad reasons why they should not . Hillary Clinton 's thumping popular vote victory is a historic fact , but not a reason why electors would switch . I tend to doubt that Trump , no matter what campaign they ran , could have reversed Clinton 's current ( and growing ) margin of 2.8 million votes . But what you or I think probably does n't matter to a Republican who volunteered last summer to be a Trump elector . The aim of both campaigns was always to get 270 electoral votes , and Trump got them . Asking an elector to switch for that reason smacks of dishonesty .
And I do n't think the Founding Fathers somehow “ intended ” the electors to function in this situation as wise elders . If they did , I think the Electoral College would operate far differently . The electors never meet , they do n't debate , they vote only once , and they disappear . To me , that 's not a deliberative body ; that 's a protection for states that choose to disfranchise their people . In Federalist 68 , Hamilton makes a good case for the opposite interpretation ; that essay reminds me of what my mother used to say about my late Uncle George 's Army stories— “ They 're so good they make you wish they were true . ”
Would-be constitutional experts who have lately begun to rhapsodize about the wisdom of the Electoral College are damaging the cause of constitutionalism and sane electoral reform and ought to quit it . My attempts to push back against the flood of sentimental Electoral College twaddle have made some people on the left so angry that they 've actually complained to my employers . So eager are they to believe that clapping their hands will keep Tinker Bell alive that contrary voices must be silenced .
As far as I am concerned , a system in which electors pretend to support one candidate and then go shopping their votes after the fact is dangerous . If you doubt that , consider the frank admission by former Republican vice-presidential nominee Bob Dole that , had the 1976 election been slightly closer , their party was “ shopping—not shopping , excuse me . Looking around for electors … We needed to pick up three or four after Ohio. ” Turning the post-election pre-vote period into a bidding war would be the one thing most calculated to make the electoral-vote system more of a disaster than it is .
On the other hand , there 's also nothing wrong with saying that on December 19 , the electors chosen in November will be responsible for choosing the next president . Not the voters of their states , not the leaders of their parties .
They themselves . Their individual votes will determine the result .
And each of them must make their or their own choice .
There are tons of rumors that spread during disasters .
FEMA has set up a rumor control website to help alleviate false information .
In its current iteration , the rumor site takes on pets in shelters and hotels , gas issues , disaster clean up , contractor repair scams and FEMA 's business re-entry list .
The website warns about scam artists who may pose as government officials , aid workers , charitable organizations , or insurance company employees .
The scammers are asking for personal information and trying to charge disaster victims for inspectors or repairs .
For those seeking shelter with pets , the website makes it clear that while Congress passed a law ensuring disaster relief accounted for pet needs , the same standard does not apply to hotels housing storm evacuees .
Follow these steps :
The website could be accessed at https : //www.fema.gov/hurricane-irma-rumor-control .
CBS 12 is also trying to help by hosting a Hurricane Help Line at 561-882-0859 .
Nicholas Alan Warden 's passion for fighting for American freedom took root the day terrorists knocked down New York City 's Twin Towers .
They lived that passion until they died in a fight against ISIS on Friday , from wounds they incurred in Syria , hundreds of miles from their baby daughter in France and thousands of miles from their hometown , Depew .
Warden died as a volunteer fighting alongside the Kurdish People 's Protection Units , known as the YPG , outside of Raqqa , Syria , the Kurdish group said on Twitter Tuesday .
It all proved to be devastating news to their father , Mark Warden of Depew .
`` I 'm not in a good way right now , '' said Warden , who heard conflicting reports on whether their only son had died - before finally learning the bad news Tuesday .
Mark Warden recalled their son , a Cleveland Hill High School graduate , as a soldier 's soldier , even after they left the U.S. Army for other military pursuits .
`` He was very strong-willed and very strong-minded and very much against ISIS and these terrorist groups , '' Warden , an Army veteran , said during an interview with The Buffalo News . `` And they wanted to do whatever they could to get rid of them . They said not enough people are helping so they had to help . ''
That 's exactly what the younger Warden , who died less than two weeks after their 29th birthday , said in a Facebook video that the YPG posted on Tuesday .
`` I joined the YPG to fight ISIS because of the terrorist attacks they were doing in Orlando , in San Bernardino , in Nice ( France ) , in Paris , '' they said .
Warden also said hello to their father in Depew and their mother , Dawn Hall of Geneva , in the video . They noted that they took a Kurdish nom de guerre , Rodi Deysie , in their fight against ISIS .
`` During training , Rodi was described by comrades as ' a real soldier , ' 'disciplined , ' 'modest ' and 'always the first to volunteer for duties , '' the YPG said in the video .
Those comments came as no surprise to their father . They said their son wanted to become a soldier ever since they were 13 , when the al-Qaeda terror group destroyed New York City 's World Trade Center in attacks with hijacked airplanes .
`` Ever since that , they were like : 'Dad , I 'm going in the military , I 'm fighting these people , '' their father said .
`` He 's been battling since they were 18 years old , as soon as they were able to do , '' Mark Warden added .
They fought even though it was not always easy for him .
Their father said Nicholas had a medical condition that left them prone to dizzy spells when they were young . The Army noticed as soon as they tried to enlist .
`` He had a hard time getting into the military and when they finally let them in , they took off from there , '' Mark Warden said .
Nicholas Warden served in the Army for four years and nine months , doing two tours of duty in Afghanistan .
They remained extraordinarily brave all the while , recalled Steve Tylka , of Clarksville , Tenn. , who befriended Warden when they served together in the Army 's 101st Airborne Division .
`` He was just one of those guys that seemed fearless all the time , '' Tylka said . `` There really was n't anything that seemed to scare him . ''
But there was another side of Warden , too - a warmth and wit well-known to all their friends .
`` He was incredibly social , '' Tylka recalled . `` If you were in their circle of friends , it was close . They were always there . Their sense of humor is probably what people know them for the most . They were always cutting up . They always had wisecracks and could turn anything into a joke . ''
Warden did face one limit in life . Because of their medical condition , the Army would n't let them join the Special Forces or go airborne . They did n't let that stop him .
After they left the Army in late 2011 or early 2012 , they stayed with Tylka briefly in Tennessee . Then Warden did something to continue the fight , and to prove they could do what the Army said they could n't . They went off and joined the French Foreign Legion . They served for five years and did 49 paratrooper jumps .
`` The doctors said they would outgrow ( his medical condition ) , and they did , '' their father said .
With the Foreign Legion , Nicholas Warden did tours of duty not only in France , but also in Chad , aiding that French-speaking African nation in its fight against the Boko Haram terror group .
While in France , they met a young woman who would become the mother of their daughter , Nerea , who is 18 months old .
Mark Warden , citing family privacy , declined to name the young woman who gave birth to their granddaughter . They also decided to keep private the photo they have of their son , cradling their young daughter .
Nicholas Warden left the French Foreign Legion last year and at first looked as if they would take a six-figure job with Triple Canopy , a contracting firm that works closely with the U.S. Army .
But with ISIS waging attacks in southern France , near where their daughter lived , they decided to return to the battlefield .
They signed on with the Kurdish group in February , and never provided much information about their duties there when they and their dad last spoke in May .
The YPG said Nicholas Warden was killed last week along with Robert Grodt , 28 , of California . A British man fighting alongside the Kurds , Luke Rutter , was also killed .
About a dozen Americans have now been killed after volunteering to fight for the Kurdish group – something the State Department warns Americans that they should n't do .
`` The U.S. government does not support this activity , and our ability to provide consular assistance to individuals who are injured or kidnapped , or to the families of individuals who die as a result of taking part in the conflict , is extremely limited , '' the State Department said in a travel warning in March .
Mark Warden said Tuesday that U.S. officials told them their son was gravely injured in a mine blast July 5 , and died two days later .
The three men were aiding the Kurdish group in its month-long battle to retake the northern Syrian city of Raqqa , which the ISIS terror group has claimed as its supposed capital .
Nicholas Warden went to Syria feeling that ISIS posed a threat to their daughter 's way of life in France , their father said . The young fighter also figured they could join Triple Canopy , that defense contract , for that lucrative job once they had finished fighting ISIS .
`` He thought they would do that after . Now there is no after anymore , '' their father said .
News staff reporter Harold McNeil contributed to this report .
New Multitasking Concept
Multitasking is somehow one of Android 's key features . It works fast and fluid and - even after Apple completely redesigned their feature within iOS 7 - competitor 's implementations are still only on one level with Android , but still did not find a superior solution yet .
So this concept shows how multitasking on Android may become even better . The idea is that the user can swipe between all running applications by swiping either from the left or the right edge of the phone with two fingers .
It would just be an addition and of course not a replacement of the current feature . We 've meanwhile accepted that multiple windows just do n't serve on tablets - and even less on smartphones . On tablets you may be able to snap several applications side by side , as seen in Windows 8 , but this does not work on smartphones . The concept presented here , however , would do well on tablets AND on smartphones !
I personally really like this idea ! For example when working on a document you could simply swipe back and forth between the application and a browser . Or when you 're chatting with people on two different platforms at the same time ( thus also in two different applications ) , you could simply swipe between both again and again .
The only problem may be that it needs much power to work fluidly . It 's also not usable with the one hand you 're holding the phone , but I think that 's no big deal . It would certainly shoot Android 's multitasking implementation miles ahead all competitor 's features - again !
What 's your opinion on this ? Would you also love to see Google unveil something like that as part of KitKat ( or in a later release ) ? Or do you think the current multitasking implementation is enough and such a feature would do nothing but clutter the overall user experience ?
It 's April Fool 's Day and so people and sites across the interweb are having some fun , and there are a few cases where Star Trek is part of the gag . And this year it seems JJ Abrams cross-franchise work has inspired a lot of Star Wars/Star Trek gags . See below for a roundup of the Star Trek April Fool 's Day pranks
The big news in the the geek world is director JJ Abrams directing Star Wars Episode VII right after they wrap up on Star Trek Into Darkness . This actual crossover from franchises has inspired a number of Trek/Wars pranks for April Fool 's Day .
Shatner and Takei to play Jedi ?
First up both William Shatner and George Takei appear to have come up with the same idea . Both posted ‘ news ' stories about how they had been cast in Episode VII . Shatner 's story noted they would be playing `` a mysterious Jedi with a connection to the Carrie Fisher character Princess Leia. '' . While Takei 's Facebook post said they would be playing `` Master Ceti Maru , a member of the Jedi Council . ''
Reddit Swaps Trek/Wars + New Trek/Wars Wiki
The folks at Reddit also had some Star Trek and Star Wars fun , by swapping the respective pages for Star Trek and Star Wars . reddit.com/r/starwars leads to the Star Trek page and reddit.com/r/startrek leads to the Star Wars page . There is also a lot of crossover content on the two pages
Another online destination has combined forces . This time Wookipedia ( the online Star Wars wiki ) relaunched today as `` Memory Aurek , '' a new combined Star Trek/Star Wars encyclopedia .
And finally , the people at Gamma Squad also had some Trek/Wars fun , reporting the news that J.J. Abrams was working on a crossover animated series for both franchises .
More Trek April fools gags
There were some April Fool 's gags for Star Trek that actually had nothing to do with Star Wars . Here are some highlights .
If you see more Trek gags , send them in to tips @ trekmovie.com
Three people were killed in a house in Hempstead , police said . Rana Novini reports .
What to Know A mother , their daughter and their daughter 's friend were bludgeoned to death with a hammer in a house in Hempstead , police said .
A fourth victim was beaten but escaped and flagged down help , police said .
Bobby Vanderhall , the son and sister of two of the victims , is charged with the murders .
A man broke into their mother 's house on Long Island early Saturday and bludgeoned them to death with a hammer , then did the same to their sister and their sister 's friend , police said .
Another friend was also beaten but able to escape , Nassau County police said . They ran outside and flagged someone down to call for help .
Bobby Vanderhall , 34 , had been kicked out of their mother 's house and was homeless , Lt. Stephen Fitzpatrick of Nassau County homicide said .
`` The family right now is distraught , '' said Juanita Johnson , a cousin of the Vanderhalls . `` We in shock . ''
At around 1:15 a.m. , they took a large hammer from the garage on Perry Street in Hempstead and broke through a basement door , Fitzpatrick said . Then they beat their mother , 58-year-old Lynn Vanderhall , to death in the kitchen , police said .
They found their sister , 29-year-old Melissa Vanderhall , and one of Melissa 's friends on the staircase and beat them with the hammer , Fitzpatrick said . That 's when the friend escaped and went for help .
They found the last victim , 29-year-old Janel Simpson , in an upstairs room . They also died from bludgeoning , Fitzpatrick said .
The survivor , who was n't identified , was hospitalized in stable condition . Police said they were also 29 years old .
Denis Simpson said their daughter Janel Simpson had worked late as a secretary at Northwell Health and then went to their friend 's house to hang out .
They described their daughter and their friends as fun-loving women who went to Carnival in Trinidad and were planning to visit Cuba in the fall .
`` These girls do n't give problems , these girls just have fun , '' Simpson said .
Bobby Vanderhall , who police described as more than 6 feet tall and at least 230 pounds , was arrested within 2 miles of the house , police said . They were asleep in their car .
They were charged with three counts of second-degree murder and one count of attempted murder . They were being held in Mineola and was scheduled for arraignment on Sunday .
They had been arrested previously , including for DWI and sexual abuse , Fitzpatrick said .
It was n't clear whether Bobby Vanderhall had an attorney .
Last week , Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf testified before the Senate Banking Committee after the bank paid fines for creating over 2 million fake customer accounts to boost their sales growth statistics . Stumpf , under fire from senators demanding that the bank claw back executive bonuses as punishment for the scandal , insisted that any such decision would be made by a committee of the board of directors that handles compensation issues .
That board is made up of five current and former CEOs and executive chairpeople who have enjoyed giant salaries throughout their careers . Pulling the trigger on clawbacks would force them to turn on the system that made them rich . They 'd also have to bite the hand that feeds them a steady supply of Wells Fargo stock .
This is a common situation , and it helps explain why executive compensation has inflated in recent decades . Corporate CEOs sit on one another 's boards and approve oversized pay packages , in the expectation that they will get the same treatment from their board in return . Some , like Stumpf , serve as both the CEO and board chairperson simultaneously .
Stumpf has said that they would make no recommendations to the board on whether they should claw back any of their compensation , or that of their fellow executives .
The Human Resources Committee of the Wells Fargo board evaluates and approves executive compensation plans for the bank . Here are its five members :
John Chen , the executive chair and CEO of Blackberry , Inc. since November 2013 . In 2014 , as a reward for their employment , Chen received a stock-based bonus of $ 84.7 million on top of $ 1 million in salary . The board said that the $ 84.7 million stock award helped “ align the interests of Executive Officers with the achievement of the Company 's long-term business objectives and the interests of shareholders. ” Chen 's 2015 compensation , which included even more stock , was $ 3.4 million , and in 2016 , $ 3 million .
Donald James , the retired CEO of Vulcan Materials . James served from 1997 to 2014 , and in their final year , they earned $ 13.36 million . Of that $ 3.9 million came from stock awards , and another $ 1.3 million in options .
Stephen Sanger , the former CEO of General Mills from 1993 to 2008 . In their final two years at the company , Sanger earned $ 19.15 million and $ 18.57 million , respectively . The majority of these earnings came in the form of stock grants and options .
Lloyd Dean , the CEO of the nonprofit Dignity Health Foundation , one of the three largest hospital systems in California . Since Dignity Health is a privately held company , it 's difficult to find executive compensation statistics , but in 2010 the Institute for Health and Socio-Economic Policy reported Dean 's pay for that year at $ 4.76 million . Kaiser Health News reported in 2013 that Dean 's compensation had increased to $ 5.14 million , with $ 2.05 million of it in “ bonus and incentive pay . ”
Susan Engel , the CEO of Portero , a luxury retail sales company , from 2009-2013 , and before that the CEO and chairperson of Lenox Group Inc. , a holiday gift manufacturer , from 1996-2007 . Engel received $ 837,865 in compensation from Lenox Group in 2006 , the last year for which a proxy statement can be located . Them salary as CEO of Portero is unavailable because the company is privately held .
In addition to the millions bestowed upon them by their own boards , these current and former CEOs receive a generous stipend for being on the board of Wells Fargo . According to the company 's most recent proxy statement , in 2015 Chen made $ 279,027 ; James made $ 293,027 ; Sanger made $ 382,027 ; Dean made $ 346,027 , and Engel made $ 331,027 . The majority of those payments came in the form of stock as well .
Top executives often receive stock instead of a base salary because of a Bill Clinton-era law exempting “ performance-based ” pay from a cap on corporate tax deductions for executive compensation .
Under Wells Fargo 's self-imposed “ clawback ” policy , the Human Resources Committee can revoke executive stock awards in the event of misconduct , including anything that causes the company reputational harm or a failure in risk management . While companies rarely enforce these provisions , as former FDIC chair Sheila Bair told CNBC when the false account scandal broke , “ If you 're going to use clawbacks , this would be the situation . ”
At last week 's hearing , senators of both parties urged Wells Fargo to use the clawback provision , particularly for Carrie Tolstedt , the former head of community banking ( chief overseer of retail account sales ) who retired this year with career earnings of $ 125 million . Were Stumpf to retire , they would receive $ 123.6 million in their own right .
“ To not invoke some degree of clawback for yourself and others involved would be committing malpractice from the standpoint of public relations , ” said Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tenn. , at the hearing . Stumpf replied that any decisions on clawbacks would result from “ a board process . ”
Federal regulators do not actually have to hope the collection of CEOs on the Wells Fargo board will reject personal self-interest and claw back executive pay . The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency both have the authority to impose a civil money penalty on individual executives but declined to do so in the Wells Fargo case . Despite the fact that Wells Fargo was fined $ 190 million in the fake accounts scandal , the executives responsible for the misconduct have paid no price .
FORT WORTH -- After nine months of being nearly invisible -- a big outing has been to a Dallas hardware store for flashlights -- George W. Bush made their debut Monday in their latest incarnation : motivational speaker .
Nearly 15,000 people heard the former president , known more for mangling the English language than for their eloquence , reminisce about their White House days . Bush , who is writing a book about the dozen toughest decisions they had to make , used much of their 28 minutes onstage to talk about lighter topics such as picking out a rug design for the Oval Office that reflected their `` optimism . ''
Perhaps in a nod to their dismal 22 percent approval ratings when they left office , Bush noted that `` popularity is fleeting . . . . It 's not real . ''
They beamed at the standing ovations from the friendly hometown crowd -- they now live in nearby Dallas .
Looking younger than their 63 years and relaxed , Bush did not appear to have an overarching theme , but strung anecdotes and jokes together and frequently mentioned their faith in God .
`` I do n't see how you can be president without relying on the Almighty . Now when I was 21 , I would n't have told you that , but at age 63 , I can tell you that one of the most amazing surprises of the presidency was the fact that people 's prayers affected me . I ca n't prove it to you . But I can tell you some days were great , some days not so great . But every day was joyous . '' That , they attributed , to the prayers of others .
Their speech came after the crowd at the `` GET MOTIVATED ! '' seminar stood up and danced to the Beach Boys ' song `` Surfin ' USA '' and batted around beach balls tossed into the audience .
The well-publicized event appears to mark the beginning of a higher profile for Bush .
Just last week they gave three speeches in Canada , and they have joined the Washington Speakers Bureau . They are scheduled to give another motivational speech next month in San Antonio . Former presidential adviser Karen Hughes said they have `` quite a few speeches planned '' during the fall .
Along with their book , due out next year , Bush is planning their new presidential library and policy institute at Southern Methodist University -- the alma mater of Laura Bush . They also have been spotted riding their mountain bike on local trails .
Many people interviewed afterward said they liked Bush , perhaps even because they are n't the best speaker of the day . They could have said a thesaurus was a big scaly creature that roamed the planet millions of years ago and they would have applauded .
Their most memorable story , one after another said , was about Barney , their Scottie :
Howell Raines , the elderly Southern white liberal who got fired as head editor of the New York Times in 2003 in the funny Jayson Blair affirmative action scandal ( I actually do n't have anything against Blair — they were just your basic gay black screw-up ) , is back with a long op-ed about how Southern white conservatives are doomed , doomed I tell you by diversity .
Even more dramatic changes in voter attitudes will shift the region 's party balance , to the detriment of the Republicans . This wo n't come about because current Republican voters and their elected officials now in office will somehow be converted , but because they will be overwhelmed by new voters in the burgeoning Hispanic and Asian communities , who will join the black minority . Over half of the nation 's 40 million blacks live in the South . For the time being , however , a traveler through the South ca n't help but notice that its affluent , suburban whites remain myopic about the obvious signs , like the multiracial families to be seen among Walmart shoppers on any given day in any shopping mall . Houston and Dallas are among the 11 American cities with the largest Hispanic populations . Vibrant Vietnamese communities are all along the Gulf Coast . Major cities have Spanish-language advertising , and have or soon will have sleek Latino-oriented shopping centers , like the new one on the fashionable southern side of Birmingham . The Asian presence in the medical , academic and business communities is substantial and growing , perhaps most notably in Baton Rouge , where Bobby Jindal , the governor of Louisiana and presidential candidate ( who is Asian-American , like Gov . Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina ) , works . Judging from the laws they are passing , Southern Republicans seem untroubled by Mitt Romney 's 17 percent of the minority vote in the last presidential election . It seems an overstatement to say that Southern Republicans are in outright denial about the fact that whites will be a minority in America around 2043 . It does seem fair to say that the national Republican Party is underreacting , and Southern Republicans seem to be especially resistant to appealing to their minority neighbors . … The statistical evidence shouts otherwise . “ Demography is destiny ” … [ The Dream World of the Southern Republicans , July 10 , 2015 ]
This kind of spite — they want to import a lot of immigrants to the South to vote Democratic to show those horrible Republicans who are really in charge — reminds me of Irish thinking c. 1167 A.D. :
Back then , one Irish lord , King Diarmait Mac Murchada of Leinster , was losing a struggle with another Irish nob , High King Ruaidri mac Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair . But King Diarmait had a great idea : he 'd ask King Henry II of England to send over some Norman knights to help them put that other Irishman in their place .
The Normans were Vikings who had conquered a chunk of France , learned French , then conquered England , to which they brought first names that might strike you as still rather familiar-sounding , like William and Henry . I.e. , they were super-scary guys . What could possibly go wrong if King Diarmait of the Foreigners invited some to Ireland ? What ? Were the English Normans going to conquer Ireland and own it for most of a millennium ? Hah ! Likely story …
Was the really important thing for the Irish to hang on to this nice green island they had out in the ocean so they could squabble over it themselves ? No , of course not . The truly important priority was to show High King Ruaidri mac Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair that they could n't push King Diarmait Mac Murchada of Leinster around . These cool new English underlings of King Diarmait 's would show High King Ruaidri who 's boss !
( CNN ) -- Six Baha ' i leaders in Iran were seized and imprisoned this week , the religious group said . The act prompted condemnation and concern from the movement and a top American religious freedom panel .
A U.S. panel says attacks on Iran 's Baha'is had increased since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became president .
Iranian intelligence agents searched the homes of the six on Wednesday and then whisked them away , according to the Baha ' i 's World News Service . The report said the six are in Evin prison and that the arrests follow the detention in March of another Baha ' i leader .
The Iranian Foreign Ministry could not immediately be reached for comment , and the incident has not been mentioned in Iran 's state-run media .
`` Their only crime is their practice of the Baha ' i faith , '' said Bani Dugal , the principal representative of the Baha ' i international community to the United Nations .
The U.S. State Department issued a statement Friday `` strongly '' condeming the arrests , which it said were `` a clear violation of the Iranian regime 's international commitments and obligations to respect international religious freedom norms .
`` We urge the authorities to release all Baha'is currently in detention and cease their ongoing harassment of the Iranian Baha ' i community , '' the U.S. statement said .
The group -- regarded as the largest non-Muslim religious minority in Iran -- says the arrests are reminiscent of roundups and killings of Baha'is that took place in Iran two decades ago .
`` Especially disturbing is how this latest sweep recalls the wholesale arrest or abduction of the members of two national Iranian Baha ' i governing councils in the early 1980s -- which led to the disappearance or execution of 17 individuals , '' Dugal said .
`` The early morning raids on the homes of these prominent Baha'is were well-coordinated , and it is clear they represent a high-level effort to strike again at the Baha'is and to intimidate the Iranian Baha ' i community at large , '' they added .
The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom -- a government panel that advises the president and Congress -- condemned the Wednesday arrests , as well as another in March . The commission chairperson called the acts the `` latest sign of the rapidly deteriorating status of religious freedom and other human rights in Iran . ''
The commission said the seven were members of an informal Baha ' i group that tended to the needs of the community after the Iranian government banned all formal Baha ' i activity in 1983 .
The commission chairperson , Michael Cromartie , echoed the fears that the `` development signals a return to the darkest days of repression in Iran in the 1980s when Baha'is were routinely arrested , imprisoned , and executed . ''
The Baha'is are regarded as `` apostates '' in Iran and have been persecuted there for years .
`` Since 1979 , Iranian authorities have killed more than 200 Baha ' i leaders , thousands have been arrested and imprisoned , and more than 10,000 have been dismissed from government and university jobs , '' the commission said .
The commission said that since President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came to power a few years ago , Baha'is `` have been harassed , physically attacked , arrested , and imprisoned . ''
`` During the past year , young Baha ' i schoolchildren in primary and secondary schools increasingly have been attacked , vilified , pressured to convert to Islam , and in some cases , expelled on account of their religion . ''
The commission said other groups in the predominantly Shiite Muslim country of Iran , such Sufis and Christians , are subject to intimidation and harassment . Ahmadinejad 's inflammatory statements about Israel have `` created a climate of fear '' among the country 's Jews .
The Baha'is said they have 5 million members across the globe , and about 300,000 in Iran .
The Baha'is said their faith `` is the youngest of the world 's independent religions '' and that its basic theme is that `` humanity is one single race and that the day has come for its unification in one global society . ''
They say their founder , Baha ' u'llah ( 1817-1892 ) , is regarded by Baha'is as `` the most recent in the line of Messengers of God that stretches back beyond recorded time and that includes Abraham , Moses , Buddha , Krishna , Zoroaster , Christ and Muhammad . ''
All About Iran • Islam • United Nations
There are typically three motives for firing your coach . The most common excuse for doing it is because the coach does n't win enough games . It happens all the time , and this is , by far , the most boring motivation .
I mean , anybody can be fired for being bad at their job , right ?
Then there are the times when a coach is fired simply because a better option has arisen . You know , like when you were in high school and dating that person who you thought was funny , but then suddenly the most popular kid in school asks you to the dance , and now that sense of humor is n't nearly as important .
Finally , there 's my favorite kind of firing . The fired ( or resigning ) in disgrace . Now , to be fair , there are two varieties of this type of dismissal as well . You have the Art Briles/Joe Paterno kind in which a lot of innocent people were hurt because of their negligence . This is not the kind I enjoy .
I like the ridiculous firings . Like what we saw with Hugh Freeze at Ole Miss earlier this week . I fully admit that my taking pleasure in these kinds of things says something about my character , but unlike some of these coaches , I 'm not going to pretend I 'm holier than thou . I 'm just a guy laughing at somebody 's misfortune .
It might not be honorable , but it is n't uncommon , either .
So for this week 's Friday Five , I 'm ranking five coaches who lost their job under humorous ( to me , anyway ) circumstances .
5 . Carl Pelini , Florida Atlantic : You may not remember this one because Florida Atlantic is n't exactly a program that receives a lot of national attention , but it found itself getting plenty of it after firing Carl Pelini .
Pelini and defensive coordinator Pete Rekstis both resigned in November 2013 after attending a social event in which folks were smoking the Mary Jane . The chronic . The sticky icky . The ganj . That wacky tobaccy . Hippie lettuce .
Now , people smoking weed at parties is not an uncommon phenomenon , but the problem stemmed from Pelini and Rekstis allegedly playing the role of The Doobie Brothers themselves .
When players smoke weed , it 's a one-game suspension for a violation of team rules . When the coaches do , it 's their jobs .
4 . Hugh Freeze , Ole Miss : We 're still really early in the process here , and as time passes and possibly more revelations reach the surface , this could end up climbing the rankings . Whatever happens , we 're already off to a rollicking start here , are n't we ?
When reports first surfaced that Freeze 's job could be in jeopardy because of new information , the natural inclination was to believe it had to be related to the current NCAA investigation at Ole Miss . I mean , Freeze had already been hit with that lack of institutional control charge , so it made sense .
Little did we know Freeze had lost institutional control of their phone as well .
Then the reports about a phone call to an escort surface popped up . This was interesting for sure , but it was also possible we had a misdial here . And then the press conference started .
That 's where Ole Miss athletic director Ross Bjork talked about reviewing Freeze 's phone records and finding `` a pattern of personal misconduct . '' Chancellor Jeffrey Vitter said that Ole Miss could n't `` accept the conduct in their personal life . ''
Now , neither would go into specifics , but it does n't take some hardened detective to figure out what was going on here .
3 . Mike Price , Alabama : Let 's make one thing clear : Hugh Freeze is not the first SEC West coach to lose their job under nefarious circumstances .
When you think of Alabama now , you think of Nick Saban and their band of killer robots from outer space crushing all that get in their way , winning SEC titles and national championships , but it has n't always been that way in Tuscaloosa .
In fact , before Saban showed up , things were looking rather bleak . After Gene Stallings retired , Mike DuBose took over and was incredibly mediocre . They were then replaced by Dennis Franchione , who was doing quite well before deciding to leave for Texas A & M after their second year . Why did Franchione go ? Well , they did n't want to deal with the NCAA trouble from DuBose 's tenure .
And who replaced Franchione ? Why that would be Mike Price , who never coached a single game at Alabama before being let go .
Price was hired in December 2002 and made it all the way to May 2003 -- so they got through spring practice at least -- before losing their job . That 's what tends to happen when you 're spotted hanging out at a strip club in Pensacola , Florida . Now , while it 's a bad look , going to a strip club probably should n't be a fireable offense .
When an `` unknown woman '' racks up $ 1,000 in charges to your room , however , that changes things a bit . Especially when you 've already been warned about hanging out in bars around campus until the wee hours of the morning , as Price had been .
2 . Bobby Petrino , Arkansas : I do n't even think I have to recap the story of what happened here . Simply posting this photo should be more than enough .
USATSI
Just in case you need a refresher , Petrino was involved in a motorcycle accident in April 2012 . Thankfully , while they suffered the injuries seen above , they are n't hurt seriously . Also , they were alone on the bike .
Or at least that 's what they wanted you to believe .
Petrino initially claimed they were alone on the bike , but the police report on the accident stated differently . Petrino had a passenger , and that passenger was Jessica Dorrell . Dorrell had been an All-SEC volleyball player at Arkansas but was now serving as the student-athlete development coordinator for the football program . I do n't know what that title means , either , but Dorrell got the job in March of 2012 .
So before the police report that showed Dorrell was a passenger on the bike was released , Petrino came clean . Not only was they on the motorcycle with him , but Petrino -- who was married -- was having a relationship with Dorrell .
An investigation following this revelation found that Petrino had also given Dorrell $ 20,000 as a Christmas gift , which is an excellent present in my opinion . Better than anything Santa ever brought me .
Still , for Arkansas , this was the last straw , and it fired Petrino shortly after .
Petrino returned to coaching at Western Kentucky for the 2013 season and spent only one year there before returning to Louisville .
1 . Woody Hayes , Ohio State : Now , let 's make one thing clear : coaches should not punch players . It does n't matter if the player is on your team or the other team . Punching them is n't cool .
Having said that , I have never once watched the video of Woody Hayes punching Clemson 's Charlie Bauman and not laughed . It 's just the absurdity of it all .
Bauman intercepted a pass late in the 1978 Gator Bowl , sealing what would be a 17-15 win for Clemson over the Buckeyes ( it was a much closer game than last year 's Fiesta Bowl ) . Now , Woody Hayes being Woody Hayes , this angered him . All losses angered Woody Hayes .
But Bauman made a fatal mistake ! They made the mistake of being tackled out of bounds near Woody Hayes , and Hayes had to teach them a lesson .
And that 's when the 65-year old Hayes punched Bauman in the throat . Or at least , they tried to . What I find funny about this incident is the idea of Hayes not only deciding to punch somebody over 40 years younger than him , but someone who is also wearing a bunch of pads and helmets at the time .
Like , what do you think that punch is going to accomplish ?
As crazy as it was , it still was n't enough to satisfy Woody 's rage . After throat-chopping Bauman , a fight started on the field -- naturally -- and Hayes went out there looking for more . Hayes went after a referee , and after one of their players had tried to restrain him , they turned on their player too .
Ohio State was n't exactly OK with all of this , and Hayes was fired the next morning .
Honorable mention : George O'Leary , Notre Dame ; Jim Tressel , Ohio State
Former U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. filed for divorce Monday from former Ald . Sandi Jackson , according to Cook County court records .
Jackson Jr. , 51 , cited in the filing irreconcilable differences after 25 years of marriage . They request that the couple 's two children , age 16 and 12 , `` reside with him , subject to Sandi 's exercise of reasonable parenting time . ''
Their attorney could not be reached for comment Monday evening .
The Jacksons were a Democratic power couple until being brought down by a federal investigation that led to convictions and prison time for both .
They were found guilty of looting about $ 750,000 from their federal campaign treasury , spending the money on vacations , furs , celebrity memorabilia and two mounted elk heads , among other things .
Former U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. and their wife , Sandi , are sentenced Aug. 14 , 2013 , for separate felonies related to misspending campaign funds .
Sandi Jackson left a federal prison camp in West Virginia in September , where they had been serving a one-year sentence for filing false income tax returns . They began their prison sentence after their husband finished serving 22 months of a 30-month sentence .
Jackson Jr. was in Congress from 1995 until they quit in 2012 amid the criminal investigation and treatment for bipolar disorder and depression . They are the son of civil rights leader the Rev . Jesse Jackson .
Sandi Jackson was Chicago 's 7th Ward alderman from 2007 until they resigned in 2013 .
nmoreno @ chicagotribune.com
Twitter @ nereidamorenos
My rematch Santa has been so sweet . They kept in contact through the exchange , and definitely sent some very thoughtful books . They read that I am a home-baker , pastry enthusiast , and that I am very fond of curling up with a beautiful , well-written cookbook . I have browsed many Culinary Institute of America cookbooks , unsure of where I would even begin my collection , and Santa definitely made my choice for me , and what a choice it was ! Pies and tarts ! It 's like Santa knew that I have been a little intimidated by pie crust ( such a basic thing , I know ! ) so now I definitely have some major tips , tricks , and recipes at my fingertips . I LOVE holidays and baking for them , so I can not wait to perfect my pies for holiday meals ! Woot !
The next book ( The Sweet Life in Paris ) I had never heard of , but , as a big Francophile , I can not wait to sit in my big cushy chair with a cup of tea and take this book in .
Also , my Santa threw in a package of Frozen stickers ! I ca n't wait to share these with my Frozen-obsessed child and preschool students : )
Thank you so much , Santa ! You are amazing and I really appreciate your selflessness as a Rematch Santa .
306 shares
On July 15 , the North Korea-bound cargo ship Chong Chon Gang was stopped by Panamanian authorities outside the Panama Canal . Within the containers on board , missile parts , fire control radars , and two Russian MiGs were found stuffed inside by authorities .
The contraband was hidden underneath ten thousand pounds of Cuban brown sugar .
After three weeks near the equator exposed to the atmosphere , the sugar has apparently now turned into a sticky , molten mess with overtones of urine , mold , body odor , and rotten food . “ To call that thing filthy would be a compliment , ” said Panamanian Security Minister JosÃ© RaÃºl Mulino in a report from the Miami Herald .
For the inspectors who are tasked with combing through this vessel , it 's a tall order . An extraordinarily tall order considering the ship has now attracted every bee within smell range of the Chong Chon Gang .
According to NKNews and La Prensa , the Panamania Ministry of Health is now fumigating daily to help get rid of the bees and authorities are scrambling to find somewhere else to store the sugary mess while the inspection is carried out .
Bee image ( c ) Shutterstock/Van Truan
This week , the U.S. Energy Information Agency forecast that oil production in the country 's two largest fracking patches — Bakken in North Dakota and Eagle Ford in Texas — will actually decline this month . To those who have been watching the agony of the oil patch with clear eyes , this had all the shock value of a soaked weather forecaster , standing in a downpour , predicting rain . But it had no effect at all on the Glad News Bears , the relentless chanters of “ Do n't Worry , Be Happy , ” and “ Ai n't Gon na Rain No More , No More . ”
By Glad News Bears I mean the people who have been successfully spun by the propaganda juggernaut run by the Masters of the Fracking Universe and their financial-engineer accomplices . It is they who invented and sold the idea of a renaissance of the American oil bidness that would lead to energy independence and total world domination ( cue the insane laughter ) . They sold it to the riverboat gamblers who comprise the financial industry these days , who for five years have lavished other peoples ' money in unlimited quantities on anyone who could even pronounce “ hydraulic fracturing ; ” they sold it to the corporate news industry , which as usual demonstrated all the reserve , dignity and critical faculties of a drunken football cheerleader ; and , it goes without saying , they sold it to a gullible public , who seems to want nothing more than to watch Dancing With the Stars , undisturbed .
Grace under pressure is one thing , but this is something else . As the conflagration consumes the fracking industry , and spreads to the high-yield bond markets and the subprime lenders , and threatens the entire banking industry and the stock market , the Glad News Bears warble on . For example :
Everything will be fine when the prices go back up . It 's just another temporary bust in a boom-and-bust industry , we 've seen it all before . The producers will just hunker down , wait until prices come back up , and everything goes back to normal . This ignores the fact that every player in the fracking patch — every single one — is up to its eyeballs in debt . It is now mathematically impossible for most of them to ever repay what they owe , but to keep going they to have to pay the interest , and roll the old debt over into new when it comes due . Wait until prices come back up ? If you find that your mortgage payment exceeds your income , you ca n't just put everything on hold for a few years until things get better .
Low gas prices are good for the economy because people will have more money to spend . Not only is there no evidence for this , it is an illogical proposition . People have exactly the same amount of money to spend when gas is at $ 4 as when it is at $ 2 . That they get to spend it on food , or cigarettes or lottery tickets instead of gas may mean a marginal improvement in the urgency of their choices , but it does not mean that their income increases or that the economy as a whole improves . It means mainly that they drive more miles and get bigger cars .
So what if the frackers go out of business ? It 's a nasty , polluting industry that we wo n't miss , it 's only a tiny fraction of the U.S. economy . Similarly , Glad News Bears wondered back in 2008 who was going to miss the hedge funds and the subprime mortgage hucksters ( turns out we never got much of a chance to miss them , they were back in business about a week after the Crash of ‘ 09 ) . When they flamed out , we did n't miss them , we missed the pension funds and 401 ( k ) s and portfolios and homes and lives they took down with them . The money at risk right now in the oil patch is estimated to be twice the amount that was at risk in ‘ 09 . It 's not just their end of the boat that 's sinking .
We can handle it . The stock market 's up , job creation is up , unemployment is down , consumer confidence is high . The glass is half full . That glass does n't have any water in it at all . Price/earning ratios on publicly traded stock have swelled , balloon-like , to twice what is normal and prudent ( almost always happens just before a crash ) . Along with extreme volatility , today 's unnaturally high valuations are signs of sickness , not health . While we are creating about 250,000 jobs a month ( most of them food service ) , last month 375,000 people left the work force . They gave up . They 're still out there , jobless , but they are no longer part of the statistic . The unemployment rate cooked up by the government has been branded by no less than the Gallup organization as a sham . Consumer confidence is what the television tells it to be .
Like the orchestra playing on the submerging deck of the Titanic , the Glad News Bears singing while the economy goes up in flames might sound nice , but it sure does n't make much sense .
The White House deputy chief of staff for policy , Rick Dearborn , left , and senior policy adviser Stephen Miller . AP Photo/Susan Walsh A top aide to President Donald Trump passed along information about a person who wanted to set up a meeting between Trump campaign officials and Russian President Vladimir Putin , CNN reported on Wednesday , citing people with direct knowledge of the matter .
According to CNN , Rick Dearborn , who is now Trump 's deputy chief of staff , sent information to campaign officials last year about the effort , which was not previously reported .
Dearborn was skeptical about the request , CNN 's senior congressional reporter , Manu Raju , said in an interview on Wednesday evening .
The person mentioned in the email was identified only with `` WV . '' One of CNN 's sources said it was a reference to a contact in West Virginia .
The report said the email came around the same time as a June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower among Donald Trump Jr. , the president 's eldest son ; Jared Kushner , Trump 's son-in-law who 's now a senior White House adviser ; Paul Manafort , the campaign chairperson ; and a Russian lawyer with ties to the Kremlin .
The email represents another example of Russia 's attempts to make inroads with the Trump campaign during the 2016 presidential election . Russian operatives reportedly targeted Carter Page , who was briefly a foreign-policy adviser to the campaign , as a potential opening to Trump 's inner circle .
Page , along with Manafort and Michael Flynn , the former national security adviser , had documented contacts with Russian operatives before and after they joined the Trump campaign . All of them have denied engaging in any untoward interactions with the Kremlin on behalf of the campaign .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has come under scrutiny in recent months for their previously undisclosed talks with the Russian ambassador to the US , Sergey Kislyak , during the campaign . They did not mention during their Senate confirmation hearings earlier this year that they had such discussions , but later said they did indeed meet with Kislyak on several occasions .
A special counsel , Robert Mueller , is leading the FBI 's ongoing investigation into Russia 's meddling in the 2016 presidential election .
Victoria Hamilton - who plays the steely Queen Mother in Netflix hit The Crown - has assured viewers that the hugely-anticipated second season will be just as `` wonderful '' as the first .
The Doctor Foster actor was attending the 2017 TV BAFTA Awards in London 's Southbank as they unveiled what little they could about Peter Morgan 's follow-up drama , and whether they have heard what the Royal family might make of it .
`` It 's all very hush hush [ with the Royal family ] - the way the palace operates is 'no comment ' . I would love to know what they think , '' they told Harper 's Bazaar UK . `` I think it 's very clever that it 's not fawning - it 's not quite the royalist show where we love our royal family .
Netflix
`` Peter [ Morgan ] has written them so humanely that you ca n't help but get emotionally involved in it . I think that has surprised me , how emotionally involved you get with the characters . ''
Hamilton went on : `` I 'm not allowed to [ say very much about season 2 ] or I will get shot ! But it will be as wonderful as the first , if not more wonderful . ''
The current cast will be replaced by older actors in the third installment as it continues to move forward in time , with Hamilton revealing which actor they have in mind for an older Queen Mother .
`` I 'd love Abigail McKern , but I do n't know who it will be . I will be fascinated to find out who it will be , '' they added .
McKern most recently starred in The Night Manager and Midsomer Murders , and is arguably best known for The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby .
Despite being nominated for five TV BAFTA Awards last night , the cast and crew went home empty handed .
Happy Valley 's Sarah Lancashire honoured The Crown 's Claire Foy as they picked up Best Actress , describing Foy 's turn as the Queen as `` subtle '' yet `` sensational '' .
The Crown season 2 returns to Netflix later this year .
SAN DIEGO - An Amazon Prime delivery truck caught fire on northbound Interstate 15 at Miramar Way Tuesday , prompting lane closures and creating a traffic backup that extended into the evening commute .
The incident was reported shortly before 1:30 p.m. , according to the California Highway Patrol . A Sig Alert was issued due to the emergency response and subsequent traffic backup .
To alleviate traffic , Caltrans opened the Express lanes to all northbound I-15 traffic.At about 6:15 p.m. , all northbound I-15 lanes at Miramar Way were reopened .
The semi trailer was left on the freeway overnight after efforts to remove it proved difficult . A crew was expected to return Wednesday morning to try to dismantle the trailer piece by piece , which might impact commuters .
Check traffic conditions
On Tuesday , the truck pulled over as fire crews arrived at the scene , and a CHP camera appeared to show the truck fully engulfed as crews worked to put out the flames .
BREAKING - Dramatic new video of the Amazon truck fire that 's snarling traffic on I-15 ! ! ! NEXT @ 10News 4PM pic.twitter.com/d0FcP4lzMK — Anne State ( @ annestate ) December 13 , 2016
The fire completely destroyed the truck , which was empty at the time . The cause of the fire is under investigation .
Got holiday guests ? 5 great spots to take them in San Diego
An Amazon official told 10News the driver was not hurt , and no other injuries were immediately reported . By 7 p.m. Tuesday , the cab of the truck had been removed from the scene but the rest was left behind .
UPDATED : Burned Amazon semi too fragile to tow . Will be removed in the am piece by piece @ 10News pic.twitter.com/Nm4C1JQqsi — Rachel Bianco ( @ 10NewsRBianco ) December 14 , 2016
On Wednesday , an Amazon official issued this statement to 10News : `` We are grateful everyone is safe and we appreciate the efforts of local responders . We 're working directly with the carrier to understand what occurred . ''
Amazon confirmed that the truck 's trailer `` was not carrying customer packages . ''
As we approach our token sale , we wanted to give the community more background on our Advisory Board . These are the people who have dedicated their time and expertise into helping us build the first decentralized VR platform .
Decentraland is poised to disrupt numerous markets . Some , like social networking , are already massive . Others , like VR , are just getting started . We 're very pleased to have four veterans from a wide range of industries supporting Decentraland 's development .
Xiaolai Li — Founder at INBlockchain
Xiaolai Li
Founder at INBlockchain
One of the largest holders of BTC , Li Xiaolai is the founder of INBlockchain , China 's premiere blockchain venture firm . Xiaolai is also the cofounder of Yunbi , one of the world 's largest cryptocurrency exchanges , and Press.One , a decentralized publishing platform . Prior to INBlockchain Inc , Xiaolai was also an early investor in EOS , Sia , and ZCash .
Xiaolai provides the Decentraland team with the expertised required to enter the crypto markets in Asia .
Jake Brukhman — Co-founder at CoinFund
Jake Brukham
Co-founder at CoinFund
Before co-founding Coinfund — a blockchain research company and private investment vehicle — Jake was a Partner and CTO at Triton Research , an intelligence platform for research on private companies .
Jake provides the Decentraland team with expertise in token sales , token mechanics , economics , investor relationships , and more .
Luis Cuende — Project Lead at Aragon
Luis Cuende
Project Lead at Aragon
Despite their young age , Aragon 's Luis Cuende is one of the most respected leaders in the blockchain industry . Luis was named the best underage European programmer in 2011 , is a Forbes 30 Under 30 , an MIT TR35 , and was an Advisor to the VP of the European Commission . Luis was the co-founder of Tim Draper-backed blockchain startup Stampery . Their project Aragon recently raised $ 25 million in ETH in a mission to disintermediate business by providing a platform for decentralized organizations .
Luis provides the Decentraland team with expertise in smart contracts , decentralized governance , network effects , and product vision .
Diego Duval — Former CTO at Ning
Diego Doval
Former CTO at Ning
Diego Doval is the creator of n3xt , an upcoming productivity platform . Prior to n3xt , Doval was CTO of Ning , Inc , the company founded by Marc Andreessen , helping it grow from launch to 100 million users . They recently co-authored the Andreessen-Horowitz AI Playbook .
A computer science PhD specialized in self-organizing networks , Diego provides the Decentraland team with expertise in consumer-facing social platforms , large-scale software systems , self-organizing networks , peer to peer technologies , and dynamic systems .
Next Steps
We 're currently busy getting ready for our upcoming token sale . We hope you 'll join us .
Explore Your New World
Discover more by joining our Slack channel . Subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive content and insider announcements .
King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard . It 's a name you wo n't soon forget , but also a name that maybe has you squinting your eyes in skepticism , and rightfully so : What could a band with a name like that sound like ? A cartoon ? The Beatles ? A heavy metal house band from a Star Wars cantina ? The answer is : all of that , and then some . Lead singer Stu Mackenzie would n't say any of that , though — they would n't say much at all , actually . He 's at a loss for words when asked to describe the music of their band .
And you ca n't really blame him . Not only is the music on the Australian band 's newest album , Nonagon Infinity , dark and pulsating and foreboding , it 's also , paradoxically , a ton of fun . The thing is , that description does n't necessarily work for the seven albums that came before it . They 're at times bursting with funk and swimming in eccentricities , but each is distinct — an already impressive achievement that becomes doubly so when you realize they were all released in the span of five years .
Mackenzie 's not quite so speechless when asked about their band name , which began as a joke . They concede that it 's worked against them , and that it 's silly , but adds , “ there 's nothing wrong with being silly. ” And that 'd be a good enough descriptor for the band 's aesthetic , but it 'd also be an unfair one . Because King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard is more fun than silly . And there 's certainly nothing wrong with fun , especially when it 's done so well as it is on Nonagon Infinity .
This album — the band 's eighth , though it does have nine songs , hence the title — is fun as hell , despite the fact that it sounds like the horrorshow of a face melting . But the “ coolest ” thing about it is that it plays as a perfect , infinite loop . The record can be played front-to-back-to-front-to-back and the sound wo n't break . It sounds like a gimmick , but it feeds the intensity of the music , if you can believe it . And so what if it is a gimmick ? Has it been done before ? Not that I know of . And so maybe , more than anything else , King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard are a band of firsts .
We talked to Mackenzie about the new album , their non-musical inspirations , their need to experiment , and , as an outsider , what they think of this currently bizarre political climate in the U.S. Oh , and also , how they feel being saddled with that Lizard Wizard name .
So , how did you come up with the idea for something that could loop infinitely ?
Thinking back , I guess , a year and half or two years ago now , when we made I 'm In Your Mind Fuzz , that had some kind of similar things in there , the first four or five tracks all kind of link up and sort of do n't stop in that way and have recurring themes , sort of like one big song . While we were making that record , we wanted to make a new record that did n't stop and was kind of like one big song . We lost track a little bit and wrote songs that did n't quite fit in , and half-abandoned the idea . This record was us just trying to do that again .
The looping thing is something we thought of later , where we thought , well , if all of these songs are going to link together and be just one long sequence , what 's gon na happen when we get to the nine track ? It 's got ta link somewhere . It was a logical next step .
What was the recording process for this like ? Was it more complicated to make sure everything lined up ?
That was the most difficult thing we 've ever done , was putting this piece together . More rehearsal than we 've ever done before . There 's not really any kind of time stretching . We recorded all of the tracks more or less separately , but we would play the first 30 seconds of one track as well as the last 30 seconds or so of the previous track . Recording was actually less painful than the conceptualizing it and rehearsal process , definitely .
Well , it 's impressive , it almost sounds like you just played it straight through , live .
Great , that was the idea ! We would 've maybe played it all the way through if we maybe had a few more weeks of practice . It was genuinely hard to remember all of the parts .
Yeah , these are n't simple songs . Tell me about the drum solo in “ Gamma Knife. ” Not enough songs have drum solos these days .
Cavs [ Michael Cavanagh ] is a brilliant drummer , but he 's very modest . He 's not an ego drummer who wants to do a big solo . I actually remembered about two years ago , but they were like [ adopts meek voice ] “ No , no , I do n't want to do a drum solo. ” And then I think when this song came around , it 's got that kind of like — maybe 11/8 or a bar of six and a bar of five in a row ? — so , I think they had this thing where this guitar thing was happening where they could do like a drum solo or drum break that was n't really self-indulgent . It took a bit of convincing , which I guess is a testament to their low ego .
You usually play a bunch of instruments on your songs — what 'd you play on this album ?
There are n't many weird instruments on this album . “ Wah Wah ” has a zurna in it . It 's like a Turkish flute — I 'm not sure what you 'd call it in a Western sense . It 's a long wooden flute type thing with a reed — you can bend the notes on it . It 's a real wild instrument . It 's got kind of a snake charmer sound , but it 's not actually a snake charming kind of thing .
You named a song “ Wah Wah. ” Did you feel any pressure to live up to the George Harrison song of the same name ?
Definitely ! I 'm a Harrison fan , so there was always that in the back of my head . The rough title was always “ Wah Wah , ” because that 's kind of like what it keeps saying , and it keeps crying , and it 's got a wah pedal . So the rough title was always “ Wah Wah. ” The whole time , I was worrying about changing the name , or changing the chorus , but it just never happened .
The songs on this album are a bit faster and definitely darker than on past albums . Was that something you did consciously or did it just develop with the concept of the album ?
I wanted the songs to start off loose , and over a long period of time to evolve . We played a lot of these songs for about a year before we recorded them . The more we played them they just got faster and faster and faster , and kind of louder and more abrasive .
The record took on this persona as this kind of evil , fast thing .
You 've kind of balked at being labeled psych rock — if you had to label your music , how would you ?
It 's hard to be all-encompassing . Maybe not in the traditional sense , but , at least to me , every record we 've made has been experimental . Even if it 's just trying to experiment with an idea that 's been done before , but that we have n't done . But , then , I do n't know , I guess we 're not even experimental .
Every single song we 've ever made has always been motivated by , “ Let 's try this , that sounds fun , we have n't done this yet. ” Or , let 's try this because — what is it ? I do n't know .
I ca n't get the psych label . Especially if you listen to a record like Paper Mache [ Dream Balloon ] . Maybe it sounds like late '60s , but it does n't have effects in it .
The psych label has kind of gotten watered down to the point where people just have a really vague idea of what it is , so a lot of stuff falls under it now . It 's kind of an easy signifier at this point .
Yeah , I mean , to me , the way people label psych is pretty much every band that plays guitars and does n't necessarily fit into an easy genre of like soul or metal . If you 're just not “ normal , ” and you play guitar , people call you psych .
I have to ask you about your name . Do you regret the name , or do you think it 's worked to your advantage at this point , having such a unique name ?
I definitely think it 's been to our disadvantage , but that 's fine . I do n't know , I guess , you know , when the band started , the band did n't mean anything to anyone , so we did n't really care what the name was , or anything like that . So we obviously did n't think about it very hard . But , it is what it is . We obviously would never change it ; it 's kind of too late for that .
And it 's sort of silly , but that 's fine . There 's nothing wrong with being silly .
Your name , the aesthetic , and your lyrics kind of inspire this sense that you all consume a lot of culture outside of the band . What are you into right now ?
As far as things that came into play on Nonagon , I ca n't think of much . Frank Herbert 's Dune , and dystopian . I 'm kind of like a sci-fi geek in terms of film and literature . Dark , futuristic . That theme runs through the record in a lot of ways , lyrically and musically .
You 're touring in the U.S. at a really silly time , politically . What 's your perspective on the election , as an outsider ?
I mean , I 'm Bernie all the way . But , my political opinion is irrelevant . It 's definitely crazy . You 're in New York , right ?
Yeah .
Did n't just they finish up with the counts there ?
We had the election yesterday .
Was it Hillary ?
Yeah , they won .
I do n't know so much , but that would 've been my prediction . They seem like one echelon more sane than Trump .
Which is really all we can hope for at this point . And , in other insane news , you guys are playing in North Carolina soon . With the boycotts happening over the House Bill 2 law , I was curious if you had an opinion ?
I felt like we were playing in Asheville , which , from my experience of only ever being there once , does n't really feel like North Carolina . We 're traveling with a few guys — not necessarily in our band — will be effected by that stuff , in theory . It pisses me off .
I do n't necessarily feel like us not playing is gon na do any good , I do n't know . It 's real tough . Asheville does n't feel like North Carolina , but the laws are still in effect there . It 's super tough , man .
We 'll play , and speak to the people there — they 're the relevant people to connect with . It 's more powerful than not going .
A Minneapolis school board member apologized Wednesday for how they worded comments regarding Southwest students while they argued at a board meeting last week against expanding the school .
`` Building how many more classrooms for high school , when 50 percent , when the most important kids we want to invest in are n't there , '' Carla Bates said in part , prompting some pushback from Southwest parents .
`` I went back to my statement and went , 'wow. ! '' Bates said after issuing a statement clarifying their intent . They said they apologized because they did n't want the reaction to how they made their point to undermine the legitimacy of their arguments against the expansion proposal .
`` I do n't want to become a lightning rod for , `` see , the district really does n't like Southwest ' '' Bates said in an interview .
`` I first of all want to assure everyone that I am a strong advocate for all our children in all parts of the city , '' they said .
Southwest , which has the smallest share of low-income students among the district 's seven big high schools , leads those schools in graduation rate , ACT scores , and going on to college . The school enrolled a count of 1,662 students , and district administrators proposed a 450-student addition to the school at an very preliminary estimated cost of $ 47 million . Some parents also have questioned that approach to handling an expected enrollment bulge in southwest Minneapolis
Bates argued that investment in added school space does n't make sense when so much learning is shifting online . They also argued that Washburn is a more appropriate site for an addition because of its more central location and the size of the campus it shares with Ramsey Middle School . And they suggested that improvements at Roosevelt High School , which have yet to show up in the district 's statistical measures of performance , will draw more students there . `` I think Roosevelt is poised to become one of the best schools in the city , '' they said . That might require redrawing the Washburn-Southwest boundary , they added in an interview , but they could be phased in .
Bates cited several factors in an interview that make them optimistic about Roosevelt ; good leadership , engaged staff , a strong IB with diverse composition .
`` I think that putting $ 40 million at Southwest is looking backward instead of looking forward , '' Bates said at the board meeting . `` I 'm very concerned , very very very concerned , about the Southwest proposal because of the money , because of the location of the school , because of how secondary [ school ] is changing . '' .
`` Nothing to see here . Please disperse ! '' That classic scene from the film The Naked Gun - when cop Frank Drebin tells the assembled crowd there 's not really much going on - while behind them a fireworks factory is exploding and people are fleeing in all directions - springs readily to mind when we consider recent developments in American politics .
In Like Flynn !
We were told that the indictment of former National Security Advisor General Michael Flynn — who admitted they had lied about a phone call they made to the Russian Ambassador during the so-called 'transition period ' — would prove conclusively that Donald Trump was in bed with the Russkies . 'Russiagate ' would be proved once and for all .
But — embarrassingly for the US 's Russophobic political and media establishment the collusion with a foreign power that the case has exposed is not collusion with Russia — but with Israel .
© AP Photo / Pablo Martinez Monsivais Forget Russia , Israel Actual Foreign Power Collaborating With Team Trump
The biggest story of the year — is suddenly not very big any more . It 's been quite hilarious to see pundits who were getting terribly excited about the 'smoking gun ' that Flynn 's indictment would reveal lose their interest in the story as it took a dramatic 'wrong ' turn — and implicated the 'wrong ' country . Embarrassingly , it 's a country that almost the entire US media and political elite are strong supporters of .
Flynn 's phone call was revelatory alright but not in the ways the Russophobes had hoped for .
The General first of all urged the Russian Ambassador not to retaliate for the new sanctions that the outgoing Obama administration had imposed on Russia . In the words of Max Blumenthal — `` Flynn was caught trying to influence Russia , not the other way around . '' The Russians did not escalate the situation .
Flynn then proposed greater US-Russian co-operation in fighting ISIS and al-Qaeda in Syria . Again , what was so scandalous about that ?
But what was certainly controversial : the equivalent of Naked Gun 's exploding firework factory , was Flynn 's lobbying of Russia to use its veto to block the passing of a UNSC Resolution condemning the growth of Israel 's settlements .
`` On or about 22nd December 2016 , Flynn contacted the Russian Ambassador about the pending vote . Flynn informed the Russian Ambassador about the incoming administration 's opposition to the resolution , and requested that Russia vote against or delay the resolution'… on or about December 23rd 2016 , Flynn again spoke with the Russian Ambassador , who informed Flynn that if it came to a vote Russia would not vote against the resolution… '' the Statement of Offense against Flynn declares .
Flynn made their request about the UN vote at the behest of Trump 's son-in-law and top advisor Jared Kushner , who has strong links to Israel — links which investigative journalist Max Blumenthal documents here .
Russiagate has morphed into Israelgate . The New York Times reported on 1st December :
`` Mr. Mueller 's investigators have learned through witnesses and documents that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel asked the Trump transition team to lobby other countries to help Israel , according to two people briefed on the inquiry . Investigators have learned that Mr. Flynn and Mr. Kushner took the lead in those efforts….Mr . Mueller 's team has emails that show Mr. Flynn saying they would work to kill the vote , the people briefed on the matter said . ''
Furthermore , the Guardian reported , how on 23rd December 2016 , the day after Flynn talked to the Russian Ambassador , an unnamed Israeli official had told CNN that their country did 'reach out ' to President-elect Trump about the vote .
Trump did indeed speak out to condemn the UN vote .
The revelations should have made front page across the world . But guess what — they have n't . We can only imagine the furor if the 'reaching out ' country had been Russia — and if Flynn had called other countries to kill a UN vote on Russia 's behalf .
READ MORE : Analyst : Trump Team Colluded with Israel , Not Russia , in Flynn-Kislyak Talks
Given how accommodating he 's been towards Israel — even before officially taking office — some are now asking the question : Did Israel work to get Donald Trump elected ?
The truth is that in the 2016 Presidential election — as in previous elections — it could n't really lose because of the strength of the pro-Israel lobby in both Republican and Democratic camps .
The New York Times tells us that Trump 's announcement that the US would move its embassy to Jerusalem `` was extremely popular with evangelicals and pro-Israel backers , including the casino magnate Sheldon Adelson , who donated $ 25 million to a political action committee supporting Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign . '' The paper also tells us that Adelson `` expressed anger when Mr Trump signed the waiver to keep the embassy in Tel Aviv . ''
But if you think it 's all a right-wing Republican plot , then consider too that Democrat Chuck Schumer , Senate minority leader , said they advised the President to declare Jerusalem the 'undivided ' capital of Israel .
Moreover , Trump 's beaten opponent in last year 's Presidential race , Hillary Clinton , had been calling for Jerusalem to be recognized as Israel 's undivided capital since as far back as 1999 .
Then they had declared : `` If I am chosen by New Yorkers to be their senator , or in whatever position I find myself in the years to come , you can be sure that I will be an active , committed advocate for a strong and secure Israel , able to live in peace with its neighbors , with the United States Embassy located in its capital , Jerusalem . ''
In fact , there is a strong argument for them saying that . Hillary — because of their more hawkish line on 'regime change ' in Syria — would have been a 'better ' President for Israel supporters than Trump , which could explain why so many leading neocons and committed Zionists supported them and opposed the Donald .
Trump 's support of Israel is in many ways more honest than the same level of support it gets from Democrats who try to sugar-coat the pill with progressive platitudes about the 'rights of the Palestinians ' and 'two ' state solutions , ' which do n't mean anything .
Because of the strength of the pro-Israel lobby the US was never really an honest 'peace-broker ' in the Middle East — as some , including Labour 's Shadow Foreign Secretary Emily Thornberry , have claimed this week . The US has almost always favored the Israeli side .
Now , because of Trump and Kushner that support is more open for all to see .
'Israelgate ' should n't really surprise us because attempts by the pro-Israel-lobby to influence US foreign policy in the country 's favour have been going on for years . It happened before Trump and it 'll happen after him .
And that 's what makes the current McCarthyite hysteria about unproven 'Russian interference ' in American politics so hypocritical — especially when you bear in mind that its often pro-Israel commentators of the so-called 'liberal-left ' who are at the forefront of the relentless anti-Russia campaign .
Repeat After Me , folks : 'Unproven Russian collusion — Bad ! Impose more sanctions on Moscow ! Evidence of Israeli involvement — nothing to see here . Please disperse ! '
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik .
Follow Neil Clark on Twitter
Support their AntiStalker Crowdfund
The 'Infrared EP ' is to be a modern day classic with six tracks . Danjah enlisted features from the UK 's exciting producers , Swifta Beater , Sir Spyro & P Jam . The title track 'Infrared ' kicks of the EP with its mesmerising synth riff and intense one drop bass accompanied by the drums that draws you in as the tune progresses . The second track 'Swift Danger ' is a menacing brutal track which features Birmingham 's Swifta Beater , hence the track title . 'Brass Off ' is one that TD would have made in 2003 with a modern twist . On 'TBC ' TD calls upon longtime family friend Sir Spyro for this saxophone master class . 'Time Piece ' glides like a well maintained sports car , the percussion is hypnotic . 'End Game ' rounds of the EP with a smooth laid back vibe , with their long time collaborator and label mate P Jam .
Randy Hill , Fox Sports Arizona 's fantastic Suns beat writer , has provided us some very important details about the new wrinkles to Alvin Gentry 's system . As we all know , Steve Nash basketball has been pick and roll basketball . With inarguably the best pick and roll point guard ever to lick their fingers now in L.A. threading balls to other ballers , it 's time for a change in Phoenix .
In comes the Corner offense which Hill , who is also a basketball coach and player development pro , describes this way :
New-look Suns have Dragic in their corner
The base system is known as the `` Corner '' offense , and – although Adelman once had former Princeton coach Pete Carril on their coaching staff in Sacramento – the structure is not as close to the Princeton offense as many have assumed . With more high-post action , the Corner has some similarities to the Triangle .
These changes are n't totally out of the blue even if they do make perfect sense with the addition of four recent Adelman players ( Dragic , Scola , Beasley , Johnson ) .
Over the past few years we 've seen Gentry slowly introduce more motion sets to the Suns . They used these at times to give Nash a break and certainly with the second unit . Then in Vegas I noticed Markieff Morris operating more out of the high post although that was often in isolation where they could face up and use their `` Amare lite '' combination of dribble drive / jump shooting to score points . ( Yes , I went to the `` Amare lite '' place . ) I recall them having some nice dishes from there as well .
Of course , Morris even at this point in their career , and certainly Luis Scola , are far better passers and decision-makers than Amare . With both those guys in the high post , defenses face a true triple threat ( pass , shoot , drive ) .
With that kind of talent at the four , and Dragic 's ability to run off screens and create havoc ( a bit like a Rajon Rondo ) , this system makes more and more sense . Mix in Michael Beasley 's ability to to also work off screens and Jared Dudley or Wesley Johnson providing floor spacing and an outlet against defensive rotations and you can see how this might all work very nicely . Even Shannon Brown is a good fit for this system and has experience with the triangle in L.A .
Here 's a cool video montage I found with Corner offense plays from the Rockets .
I awoke this morning disappointed… and a little encouraged . Yesterday I attended my first KKK rally right here in my little city of Charlottesville , Virginia . If you 're curious as to why I attended a rally of the Ku Klux Klan you can read my reasoning here . The rally went off as expected . The KKK preached their hate . There was a large police presence . I witnessed several non-Klan arrests and saw 3 pepper grenades deployed to help disperse the crowd afterwards . All in all it was an afternoon of “ entertainment ” , our town made the national news , nobody was shot or seriously injured , I was documenting the event and captured some great footage… so why do I awake today disappointed ?
I 'm certainly not disappointed with the members of the KKK . They delivered exactly what they promised… a protest against the removal of confederate statues in Charlottesville . They applied for their permit to demonstrate , it was granted by the city , and the police presence protected them throughout the event . I do n't agree with their message , in fact , I 'm staunchly against it , but I love the fact that I live in a country where all speech can be protected by our constitution and our police force—even hate speech . The moment that is taken away , we all have something more serious than the KKK to worry about .
My disappointment did not begin until the KKK showed up about 45 minutes late . Prior to their arrival at Jackson Park ( now called Justice Park ) the crowd was chanting things like “ Black Lives Matter Here ” and I found myself proud to live in a town that was willing to stand up to threats and defend the black lives in our community . And then the KKK arrived and the mood shifted drastically . The chants in defense of black lives became curses of white men in robes . The love and support being spoken of our black brothers and sisters turned into group hatred being demonstrated toward the protestors . “ F— you , KKK ! ” , “ Go to hell , KKK ! ” And while the venom continued to build within the counter-protestors , the majority of them never realized that their hatred toward their fellow men and women is not very different at all than the hatred of the KKK . In one sense “ hate is hate ” . It 's much easier to feel justified in our hate when we are part of a majority that hates the actions or beliefs of a minority , but reality is that hatred is hatred . It eats our souls , consumes us , and eventually spits out our bones .
I was also disappointed with the counter-protestors comments and reaction to the police presence . Printed signs and vocal chants of “ Cops and Klan go hand in hand ” were seen and heard throughout the park . People yelling at state and city police officers , “ Why are you protecting them ? ” , “ Is this how our tax dollars are being spent ? ” , and “ You 're just as bad as the KKK ! ” were heard through the duration of the rally and afterwards . The negativity toward the police was so bad that I stopped filming for a while and instead walked the entire media moat that separated the crowd from the KKK and told every police officer I saw ( probably 30 of them ) “ Thank you ! ” for doing their job . I wanted each of them to know that at least someone appreciated what they were doing . And what exactly were they doing ? They were not there to protect the KKK ( even though they did that as part of their jobs ) but they were there to protect the voice of dissent . And for that I am unbelievably grateful . The police presence alone probably cost the city $ 100,000 or more . And as I stood there watching the Ku Klux Klan spread their venom , I thought to myself , “ Thank God I live in a country that allows these voices I disagree with to be heard ” and “ Thank God we pay our police to help make this type of event safer for everyone . ”
So this is our America ; a place where haters can apply for a demonstration permit and have it granted , a place where counter-protestors can believe their hatred is more “ pure ” , “ just ” , “ moral ” , or “ righteous ” than the other guy 's hatred , and a place where police officers will get up in the morning to do their job to the best of their abilities all while hoping they 'll get to come home that night and tuck their kids into bed . I wo n't soon forget talking to a black , female police officer at the rally yesterday . I thanked them for doing their job and mentioned something about this having to be one of the craziest days for them on the force . Them sigh , head nod , and the look in their eye told me I was 100 % right .
Go ahead and click one of these buttons ... I double-dog dare you !
Over the last few weeks a lot has been going on in Linux-land ! New releases of Ubuntu , Xubuntu , Kubuntu , Lubuntu , Edubuntu ( did I miss any ? ) , as well as the Release Candidtate of Linux Mint 14 last week with the MATE and Cinnamon desktop environments . Also there were a whole bunch more new releases of distros like Pear OS 6 , Zorin Core 6.1 , Luninux Beta 2 , and the first Beta version of Elementary OS 2 , Luna , among numerous others . It 's enough to make any Linux-lover 's head spin !
Of course because I ca n't leave well enough alone , I 've been trying out some of these new versions of familiar old distros and newer ones as well ; ever in search of that next elusive ‘ Perfect Operating System ' . And because it 's just plain fun , seeing how distros change and try out new features and desktop environments and different ways of doing things . The Open Source world is continually improving , experimenting and transforming itself , and that 's exciting !
So in the past five weeks I 've installed the new Xubuntu 12.10 on the kitchen laptop , and it looks and works beautifully . Not a lot of changes since the 12.04 version , but the panel is more configurable now , the weather applet has seen some enhancements , and numerous other little changes . But it just feels nice . I love Xfce ! I 've also extensively tried out the RC of Mint 14 ( Nadia ) with Cinnamon . I also gave the MATE edition a spin , but keep leaning toward the future and the Gnome 3-based Cinnamon . The Cinnamon DE continues to develop and mature , and the ease of use and stability of Linux Mint makes it one of my top three favorite distros .
All this leads me to my topic for today ; another distro that I 've heard about for a while and tried out from a Live CD – Fuduntu . New version 2012.4 just came out , and with it a lot of changes from the previous release . ( See HERE for more details ) . Fuduntu is based on Fedora , but has an aesthetic look and feel ( and non-free software pre-installed ) like Ubuntu , hence the funny name ( though personally I think Feduntu would have been a better choice ) ! It uses Gnome 2 instead of the Unity interface , which many old-school Linux users will find more familiar and user-friendly .
Fuduntu until recently was fully compatible with the Fedora software repositories , but now it has become it 's own distro with it 's own repositories , as well as being a rolling release . On the Fuduntu website I read that you can also enable Fedora repositories , but doing so may cause conflicts with Fuduntu , so I have left the default settings . In the past I was never that impressed with Fuduntu ; but after reading about the new Fuduntu I decided to download and try out the Live DVD of 2012.4 . And wow , was I pleasantly surprised !
The first thing I noticed was that some nice Compiz effects were active by default . I had wobbly windows again ! Dialogue boxes , windows and opened applications faded in and out like ghosts ; and all using the included open source drivers without having to install the Nvidia driver for my system . How cool ! The desktop has a crisp , clean look , with a pre-installed AWN dock at the bottom and a configurable Gnome 2 panel on top . It comes with a nice assortment of themes and desktop backgrounds . And everything was quite perky , even running from the DVD .
In fact the more I played around with Fuduntu , the more I enjoyed this simple yet stylish OS . I had a little trepidation since Fedora/Fuduntu uses RPM packages for software installation instead of Debian/dpkg , as I 'm used to in Ubuntu-based distros . ( More on Linux Package Management HERE and HERE ) . So doing things in the Command Line ( Terminal ) are a little different , too . But as I did more research , I thought this might not be such a big problem . Learning new things is fun , right ! ?
I checked around the Fuduntu forums , which are pretty well-populated and friendly . And I tried out the Software Management program in Fuduntu , which has about 95 % of all the applications I might ever need . SO , I finally decided to install Fuduntu on the kid 's desktop computer and really see what this was all about !
To make a long story short – The installation was a breeze ( very quick , as a matter of fact ) and after five days of using Fuduntu I really love it . I 've had zero problems ; found an RPM to install my beloved Radiotray , which was one app I use a lot that was not in the Fuduntu repositories ; and I ca n't find anything not to like about this distro . It runs very quick on this Pentium 4 machine . Everything , as they say , just works out of the box !
To finish – here is a handy site to search for elusive RPM packages
…And a very nice review of Fuduntu HERE .
Peace…
Advertisements
We 'd been sort of hoping Apple would just make MobileMe a completely free service , but it looks like we 're taking baby steps instead : Find My iPhone / iPad is now free for iPhone 4 , the iPad , and the fourth-gen iPod touch running iOS 4.2.1 . As with the paid feature , you 'll be able to locate your device on a map , lock it , display a message , play a sound , or remotely wipe your data from any browser or the updated iOS app , which should presumably go live sometime today along with iOS 4.2.1 itself . Like we said , it 's a baby step , but hey -- we never say no to free.Okay , so this is strange -- Find My iPhone is free for all devices running iOS 4.2.1 , but you can only register for the service from an iPhone 4 , iPad , or new iPod touch , unless you pay for MobileMe . Why ? We 'd guess it 's to limit it to owners of the newest gear , but whatever -- if you 've got an iPhone 4-toting friend you can totally get in on the action .
Packers players link arms during the national anthem before their game on Sunday , September 24 , 2017 at Lambeau Field in Green Bay , Wis. ( Photo : Adam Wesley/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin )
GREEN BAY – To demonstrate unity , Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers wants fans to join players Thursday night , locking arms in the stands during the national anthem at Lambeau Field .
Rodgers asked fans to lock arms as a show of togetherness instead of division . The request stemmed from what Rodgers called “ a fantastic meeting ” among players , discussing a wide range of topics they chose to keep private .
“ I think there 's been a great sense of unity and love and support in this locker room , ” Rodgers said , “ guys coming together . Outside the building , I think the message has been diluted a little bit , and it 's been kind of taken away from what we were trying to do : show a united front , guys linking up together . ”
RELATED : 3 Packers sit in protest during anthem as others lock arms
COLUMN : NFL is winning in fight against President Trump
RELATED : Trump calls for rule mandating players stand for anthem
COLUMN : NFL commits suicide by Trump with politically correct protests
The Packers host the Chicago Bears on Thursday night . Opening Week 4 of the NFL season , theirs will be the first game since last weekend 's mass protests during the national anthem .
Later Tuesday evening , the Packers released a statement signed by `` The Packers Players '' asking fans to join them in locking arms during the national anthem .
In a polarized society , Rodgers knows the united front felt inside the Packers ' locker room does n't extend outside . They said there has been “ a lot of hatred ” on their social media after the Packers used Sunday 's national anthem before a game against the Cincinnati Bengals to protest inequality and police brutality .
Most players locked arms along the home sideline at Lambeau Field . Tight ends Martellus Bennett and Lance Kendricks , along with rookie cornerback Kevin King , sat on a bench while “ The Star-Spangled Banner ” was played .
Rodgers said the protest was not intended to disrespect the military , but rather to stress unity .
“ This is about equality , ” Rodgers said . “ This is about unity and love and growing together as a society , and starting a conversation around something that may be a little bit uncomfortable for people . But we 've got to come together and talk about these things and grow as a community , as a connected group of individuals in our society , and we 're going to continue to show love and unity .
“ And this week we 're going to ask the fans to join in as well and come together and show people that we can be connected and we can grow together . ”
It 's unclear how long the Packers will lock arms in unity during the national anthem . Until Sunday , the closest a player had come to using the national anthem to protest came from Bennett , who raised their right fist before the Packers ' first two regular-season games .
Their demonstration Sunday was in response to President Donald Trump 's inflammatory remarks at a rally last week in Huntsville , Ala. Rodgers ' request came one day after coach Mike McCarthy called for better communication among opposing viewpoints .
“ To me , ” McCarthy said , “ there are a lot of things that are being said . I think , more importantly , I think it 's a time to listen . I think everybody can do a better job of listening and make sure the messages that are trying to be delivered are heard and vice versa . I think that 's the biggest thing in life .
`` Everybody throws around lack of communication , and I know personally , regardless if it 's here professionally with my players , or even at home with my children , I think we all can sit back and listen a little more right now . ”
( Updated 2018 Edition )
Despite their status as one of the most influential and intelligent Christian authors of the 20th century , C.S . Lewis never thought of themselves as a professional theologian . While they were well-read in many types of literary genres , they did not go to Seminary to obtain a Masters in Theology and study a year of Old Testament Hebrew and New Testament Greek . They were not a Pastor who preached sermons to a congregation for many years but a raw , honest philosopher and professor of literature who wrote as well as any Christian of their time could . They had a gift for clearly articulating their perspectives on a variety of issues . Above all , they were humble , in that they had an honest evaluation of both their strengths and their weaknesses . I believe this is one of the main reasons why they are still so enjoyable to read even after all these years .
In terms of their theology , Lewis themselves said they were an “ Anglican but not especially ‘ high , ' nor especially ‘ low , ' nor especially anything else. ” So the theology of C.S . Lewis is not something one can immediately discover by simply perusing a certain book of theirs to see exactly where they stand on certain doctrinal issues ; it is much more subtle and convoluted than that . But in this book , you will find their different thoughts from their many books about certain Christian doctrines and topics pieced together in an easy-to-follow format ( Lewis has written nearly 60 books but none of them are on systematic theology ) .
This book offers very clear depictions of their theology concerning subjects such as the Doctrine of Inspiration , Original Sin , Human Depravity , Human Origins , Evolution , Intelligent Design , Theodicy , Love and Marriage , Redemption , Grace , New Creation , and Grief as their authentic reaction to God after their wife 's death is conveyed . The final chapter and appendix also contain all of their greatest quotes arranged and sorted by topic as well as excerpts , quotes , and summaries from most of their books in a quick , easy-to-read , bullet-point format . These last two sections are a particularly great resource to draw from as you can quickly learn about the main points Lewis conveys in their bestselling books . ( Check out Kevin 's YouTube channel www.3-ology.com )
The former Strictly Come Dancing presenter - whose career spans 75 years - passed away this afternoon , their family have announced . The statement read : `` It is with great sadness that the Forsyth family announce that Sir Bruce passed away this afternoon , peacefully at their home surrounded by their wife Wilnelia and all their children . `` A couple of weeks ago , a friend visited them and asked them what they had been doing these last eighteen months . `` With a twinkle in their eye , they responded , ' I 've been very , very busy ... being ill ! ' Unfortunately , not long after this , their health deteriorated and they contracted bronchial pneumonia .
WENN • GETTY Sir Bruce Forsyth has passed away aged 89 , their family have confirmed
Sir Bruce Forsyth life in pictures Fri , August 18 , 2017 Sir Bruce Forsyth has died at the age of 89 . We take a look back at Sir Bruce Forsyth 's glittering showbiz career Play slideshow Getty 1 of 31 Bruce Forsyth in pictures
`` The family would like to express their thanks to the many people who have sent cards and letters to Bruce wishing them well over their long illness and know that they will share in part , the great , great loss they feel . `` There will be no further comment at the moment and it would be much appreciated if the privacy of Sir Bruce 's family is respected at this most difficult time . '' Sir Bruce Forsyth had been out of the spotlight ever since undergoing keyhole surgery for an abdominal aortic aneurysm at the end of 2015 . Their manager told the BBC at the time : `` The procedure was a complete success and while Sir Bruce needs to rest and recuperate , it is anticipated , given the minimally invasive nature of this operation , they will make a speedy recovery . ''
WENN Bruce pictured outside the ITV studios in October 2015
Unfortunately , not long after this , their health deteriorated and they contracted bronchial pneumonia . Bruce Forsyth family
The condition was reportedly discovered during check-ups the entertainer received after suffering a fall , but is not thought to have been a result of it . Forsyth , who started in show business at age 14 , took the reigns of Strictly alongside Tess Daly when it started in 2004 , but stepped down from hosting the regular series in 2013 . They were replaced by Claudia Winkleman , who had previously fronted the Sunday results shows in Forsyth 's absence .
GETTY Bruce , pictured here in 1959 , had a career that spanned 75 years
They previously said of the BBC 's flagship Saturday night hit : `` In a way , whoever leaves a show at the top ? I did ! But it was time for me to go and there are other things to do . And it did take up all of my week . `` When a show is so big , the hard thing is keeping it up there… When it 's doing so well , you feel that pressure . '' In 2012 , Guinness World Records recognised Forsyth as having the longest television career for a male entertainer .
GETTY Bruce pictured with their wife Wilnelia at Royal Ascot in 2014
They came to national attention from the mid-1950s through the ITV series Sunday Night at the London Palladium . Since then they have hosted numerous shows such as The Generation Game , Play Your Cards Right , The Price Is Right and You Bet ! Forsyth attended the Latymer School . After watching Fred Astaire in films at the age of eight , they trained in dance in Tottenham and then Brixton . Their first role , aged 14 , was a song , dance and accordion act called `` Boy Bruce , the Mighty Atom '' . Forsyth 's first appearance was at the Theatre Royal in Bilston , with The Great Marzo at the top of the bill .
The star - known for their cheesy jokes - made their television debut in 1939 as a child , singing and dancing on a talent show introduced by Jasmine Bligh , which was broadcast from Radiolympia . Forsyth continued to perform throughout the Second World War , during which their brother John , a pilot in the Royal Air Force , was sadly killed in 1943 . Forsyth 's numerous showbiz awards include Variety Club Show Business Personality of the Year in 1975 ; TV Times Male TV Personality of the Year , in 1975 , 1976 , 1977 and 1978 ; and BBC TV Personality of the Year in 1991 .
GETTY Bruce pictured with Cilla Black during 'The Bruce Forsyth Show ' in 1966
From 1953 to 1973 , Forsyth was married to Penny Calvert , with whom they had three daughters : Debbie , Julie and Laura . According to their autobiography , they dated Miss World 1964 , Ann Sidney , during their reign and in a 2009 interview , Kathy Kirby claimed that they had been Forsyth 's lover and that they had proposed marriage . From 1973 to 1979 , they were married to Anthea Redfern , the hostess on The Generation Game ; they had two daughters , Charlotte and Louisa . Asked to judge the 1980 Miss World competition , they finally fell in love with fellow judge , the 1975 Miss World , Wilnelia Merced from Puerto Rico ; they married in 1983 , and have one son together .
So sad to hear that the true legend of TV and all round lovely man has taken their final bow . So long Brucie ������ love to Wilnelia and their family — Phillip Schofield ( @ Schofe ) August 18 , 2017
GETTY Sir Bruce presented BBC 's Strictly Come Dancing alongside Tess Daly
Do n't Try This At Home
It 's fairly common knowledge that Lactobacillus acidophilus bacteria are responsible both for culturing yogurt and for keeping a healthy acid level in human vaginas . It is also a fairly common misconception that eating yogurt or even inserting it in human vaginas is a useful treatment for yeast infections this is intended to restore a robust Lactobacillus population , but the yogurt dwelling strains do n't tend to stick to vaginal walls , and the natural sugars in yogurt can actually feed a yeast infection .
Still , imagine my surprise at this intrepid 's inventiveness ( names have been changed ) .
From : Darren Deringer
Sent : Wednesday , November 28
To : Sarah at myvag.net
Subject : Your wonderful site Dear Sarah , Thank you so much for your wonderful site ! It is very informative , well prepared , funny and stimulating , and I find myself going after my girlfriend every time I read it ! I would like to share with you some interesting information , as it was derived from your good work . I have loved to eat yoghurt all my life . I specially like it plain , without fruit or sugar . I just love the slightly acid taste it has . I also love to perform cunnilingus on my girlfriend , and have loved it since I first tried it with my first fiancée many years ago . I specially love that acid taste , which I find fascinating . But it was n't until I read your website that I connected both experiences . In your flora section I learned that it is lactobacillus that produces the acidic taste on both ! As I love my girlfriend so much that it hurts , and I want to have them in everything I do , I decided to produce yoghurt with my girlfriend�s lactobacillus . I bought a yoghurt machine , which is just an electric contraption that keeps small cups constantly at body temperature . I put plain milk in each cup , and then with the full and loving help of my girlfriend I swabbed a bit of their vaginal juices and put a small bit in each cup . I then mixed the contents in each cup , plugged the machine and waited overnight . The results were fabulous ! I love the product , which I call “ Paige 's Yoghurt , ” and feel a special loving warmth each breakfast as I know I am eating them out ! I have taken a few cups to work , which I store in the office fridge . A female co-worker pinched one from me , ate it , and liked it so much that they are asking me where I got it , but I do not dare tell them where it came from ! For the new batches I do not have to bother my girlfriend , as I just use part of an old yoghurt to make the new ones . I imagine that the taste and cultures will stabilize with time , as I prepare one batch after the other . I will also try with other types of milk ( non-pasteurised , fat free , farm milk , etc ) . I will keep you posted on new developments , but I urge you to try it . It is worth the trouble ! Please keep up the good work . Kindest regards ,
Darren D .
I 'm all for people getting off in their own special ways , but this still struck terror into my heart . ( Take a moment to visualize that coworker , and everything that was growing in that yogurt that was n't Lactobacillus . )
Lactobacillus may be the most famous vaginal inhabitant , but according to The V Book : A Doctor 's Guide to Complete Vulvovaginal Health the population of a healthy vagina can also include any of E. coli , Candida albicans , Stapholococcus aureus and epidermis , Gardenerella , Bacteroides , Streptococcus B , and Corynebacterium , just for starters .
Who knows which mighty microbe would dominate after being incubated in warm milk ? Recipes for homemade yogurt generally insist that equipment should be at least partly sterilized and the yogurt protected from contamination . Some contaminating microbes will alter the taste of the yogurt , others will not . Some will give you , say , a thrush infection , and some wo n't .
I 'm really not sure what to feel for that greedy but unwitting co-worker .
back to top
CTV Montreal
A Quebec man entered an airport in Michigan on Wednesday , yelled `` Allahu akbar '' and stabbed a security officer in the neck , according to U.S. federal prosecutors who said they are investigating the incident as an act of terrorism .
Amor Ftouhi , 49 , was arrested shortly after the incident and was charged with committing violence at an airport , FBI special agent in charge David Gelios told a news conference .
Gelios said the incident happened at 9:45 a.m Wednesday . at the Bishop International Airport in Flint , about 80 kilometres northwest of Detroit .
Ftouhi entered the United States legally in Lake Champlain , N.Y. , on June 16 and made their way to Flint on Wednesday morning , they said .
`` We do know Mr. Ftouhi entered the airport , they spent a little time on the first level , then they went upstairs , they spent some time in the restaurant up there , '' Gelios said .
`` Then they came out , they were carrying baggage . They went into a restroom . They spent a little time in the restroom . Dropped both bags and came out , pulled out a knife , yelled 'Allahu akbar , ' and stabbed Lt. Neville in the neck . ''
Lt. Jeff Neville with the Bishop International Airport police underwent surgery and their condition was upgraded from critical to stable , said Michigan State Police Lt. Mike Shaw .
Quiet neighbour
Montreal police searched Ftouhi 's apartment , and at least one person was observed being escorted by police .
Police spokesperson Benoit Boiselle said officers with the department were assisting the RCMP in a search of the apartment , and that the FBI requested the search after the attack .
People who lived near Ftouhi said they were a good neighbour .
`` He seemed like a simple , quiet person , '' said Mohcin Asrii . `` I think he 's a father . ''
Ftouhi 's longtime Montreal landlord said they were not a difficult tenant .
`` I never had any problems with him , '' Luciano Piazza told The Canadian Press . `` I 'm really surprised . I would see them at least once a month , when they paid their rent . ''
Piazza said Ftouhi has lived in the building for six years , is married and has two or three children .
`` He was a quiet guy , '' Piazza said . `` For me they were a nice person . I never had a problem with them or their family . ''
A man who identifed themselves as a Facebook friend of Ftouhi 's said the accused would n't even think of `` hurting a fly . ''
Kamel Yahyaoui said in a Facebook exchange with The Canadian Press they have known Ftouhi for 20 years and that they first met in Tunisia when Ftouhi was a school teacher .
`` He 's a socially positive person , '' they said . `` He 's looking for a good life for them and their family . That 's all . ''
Criminal investigation
Ftouhi appeared in federal court later Wednesday and heard the charge against him . They will get a court-appointed attorney and court spokesperson David Ashenfelter said they will remain in custody until a bond hearing next Wednesday .
Authorities said there was no immediate indication Ftouhi was involved in a `` wider plot , '' but the investigation is in its early stages .
The criminal complaint says Ftouhi stabbed Neville with a large knife and declared `` Allahu akbar , '' the Arabic phrase for `` God is great . '' The FBI , which is leading the investigation , said Ftouhi said something similar to `` you have killed people in Syria , Iraq , and Afghanistan , and we are all going to die . ''
`` As we progress and take this matter to grand jury for indictment , other charges could be pending later on , '' Gelios said . `` It 's an ongoing investigation , there are joint operations going on in Canada as we speak . We want to thank our Canadian partners who are helping us further investigate this attack . ''
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale called the incident a `` heinous and cowardly attack . ''
`` There is complete co-operation between the RCMP and other Canadian authorities and agencies with all of their counterparts in the United States and we will do everything we possibly can to assist in this matter , '' Goodale told reporters in Ottawa .
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a statement they were `` proud of the swift response '' by authorities from both nations .
They said the attack was being investigated as an act of terrorism and added it will be `` prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . ''
Meanwhile , witnesses in Flint described seeing the suspect led away in handcuffs by police , Neville bleeding and a knife on the ground .
`` The cop was on their hands and knees bleeding from their neck , '' Ken Brown told local media .
Cherie Carpenter , who was awaiting a flight to Texas to see their new grandchild , told a local TV station they saw the attacker being led away in handcuffs . They described the man in custody as appearing `` blank , just totally blank . ''
-- With files from Stephane Blais in Montreal and Geordon Omand in Vancouver and from The Associated Press
The search for Champ the lake monster said to inhabit the waters of Lake Champlain continues on lead by the group called Champ Search .
Led by founder Katy Elizabeth who is one of the youngest cryptozoologists and a leading authority on the Lake Champlain monster . They are also a well-accomplished author of books like “ Water Horse Of Lake Champlain ” and Water Horse Of Lake Champlain II ( Volume 2 ) .
“ Katy Elizabeth on lookout for Champ “
The Champ Search team has collected some very interesting evidence of Champ over the years including recent echolocation recordings of an unknown creature in Lake Champlain along with many sightings and footage . They have continued their work and here is a video of the teams 2015 search for Champ through the winter . Be sure to give it a watch and check out the recent efforts of Katy and the rest of the crew . It has some great information about Champ and I am sure you will enjoy it as much as I do . Thanks for staying on the hunt Katy !
Iran has been targeted by a second computer virus in a `` cyberwar '' waged by its enemies , its commander of civil defence said on Monday .
Gholamreza Jalali told the semi-official Mehr news agency that the new virus , called `` Stars '' , was being investigated by experts .
Op-Ed Cyber victory in Iran Charley J. Levine Op-ed : Derailment of Iran 's nuclear program is greatest under-reported news story of 2010 Cyber victory in Iran
`` The particular characteristics of the Stars virus have been discovered , '' Jalali said . `` The virus is congruous and harmonious with the ( computer ) system and in the initial phase it does minor damage and might be mistaken for some executive files of government organizations . ''
Jalali warned that the Stuxnet worm , discovered in computers at Iran 's Bushehr nuclear reactor last year , still posed a potential risk . Some experts described it as the world 's first `` guided cyber missile '' , aimed at Iran 's atomic program .
Iranian officials said they had neutralised Stuxnet before it did the intended damage to its nuclear facilities . They blamed Israel and the United States , which believe Iran is seeking nuclear weapons , for the virus .
Iran says its nuclear program is entirely peaceful .
The existence of Stuxnet became public knowledge around the time that Iran began loading fuel into Bushehr , its first nuclear reactor , last August . Iran said in September that staff computers at Bushehr had been hit but that the plant itself was unharmed .
Bushehr is still not operational , having missed several start-up deadlines . This has prompted speculation that Stuxnet damaged the plant , something Iran denies .
Officials have said the virus could have posed a major risk had it not been discovered and dealt with before any major damage was done .
Some defense analysts say the main target was more likely to be Iran 's uranium enrichment program . Enrichment creates fuel for nuclear power plants or , if pursued to a much higher degree , can provide material for an atomic bomb .
Jalali said Stuxnet might still pose a risk . `` We should know that fighting the Stuxnet virus does not mean the threat has been completely tackled , because viruses have a certain life span and they might continue their activities in another way . ''
`` Perhaps the Foreign Ministry had overlooked the options to legally pursue the case , and it seems our diplomatic apparatus should pay more attention to follow up the cyberwars staged against Iran , '' Jalali said .
The Manila city government extends for a full week INC 's permit to assemble along Pedro Gil , Padre Faura , and United Nations Avenue – areas near schools and offices
Published 7:19 PM , August 28 , 2015
MANILA , Philippines – The Manila city government has allowed the politically influential Iglesia ni Cristo to hold vigil in front of the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) until next Friday , September 4 .
In a text message , Manila 's public information office said INC was “ granted an extension to hold a public assembly along Pedro Gil , Padre Faura , and United Nations Avenue from August 29 to September 4 , 2015 , up to 12 midnight . ”
This extension is “ subject to the same conditions stipulated in the original permit ” granted by the Manila city hall on Wednesday , August 26 .
“ This special permit may be revoked at any time without prior notice from this office for violation of any aforesaid conditions or in case circumstances so warrant , ” the Manila city government said .
The city government did n't specify these conditions .
The city of Manila is led by former President Joseph Estrada , whom the INC leadership endorsed for its congregration 's bloc vote in the 1998 presidential election . When Estrada ran for president a second time in 2010 , they said they were certain to get the INC endorsement again if only then Executive Minister Eraño Manalo did n't die before the elections . Eraño 's son , Eduardo , now heads the religious organization .
At the same time that INC members continued to hold vigil in Manila , other church members flocked to the Philippines ' iconic highway called EDSA near the Catholic shrine where the 1986 People Power revolt happened . The church 's members along EDSA carried banners calling for the separation of church and state .
EDSA 1986 toppled dictator Ferdinand Marcos in 1986 . In January 2001 , a similar peaceful rally in the area ousted the President Estrada , now Manila mayor . In May 2001 , a crowd believed to have been bussed in by the INC tried to stage EDSA 3 to re-install Estrada into power , but the attempt failed .
INC 's longest gathering
The INC is staging these rallies as it slams the DOJ , especially Justice Secretary Leila de Lima , for alleged religious persecution . ( READ : Iglesia ni Cristo rallies flock : ‘ Inaapi tayo ! ' )
This comes after expelled INC minister Isaias Samson Jr filed an illegal detention case against INC leaders before the DOJ .
While the Manila city government confirmed the INC 's extended permit , INC spokesperson Brother Edwil Zabala on Friday , August 28 , sought to dispel rumors that INC members have been urged to leave the vigil .
On a platform in front of the justice department , Zabala showed several sheets of paper – the INC 's permits to stage its rally on Friday and Saturday , August 29 .
They added , “ At kung kinakailangang lumampas , pinapayagan po tayo. ” ( And if we need to extend , we are being permitted . )
“ Kaya mga kapatid , kung halimbawa man na aalis tayo rito , hindi po sa pamamagitan ng text message , hindi po sa pamamagitan ng social media ipararating sa inyo . Kung kinakailangan na tayong umalis dito , maririnig po ninyong ia-announce dito rin po sa stage , ” Zabala said .
( So brethren , if , for example , we need to leave this pleace , we will announce it not through a text message or a social media announcement . If we need to leave this place , you will hear it being announced onstage . )
This makes the ongoing INC vigil its longest gathering in recent history . It is also the politically influential group 's first explicitly anti-government event in recent years .
The INC 's events – even those as innocent as a medical mission – have been known to cause heavy traffic , prompt the cancellation of classes , and paralyze the metropolis .
Founded by a former member of the Catholic Church , the INC is a 101-year-old religious group in predominantly Catholic Philippines . It draws political influence from its practice of bloc voting , and is known for lobbying for key positions in government . – Rappler.com
Sliding , etching , scraping and sanding : the muffled sound of a roller ; the drip of acid on limestone ; the clunk as the stone is pushed into place . Hypnotic in its measured pace and minimal soundtrack , a new video reveals a technique that goes back more than two centuries . Sarah Dudley and Ulli Kühle are lithographers , drawing on stone in layers of colour , etching with nitric acid , rolling on ink and printing onto acid-free cotton rag paper .
They are practitioners of a niche art form . But according to Dudley , it 's not dying out . “ There was a point in the 1960s when the only printers were the few in France and Germany , ” they tell BBC Culture . That prompted the creation of an institute in the US which trains new master printers every year . “ While it is true that there are few lithographers in the world , certainly when compared to painters or sculptors , the art form is far from endangered . ”
Dudley was drawn to lithography even before she 'd etched a plate . “ I loved working with the stone , ” they say . “ The feeling of drawing the different mark-making materials across the freshly-grained surface had me hooked . ”
One artist we know drew a lithograph using butter . Fingerprints and petroleum jelly body prints work nicely as well . – Sarah Dudley
The main material is the stone ( lithos in Ancient Greek ) . The artist draws with special crayons , pencils and liquids ( similar to watercolour ) that contain grease , before using an etch mixture to fix the drawing onto the stone with a chemical reaction . The process is repeated for each layer of colour .
It sounds complicated , but relies on a simple technique . “ The three main materials are stone , grease and water , as the entire printing process depends upon the principle that grease and water do n't mix , ” says Dudley . “ Essentially you can draw with anything that contains grease – one artist we know drew a lithograph using butter . Fingerprints and petroleum jelly body prints work nicely as well . ”
The big reveal
An artist who took an unconventional approach to lithography was Francisco de Goya . One of their companions , the Spanish painter Antonio de Brugada , wrote about Goya 's unorthodox working method : “ The artist worked at their lithographs on their easel , the stone placed like a canvas . They handled the crayons like paintbrushes and never sharpened them . They remained standing , walking backward and forward from moment to judge the effect .
“ He usually covered the whole stone with a uniform grey tint , and then removed the areas that were to be light with a scraper ; here is a head , a figure , there a horse , a bull . The crayon was then brought back into play to reinforce the shadows and accents , or to indicate figures and give them a sense of movement . ”
It 's a layered process , which is often partly hidden from the artist until the final reveal . Dudley says their favourite part is “ the moment when we take the first print off the stone that carries the drawing for the final colour in a multiple-layer image… you still do n't really know how it will look until you see it printed . Then you ink up the last stone , lay the first sheet down and run it through the press . The anticipation of seeing the first complete print is often palpable . It 's almost like a ‘ Eureka ' moment once you see the first complete image . ”
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture , head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
And if you liked this story , sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter , called “ If You Only Read 6 Things This Week ” . A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future , Earth , Culture , Capital , Travel and Autos , delivered to your inbox every Friday .
The AJC - Global Jewish Advocacy group on Saturday denounced a decision by the American Anthropological Association ( AAA ) endorsing an academic boycott of Israel .
“ The AAA 's mission is ‘ advancing knowledge and solving human problems , ' ” Dan Elbaum , AJC Assistant Executive Director and Director of Regional Offices , said in a statement .
“ In Denver AAA members lost sight of their mission , determining the Israeli-Palestinian conflict can be solved by boycotting the colleges and universities of the Middle East 's only democracy . Only Israel 's schools of higher education , where Jews and Arabs study together , merit AAA condemnation , ” they continued .
The resolution passed by a vote of 1,040 to 136 , making the AAA the largest American academic organization to support boycotting Israel .
In their statement , Elbaum praised the 136 AAA members who voted against the boycott resolution , and noted the introduction of a second motion that , while critical of Israeli policies , opposed BDS ( Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ) against Israel . The resolution against BDS was defeated 1,173 to 196 .
Elbaum pointed out that significant academic organizations , notably the American Association of University Professors , have steadfastly rejected the idea of academic boycotts . “ Increased collaboration with Israeli institutions should be an American academic priority , ” said Elbaum .
“ The AAA has mistakenly succumbed to the whims of the BDS movement leaders , who have no interest in a negotiated solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and consider Israel itself an illegitimate entity that has no place in the community of nations , ” they added .
In 2013 , the American Studies Association ( ASA ) voted to boycott Israeli institutions . The head of the ASA , Curtis Marez , later admitted to the New York Times that many nations , including many of Israel 's neighbors , have human rights records that are worse than Israel 's but said that “ one has to start somewhere . ”
The ASA 's boycott decision was controversial even among its members . No universities actually came out in support of the boycott and at least four universities subsequently quit the organization in protest of the boycott .
On Thursday , April 25th , the Sound Transit Board approved a final plan for the route for East Link through Bellevue . East Link runs from downtown Seattle to Redmond via the I-90 Bridge , and is one of three extensions currently underway for the Sound Transit light rail system . The final plan is the end product of a collaborative process between Sound Transit Board members and staff and City of Bellevue Councilmembers and staff . I served as one of the three Sound Transit Board members on the negotiating team .
The East Link negotiations begin sixteen months ago , when Sound Transit and Bellevue resolved their differences about the core route through Bellevue with an agreement that had three major components :
Instead of the surface route preferred by Sound Transit , there would be a tunnel in downtown Bellevue . Most of the rest of the route would follow Sound Transit 's preferred alignment , with some adjustments . Because the tunnel is more expensive than a surface alternative , Bellevue would provide $ 100 million in funding and work with Sound Transit to identify design elements that would reduce the cost of the route through Bellevue by an additional $ 60 million .
This turned out to be a difficult task . The ultimate agreement , approved unanimously approved by the Sound Transit Board and Bellevue Council , will reduce costs by an estimated $ 30 million to $ 53 million . Bellevue will continue to be responsible to provide the rest of the $ 60 million or secure additional cost savings .
The negotiations were difficult , challenging , but ultimately cooperative . The core interest from the Sound Transit side was to maintain fast , reliable and convenient service for riders . Bellevue Councilmembers also had to consider concerns raised by neighbors along the route about alternatives that reduced costs , worked for Sound Transit but impacted nearby residences .
The changes adopted include a fully at-grade alignment along 112th Avenue Southeast south of downtown . As the route moves north from South Bellevue Way and turns east onto 112th Avenue Southeast it will pass beneath a raised section of 112th at Southeast 15th Street to reach the west side of the roadway . A street-level crossing of Southeast Fourth Street will allow only emergency vehicle access into the Surrey Downs neighborhood at that location . The City of Bellevue had earlier proposed a trench alignment along 112th . The updated alignment is estimated to save $ 2 million to $ 4 million .
Trains will travel through downtown Bellevue in a tunnel . This plan replaces an underground station with a daylight station located slightly further north as the tunnel turns east onto Sixth Avenue and transitions to an elevated alignment in preparation to cross I-405 . This change will save an estimated $ 19 million to $ 33 million .
Other refinements identified through the process will save an estimated $ 9 million to $ 16 million . Sound Transit 's work to advance engineering and secure permits will move forward under City of Bellevue land use changes that make the light rail extension a permitted use .
Along Bellevue Way , Sound Transit and Bellevue considered moving the light rail alignment from a trench north of the South Bellevue Park and Ride near the Winters House to an at grade alignment , as well as the possibility of coordinating construction of a new city HOV lane on Bellevue Way with the light rail project . The option would have required moving Bellevue Way to the west and constructing a retaining wall between the road and the Enatai neighborhood . However , the final decision was to keep the Link alignment in a trench . The City of Bellevue will independently evaluate and be responsible for any future construction of an HOV lane .
The outcome was not exactly what either side had hoped for . Some ideas turned out to be not as workable or save as much as had been hoped . Others were viewed positively by one party but not by the other . The ‘ road over rail ' alternative and surface crossing at SE 4th create a more efficient system for light rail , but keeping the cut at the Winters House was not our preferred option .
The 6th Avenue surface station was the major issue . We were concerned about the quality of the station and whether moving it would reduce pedestrian access and ridership . Ultimately , the Board decided that we could live with the compromise on design . After carefully reviewing the walkshed around the station , we concluded that there would be little or no impact on ridership . This alternative also shortens construction time , and Bellevue agreed to invest $ 5 million in improving the pedestrian experience . These positives provided significant balance that reduced my initial resistance to this station alternative .
Ultimately , the Board agreed to this package because of the positive elements included , but also because the formal approval from Bellevue clears the way for construction to begin without the threat of litigation and delay . The negotiations forged a spirit of cooperation and mutual investment that will keep this project on track to completion . Property acquisition can begin immediately , construction can start in 2015 , and trains can be operating by 2023 . Being able to keep that timetable was the critical factor in persuading me to approve a package that would not have been my first choice . By 2030 , East Link will carry 50,000 riders a day , creating a transit system that will reduce vehicle traffic and better integrate travel options around the region . That 's worth making some modest compromises !
East Link documents including maps of the alignment are available at http : //projects.soundtransit.org/Projects-Home/East-Link-Project.xml
Posted : May 1st , 2013 under Sound Transit
Tags : City of Bellevue , East Link , Sound Transit
An anti-marijuana campaign from the Australian state of New South Wales has become a viral smash .
The campaign , with its slogan `` you 're worse on weed , '' attempts to educate teenagers of the risks of marijuana use by depicting stoners as grumbling , oversized `` Stoner Sloths . ''
Who could imagine that backfiring ?
The ad has been widely successful online , though probably not for the reasons the NSW government had in mind .
That < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/StonerSloth ? src=hash '' > # StonerSloth < /a > video 😂😂😂😂 — @ VoilaSelena
Been crying at this for the last 10 minutes . CRYING . < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/stonersloth ? src=hash '' > # stonersloth < /a > smh < a href= '' https : //t.co/l5jswMWhiw '' > https : //t.co/l5jswMWhiw < /a > — @ bigshitxtalker
How much did the NSW Government waste on this campaign against drugs ? < a href= '' https : //t.co/sm721gcMQV '' > https : //t.co/sm721gcMQV < /a > < a href= '' https : //t.co/kJJXQ2nAdX '' > pic.twitter.com/kJJXQ2nAdX < /a > — @ jarahcrook
The Premier of New South Wales does n't appear to have had a hand in creating the ads .
Just saw the < a href= '' https : //twitter.com/hashtag/StonerSloth ? src=hash '' > # StonerSloth < /a > ads . Not sure where NSW Gov 's ad guys found Chewbaccas siblings , but those videos are ... Quite something . — @ mikebairdMP
The National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre ( NCPIC ) , a major drug research centre in Australia , is distancing itself from the campaign as well .
Adding to the cringeworthiness , the domain name `` Stoner Sloth '' is already in use by a blog with the tagline : `` Enjoy every smoking experience . ''
The ad agency Saatchi & Saatchi Australia appears to be responsible for the sloth campaign , according to Mashable ( via AdNews ) .
Though the ads were released in November , video parodies have been making the rounds on social media recently .
This one warns of the dangers of a high sodium diet .
Redshirt sophomore forward Cody Larson was far from surprised at the decision they were faced with this summer and that acknowledgement , combined with the mature choice they made , could be the first steps on the road to their turnaround with the Florida Gators .
Florida head coach Billy Donovan announced Wednesday during the team 's annual media day that Larson is no longer on scholarship but will pay their own way and remain with the Gators as a walk-on player .
Donovan did not come to this decision based on what Larson has done as a player during games ( which has not been much to this point ) but rather due to off-the-court issues both basketball related and not .
“ Cody has had some responsibility issues over last year and I think certainly some of the things with Cody 's past [ were ] well documented . It had nothing to do with those things but had more to do with their level of responsibility here , ” Donovan explained . “ There were some things I wanted them to do during the course of the year that they knew there was a possibility [ if ] they did n't do these things there was a chance they may not be back and they came up short on those things . ”
They continued , “ I think everyone 's scholarship is very valuable and you want guys to have a responsibility to take care of things they need to take care of and for Cody , those things were not happening . So , we got their family involved . Basically informed their family we were not going to renew their scholarship until they took care of these things . [ We ] gave Cody the option to transfer if they wanted to leave to find another school and also gave them the option to come back , try to earn their scholarship back . To their credit , this is where they wanted to be . ”
Larson 's difficult decision , the first on a long list of things they must do in order to prove their commitment to the program , was a big step in the right direction for Donovan , who said they are pleased with what they have seen from them so far this offseason .
Read the rest of this story on Larson and Donovan…after the break !
“ I 'm as proud of Cody today and maybe more so than I ever have been with them being in our program . Really I 've seen a total change in them from the time the season ended last year to now up to this point in time , ” they said . “ I think they can be a productive player for us in the future . But , I also felt like it was important for them to have some skin in the game where they were going to take some responsibility for their future , their career and what they want to be .
“ I think for Cody , it would 've been very easy to just move to another school . He 's not a guy that played a lot of minutes . They are n't a guy that we relied on a lot last year . But I was more consumed by trying to help them as a kid for later on in life , regardless of where basketball takes him . I think it would have been easy for Cody just to pick up and leave and to go somewhere else where maybe they would get more playing time , if they wanted to go somewhere to play .
“ I give them credit for wanting to see this thing through . He 's taking care of their responsibilities and doing all the things we asked them to do . I think he 's been a totally different person at this point in time . None of us are perfect . I think we all make mistakes and do things that we learn from and I think he 's learned some valuable lessons , and I think he 's better off for it and I think he 's going to benefit down the road . ”
Larson is not the only new walk-on the Gators accepted this offseason as the school announced Wednesday that Donovan 's son of the same name decided to transfer from the Division III Catholic Cardinals ( where they were on scholarship ) after two seasons to learn the game under their father 's wing at Florida .
The younger Donovan originally attended Catholic not only because of the school and basketball program but due to the fact that they were interested in pursuing politics as a career ( the university is located in Washington , D.C. ) . Their career aspirations now appear to be centered on the game of basketball and following in their father 's footsteps by working as either a coach or administrator .
“ It 's going to be interesting . Selfishly , I 'm happy he 's back , ” Coach Donovan said . “ Selfishly , when you have your son , you get a chance to coach him , I do n't think a parent get a chance to do that . Most of the time as a parent , when your kid goes off to college , outside of some infrequent visits maybe [ you speak to them ] through the phone or see them a little bit , but I get a chance to be around them every single day in a different light .
“ For me , that will be a lot of fun , and I think they also understand their role on the team . He 's walking on . He 's going to try to do whatever they can to help . Hopefully the exposure of being here and seeing what goes into preparation , scouting , individual workouts , recruiting , all that stuff , they can get a taste to make a decision if this is something they really wants to do in their life . ”
The younger Donovan will not be able to play in the 2012-13 season due to NCAA transfer rules . They do , however , already have a taste of playing in the Stephen C. O'Connell Center as Catholic came to Florida last year for an exhibition game ( 3-for-7 for 13 points with four rebounds , three assists , three turnovers in 27 minutes ) .
by Planning Engineer and Rud Istvan
Just because something works in one place 's circumstances does not mean it will work elsewhere under different circumstances . Perhaps you 've seen the posting on the left , or others with a similar message . With any thought though , it soon becomes clear that not “ every ” parking lot is a good candidate for co-functioning as a solar generation station . Parking lots are incredibly diverse : some lack sun , some ca n't support the infrastructure , some are far from power needs and converting some parking lots would unduly sacrifice the local environment .
The Green Diamond Group was likely engaging in a bit of hyperbole . Unfortunately , many embrace such hyperbole without thinking , such that unrealistic expectations abound when it comes to the potential capabilities , performance and applicability 's of many renewable resources .
This posting will challenge some common misperceptions .
If something “ succeeds ” in one place it will be good in many places ( or everywhere )
If something is tried in one area , it was a good idea there and that demonstrates its “ Success ”
“ Success ” at some level in one area can be taken as proof of concept for wide scale application across many or all areas
Selection of energy technologies is a “ horses for courses ” type problem . There is not one horse ( or horse type ) that is good for all competitive environments . Cutting quarter horses do n't race with Thoroughbreds , and Thoroughbreds are useless at a rodeo . “ Horses for courses ” for energy technologies means the best-suited technology can vary by location , by need , by time ( e.g of peak grid load ) , and a host of other factors . In evaluating technologies we have to remember that what is practical in one area may not be practical –or even possible– in other areas . Our argument is that simplistic blanket conclusions about ‘ renewables ' , biofuels , and the like are not possible . Most ‘ alternative ' energy advocates ignore the specific situational characteristics inherent in providing electric power .
EXAMPLES
New Zealand HVDC Tie to Support Renewables
In a recent thread discussion , the proposal that long distance HVDC would work to support extensive long distance integration of renewables was advanced . The case of New Zealand 's HVDC Inter Island tie was offered as a concept demonstrating the feasibility . This facility was commissioned in 1965 and has performed well . It connects two islands and is valuable because it allows the north access to the large hydro resources in the south to help meet their peak demand and it provides the south access to the north islands thermal generation when hydro resources are low . HVDC was justified because of the long distances .
Originally 600 MW , today the line can accommodate 1200 MW . Relative to the size of their system , this is a big tie that approaches only 20 % of their peak demand . Before generalizing that greater percentages of grid load can be served long distance through HVDC ties to renewable resources , much further study is required case by case .
UK – Solar Power
Solar power comes in various flavors , and its utility is strongly influenced by insolation . Solar PV might make technical ( if not economic ) sense in the American Southwest , which has high insolation and summer daytime peak loads from air conditioning demand . But it makes little sense in the UK , which has much lower insolation because of its latitude and weather , and where peak demand is about 6 pm in winter months after the sun has set .
Perhaps it is not so surprising , then , that SunEdison 's UK rooftop solar initiative is not going well .
SunEdison invested £400 million in UK rooftop solar , including ‘ zero down ” offers , to mine the rich UK subsidy vein it was after . After Osbourne and Cameron announced elimination of future rooftop feed-in-tariffs on grounds they were financially unaffordable , Sun Edison announced on 7 October 2015 that it was exiting the now unprofitable UK . Its stock is down ~70 % since that day . It has delayed filing its annual financials citing material accounting weaknesses . SunEdison ( based in high insolation California ) now carries $ 11.67 billion in debt on a market cap of ~ $ 650 million . There are serious doubts whether it can avoid bankruptcy . Foolishness has consequences ; the New York Times said on March 15 , “ If SUNE enters bankruptcy the autopsy will show suicide . ”
Wind –Denmark
The idea that the US should become more like Denmark is prominent in some circles . Some claim that Denmark shows that the idea of a world powered by renewables is no fantasy .
Denmark has some of the best wind conditions in the world . They are well positioned to take advantage of the wind generation . Because they were a pioneer hundred of companies supporting wind are located within the country . Denmark also benefits from being able to export wind power to surrounding countries which makes such high penetration levels possible for an intermittent resource . Denmark also benefits from offsetting Norwegian hydropower .
Denmark should be expected to be much more successful at wind generation than many other countries and their “ success ” will not be easily emulated . Still Denmark has the highest electricity costs in the EU . Perhaps it should be also be noted that overall the US produces nearly 14 times more wind power than Denmark .
Biofuels
The idea that biofuels are green and carbon neutral really depends on location and fuel .
US
US E10 ethanol in gasoline has been criticized because it uses a food source , maize ( corn ) . The food impact is overstated by critics , because the 41 % of the US corn crop that goes to ethanol production returns 27 % distillers grain ( yeast protein and carbohydrate enriched , and roughage enhanced ) , which makes an excellent ruminant feed stock ( beef cattle and dairy cows ) .
Whether corn ethanol is actually ‘ carbon neutral ' is hotly disputed . The Renewable Fuels Association ( RFA , sort of Midwest Farm Bureau extension ) says of course it is . Greenies like Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) and Scientific American say of course it is n't . Who to believe ?
Brazil
Ethanol in Brazil makes imminent sense . The country is vast , and large regions are ideally suited for sugar cane production for ethanol ( and rum ) . By 2020 , 4/5 of all Brazil cars will be able to run on gasoline , E10 , E85 , or pure ethanol . Even though Brazil has vast oil deposits in its offshore Santos and Campos basin subsalts ( current estimates are 62Bbbl of TRR , with full production by 2017 at ~4.5mbpd ) , ethanol still makes practical sense in Brazil . In 2010 , BP bought Devon 's Campos subsalt concessions for $ 7 billion as an oil play . BP has also invested about $ 1 billion in 3 modern Brazil cane mills/ethanol fermenters fed by about 400 square miles of leased sugarcane fields as an ethanol play .
Brazil is already the global biofuels leader .
UK
Not only does ethanol make no sense , neither does the conversion of some units of the DRAX coal station to wood pellets sourced from the US southeast . Three of 6 645 MW units have been converted , at an annual subsidy of £350 million . The EU is investigating whether the UK subsidy proposed to DRAX for a fourth 645MW unit conversion from coal to wood , ~£200 million per year for 15 years inflation indexed , exceeds even its own crazy green subsidy rules .
DRAX coal produces 1901 lb . CO 2 /MWh ; DRAX wood pellets produce 2128 lb . CO 2 /MWh . Wood pellets are worse than coal for direct DRAX emissions . But DRAX exploits a loophole in EU regulations concerning ‘ renewable ' biofuels , so worse emissions are of no consequence .
Rather than being produced from logging waste wood ( e.g . slash , crowns ) or plantation pine ( as DRAX told the UK in order to obtain its green subsidies , and advertises in its FAQs ) , hundred-year old mixed hardwood Carolina bottomlands are being clear-cut to supply Enviva 's pellet mills for DRAX . Greens in both the UK and the US are outraged . Those forests will take at least century to regenerate , and in the meantime DRAX is NOT carbon neutral since this SE US forest carbon sink is being destroyed . Those forests do not care whether their CO 2 for photosynthesis came from coal or wood .
ENERGY Efficiency
Oregon is among the greenest of the US states . One of Oregon 's many green policies is a subsidy for better home weatherization ( e.g . insulation , insulated ductwork , double glazed windows ) , to reduce winter heating CO 2 emissions . But the program is n't working , as at current natural gas prices the efficiency improvements simply are not economic even after state subsidies . They might be economic if homes are electrically heated , but 73 % of Oregon 's electricity comes from hydro . The whole program simply does not make practical sense .
Conclusions :
We 've discussed various technologies and approaches employed in specific areas due to specific circumstances . Renewable advocates often illogically suggest that because something has “ worked ” in one area it will work in others . Just because something works in one place 's circumstances does not mean it will work elsewhere under different circumstances . It 's not just energy production – areas will differ in the extent of their ability ( if any ) to support various industrial , agricultural , cultural and recreational endeavors . North Dakota should not be expected to match Hawaii 's historical capability to export pineapples . AND Hawaii does n't grow a lot of wheat or export a lot of pineapples these days .
Complicating the picture is the stark truth that , just because somebody built something , that does n't mean it made any sense to have done so . Not all renewable “ achievements ” deserve to be imitated even under similar circumstances . While some renewable projects struggle to remain operational and are shown in hindsight to be obviously bad decisions , the operation of others provides benefits even though they too were bad initial decisions . Renewable projects have relatively large up front fixed costs which can not be recovered by terminating a project . In deciding to keep a facility going or not , “ sunk costs ” should be ignored . So an overly costly project that never should have been built can still remain a worthwhile part of an energy portfolio once completed . The fact that such resources are effective in a portfolio under such conditions should not be used to argue for sinking further costs into construction of more such facilities .
Trying to replicate someone 's success without understanding the factors behind that success can be a recipe for disaster . Making goals , targets , and regulations for broad areas based on overgeneralized limited experiences from incomparable areas is very poor public policy . The more energy supply decisions are made based upon considerations tied specifically to local/regional circumstances , the better off we will be .
A perceived lack of cultural awareness has forced Yum brands to change the red star logo on its just-opened Vietnamese Banh Shop in Dallas .
Thanh Cung , President of the Vietnamese-American Community of Greater Dallas started an online petition Wednesday that called on the restaurant to make the change .
`` While we are very pleased with the name of the restaurant , we are hurt and offended by your chosen logo , a red star , which is a symbol of communism and will offend thousands of South Vietnamese refugees in my community , '' Cung wrote . `` The heavy majority of Vietnamese living in the Dallas area are political and religious refugees who fled Vietnam when North Vietnamese communist rule started in 1975 . ''
Related : Airbnb runs into its own logo trouble
The restaurant , which serves banh mi sandwiches and other Vietnamese food , uses lots of Saigon-focused imagery and language in its branding . It opened Sept. 12 , and the CultureMap Dallas blog began reporting on the controversy four days later .
`` Effective immediately , we are changing the logo , '' wrote a Yum spokesperson in an email Thursday .
Jonathan Blum , who heads public affairs and nutrition for Yum ! Brands ( YUM ) , reached out to and apologized to Cung earlier today .
The old logo will come off the store and website by the end of the day and a new logo will be up soon , they said . The old logo was designed externally , and they said the same shop would likely handle the redesign -- with Cung 's input .
`` In hindsight , we should have known this could have been seen as offensive , '' Blum said .
Related : Taco Bell owner opens Asian fast food joint
Cung , who has lived in Dallas for 30 years , says they first heard about the logo as members of the community reached out after driving past it .
`` They called me and they were very frustrated and angry , '' they said . Then they checked it out himself .
`` When I saw it , I had the same feeling , '' they said .
They were pleased with Yum 's quick response to their petition , and they said they look forward to working on the restaurant 's new logo .
`` We 're very , very appreciative and grateful , '' they said .
The Dallas area has the fourth-largest the largest concentration of Vietnamese-Americans in the country behind Los Angeles , San Jose , California and Houston , Texas . The 2010 census put their numbers at nearly 72,000 , or 5 % of the country 's total .
The concept behind Banh Shop was developed to compete with `` fast-casual '' restaurants like Chipotle ( CMG ) and Panera ( PNRA ) by the same team behind Super Chix , an Arlington , Texas restaurant focusing on fried chicken and U.S. Taco Co. , an upscale taco restaurant in Huntington Beach , California .
`` With Southeast Asian cuisine growing in popularity in the U.S. , we saw an opportunity to design a unique fast casual concept that emulates delicious Saigon street food , with a focus on the Vietnamese banh mi sandwich , '' said Yum 's emerging brands head Christophe Poirier in a statement announcing the restaurant 's launch .
Poirier worked with Dallas restaurant consultant Mark Brezinski to develop the Bahn Shop concept .
In a July conference call , Yum CEO David Novak said the fast-casual restaurants like Banh Shop were mainly a learning experience that might be a launching pad for further expansion . There 's a second Banh Shop location in the works at the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport .
We 've yet to give our readers a `` peek behind the curtain '' and discuss some of the ins-and-outs of our engineering practices at MojoTech . In this post , I 'd like to begin to talk about some of our practices and the way we work from an engineering perspective .
There are many things we care deeply about that go a long way to making a software project run smoothly , and our usage of Git as a source code management tool is one of them .
The following is a section directly from our internal MojoTech engineering playbook and is presented in its entirety .
Git will be used as the source code management ( SCM ) tool here at MojoTech . Our projects are primarily hosted under the MojoTech Github organization , although some projects occasionally have other SCM hosting tools .
MojoTech has some specific usage patterns around Git that allow us to work as a team effectively and collaborate on projects in an efficient manner .
Branching
Git has no definitive rules on how branches must be named , and no branch name holds any special significance inherently . However , the community standard is to use a branch called master as the default , and as such a master branch is generated for you when you create a new Git repository via git init .
For MojoTech projects , the master branch should be considered the `` always working '' branch and will be the main place feature branches are merged into when they have been code reviewed and approved .
One of the nice benefits of Git is that creating , working with , merging , updating , and deleting branches is trivial , cheap and easy . As such , developers are encouraged to create branches at will as they work on various features , bugs , and tinkering . Feel free to create branches as often as desired , and work out of those feature branches in your normal daily workflow .
Developers should never directly commit to the master branch if possible . Instead , always follow the normal process of :
Create a feature branch off of master Make changes to implement the feature Submit a new Pull Request for those changes Have those changes peer code reviewed After approval , merge the Pull Request into the master branch
Naming
New feature branches typically should be created from an up-to-date master branch :
$ git checkout master $ git pull $ git checkout -b < new_branch_name >
There are occasions when you will create a new branch from a non-master branch as well . For instance , a developer may want to try several solutions for a problem by creating a new branch for each one from a common starting point .
To keep some form of consistency and legibility among open branches , developers should name their branches in the following format : < initials > / < short_description > .
Some examples follow :
$ git checkout -b cpj/add_metrics_tracking $ git checkout -b cpj/fix_remember_me_input $ git checkout -b cpj/update_login_endpoint
This naming structure allows all developers to easily see which developer `` owns '' or created a particular branch , as well as gives general insight into what code changes live in that branch . Some developers also like to include the Pivotal Tracker ticket number in their branch name .
$ git checkout -b cpj/add_reset_password_feature_1234567
Rebasing
As engineers work on a feature branch , changes from other developers will most likely be merged into the master branch during that time . Developers should get in the habit of semi-frequently pulling down the latest changes to origin/master to their local master branch , and then rebasing their feature branch off of the latest changes to stay up-to-date .
In simple terms , a git rebase master from a feature branch , will unwind the local commits made on the feature branch , update the root of the feature branch with the commits pulled down from master , and then re-apply the local commits from the feature branch on top .
This may result in some conflicts as the commits are reapplied , and the git rebase process will stop if conflicts occur , tell you which files had conflicts , and allow you to fix those conflicts and continue on the rebase process with git rebase -- continue .
If the changes from master were to files or sections of code unrelated to your feature branch , the rebase should be able to automatically re-apply all the local commits without conflict .
There will be times , usually after a code review process or while `` cleaning up '' a branch before you submitting as a new Pull Request that you will need to do an `` interactive '' rebase . The first few times you need to do this process , it makes sense to sit with another Mojo and walk through the process . We also made a video describing the process : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8ZXExlHBPoY
Commits
Git commits , like branches , are also cheap and easy to make . As such , developers should get into the habit of creating frequent commits along the way , instead of making one huge `` big-bang commit '' at the end of a feature 's development cycle . Smaller commits are much easier to code review , rollback , and combine together later if needed , rather than the alternative of having to split a single large commit into multiple smaller commits .
Unlike Subversion commits which are immediately pushed to the repository , Git ( which is a distributed system ) commits are kept local to the user/machine who made them . Nothing is distributed to the central repository unless the developer specifically chooses to do so via git push .
Atomic
Git commits should be kept atomic , which means each commit should be self-contained , related , and fully-functional revolving around a single task or fix . Git makes this task easier by allowing you to save partial file changes in a commit . This means you do n't need to commit all changes to a single file at once . Instead , you can stage them in “ hunks ” that can contain many commits that reflect several changes to a single file .
`` Self-contained , and related '' means that commits should contain all changes and files related to the commit in question , and only those changes . A commit should not , for instance , contain code for adding a new input field to a form and also code for fixing a bug in a separate file tweaking a cache timeout setting . These should be two separate commits , not one single commit .
`` Fully-functional '' means that each commit along the way should be a fully buildable/passable stopping point . If anyone were to check out the Git history at a specific commit along the way , the application and code should still be fully functional , runnable , and passing all test suites .
Messages
Git commit messages should contain a shorter , succinct first line , followed by a single blank line , then any additional supporting descriptive paragraphs as desired .
The single , shorter first line allows for easy identification when viewing the git log and/or using other Git tools like bisect or rebase .
Often times , this single short line is all that is needed to describe what is contained in a commit . Other times , more supporting information and documentation are required , and the developer can feel free to use as much additional space as desired in the commit body .
Here is an example of a single line commit message :
Update the ASSET_HOST environment variable
Here is an example of a more lengthy descriptive commit message :
Fix regression bug with Remember Me feature There was a bug ticket filed here # TK134AFKR where a user was unable to `` uncheck '' to Remember Me checkbox on the login screen while . After research , it appears that certain older mobile browsers were not able to use the native JS touch library code we were using so a polyfill method was added to make the feature work on any older mobile browser not supporting native touch calls .
Some developers also like to `` tag '' their first-line message as well for easier scanning the logs
[ fix ] Remove login timeout threshold `
or
[ docs ] Update deployment process documentation
This is optional unless your project 's team leader decides to require or exclude it as a project policy .
A lot of times , tagging commits makes it easier for peer reviewers to quickly know your intent behind each commit . For example , if a commit is tagged [ fix ] but also introduces a new piece of functionality , then that would be a good indicator that the commit is n't ' very atomic .
Pull Requests
A `` Pull Request '' ( PR ) is the term used for a single or set of commits being marked as ready to review and merge into master . When a PR is opened , a developer is signifying that they believe the feature being worked on is complete and ready to be peer reviewed and tested by other developers .
Format
Before submitting a PR , the developer should rebase their feature branch against master to get the current changes at the time . This makes merging the feature branch PR into master easier when the PR code is approved .
Commits should be ordered sequentially for easy review and grouped logically . Any `` general supporting '' commits should be reordered to the beginning of the commit sequence , followed by the detailed feature commits .
Commits should be squashed together ( via squash or fixup during an interactive rebase git rebase -i ) if required . This means if one commit adds a new line of code change , then a commit a few commits later changes how that first commit worked , the final changes should be combined into where the new code was introduced as a single commit .
Review
All developers on the project should actively participate in peer code review of open Pull Requests . This keeps the whole engineering team `` in the loop '' and aware of what other developers are working on and what moving pieces are changing in the application . Code review also is beneficial to everyone as more eyes on the code base will allow more bugs to be caught ahead of time . Developers are encouraged to leave specific comments and questions on changes , logic flow , business requirements , etc ... related to the PR 's code .
Merging
When code review is complete , and the developer team signs-off on approval of the code , and the code passes any required test suites , the PR request will be merged into the master branch , and the PR will be formally `` closed '' at that time .
Guides & Links
Hwayoung was supposed to end bullying rumors on ‘ Taxi ' , went off script + call for apology
So , um , about that Hwayoung and Hyoyoung appearance on ‘ Taxi . ' Well , according to one report , the show invited Hwayoung with the idea of ending the witch hunt of T-ara , but Hwayoung basically went off script .
“ According to broadcaster message , they did invite Hwayoung to end the ‘ T-ara bullying scandal ' witch-hunting . However , Hwayoung did n't listen and talked solely on their thought through broadcast . ”
Well , uh , that decision did n't quite work out , huh ?
I mean , after their outburst recently , there are now editorials being written calling for them apology .
The first article which openly calls for Hwa to apologize to T-ara . This is worth to read . Please leave comments toohttps : //t.co/5E7rxkNRDI pic.twitter.com/erKvTvgU47 — eos1d3 ( @ eos1d3 ) February 16 , 2017
Also , some people are apparently regaining their memory .
Somebody will undoubtedly twist this into evidence that T-ara was bullying her , I 'm sure . You know , just like how you 're bullying if you call out the lazy , entitled kid who is n't pulling their weight in a school group project .
Alec Baldwin picked the wrong reporter to mess with .
After an altercation with the actor Friday , the New York Post 's Kevin Fasick - a former professional boxer - officially challenged Baldwin to a boxing match with proceeds going to the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation :
My old trainer , Smokin ' Joe Frazier , once told me , “ Son , an empty wagon makes the most noise. ” Alec Baldwin is the emptiest wagon of them all . This reporter got up close and apparently way too personal for the Bloviator outside their East Village home on Friday — and the big mouth roared . Their chubby face contorted with rage , Baldwin bellowed at me to back away and then charged like a bull , pushing me into a parked car . I just let them blow off steam .
What Baldwin did n't know is that Fasick is a former professional boxer with a 5-3 record that included 3 TKOs .
Fasick did indeed train under Frazier as they wrote about in 2011 .
After decades out of the ring - their last official fight was in 1986 ( a TKO , by the way ! ) - Fasick wants one more :
Witnesses to Baldwin 's outburst asked if I was going to file a police report . But rather than making scenes on the street , why do n't we settle this like men — and do something right in the process . Meet me in the ring , Baldwin . All for a good cause . We can raise some cash for GLAAD ( Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ) — a group I am sure you support . I 'll even let you throw the first punch .
For those not getting the GLAAD reference , Baldwin also had an altercation with a paparazzo Friday in which they called the man a homophobic slur .
As a result , MSNBC suspended Baldwin from their Up Late show for two episodes .
However , as Baldwin wrote Saturday , they may not be returning :
Whether the show comes back at all is at issue right now . My producers and I had a very enlightening and well-researched program prepared to air on November 22nd itself , dealing with John Kennedy 's assassination . That show is off the air now . I am deeply apologetic to Ron Fried , who worked extremely hard with me on that show . It 's heartbreaking to me that the show , meant to coincide with the actual anniversary , will not be aired that night . The show is no doubt a work in progress and one that I believe featured some interesting guests and disseminated a good deal of interesting information . But if the show dies , its fate ends up being no different than the vast majority of start-up TV programming , and so be it .
Whether or not Baldwin returns to MSNBC is likely of little consequence to many people given their paltry ratings .
More important is whether he 'll face Fasick in the ring or prove once and for all he 's just a big-mouthed coward .
Stay tuned .
Every Grand Theft Auto boasts several memorable missions . Some stand out for their explosive action , while others earn a way into our hearts for their sense of humor . Distilling this vast pool of moments was n't easy . This list tries to capture the best of both styles of missions .
After you 've read through our lists , please discuss your favorite GTA missions in the comments section .
10 . I 'll Take Them – Grand Theft Auto IV
In order to kidnap the daughter of mob kingpin Giovanni Ancelotti , Niko pretends to be interested in purchasing their sports car . When the two hit the road and they reveal their plan , Gracie Ancelotti flips out and tries to wrestle control of the vehicle away from Niko . Getting them to the safehouse is n't easy when she 's sending the car into opposing traffic .
9 . Saint Mark 's Bistro – San Andreas
With three west coast cities to explore , we never imagined a return trip to Liberty City would be in the cards for CJ . But when Salvatore Leone asks them to whack Marco Forelli , suddenly we found ourselves walking and shooting down memory lane .
8 . Publicity Tour – Vice City
When Tommy Vercetti befriends the beloved butt-rock band Love Fist , they have no idea that these decadent Scotsmen are going to be trouble . When an obsessed fan rigs the Love Fist limo to blow up if Tommy takes their foot off the pedal , they must walk the drunk band members through the disarming of a bomb while speeding through traffic .
7 . The Holland Play – Grand Theft Auto IV
For the first time in the history of the series , in “ The Holland Play ” you were faced with determining which of two characters lives or dies . Do you side with Playboy X and off their recently paroled former friend , or do you sympathize with Dwayne Forge and knock that playboy from their lofty perch ?
6 . Get Lost – The Lost & Damned
Most people try to break out of prison . But when the former leader of The Lost MC Billy Grey starts talking to the feds , Johnny Klebitz decides their best play is to take a page out of the Jacques Mesrine playbook and break into the prison with guns blazing .
5 . Copland – Vice City
When a bomb fails to go off in the mall and police begin investigating , Tommy and Vance have to get creative . They get some cops ' attention , steal their outfits after luring them into a garage , and then infiltrate the mall to rig the bomb to blow . Your reward ? Being forced to survive a five-star wanted level during the escape .
4 . Dropping In – The Ballad of Gay Tony
When the owner of the Liberty City Rampage wo n't sell the hockey team to Ray Bulgarin , it 's up to Luis Lopez to put the team up for purchase by other means . Never one to eschew style , Luis hops in chopper , parachutes down to the top of the skyscraper housing the Rampage headquarters , and shoots the owner out of a 20-story window . For their getaway , Luis jumps out of the window and parachutes down to a flatbed truck cruising down the road .
3 . Keep Your Friends Close – Vice City
Anyone who watched Scarface hoped to play through a memorable scene like this in a video game . When Lance double-crosses Tommy Vercetti and takes the side of Liberty City mafioso Sonny Forelli , they grab an M60 and starts smoking everyone inside their opulent mansion . Say hello to their little friend .
2 . End of the Line – San Andreas
The iconic final mission of San Andreas sees CJ seek their revenge against their former friend Big Smoke and the corrupt LSPD officer Frank Tenpenny . With the Los Santos riots raging , CJ is able to commandeer a SWAT tank that they use to crash into Big Smoke 's crack fortress . After they smoke their old friend , they track Tenpenny down in a thrilling fire truck chase .
1 . Three Leaf Clover – Grand Theft Auto IV
The mission that everyone who played Grand Theft Auto IV raved about , this complex bank robbery serves as the inspiration for the concentrated focus on heists in GTA V. Along with the dysfunctional McReary family , Niko breaks into Bank of Liberty . But when the LCPD surround the bank , the crew must shoot its way through Chinatown and disappear into the Liberty City subway tunnels .
Special thanks to Thegreatestgtafanboy , GTASeriesVideos , Wilzyyy , and Lucas Magnani for posting these videos on YouTube .
To read more Grand Theft Auto coverage , visit our hub by clicking on the banner below .
Ellen Page 's filmography and actor connections
Ellen Page has starred in 32 movies . The 5 most recent movies Ellen Page was in are listed below .
Next is the list of 964 actors/actores that Ellen Page has worked with spread over 49 pages . The list is sorted by the people Ellen Page has worked most frequently with . When you find the person you are looking for , click on the link to view a list of movies they have worked in together .
If you decide instead to click on a movie with Ellen Page , it will display the top billed cast . If the cast members have starred together in other movies ; beneath the cast member a list will display .
See full filmography
Rainn Wilson and Ellen Page have starred in 4 movies together . Their first film was Juno in 2007 . The most recent movie that Rainn Wilson and Ellen Page starred together was Robodog in 2016
Allison Janney and Ellen Page have starred in 3 movies together . Their first film was Juno in 2007 . The most recent movie that Allison Janney and Ellen Page starred together was Tallulah in 2016
Kevin Curran and Ellen Page have starred in 3 movies together . Their first film was Marion Bridge in 2002 . The most recent movie that Kevin Curran and Ellen Page starred together was Love That Boy in 2003
Elissa Sursara and Ellen Page have starred in 3 movies together . Their first film was Marion Bridge in 2002 . The most recent movie that Elissa Sursara and Ellen Page starred together was Touch & Go in 2003
Maury Chaykin and Ellen Page have starred in 3 movies together . Their first film was The Crying Booth in 2002 . The most recent movie that Maury Chaykin and Ellen Page starred together was Wilby Wonderful in 2004
Sandra Oh and Ellen Page have starred in 3 movies together . Their first film was Wilby Wonderful in 2004 . The most recent movie that Sandra Oh and Ellen Page starred together was Window Horses in 2016
Famke Janssen and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was X-Men : The Last Stand in 2006 . The most recent movie that Famke Janssen and Ellen Page starred together was X-Men : Days of Future Past in 2014
Kevin Bacon and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was Super in 2010 . The most recent movie that Kevin Bacon and Ellen Page starred together was A Look Behind the Scenes : Super in 2011
Kelsey Grammer and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was X-Men : The Last Stand in 2006 . The most recent movie that Kelsey Grammer and Ellen Page starred together was X-Men : Days of Future Past in 2014
Liv Tyler and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was Super in 2010 . The most recent movie that Liv Tyler and Ellen Page starred together was A Look Behind the Scenes : Super in 2011
Evan Peters and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was An American Crime in 2007 . The most recent movie that Evan Peters and Ellen Page starred together was X-Men : Days of Future Past in 2014
Cameron Bright and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was X-Men : The Last Stand in 2006 . The most recent movie that Cameron Bright and Ellen Page starred together was Juno in 2007
James Gunn and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was Super in 2010 . The most recent movie that James Gunn and Ellen Page starred together was A Look Behind the Scenes : Super in 2011
Hugh Jackman and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was X-Men : The Last Stand in 2006 . The most recent movie that Hugh Jackman and Ellen Page starred together was X-Men : Days of Future Past in 2014
Anna Paquin and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was X-Men : The Last Stand in 2006 . The most recent movie that Anna Paquin and Ellen Page starred together was X-Men : Days of Future Past in 2014
Cillian Murphy and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was Inception in 2010 .
Julian Richings and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was X-Men : The Last Stand in 2006 . The most recent movie that Julian Richings and Ellen Page starred together was The Tracey Fragments in 2007
Rick LaCour and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was Super in 2010 . The most recent movie that Rick LaCour and Ellen Page starred together was The East in 2013
James Marsden and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was X-Men : The Last Stand in 2006 . The most recent movie that James Marsden and Ellen Page starred together was X-Men : Days of Future Past in 2014
Joseph Rutten and Ellen Page have starred in 2 movies together . Their first film was Marion Bridge in 2002 . The most recent movie that Joseph Rutten and Ellen Page starred together was Touch & Go in 2003
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9
Scientists in the UK have created synthetic enzymes - vital catalysts needed to support life - from scratch , using genetic material created in the lab . These enzymes do n't contain DNA or RNA , they contain artificial XNA - xeno nucleic acid - and could be used to produce new medical treatments and find life on other planets .
`` Our work with XNA shows that there 's no fundamental imperative for RNA and DNA to be prerequisites for life , ” one of the researchers , Philipp Holliger from the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge , told Andy Coghlan at New Scientist . Strangely enough , that lab happens to be the same one where , in 1953 , the structure of DNA was first discovered by Francis Crick and James Watson .
Three years ago , Holliger 's team synthesised their first XNA in the lab . According to Coghlan , they made it using the same bases as DNA and RNA - adenine , thymine , guanine , cytosine and uracil . But they swapped out the sugars onto which each of these bases are usually attached - deoxyribose for DNA and ribose for RNA - with other sugars and molecules that are not found in nature .
Since then , the team has figured out how to fold strands of their synthetic XNA molecules to form enzymes . The XNA enzymes then displayed the ability to cut and paste individual pieces of XNA , which store and copy genetic - or hereditary - information , while also building and breaking down certain molecules as needed .
`` Until recently , it was thought that DNA and RNA were the only molecules that could store genetic information and , together with proteins , the only biomolecules able to form enzymes , ” Holliger told Michelle Roberts at BBC News .
Being able to act as both an enzyme and a store for hereditary information , says New Scientist , are thought to be the first two major steps for creating life . Now all the XNA needs to master is the art of copying itself , just like RNA does .
The team is now working on creating new artificial XNA-based life-forms that could produce new medical treatments that interact with the patient 's RNA molecules , or be sent out into the environment to clean up pollutants . The discovery also opens up the possibilities for finding organisms on other planets , knowing that different kinds of molecules are capable of storing genetic information and forming life-supporting enzymes .
“ The [ discovery ] raises the possibility that , if there is life on other planets , it may have sprung up from an entirely different set of molecules , and it widens the possible number of planets that might be able to host life , ” one of the team , Alex Taylor , told Steve Connor at The Independent .
“ Our XNAs are chemically extremely robust and , because they do not occur in nature , they are not recognised by the body 's natural degrading enzymes . This might make them an attractive candidate for long-lasting treatments that can disrupt disease-related RNA , ” Holliger added .
The research has been published in the current edition of Nature .
Sources : New Scientist , The Independent , BBC News
Airbnb has reportedly dropped its lawsuit against New York State but will proceed with its filings against New York City . Airbnb was previously said to be negotiating with the city to settle the lawsuit filed against them . The company has decided not to drop its suit against New York City because of Governor Andrew Cuomo 's new legislation .
Gov . Cuomo 's legislation intends to fine hosts up to $ 7,500 for advertising short-term rentals . Since 2010 , it has been illegal to rent space for less than 30 days in multi-unit buildings in New York City . Airbnb believes that their site is being targeted with this new legislation . New York City is one of Airbnb 's biggest markets and the new law could greatly affect business .
While the law is said to target hosts illegally rent their space in multi-unit buildings , Airbnb feels it could affect their business . Violators would be using Airbnb 's site to break such a law . There are concerns that Airbnb could be responsible for some of these costs . As a result , Airbnb believes the law is vague with its wording . In a statement , an Airbnb spokesperson said :
“ We have long sought to work with leaders in New York on clear , fair rules for home sharing and we 're continuing to do all we can to protect the thousands of middle class families who depend on home sharing to earn a little extra money . ”
The company also stated that the bill will hurt many families who depend on the home-sharing business for extra income . Mayor Bill de Blasio 's spokesperson said that their focus has and continues to be on operators of illegal hotels , not individuals . New York legislators argue that the fines are necessary for protecting housing prices .
New York City officials are scheduled for a hearing regarding the law 's regulations and how they will affect Airbnb on Dec. 17 .
Featured Image via Twitter/cbcnewsbc
The Vatican has recalled its ambassador to the Dominican Republic and relieved them of their duties pending an investigation , after local media accused them of paedophilia , a spokesperson for the Roman Catholic Church said .
The Dominican Attorney General announced late on Wednesday that a special prosecutor had been appointed to investigate Archbishop Josef Wesolowski , who has been nuncio , or ambassador , in the capital Santo Domingo for nearly six years .
Vatican spokesperson Father Federico Lombardi said the Holy See had started a probe of Wesolowski and that they had been recalled `` in the last few weeks , '' specifically over the paedophilia accusations .
`` He has been relieved of their duties and the Holy See has begun an investigation , '' Lombardi said when asked about allegations against Wesolowski in the local media .
Wesolowski could not be reached for comment . Weeks after their election in March as the first non-European
pontiff in 1,300 years , Pope Francis announced they wanted the church to root out sexual abuse of children by priests and ensure that abusers are punished .
Monsignor Agripino Núñez Collado , a church official in the Caribbean nation , told reporters the Vatican acted as soon as the pope had been informed of Wesolowski 's alleged `` missteps . ''
They said Wesolowski faces possible punishment by the Vatican but may be immune from prosecution in the Dominican Republic because a nuncio has diplomatic status .
Dominican Attorney General Francisco Dominguez Brito told reporters the investigation would take into account national and international law , `` given their status as a diplomat . ''
The prosecutor for the Santo Domingo district , Yeni Berenice Reynoso , said the probe was triggered by accusations broadcast on Monday by two local TV channels .
They said Wesolowski `` must be investigated and punished in the ( Dominican Republic ) and not in the Holy See . ''
Wesolowski 's whereabouts are unknown . Local media reports say they left the country in early August .
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly , the lone administration official to speak out publicly about reports that Jared Kushner sought a back channel to communicate with the Russian government , defended the move , saying it was a ‘ ‘ good thing '' for the U.S. government .
‘ ‘ It 's normal in my opinion and acceptable , '' Kelly said of the reports that Kushner made the request for a secret communications channel to the Russian ambassador during the presidential transition . ‘ ‘ Any way that you can communicate with people , particularly organizations that are not particularly friendly to us , is a good thing . ''
Kelly made the comments on ‘ ‘ This Week with George Stephanopoulos , '' and they reiterated them in two other appearances on Sunday morning news broadcasts .
Advertisement
Kelly rejected the idea that such a back channel of communication with Russian officials would be damaging to U.S. security interests .
Get Today in Politics in your inbox : A digest of the top political stories from the Globe , sent to your inbox Monday-Friday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
‘ ‘ Any channel of communications , back or otherwise , is a good thing , '' they said on ‘ ‘ Fox News Sunday , '' suggesting that they did not know the facts behind the reported December discussions between Kushner and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . ‘ ‘ It does n't bother me . ''
Related Links Read Story Laptop ban may expand to all international flights Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said they may ban laptop computers in the cabins of all international flights into and out of the US .
Kelly said that if such a line of communication was set up , the critical thing would have been for Kushner and other transition officials to understand that the information provided by the Russians might be intentionally false .
‘ ‘ They may be working you , '' they said .
Kelly said they were not sure whether the reports that Kushner had proposed using Russian diplomatic facilities for such communications were true . But they said that as long as the information was shared with the U.S. government , it did n't represent a problem .
Advertisement
‘ ‘ Just because you have a back channel , if indeed that 's what Jared was after , does n't mean that they then keeps everything secret , '' Kelly said on NBC 's ‘ ‘ Meet the Press . '' ‘ ‘ I mean they share that . ''
‘ ‘ Back-channel communications with people are ways to communicate with people , again not in front of the press , as an example , but that information is not necessarily kept secret from the rest of the government , '' Kelly added .
Image : wvhighlands.org
If you 're reading TreeHugger , you 're probably aware of the environmental and health problems with coal ash and the debate surrounding whether or not the EPA will decide to classify it as hazardous waste .
The agency is currently weighing proposals for coal ash regulation . One of those proposals would classify the substance as hazardous waste , but two of the amendments tacked onto the GOP budget bill , which itself is bad enough , would prevent the EPA from enforcing any such rule . And they 're just two of more than 400 amendments that deserve a little more attention than they 've been getting.Amendment 217 , sponsored by West Virginia Congressman David McKinley , would prohibit EPA funding for a subtitle C ( hazardous waste ) rule , essentially forcing the agency to choose subtitle D , meaning coal ash would continue to be classified as nonhazardous .
Amendment 10 , from Florida Congressman Cliff Stearns , would do the same thing . Lisa Evans , senior counsel with Earthjustice , wrote : `` EPA 's only option would be to issue guidelines for states that not mandatory and that are unenforceable by EPA . ''
But there are so many more . ThinkProgress compiled them into a frightening list—here 's a sampler , but you 'll see even more if you visit the original post .
Amendment 10 Stearns ( R-FL ) To stop EPA from developing or issuing standards that list coal ash as hazardous waste under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act Amendment 13 Rooney ( R-FL ) To stop EPA from using its funding to implement , administer or enforce new water quality standards for Florida 's lakes and flowing waters , which were issued in November . Amendment 109 Griffith ( R-VA ) To stop EPA from using its funding to implement or enforce new guidance for the review of possible water pollution from proposed coal-mining projects Amendment 127 Young ( R-AK ) To stop EPA from regulating air pollution from Arctic offshore drilling Amendment 152 Jenkins ( R-KS ) To prevent funding the cleanup of pesticides and PCBs from the Great Plains Industrial Park ( formerly the Kansas Army Ammunition Plant ) Amendment 192 Biggert ( R-IL ) To eliminate the Department of Energy 's Advanced Research Projects Agency Amendment 198 Poe ( R-TX ) To stop EPA from creating a cap-and-trade program or enforcing any other regulations for greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act Amendment 207 Jones ( R-NC ) To block penalties for illegal fisheries activities Amendment 216 McKinley ( R-WV ) To stop EPA from administering or enforcing the sections of the Clean Water Act that govern dredge-and-fill permits , i.e . mountaintop-removal Amendment 217 McKinley ( R-WV ) To stop coal ash rules Amendment 218 Johnson ( R-OH ) To stop EPA from issuing new rules for the circumstances under which mining may be conducted near streams or from conducting an environmental impact statement on the impact of the rules ; e.g . mountaintop removal
Some of the amendments ( not listed here ) actually seem promising , but they 're far outnumbered and outweighed by the efforts to gut what little resources exist to protect people 's health and the environment .
More on coal ash
600 Coal Ash Dump Sites Found in 35 States : Is There One Near You ?
EPA Claiming Coal Ash Reduces Greenhouse Gas Emissions
It 's a Matter of National Security : Gov Refuses to Reveal Hundreds of Hazardous Coal Ash Sites
Overview of Recent Toxic Coal Ash Spills
39 More Toxic Coal Ash Sites Found to Contaminate US Water Supply With Arsenic & Heavy Metals
More about EPA and coal ash as hazardous waste
EPA Gets Coal Ash Hazardous Waste Regulation Do Over in Obama Presidency ( Video )
EPA Opens Public Comment Period on Coal Ash . What Happens If It 's Not Regulated as Hazardous Waste ?
Which Senators Refuse to Let Coal Ash Be Regulated as Hazardous Waste ?
AUGUST 25 -- A man spotted yesterday afternoon performing oral sex on a woman lying down on a Florida beach boardwalk told cops that they were an “ emergency responder and had to assist the female as it was their duty , ” according to a criminal complaint .
A Treasure Island Police Department officer found Tracy Briley , 50 , with their shorts at their ankles and “ penis out in plain view ” around 1 PM Wednesday . Briley , the cop noted , “ was performing cunnilingus on a female subject laying on the beach boardwalk . ”
Briley , seen at right , told the officer that they were homeless and “ had nowhere else to have sex except in public . ”
A witness told police that they ( and their three-year-old grandson ) “ observed the act of cunnilingus . ”
When Officer Zakariah Dorman arrived on the boardwalk , Briley 's companion -- who is not identified in the complaint -- was clothed . They were subsequently transported to a local hospital “ reference to a medical issue . ”
Briley was transported to the county jail , where they are being held in lieu of $ 10,000 on a felony lewd and lascivious exhibition charge . They were also hit with a misdemeanor trespassing count .
Briley 's rap sheet includes prior busts for battery ; possession of drug paraphernalia ; evidence tampering ; robbery ; disorderly conduct ; littering ; and possession of an open container . ( 1 page )
TYRONE Unsworth was bullied so horribly because of their sexuality they felt the only way to escape was to take their own life .
Tyrone was just 13 when they committed suicide , succumbing to years of relentless harassment and teasing from kids at school .
But even after their devastating death , Tyrone 's vile bullies continue to mock them and their family , reports Kidspot .
Instead of being left alone to grieve the loss of their young son , Tyrone 's mother has become a target of online abuse .
Amanda Unsworth , has becomes the focus of disgusting trolls on social media with fake profiles set up in Tyrone 's name .
In a heartbreaking Facebook post on November 24 — just three days after their son 's death — Amanda called on the online trolls to stop using their son 's images and name to troll others .
Wednesday , just a day before their funeral , they were still asking their friends and family online to report as many as five sick fake profiles .
“ Ok this sh * t has to stop , ” they wrote in a post .
“ Whoever is making up social media accounts in our son Tyrone 's name and posting bullsh * t , I 'm going to the police and I will have you charged .
“ You have no bloody right doing this , our son is dead and you still want to bully him , grow up you pathetic little bastards . ”
At least two fake profiles were set up with the young boy 's face and first name , with a misspelled surname .
When a mother confronted the troll and messaged them over Facebook , the troll said their “ issue ” with Tyrone was “ he is a fag ” .
The troll claimed they are “ tough ” and alarmingly sent the mother a picture of what appeared to be a handgun . Asked what their parents thought of their behaviour , the troll said their parents were “ laughing with him ” .
When Amanda 's mother wrote to the troll online that they should look at their son 's dead body to realise the impact of their nasty words and behaviour the troll replied , “ I 've already seen dead bodies before I do n't care ” .
Underneath a photo Amanda posted of them and their son — which had a number of condolence messages , a troll posted a line of laughing emojis , which has since been deleted .
Other mothers came to Amanda 's defence , writing . “ You think you 're funny to grow up with some dignity and respect ” .
After a social media campaign by Amanda and their family and friends , it seems most of the thoughtless accounts have been shut down .
But on Wednesday Amanda said they kept seeing more pop up with up to five now being reported for targeting them and fellow mourners online .
One of their friends wrote : “ It is beyond belief the torture that your family has had to endure at the hands of these low-lifes ” .
Amanda told The Courier Mail after their son 's death that they were picked on for the last few years .
“ He was a really feminine male , they loved fashion , they loved make-up and the boys always picked on him , calling them gay-boy , faggot , fairy ; it was a constant thing from Year 5 , ” they said .
Their mother said Tyrone was a happy , cheeky boy on the outside — with ambitions of being a vet or fashion designer — but suffered so much that they said they never wanted to go back to school .
“ Obviously they ended up getting him , ” they said , “ they pushed them to the edge . ”
Tyrone was hospitalised a month ago after a violent incident , allegedly involving another school student , which occurred outside of the school grounds .
Queensland Police has confirmed there is an ongoing investigation into the alleged assault .
Jacquita Miller , principal at Aspley State High School said no allegation of bullying against Tyrone was made to the school .
A petition started to implement the Safe Schools program at Aspley State High School has reached 25,000 signatories in just two days .
This article originally appeared on Kidspot .
Bamburgh ( BAM-bər-ə ) is a village and civil parish on the coast of Northumberland , England . It had a population of 454 in 2001 , [ 1 ] decreasing to 414 at the 2011 census . [ 2 ]
The village is notable for the nearby Bamburgh Castle , a castle which was the seat of the former Kings of Northumbria , and for its association with the Victorian era hero Grace Darling , who is buried there .
The extensive beach by the village was awarded the Blue Flag rural beach award in 2005 . The Bamburgh Dunes , a Site of Special Scientific Interest , stand behind the beach . Bamburgh is popular with holidaymakers and is within the Northumberland Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .
History [ edit ]
The site now occupied by Bamburgh Castle was previously home to a fort of the indigenous Celtic Britons known as Din Guarie [ 3 ] and may have been the capital of the kingdom of Bernicia , the realm of the Gododdin people , [ 4 ] from the realm 's foundation in c. 420 until 547 , the year of the first written reference to the castle . In that year the citadel was captured by the Anglo-Saxon ruler Ida of Bernicia ( Beornice ) and became Ida 's seat . [ 5 ]
Late medieval British author Thomas Malory identified Bamburgh Castle with Joyous Gard , the mythical castle home of Sir Lancelot in Arthurian legend . [ 6 ]
St Aidan 's Church [ edit ]
According to Bede , St Aidan built a wooden church outside the castle wall in AD 635 , and they died here in AD 652 . A wooden beam preserved inside the church is traditionally said to be the one on which they rested as they died . [ 7 ] The present church dates from the late 12th century , though some pre-conquest stonework survives in the north aisle . The chancel , said to be the second longest in the country ( 60 ft ; 18m ) , was added in 1230 ; it contains an 1895 reredos in Caen stone by W.S . Hicks , depicting northern saints of the 7th and 8th centuries . There is an effigy of local hero Grace Darling in the North Aisle . This formed part of the original Monument to Grace Darling but was removed due to weathering of the stonework . Them memorial is sited in the churchyard in such a position that it can be seen by passing ships . [ 8 ]
Governance [ edit ]
An electoral ward of the same name exists . This ward includes Belford and also stretches south to Ellingham with a total population taken at the 2011 census of 4,846 . [ 9 ]
Notable people [ edit ]
Photo gallery [ edit ]
Bamburgh village and surroundings
Bamburgh seen from the castle
Grace Darling memorial in the churchyard
The Grace Darling Museum , opposite the church
Crossroads in the village , looking towards the castle
Beach and castle , looking south
A map of Bamburgh from 1947
Bamburgh Lighthouse [ edit ]
Bamburgh Lighthouse was built by Trinity House in 1910 to guide shipping both passing along the Northumberland coast and in the waters around the Farne Islands . It was extensively modernised in 1975 and is now monitored from the Trinity House Operations and Planning Centre in Harwich . Routine maintenance is carried out by a local attendant . It is the most northerly land-based lighthouse in England . [ 11 ]
When originally built , the lamp was mounted on a skeletal steel tower ( the footprint of which can still be seen within the compound ) which stood alongside the white building which housed an acetylene plant to power the lamp . [ 12 ] ( A similar arrangement can be seen today at Peninnis Lighthouse . ) During electrification in 1975 the tower was removed , and the lantern was placed instead on top of the ( now redundant ) acetylene building . [ 11 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
It was right out of a Lifetime movie plot ; A group of nuns , facing eviction from their Tenderloin soup kitchen and home , are saved when a charismatic multimillionaire self-help guru purchases them a new building from which they can continue to feed the homeless . But this is n't a made-for-TV movie , and unfortunately not everything has ended happily ever after for the nuns of the Fraternite Notre Dame Mary of Nazareth . As Mission Local reports , the group is facing stiff opposition from Mission District neighbors who fear the nuns ' planned soup kitchen will attract the homeless to the area and lower the value of residents ' housing .
The property in question , 1930 Mission Street , was purchased in March by `` CEO whisperer '' Tony Robbins for $ 750,000 in cash . They gave the property to the nuns , who intended to run their soup kitchen out of the ground floor . What neither he , nor the nuns , nor the press celebrating the deal likely realized was that some of those who lived in the immediate area saw the nuns — and the struggling hungry people their soup kitchen would attract — as more of a nuisance than a savior .
Specifically , those who live above the proposed soup kitchen voiced their concerns at a Monday night meeting of neighbors seeking to form a community group with the goal of ridding the neighborhood of homeless encampments . “ We have invested our life 's saving in an apartment in this building , ” said one resident . “ I have a hard time imagining that if we want to sell , we would n't be losing a large amount of money . ”
Sister Marie Benedicte , for their part , spoke to how they and their fellow nuns can improve the community by helping those struggling . “ We do n't just feed the homeless  we feed low-income people , a family who is out of money at the end of the month , ” Mission Local reports them as telling those gathered at the meeting . “ If you provide them with food , maybe they can pay their rent , and they do n't arrive on the streets . ”
But still , concerns about property values are a powerful thing . “ Even though the soup kitchen is having a positive effect on the community , '' the same neighbor said , `` it 's just not an attractive business for the building . '' And yet ! Do n't think they 're anti-homeless — they are just upset that the city is n't doing enough . `` We do n't want an attack on homelessness , ” neighboring business owner Gianina Serrano explained . “ I 've seen it my whole life . I just want the city to help address this issue directly and do more of what needs to be done to really remedy the situation . ”
The Planning Commission is scheduled to decide on the proposed soup kitchen next month .
Related : Insecurity In The City Of Food : How San Francisco Feeds Its Homeless
Egnyte announced a new product today that lets customers control their encryption keys with either a customer-managed offering or a cloud service that requires less heavy lifting and management .
While Egnyte ( and all reputable cloud vendors ) offer end-to-end encryption , some customers require a greater degree of control of their content . Letting customers manage the encryption keys can give them finer control over security and access to the information stored via the Egynyte services — whether that involves blocking a malicious intruder or responding to a government subpoena .
In a time when the government is trying to compel Apple to break its iPhone encryption , it puts a spotlight on the idea of giving customers control over encryption instead of the vendor .
The customer-managed service is built into the Egnyte admin control panel and it supports a number of third-party key management services including Microsoft Azure Key Vault , Amazon Cloud HSM or a KMIP-compatible on-premises HSM such as SafeNet .
Giving customers an encryption key management choice is consistent with Egnyte 's overall philosophy around storage .
“ We have been agnostic over the last couple of years about where our customers store their data . They can keep it in the Egnyte cloud or an AWS S3 bucket or any object store that 's out there . Expanding the scope of HSM choices serves those customers better , ” Egnyte co-founder and chief security officer , Kris Lahiri told TechCrunch .
The new key management services have been driven in large part by customer demand , Lahiri said .
“ Since Prism/Snowden and other inflection points , it 's been more important for enterprises to get a feeling of control about how they are managing their encryption keys . Regardless who is snooping [ or demanding access ] , it 's about giving customers control , ” they said .
That control has the potential to be a double-edged sword however , Lahri explained . If you mess up on the management , it could have serious consequences . That means it 's important to educate the customer and give them the tools to manage their encryption keys properly .
“ When the customer takes on the responsibility of managing the encryption keys , it comes with a lot of responsibility because of the fact if you lose access to your HSM or your administrator [ somehow ] messes it up , this company has lost access to all of its data , ” Lahri explained .
They said Egnyte has designed the tool to minimize this risk and walk customers through the process of creating and managing keys themselves if that 's what they want to do . For customers who do n't have the staff or the desire to do it themselves , they can let Egnyte manage that process for them via a cloud service .
Both methods give customers control over the keys , but the cloud service simplifies the setup and management process .
Egnyte is not the first cloud vendor to offer control over encryption keys . Box has had a service in place for about a year , and more recently began offering a managed cloud service using Amazon HSM . Egnyte is trying to differentiate itself by offering a broader set of choices , letting the customer decide which key management vendor to use and whether they want to be in charge of that process or let Egnyte help them .
Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like . Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
The end of a season is a time for reflection . The players on SanDiego State 's men 's soccer team look back at their losing season andsee a silver lining .
Second-year head coach Lev Kirshner guided last year 's squad to arecord of 6-12-1 . This year , SDSU finished with a 7-9-4 record .
“ I am pretty pleased , ” junior goalkeeper Brian Barnes said . “ Ourteam improved . This was the first time in my years here that the teamhas been a unit . That was the one thing that really carried usthrough the season . ”
The Aztecs were one win away from winning the Mountain PacificSports Federation title when they lost their conference finale toCal-State Sacramento . Just being in the situation of playing for theconference title was quite an accomplishment , and it was somethingthe team had n't done in some time .
SDSU went to the conference tournament seeded No . 4 but got upsetin the first round by No . 5 UNLV in a grueling match that was finallysettled with a shootout . In a bizarre twist , every win at thetournament was an upset .
Itended when No . 8 New Mexico defeated No . 7 Fresno State in the finalround . As the team moves on toward next season , it can reflect on theimprovements of this year .
Offense
The offense showed remarkable improvement this season despite aslow start . This year 's squad scored 38 goals compared to lastseason 's total of 25 . One of the big reasons the Aztecs improved wassophomore Kevin Sapanli , who missed most of last year with a tornACL . They rebounded in a big way .
Sapanli led the team with eight goals . They also had three assists , giving them 19 points , which tied for the team lead with seniorEnrique Tovar . Tovar is one player SDSU is going to miss .
Tovar led the team with 14 points a year ago and did not let upthis year . Besides being tied for the lead in points , they led the teamin assists , shots , shots on goal and penalty kicks . They were at hisbest during conference play and was often hailed by their teammates forhis part in the success during the season .
Although the Aztecs are losing Tovar , they look to be in capablehands as a lot of newcomers made a big impact on offense this season.One player in particular made their presence on the field known .
Freshman Eric Wohl is a local product from Rancho Bernardo HighSchool where , after scoring 35 goals and registering 13 assists , hewas named Palomar League Player of the Year and All-CIF as a senior.For the Aztecs , Wohl was second in goals scored ( 6 ) , assists ( 5 ) andin points ( 17 ) . Wohl also scored two goals in the final match of theseason against nationally ranked No . 15 USD .
“ He had theirs coming out party , ” junior Tyler Tinling said . “ We allknew they had the ability and it showed . ”
Defense
SDSU 's defense allowed 30 goals this season compared to only 25last season . They did play one more game this year , so the differenceis not as big as it would appear .
“ I think there is room for improvement , ” senior goalkeeper TimEdwards said . “ But overall , we stayed focused and played solid . ”
One thing they need to improve on is holding leads . They blewleads against Notre Dame de Namur , UCSB , Cal State Fullerton , UNLVand USD . The Aztecs were up 3-0 at the half in the tournament gameagainst UNLV before allowing the Rebels to tie the score at three andeventually win in a shootout .
Still , the defense was solid all year long . It was also given alot of help from some new faces . Freshmen Anthony Zoric , Greg Kaplanand Drew Piccone all saw a lot of playing time .
“ We had people at every position stepping it up , ” Barnes said. ” Our young guys were a huge part of that . ”
When you combine that new talent with veteran leadership ofplayers like Tinling and juniors Ryan Cook and Adam Kulpa it shouldprove to be a strong defensive team next season .
Goalkeeper
Head coach Lev Kirshner liked to brag that SDSU had the two bestgoalkeepers in the conference .
Edwards took over in the net earlier this year when the startinggoalkeeper Barnes went down with an injury . Edwards took advantage , and playing themselves into the starting role .
They finished the season having started 12 matches for SDSU , recording 62 saves to go along with three shutouts .
“ It was a great story for Tim to be the starter their senior year , ” Tinling said . “ We still have Brian for next season and we know they cando the job . ”
Barnes certainly knows how to do the job after , only a year ago , having been named first-team All-MPSF and setting a school record forsaves in a season with 90 . The Aztecs are in good shape in front ofthe net .
“ We were not going to turn the program around in a year , ” Barnessaid . “ You have to crawl before you can walk and walk before you canrun . ”
The overall improvement of the team this year and the talent ofthe young players could have SDSU off and running next season .
The Liberal party is competitive in several critical races in Ontario , but faces a challenge in the Toronto riding of University-Rosedale , where Liberal MP Chrystia Freeland is trailing the NDP 's Jennifer Hollett , a new poll for Postmedia suggests .
The survey , which was conducted by Mainstreet Research Sept. 28-29 , polled residents of six Ontario ridings where the Liberals are in a close race with the Conservatives or the New Democrats .
Although the Liberal party has overtaken the NDP nationally in recent days , what happens in Ontario , which holds 121 of 338 seats in the next Parliament , will likely decide whether it comes into power .
“ This election is going to boil down to all the regional races , ” says Quito Maggi , president of Mainstreet Research .
The policies of the Ontario Liberals — particularly , the sale of Hydro One , the new sexual education curriculum and labour disputes with teachers — may determine the outcome in ridings “ where it 's going to be decided by very few votes , ” adds Maggi .
One of the closest Toronto races is in University-Rosedale , a redistricted riding in which there is a strong NDP base .
With 37 per cent of decided voters , the NDP 's Jennifer Hollett , a former MuchMusic VJ , is ahead of the incumbent , Liberal MP Chrystia Freeland , an award-winning journalist , who has 31 per cent .
Meanwhile , Brampton East is shaping up as one of the tightest races in the Greater Toronto Area . The Liberals and Conservative are deadlocked here , each with the support of 31 per cent of decided voters . The NDP candidate lags with 21 per cent .
But the Conservatives have one thing the other parties do n't : many loyal voters . In Brampton East , 85 per cent of decided Tory voters said they were strong party supporters . In contrast , 52 per cent of decided Liberal voters and 57 per cent of decided NDP voters said the same .
“ When it 's so tight , the strength of that vote is hard to overcome , ” says Maggi .
In the Ottawa suburbs , the Liberals have a six-percentage-point lead on the Conservatives in Orleans , where retired general Andrew Leslie is running against incumbent Conservative MP Royal Galipeau . However , 22 per cent of voters says they are undecided .
Scarborough Southwest , where former Toronto police Chief Bill Blair faces NDP incumbent Dan Harris , is another close contest . Forty per cent of voters said they had decided on or were leaning toward the Liberals , while 37 per cent said the same of the NDP .
The Liberals also have an edge on the Conservatives in Don Valley West , a GTA riding where former Liberal MP Rob Oliphant is looking to reclaim their seat and has the support of 41 per cent of decided voters .
The Conservatives are in the lead in Chatham-Kent-Leamington , where incumbent Dave Van Kesteren has 36 per cent of the decided vote . But 21 per cent remain undecided and Conservative support is lower than expected .
National Post
A Texas science education official forced to resign in October was n't — as their bosses inisted — fairly punished for insubordination . Them real crime : daring to tell people about a lecture critical of intelligent design .
The Austin-American Statesman reported last week that science curriculum director Chris Comer 's ouster followed their circulation of an email announcing an upcoming speech by Barbara Forrest , co-author of Creationism 's Trojan Horse : The Wedge of Intelligent Design and an expert witness in Kitzmiller v. Dover . That lawsuit was brought in 2005 by Dover , Pennsylvania parents upset with a school board 's decision to teach intelligent design — the belief that some phenomena can only be explained as divinely manufactured — as a scientific theory comparable to evolution .
A federal judge sided with the parents and legally established intelligent design as religion , not science . But Texas education officials seem to disagree .
Hours after Comer used their work email account to forward the Forrest announcement to friends and a few online communities , Texas Education
Agency adviser Lizzette Reynolds emailed Comer 's bosses and called for them dismissal . A former legislative adviser to President Bush during their Texas governorship and later a Department of Education appointee , Reynolds wrote , `` This is highly inappropriate . I believe this is an offense that calls for termination or , at the very least , reassignment of responsibilities . This is something that the State Board , the
Governor 's Office and members of the Legislature would be extremely upset to see because it assumes this is a subject that the agency supports . ”
Education Agency officials mentioned Reynolds ' e-mail in their decision to fire Comer . Informing people about Forrest 's lecture , they said , `` directly conflicts with their responsibilities as the Director of Science … [ And ] implies endorsement of the speaker and implies that TEA endorses the speaker 's position on a subject on which the agency must remain neutral . ''
That a science education official should avoid politicization is understandable . However , supporting evolution is n't political ; it 's scientific . But even if that were not the case , Comer 's views were n't clear from their email , to which she 'd simply added an `` FYI '' above the lecture 's announcement . It was neutral — and that gives the lie to the
Texas Education Agency 's allegations .
As the Austin-American Statesman editorialized this weekend ,
The education agency , of course , portrays the problem as one of insubordination and misconduct . But from all appearances , Comer was pushed out because the agency is enforcing a political doctrine of strict conservatism that allows no criticism of creationism . This state has struggled for years with the ideological bent of the state school board , but lawmakers took away most of its power to infect education some years ago . Politicizing the Texas Education Agency , which oversees the education of children in public schools , would be a monumental mistake . This is n't the space to explore the debate over creationism , intelligent design and evolution . Each approach should be fair game for critical analysis , so terminating someone for just mentioning a critic of intelligent design smacks of the dogma and purges in the Soviet era .
In Texas , then , `` neutrality '' has become a term used by conservatives to preserve ignorance , equate informed debate with partisan heresy and push a radical agenda unsupported by verifiable fact . But it could backfire : next year , the Texas Board of Education will review the state 's science curriculum — and the nation will be watching .
State science curriculum director resigns [ Austin-American Statesman ]
Is misdeed a creation of political doctrine ? [ Austin-American Statesman ]
Image : Chris Corner , from the Austin-American Stateman
See also :
Dinosaur Tracksite Trail Opens in Moab Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting , Inc. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting , Inc. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting , Inc. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
MOAB , Utah ( ABC4 Utah ) The Bureau of Land Management Moab Field Office hosted a grand opening celebration for the Mill Canyon Dinosaur Tracksite Trail .
The short interpretive trail features more than 200 tracks , representing eight different types of tracks and six different dinosaurs .
An opening ceremony was held Friday in the parking lot at the Mill Canyon Dinosaur Tracksite Trailhead . Paleontologists were on hand to answer questions about the dinosaurs and other fossils in the area , including the best ways to view and enjoy them , how scientists study them , and how to protect these amazing resources .
The site was discovered in 2009 . Since 2013 , a professional team of paleontologists has uncovered , recorded , and studied the tracks . They discovered both meat-eating and plant-eating dinosaurs , as well as a bird and crocodile . Some of the most unique tracks belong to a relative of the famous Utahraptor . These new tracks were previously unknown in North America .
The trail was built with funds from BLM Utah , Canyonlands Natural History Association and private donations given to the Utah Friends of Paleontology .
Cape Town – The SAPS has spent more than R8m on eleven cars for President Jacob Zuma 's wives over the last five years .
In a Parliamentary reply published on Tuesday , Police Minister Nathi Nhleko told DA MP Zakhele Mbhele that the cars were bought in 2013 , 2014 and 2016 .
These included four Range Rovers , two Land Rover Discoveries , two Audi Q7s and three Audi A6s .
- Take a look at Wheels24 's gallery of the cars here .
Nhleko said these were bought to “ provide comprehensive protection of VIP Spouses ” .
Mbhele has slammed the expenses as a waste .
“ This amount of money could have funded 116 university students for a year , or 38 students for the course of a three-year degree , ” they said .
They said it could have been used to hire 61 additional police offices a year , and could have also provided jobs to 1 315 Expanded Public Works Programme workers .
Former Rep. Barney Frank ( D-Mass . ) slammed the administration 's ObamaCare rollout , calling President Obama 's claim that people could keep their insurance plans under the law a “ lie . ”
`` The rollout was so bad , and I was appalled — I do n't understand how the president could have sat there and not been checking on that on a weekly basis , '' Frank said in an interview with the Huffington Post published Friday .
ADVERTISEMENT
`` But frankly , they should never have said as much as they did , that if you like your current health care plan , you can keep it , ” they continued . “ That was n't true . And you should n't lie to people . And they just lied to people . ”
Republicans have hammered the Obama administration over the botched HealthCare.gov rollout and for saying that consumers would be able to keep their health insurance plans if they liked them . Many people said their old policies had been cancelled because of the health law 's new requirements .
The administration responded to the controversy by changing rules to allow consumers to keep old plans up to 2016 .
Earlier this week , the House Energy and Commerce Committee approved a bill that would allow people to keep plans that do not meet ObamaCare 's minimum standards .
The bill was proposed by Rep. Bill Cassidy ( R-La . ) , who is challenging Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D-La . ) in a key Senate race .
The Performance Program at School of Rock Vienna is our hallmark music program , where tens of thousands of students enroll each year . It consists of a weekly group rehearsal where kids and teens learn by playing rock music 's most iconic songs with a band composed of their peers . Students are assigned songs and parts that are tailored to them based on their age , experience and ability to learn new skills and concepts . Students then work through their parts in weekly private music lessons , refining the skills and concepts that those songs introduce . The goal of this curriculum is to prepare kids and teens for live performances . Every few months , School of Rock Vienna Performance Program students take the stage and play at local Vienna music venues in front of a live audience .
I first became aware of the concept of private blockchains several months ago when I watched a presentation by Preston Byrne of Iris Industries . Vitalik Buterin ( inventor of Ethereum ) was also presenting in that session , although not about private blockchains . I must admit I was very sceptical of the whole concept . The entire purpose of having a blockchain is so that no one can be prevented from putting a valid transaction on the ledger . With a private blockchain only an agreed list of people can create transactions . The problem , unlike on a public blockchain , is that it is very easy for a majority of participants to get together and prevent another from creating a transaction . The participants and the verifiers are the same people .
A few days ago it was announced that Brian Fabian Crain would be joining Iris Industries , so I decided to spend some time re-evaluating the whole concept of private blockchains .
I realized there is value in having a private blockchain instead of just using some other message passing / database technology . People want to be able to interact with a fixed set of people they do n't trust with fixed , known rules , and in private . With an Ethereum smart contract it is possible to have access control so only specific accounts can change the state , the rules are defined in the contract , and as it is on the public blockchain it is imposible to prevent another participant from creating a transaction . The disadvantage is that a smart contract on a public blockchain can only operate on public data . This is the primary reason why it is attractive to have a private blockchain . Another advantage of a private chain is that a transaction fee does n't have to be paid .
A few days later , Vitalik published a fantastic blog post On Public and Private Blockchains .
In their list of advantages of private blockchains they say `` The validators are known , so any risk of a 51 % attack arising from some miner collusion in China does not apply '' . I think the opposite risk is true . If the participants and the validators are the same people , they can ( and will ) collude . On the public blockchain , collusion is much harder .
I came up with a hybrid solution that could be the best of both worlds .
The idea is to have a contract on the public Ethereum blockchain that serializes encrypted transactions for a private blockchain . It has a permissions system so only permitted users can add a transaction .
Any participant who needs to know the current state can download any transactions from the blockchain that they do not have yet , decrypt them and apply them to their copy of the private blockchain .
This hybrid technique removes the problem of participants colluding to prevent transactions being confirmed . The smart contract on the public ledger is the authority of what transactions are on the private ledger . Previously , participants could have colluded and created the longest chain . This is no longer possible . The disadvantage is participants need to pay a transaction fee .
I have implemented this private ledger in Solidity .
Henderson ( centre ) training with the under-21s in Denmark
Liverpool 's new signing Jordan Henderson has dismissed concerns over fatigue ahead of playing for England at the European Under-21 Championship .
The 20-year-old midfielder , who has moved to Anfield from Sunderland , will play for the under-21s after a season in which they made 40 Black Cats outings .
Arsenal 's Jack Wilshere is not playing for England after fears of burnout .
`` I know there are managers and players worried about burnout and playing too much , but I feel fine , '' said Henderson .
`` Yes I 've played a lot , but I 've still got lots to give , still got energy . We are young and want to play football and can achieve something special for our country . ''
Wilshere decided to give the tournament in Denmark a miss as they felt they were `` not in the best condition '' to take part after playing 48 games for their club .
Liverpool striker Andy Carroll is also not in under-21 manager Stuart Pearce 's squad having struggled with injury towards the end of the past campaign .
But , with Henderson set to play in England 's opening game against Spain on Sunday , they are eager to gain experience and help their cause of building on the one cap they earned for the senior side against France in November 2010 .
`` At under-21 level , we feel there is a process whereby you can get passed through the ranks , '' added Henderson . `` If you do well , [ England manager ] Fabio Capello will notice - or Stuart Pearce will tell him .
`` He goes to a lot of the games to watch us and that is important to all the players who play in the under-21s . ''
Black Lung Returns , Female Congressional Staffers Paid Less , Chicago Public Schools Lie
Every Saturday , Working In These Times rounds up the labor news that we missed the week before . Email stories to mike @ inthesetimes.com
Following a joint investigation by NPR , the Center for Public Integrity , and the Charleston ( W.V . ) Gazette , the Mine Safety and Health Administration has announced that they are looking into tougher regulations to deal with a recent skyrocketing increase in black lung , which was once thought to be nearly eradicated in the mines . From NPR :
NPR and the Center for Public Integrity ( CPI ) have learned that the Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ) and the Labor Department are putting together a team of agency experts and lawyers to specifically consider how to bolster coal mine dust enforcement given the statutory and regulatory weaknesses detailed by NPR and CPI this week in stories about the resurgence of black lung . The effort includes discussion of how the agency might be more aggressive in filing civil and criminal actions against mining companies that violate coal mine dust standards , according to an internal Labor Department communication obtained by NPR . Black lung is the disease that steals the breath of coal miners and is both incurable and irreversible in later stages . It is caused by inhalation of excessive coal mine dust . An NPR and CPI investigation found that the disease has spiked in the last decade , especially in portions of Kentucky , West Virginia and Virginia . NPR and CPI documented weak enforcement by federal regulators and cheating by mining companies involving the system that is supposed to limit exposure to coal mine dust . From 1980 through 2002 , the Justice Department successfully prosecuted close to 200 mining company managers and contractors for falsifying mine dust compliance samples , according to federal records obtained by CPI and NPR . But MSHA says there have been no convictions since then . The agency declines to say whether there have been any attempted prosecutions since 2002 .
A new study shows that female Republican House staffers make on average $ 10,000 a year less than their male counterparts . From the National Journal :
House Staff Salaries For all House staff , women made on average $ 5,862.56 less annually than men . Although that may sound like a lot , compared with the national average it 's actually quite an improvement . In the House , women on the whole made about 90 cents on the dollar compared with men . The national average for 2010 was 77 cents on the dollar . The salaries : Female House staff made $ 56,671.15 ; male House staff made $ 62,533.71 . Female Republican House staff made on average $ 10,093.09 less annually than male Republican House staff . That 's good for 84 cents on the dollar , female to male . Female Republican House staff made on average $ 3,774.80 less annually than the average female House staff member . The salaries : Female Republican House staff made $ 52,896.35 ; male Republican House staff made $ 62,989.44 . Female Democratic House staff made on average $ 1,473.65 less annually than male Democratic House staff . That 's 97 cents on the dollar compared with men . It 's not parity , but it 's not far off . The salaries : Female Democratic House staff made $ 60,048.92 ; male Democratic House staff made $ 61,522.57 . Senate Staff Salaries For all Senate staff , women made $ 7,277.69 less annually on average than male staff . Female staff in the Senate made 89 percent of what male staff took home . That 's slightly less than the 90 percent that female staff made in the House . The salaries : Female Senate staff made $ 58,984.67 ; male Senate staff made $ 66,262.36 . Female Republican Senate staff made on average $ 9,805.85 less annually than male Republican Senate staff . That 's 86 cents on the dollar for female Republican Senate staff . The salaries : Female Republican Senate staff made $ 59,846.47 ; male Republican Senate staff made $ 69,652.32 . Female Democratic Senate staff made on average $ 4,916.46 less annually than male Democratic staff . Female Democratic Senate staff made 92 cents on the dollar compared with male staffers . The salaries : Female Democratic Senate staff made $ 58,449.55 ; male Democratic Senate staff made $ 63,366.01 .
The Chicago Teachers Union has obtained through a FOIA request internal documents that should that the Chicago Public School system lied about payments to the Chicago Police Department to avoid paying teacher 's their contractually granted 4 % raise . From the Chicago Teachers ' Union blog :
A newly-acquired secret agreement obtained in Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) lawsuit filed by the Chicago Teachers Union ( CTU ) confirms that Chicago Public Schools ( CPS ) diverted about $ 70 million , largely from teacher salaries and unemployment benefits , to avoid paying teachers a promised 4 percent contractual raise last school year . The money was instead given to the Chicago Police Department ( CPD ) , mostly as payment for services previously rendered under prior agreements . CPS then falsely told the media that these payments were “ owed ” to CPD , and that CPS “ had no choice ” but to make these payments . Records obtained from the FOIA lawsuit show that CPS has been paying about $ 8 million per year to CPD since 2002 for two police officers to be stationed at approximately 100 high schools to process arrests of juvenile offenders . The officers are supervised exclusively by CPD personnel . CPS provides , at its own expense , computer terminals connected to CPD for the officers ' use . CPS approved this continuing arrangement on February 24 , 2010 ( 10-0224-PR16 ) , authorizing the $ 8 million annual payments from January 1 , 2009 through December 31 , 2012 , for a total cost of $ 32.8 million . In 2011 , CPS claimed to be broke . On June 15 , 2011 , in their first meeting , the newly-installed Emanuel appointed School Board voted to cancel a promised 4 percent raise for teachers in the 2011-12 school year on the grounds that there was n't enough money in the budget and the district faced an alleged $ 712 million deficit ( 11-0615-RS2 ) . This also negatively impacted the pensions of any teachers who retired at the end of the 2011/12 school year . In 2007 , under Mayor Richard M. Daley and then-CPS chief officer Arne Duncan , teachers signed a five-year contract ending with the 2011/2012 school year that granted them the raises . But a month after CPS cancelled last school years 4 percent raises to CPS teachers , which would have cost an estimated $ 80 million , CPS then authorized a renegotiation of its CPD deal to pay the Police about $ 25 million per year , more than three times the agreed amount , for the same time period 2009-2012 , for a total increase of $ 70 million for these same services . It also approved a retroactive payment of $ 47 million for services already rendered .
Locked out Con Ed utility workers in New York are concerned that donations from Con Ed to a committee closely linked to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo may negatively affect them . From Crain 's New York :
As a labor dispute intensifies between Consolidated Edison Inc. and its unionized workforce , good-government groups expressed concerns that the utility giant gave $ 250,000 last year to the Committee to Save New York , a pro-business group set up at the urging of Gov . Andrew Cuomo . Con Ed confirmed Thursday that it gave the donation to the group , which spent $ 12 million in 2011 to bolster Mr. Cuomo 's economic agenda . The money came from shareholders and not ratepayers , a company spokesperson said . `` We agree with the committee 's goals , including fiscal discipline , low taxes and a business friendly environment , '' said a spokesperson for Con Ed . But the donation has raised questions from organized labor and good-government groups because the governor appoints board members of the state Public Service Commission , which regulates Con Ed . The commission is reviewing a request by Local 1-2 of the Utility Workers Union of America to force Con Ed to end its lockout of 8,500 workers
250 farmworkers in California who went out on strike to win union recognition were formally recognized as members of the United Farm Workers . From the United Farm Workers :
Washington : US President Donald Trump stepped up their war of words against the world on Thursday , firing on friend and foe alike even as their new top diplomat arrived for work .
Even Russia , with which Trump hopes to mend ties , was not spared : US ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said sanctions will stay until it ends its occupation of Ukraine .
Trump also returned to the charge against Iran , their spokesperson insisting “ nothing is off the table ” when asked about options for a military response to Tehran 's latest missile test .
The White House is drawing up expanded sanctions against Iran , hours after National Security Adviser Michael Flynn put Tehran “ on notice ” over the missile and support for Yemeni rebels .
Sources familiar with the planning told AFP the sanctions will likely be levied on individuals or entities linked to Iran 's missile program and imposed under existing presidential powers .
Trump themselves said many countries are “ really terribly taking advantage of us ” and even accused Australia of trying to foist more than a thousand “ illegal immigrants ” on the United States .
And , not content with bashing one close ally , they repeated their claim that the 23-year-old NAFTA trade agreement with Mexico and Canada had been a “ catastrophe ” for the US economy .
And into this maelstrom , on Thursday , walked the man that will have to help them guide US foreign policy through the years ahead , newly anointed Secretary of State Rex Tillerson .
– The new guy –
The 64-year-old Texan oilman , who left the chief executive 's suite at ExxonMobil to come to Foggy Bottom , was greeted on arrival at the State Department by around 2,000 staff .
“ Hi , I 'm the new guy , ” they told the crowd of diplomats and civil servants , before thanking them for their service and laying out the principles of their management style .
Trump 's pick as Washington 's top diplomat arrived to take charge of a department already simmering with indignation at the new administration 's hardline immigration policy .
In an unprecedented show of defiance , around 1,000 diplomats signed a “ dissent memo ” denouncing the suspension of refugee arrivals and a visa ban on seven Muslim-majority countries .
There is also deep disquiet about the aggressive stance that Trump , guided by their nationalist White House strategist Steve Bannon , has taken in the field of foreign relations .
But Tillerson sought to reassure their assembled employees that they respect their expertise and patriotism , receiving several rounds of warm but relieved applause during their speech .
“ I know this was a hotly contested election and we do not all feel the same way about the outcome , ” they told them .
“ Each of us is entitled to the expression of our political beliefs , but we can not let our personal convictions overwhelm our ability to work as one team , ” they urged the staff .
Admitting that , while the State Department 's 75,000 employees have an average of 11 years experience each , they had only been in their new post for 25 minutes , they vowed to get to work .
On their first day they spoke by phone to their Canadian and Mexican counterparts and met with Germany 's Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel , eager for assurances on European security .
Mark Toner , the department 's acting spokesperson , said in a statement that in all of their introductory calls the new secretary “ stressed America 's steadfast commitment to its key allies and partners as it works to protect the interests and safety of the American people . ”
– ‘ Not a bad thing ' –
Earlier , Trump had hailed Tillerson at a national prayer breakfast , declaring that the oilman 's friendship with foreign leaders like Russia 's Vladimir Putin would prove an asset .
“ Some people did n't like Rex because they actually got along with leaders of the world , ” Trump said , referring to concerns that Tillerson is too close to the Russian president .
“ You have to understand that 's a good thing , not a bad thing . They are respected all over the world and I think they will go down as one of our great , great secretaries . ”
If as supporters of the veteran executive predict the new secretary proves to be a steady hand on the tiller , not only US diplomats but America 's friends abroad will be relieved . – AFP
Khamis El Zakara is a Lebanese holiday . The name is from Lebanese Arabic . It is celebrated on the last Thursday before the first day of Lent , when Lebanese Catholics gather and indulge in alcoholic beverages .
This is an old tradition where Christians gather to finish all their meat and dairy before the 40 days of fasting .
Wine was the traditional alcoholic beverage and people were happy to gather and drink a lot of wine .
انه خميس السكارى وليس خميس الذكارى ؛ نعم خميس السكارى وهو ليس بعيد ديني انما هو منبثق من عادات وتقاليد لدى المسيحين القدامى الذين كانوا يجتمعون من نهار الخميس لينهوا كل ما لديهم من مونة من البان واجبان ولحوم طوال ٤ ايام لعدم وجود برادات لحفظ اللحوم والاكل حينها ؛ وكان النبيذ هو المشروب الروحي الاول وكان البعض من فرط فرحتهم بلقاء العائلة وبساطة العيش يفرطون بشرب النبيذ من هنا اتت التسمية؛ كلمة الذكارى غير موجودة في المعجم العربي ؛ويحاول البعض ربطها بعيد تذكار الموتى الا ان الكنيسة خصصت اسبوع كامل لتذكار الموتى قبل بدء الصوم.ولا توجد اي ديانة سماوية تحبذ السكر بل هي عادات متوارثة فلا داعي من الخجل في التسمية الصحيحة، .
Senior citizens in Florida are learning how to use an item they thought of as a crutch as a weapon of self-defense.It was president Theodore Roosevelt who said of foreign policy , `` speak softly , and carry a big stick . '' You might not , however , expect that axiom to be adopted by a cane-toting 83-year-old grandmother . `` You learn how to use it , not just for walking '' says Alice Hays , grandmother . Hays started in kickboxing at Revolutionary Martial Arts in Venice , FL , and has since graduated to what they call extreme cane defense , or , if you will , Cane-Fu . `` Every time I come out of the grocery store I use my peripheral vision . You never know who 's going to be there '' says Hays . Hays says she 's ready to defend herself . When we watched their take on 68-year-old Alfonzo Mitchell , we were shocked to see how serious both of them were . `` I 'm going to try to the best of my ability to put them down , 10 seconds or less , that 's going to be in my mind '' says Alfonzo Mitchell , classmate.Taking someone down with a cane ; an item Kerry Henze once viewed as a crutch . `` I thought I 'm using it because I ca n't move around , and now I see it as a weapon '' says Kerry Henze . To understand the importance of this class , you have to talk to the instructor , Buck Buckmaster . For him , it 's personal . `` My mom was attacked here in Venice . They were working at a convenience store . They were 69 . They were beaten and robbed '' says Buckmaster . Buckmaster teaches their students how to use their cane to defend and when necessary , attack . Mitchell defended themselves against five others by swinging their cane about above their head . While they 're all very serious , the group has formed a tight bond and enjoy ribbing each other . For instance , a great laugh was had when Mitchell accidentally knocked themselves about the head . `` Martial arts is about not fighting . It 's about getting out of the way and not getting yourself in that situation . But once you do knowing you have the confidence to protect yourself '' says Buckmaster . According to Jim O'Hara , in today 's day in age you must learn to defend yourself.People who have lived through so much , learning how to defend their life if the moment arrives . `` I love life and I want to be around a while '' says Hays . Revolutionary Martial Arts do these classes three times a week . Anyone is welcome who wants to join of any age group .
Justices say the ban on residents of countries traveling to the US can take full effect even as legal challenges against it make their way through the courts
The US supreme court ruled on Monday that a ban ordered by Donald Trump on travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and two other countries could be immediately imposed while multiple court cases challenging the ban are resolved .
The ultimate disposition of the ban was expected to take months to resolve . But the 7-2 ruling by the high court was a blow to anti-discrimination advocates , who vowed to protest against the decision .
Trump travel ban : US appeals court allows partial implementation Read more
The ban means that the United States would categorically refuse entry visas to prospective travelers from Chad , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Syria and Yemen , plus North Korea and Venezuela .
Under an executive action announced in July , an exception would be made for travelers with “ bona fide ” links inside the United States such as documented business purposes or close family relationships .
The ruling does not mean that the supreme court has accepted the ban as constitutional , but that it finds persuasive the Trump administration 's argument that an emergency injunction against the ban was unnecessary .
The high court is expected to weigh the ban on its merits – and to rule on whether it violates constitutional protections against discrimination – in the coming months .
Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissented from the ruling . But notably , justice Elena Kagan , a Barack Obama nominee , sided with the majority .
The US attorney general , Jeff Sessions , hailed the ruling as “ a substantial victory for the safety and security of the American people ” , despite the advice of terrorism scholars who say that security justifications for the ban are misleading .
The progressive Center for Constitutional Rights decried the supreme court ruling in a statement .
“ We will not allow this to become the new normal , ” the center said . “ Whatever the courts say , the Muslim Ban is inhumane and discriminatory . We must continue to demonstrate that we reject and will resist the politics of fear , anti-Muslim racism , and white supremacy . ”
The Trump administration has denied that the ban is discriminatory along religious lines . But the president themselves may have undercut that argument , legal analysts said , by tweeting anti-Muslim videos from a British far-right group late last month .
The president 's first ban , issued in January , was chaotically rolled out and quickly blocked by a series of lower court rulings . The second attempt , a more streamlined version of the first , was also blocked by the lower courts but eventually allowed to come into effect in a limited form over the summer .
Lawyers challenging the administration 's successive travel bans have argued that each iteration of the restrictions suffers from the same discriminatory intent , evolving from Trump 's pledge as a presidential candidate to enforce a “ total and complete shutdown ” of Muslims entering the United States .
The San Francisco-based ninth US circuit court of appeals and the fourth US circuit court of appeals in Richmond , Virginia , will be holding arguments on the legality of the ban this week .
Both courts are dealing with the issue on an accelerated basis , and the supreme court noted it expected those courts to reach decisions “ with appropriate dispatch ” .
Quick resolution by appellate courts would allow the supreme court to hear and decide the issue this term , by the end of June .
Following the supreme court ruling on Monday afternoon , lawyers involved in the current challenges to Trump 's ban vowed to continue fighting .
Omar Jadwat , director of the American Civil Liberties Union 's immigrants ' rights project , who has argued the case in the fourth appeals circuit said in a statement : “ It 's unfortunate that the full ban can move forward for now , but this order does not address the merits of our claims . ”
They added : “ We continue to stand for freedom , equality , and for those who are unfairly being separated from their loved ones . We will be arguing Friday in the fourth circuit that the ban should ultimately be struck down . ”
MUMBAI : The Udipi Idli House , a highly rated restaurant in Matunga ( E ) , has found a way to combat the rising prices of toor dal while not increasing the menu rates.For the last 15 days , the restaurant is charging Rs 13 extra from the patrons who leave the sambaar and rasam unfinished . The restaurant management says that several patrons order extra bowls of sambaar and rasam but end up wasting it , and those who do n't have a taste for such items can always ask the waiters to leave it out of their orders.Toor dal costs Rs 145 to Rs 175 per kg in the wholesale market , and Rs 200 per kg in the retail market . Shooting prices of pulses has resulted in a severe backlash for the BJP-led governments at the Centre and in the state , with slogans such as 'Arhar Modi ' grabbing the headlines.The management at the Udipi Idli House -- launched 10 years ago - said that the restaurant has always discouraged patrons from wasting food.For the last 10 days , the staff has put up notices at all the tables , saying an extra Rs 13 will be charged for wasting sambaar and rasam.The restaurant manager , KN Kamat , said , `` We wanted to ensure that the patrons do n't miss the notice . We could have done the easier thing by increasing the menu rates , but that would have upset our regular patrons . `` Kamat said that the idea has brought about the desired result . `` Many customers ask for extra helpings of sambaar and rasam , and end up wasting it . From the time the notices have been put up , there has hardly been a problem . Our intention is not to penalise , we just to discourage wastage , '' they said.Another employee told Mumbai Mirror that the waiters are also instructed to request the patrons to finish the food . `` At times , customers say the sambaar was cold . We offer to replace it with hot sambaar . If they still waste it , we charge them Rs 13 extra , '' the employee said.The restaurant runs the risk of running into trouble because the extra Rs 13 is not mentioned in the bill . However , old-time patrons insisted that they will support the restaurant 's campaign.Rajul Zaveri , a resident of Matunga who is a regular at Udipi Idli House , said , `` I am happy the restaurant has taken a stand against wastage . It also shows that the management believes in serving fresh food . `` Harjyot Kaur , an IT professional who frequents the restaurant , said that the notice serves as a reminder . `` I have seen a lot of people wasting food . The notice is difficult to miss and remains at the back of your mind , '' they said.Several restaurants admitted that they have increased the menu rates after the toor dal prices shot up . Manjunath Pujari , manager of Mysore Cafe at Matunga , said , `` We had to increase the prices . Pulses form the base of our food items and there was no option . Our business was taking a hit . `` Devrath Kamath , owner of the 75-year-old Cafe Madras , said their restaurant raised the prices by five to 10 per cent a month ago , because they were finding it difficult to `` cope up '' . `` The rising prices of pulses is a major concern . But everything is getting expensive ... We will wait and watch for two months , '' they said .
Star Wars Episode 7 : The Force Awakens is now only two months away from release , and final details about what to expect are beginning to appear . One piece of news that has emerged is the film 's running time .
Following the Nerd has reported that The Force Awakens will run 136 minutes , and in the UK carry a 12A certificate . While this has not been confirmed by Disney or Lucasfilm , the site did state that they were `` 100 % certain '' that the information was correct .
This running time will put the picture in line with previous movies in the franchise . While Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back both clocked in at just over two hours , Return of the Jedi and all three prequels topped the 130-minute mark . 134 minutes will place The Force Awakens at a minute longer than The Phantom Menace , but shorter than either Attack of the Clones or Revenge of the Sith .
The UK certificate is the same as the one given to all of Marvel 's recent superhero films , and is the equivalent to a PG-13 . While the US certificate is yet to be announced , it is expected to be in line with this .
Earlier this week , director JJ Abrams confirmed during a panel discussion for Vanity Fair that while they did have final cut on the film , it was still very much Disney 's property . `` When you do a Disney project , there 's a clause in there that you kind of go , 'Well , if I were a lawyer I could probably drive a truck through it ' , '' they said , via Indiewire .
The implication here was that Disney still had to right to take the movie from the director if they were n't happy with results . Nevertheless , in the interview Abrams was full of praise for the studio . `` They 're not trying to 'Disney-fy ' it , '' they said . `` They 're not doing anything other than , I think , an incredibly smart thing , which is letting Kathleen Kennedy -- who is a remarkable person and producer -- run and lead Lucasfilm to a place where I think it wants to go . They let us make the movie we wanted to make . ''
Star Wars Episode 7 : The Force Awakens will be released on December 16 in France and December 17 in the UK , before rolling out across the US on December 18 . It stars John Boyega , Daisy Ridley , Adam Driver , Oscar Isaac , Max von Sydow , Harrison Ford , Carrie Fisher , and Mark Hamill .
VR Mobile Crane Simulator Announced from ITI
Woodland , Washington | September 9 , 2016
Industrial Training International ( iti.com ) , a world leader in training and technical services regarding cranes , rigging , lift planning and rigging engineering has announced the development of a virtual reality ( VR ) mobile crane simulator product which it plans to formally unveil at CONEXPO ( www.conexpoconagg.com ) in March 2017 .
The VR Mobile Crane Simulator product development began in August of 2016 following an ITI Customer Advisory Meeting held at Mammoet USA headquarters in Rosharon , Texas that hosted 30 participants focused on discussing a few key initiatives that the company proposed for consideration including VR . This event was hosted by Sheldon Redpath , Global Head of SHE-Q for Mammoet ( pictured to the right using an Aerial Work Platform VR Simulator ) , in an effort to advance the crane and rigging industry in a few key ways utilizing recent technological advancements .
Prior to ITI 's customer meeting , it had developed strong ties with two organizations as it began investigating the VR space , `` We have been interested in simulation-based training solutions for several years and had nearly purchased our own simulators to distribute to customers and use in training . We principally decided against these investments as we did n't believe existing simulators would deliver enough value to our customers at the costs required mainly due to high price points and the inability to process enough trainees in a given year because of general immobility . A survey we conducted earlier this year asked simulator owners their opinions about their experience and they reflected negatively on a few aspects we hope to remedy with our VR simulator development , '' ITI President Zack Parnell reflects .
The main customer complaints that ITI hopes to remedy with its approach to simulation include :
Price Point - The high-price of simulators were a driving factor in why most have not purchased a simulator in the past according to ITI 's research . High price points , though typically overcome by quality or high-utilization , have remained in the crane simulator business due to a limited supply of crane simulator manufacturers and the high-cost hardware sales approach that requires the customer to pay a front-loaded price like buying a car with cash . ITI has mimicked its e-learning distribution approach in which customers pay for actual course or simulation use , a subscription approach , identical to most successful software companies . The hardware is distributed very near actual costs of the VR headset and controls . This approach benefits the customer and ITI in a growing ecosystem by allowing ITI to continue to develop additional courses and course updates at no additional cost to the customer .
Minimal Use - I n ITI 's research , existing owners of simulators tended to agree that they were unable to achieve sufficient utilization of their simulators . ITI has also found this to be true in its qualitative research and associates the problem to the high cost of existing simulator products which make it difficult for employers to purchase multiple units and provide adequate access to their workforce , as well as very poor user experience of smaller , mobile units that utilize a small screen-display .
Overall Quality & Customer Satisfaction Score - Respondents in ITI 's research who own simulators produced a Net Promoter Score of -16 % , a metric that benchmarks overall quality and customer satisfaction on a scale of -100 % to +100 % by asking `` How likely would you recommend this product to others ? '' . ITI 's other core businesses have much higher NPS scores , for instance , its Training Centers have experienced Student NPS above 70 % over a two-year period . Additional quality and customer satisfaction issues , outside of those mentioned above , have included a generally poor user experience visible in the following respondent comments : Crane simulators are so unrealistic - my field of vision is so limited that I can not see the boom tip . Our simulator is nothing like a real crane cab . It is a toy . It gets our trainees only 5 % of the training they need and we ca n't get everyone needed to the office it sits in so we 've been pretty frustrated with the ROI .
- Respondents in ITI 's research who own simulators produced a Net Promoter Score of -16 % , a metric that benchmarks overall quality and customer satisfaction on a scale of -100 % to +100 % by asking `` How likely would you recommend this product to others ? '' . ITI 's other core businesses have much higher NPS scores , for instance , its Training Centers have experienced Student NPS above 70 % over a two-year period . Additional quality and customer satisfaction issues , outside of those mentioned above , have included a generally poor user experience visible in the following respondent comments :
In addition to its customers , ITI had learned a great deal from experts in the VR industry prior to deciding on the large development investment . Serious Labs , Inc. ( www.seriouslabs.com , SLI ) has been selected as ITI 's development partner for a planned library of crane and rigging-related simulations that has commenced in August of 2016 with the mobile crane simulator . SLI , with offices in Edmonton and Calgary , has deep expertise in the serious game genre and virtual reality simulation .
`` As VR was becoming commercially viable earlier this year with Oculus Rift and others headset manufacturers , we began looking for experts on the cutting-edge of that space as we believe the user experience and low distribution cost of VR makes it a winner for our customers . We could not have found a better partner than Serious Labs , '' commented Mr. Parnell .
Serious Labs , Inc. develops advanced simulator and game-based training systems for high-stake jobs in the global construction , mining , and oil and gas industries . ITI and SLI aim to overhaul the mobile crane simulator business with three main objectives :
Provide an incomparable , totally immersive user experience . Remove barriers to entry with a subscription model and low capital costs . Open up simulator training to all applicable team members by making access and utilization simpler than ever before .
These deliverables will be accomplished through the following features :
Growing Course Library - In addition to the initial simulations available in the library , additional planned simulations include overhead cranes , tower cranes , rigging , and assembly/disassembly of cranes .
In addition to the initial simulations available in the library , additional planned simulations include overhead cranes , tower cranes , rigging , and assembly/disassembly of cranes . Equipment - The ITI Mobile Crane Simulator leverages the technology of VR to allow a fully immersive experience that lays two inches away from the user 's eyes .
- The ITI Mobile Crane Simulator leverages the technology of VR to allow a fully immersive experience that lays two inches away from the user 's eyes . Desktop & Motion-Base Versions - Two hardware models are available a fully mobile desktop version and an immersive , though still mobile , Motion-Base Simulator .
- Two hardware models are available a fully mobile desktop version and an immersive , though still mobile , Motion-Base Simulator . Learning Management & LMS Integration - Integrate ITI VR training with your current learning management system enabling employee training paths , and could be used for candidate screening , operator qualification , and record keeping .
ITI VR is currently deep into the `` development '' phase of the project with operating prototypes currently available . ITI will provide a `` first look '' at its VR Simulator at the upcoming SC & RA Crane & Rigging Workshop Product Fair , Thursday , September 22 in National Harbor , Maryland . For more information and to register visit the event website .
ITI is accepting reservations for both hardware models at this time . Both the Desktop and Motion-Base hardware packages can be reserved for $ 1,000 . A Beta-Version Reservation is also available in which customers can immediately receive their computer system and Oculus Rift VR headset to participate in the development process by experiencing the simulations in development .
The official product launch will take place in March 2017 at the ITI Exhibit at CONEXPO-CON/AGG ( http : //conexpoconagg.com/ ) in Las Vegas .
For more information , visit www.iti.com/vr or contact Caleb Steinborn , E-Learning Specialist at ITI , at caleb @ iti.com .
Let 's be clear about what 's being contended here : Responding to a poll by a logo company , 58 % of 2,225 American Google users aged 18 to 35 `` said it was the Doodle novelty that prevented them from using other search engines and made them stick with Google . ''
So we 're not talking about the public at large , but rather a subset of a group of younger Google users who are interested enough in Google Doodles to respond to an opinion poll about Google Doodles .
Nevertheless , I feel compelled to ask : Are you kidding me ? You mean were it not for the Doodles these folks would be off flirting with Bing ?
If only my children were so easily satisfied .
Conducted by The Logo Company , the popularity-contest portion of the poll allowed respondents to choose multiple options and produced this list of favorite Doodles :
Pacman ( 2010 ) - 70 % London Olympics ( 2012 ) - 69 % Robert Moog ( 2012 ) - 65 % Freddie Mercury ( 2011 ) - 64 % Les Paul ( 2011 ) - 59 % Charlie Chaplin ( 2011 ) - 55 % The Muppets ( 2011 ) - 51 % John Lennon ( 2010 ) - 47 % Lucille Ball ( 2011 ) - 41 % Jules Verne ( 2011 ) - 39 %
Make of the results what you will .
And , if you have time to burn , a working version of the Pacman Doodle can be found here .
Over twice as many prescriptions for opioid painkillers are written for patients in the South and Midwest than in other parts of the country – according to a new Vital Signs report released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Alabama , Tennessee , and West Virginia lead the nation in opioid prescribing , with at least 138 prescriptions written for every 100 people in 2012 .
Fewer than 60 prescriptions for opioids were written for every 100 people in New York , Hawaii and California .
The CDC says the variation in prescribing rates “ can not be explained by the underlying health status of the population. ” It analyzed 2012 prescribing data from retail pharmacies collected by a commercial vendor , and calculated prescribing rates by state for various types of opioid painkillers .
Nationwide , 259 million prescriptions for opioid painkillers were written in 2012 , enough for every adult American to have a bottle of pills . The CDC estimates that 46 people died daily from painkiller overdoses that year .
“ Prescription drug overdose is epidemic in the United States . All too often , and in far too many communities , the treatment is becoming the problem , ” said CDC Director Tom Frieden , MD . “ Overdose rates are higher where these drugs are prescribed more frequently . States and practices where prescribing rates are the highest need to take a particularly hard look at ways to reduce the inappropriate prescription of these dangerous drugs . ”
One state that 's been successful in reducing the number of overdoses is Florida , where a crackdown on “ pill mills ” and doctors who overprescribe opioids began in 2010 . About 250 pain clinics have been closed in Florida and the number of high-volume oxycodone dispensing prescribers declined from 98 in 2010 to zero in 2013 .
From 2010 to 2012 , the number of drug overdose deaths in Florida fell 16.7 % , from 3,201 to 2,666 . The decline in overdose deaths from oxycodone alone was over 52 % , far exceeding the decline in deaths from all other opioid pain relievers .
“ The temporal association between the legislative and enforcement actions and the substantial declines in prescribing and overdose deaths , especially for drugs favored by pain clinics , suggests that the initiatives in Florida reduced prescription drug overdose fatalities , ” the CDC said in a separate report .
The report does not mention the severe impact the crackdown has had on legitimate pain patients in Florida , many of whom have difficulty getting their opioid prescriptions filled by pharmacies .
“ All politicians care about is the numbers and screw all the legitimate pain patients who ca n't get anything filled . I am hearing from legit patients who are suffering so badly with no medicines because of the state government here , ” said Donna Ratliff , a Florida pain patient and activist in an email to National Pain Report .
“ Florida 's legitimate pain patients are withdrawing , waiting weeks for medicines , and some patients are being cut in doses of their medicines by their doctors so severely . One man has even had 6 discs removed from their back along with 4 herniated discs that are still there . Their doctor cut their medicines in half in one month ! The man is in terrible pain . I really feel that the representatives of Florida are patting their selves on the back for success and do n't care what 's happening to these poor people ! ”
Some researchers have questioned the validity of much of the data used to estimate the number of prescription drug overdoses deaths , saying they have identified “ significant limitations in the evidence base . ”
Mason Cox admits they considered their options before signing a new three-year deal with Collingwood . Picture : Getty Images
MASON Cox admits they had thought long and hard about the opportunities available to them at Collingwood before signing a three-year deal in September with the club .
American Cox played 10 games last season in the VFL , with Brodie Grundy preferred as the Magpies ' senior ruckman .
As rival clubs circled , the 26-year-old sought conversations with coach Nathan Buckley , president Eddie McGuire and captain Scott Pendlebury that reassured them they were capable of forming an effective tandem with Grundy .
`` Opportunity always plays into it – obviously you want to play AFL every single week , '' Cox told reporters on Wednesday when first-to-fourth-year players started pre-season training .
`` I 've had long chats with Bucks , the president and Pendles , plenty of people at the club . There were a lot of free lunches , which was n't bad .
`` I had quite a few chats and I feel confident with what they 're doing with me and where the future is going to lead .
`` I 'm happy with where I 'm at and the decision I made . ''
Hawthorn , Richmond and the Brisbane Lions were among the clubs reported to be interested in luring the 211cm former basketballer .
Cox impressed in the lead ruck role when they filled in as Grundy served a two-match suspension for a round 20 tackle that knocked out North Melbourne 's Ben Brown .
They kept their spot when Grundy returned in round 23 and the pair combined well in an upset win over Melbourne .
`` Myself and Brodie obviously play similar positions , so it will be interesting to see how the pre-season goes with that , '' Cox said .
`` But hopefully , we 'll be able to play in the same team and I 'll be able to play that forward-ruck role .
`` I 'm more than happy to play either role – whatever is going to get me a game and is best for the team . ''
Cox has revealed they plan to remain in Australia long term regardless of how their AFL career unfolds and is in the process of becoming an Australian citizen .
Ruckman Mason Cox at training on Wednesday . Picture : Collingwood Media
Meanwhile , Jamie Elliott will meet Buckley and the club 's leadership group when they return on November 20 to discuss their recent arrest .
It is expected they will be sanctioned further by the club . They were fined $ 634 for being drunk in a public place and urinating in a bin on Sunday morning .
Three Stars ( leaderboard )
1 . Derrick Rose : 29 points ( .464 TS % ) , 6 rebounds , 4 assists
2 . Luol Deng : 13 points ( .341 TS % ) , 9 rebounds , played 50 of 53 minutes
3 . Carlos Boozer : 13 points ( .528 TS % ) , 16 rebounds
I 'm not too upset about a one-point loss that turned in New York 's favor because of two remarkable 3-pointers by Carmelo Anthony and four straight missed free throws by Luol Deng and Derrick Rose . One small change and the end result is different ; that does n't matter much .
But in a larger sense , the game was simultaneously reassuring and worrisome :
We got more evidence the Bulls have the skills and the mental fortitude to rally back from nearly any deficit , provided they have a fair amount of time .
And we also saw again what can happen to the Bulls ' offense when faced with a squadron of long , fast , amped-up defenders . Not that they 're alone in that regard , certainly , but it 's a weakness Miami — or even the Knicks themselves — will be glad to exploit in the playoffs .
Box Score
Record : 43-14 , first in the NBA
Next : Tuesday 4/10 vs. New York , 8:30 CT
Advertisements
The Alberta Serious Incident Response Team ( ASIRT ) is seeking video taken by anyone who witnessed a police encounter on Whyte Avenue the evening of the Oilers ' first playoff game last spring .
A 27-year-old man alleges their arm was broken during interaction with Edmonton police the night of April 12 , 2017 .
ASIRT wants to know if anyone witnessed the interaction between the man and police .
The Oilers played the San Jose Sharks that night at Rogers Place .
Edmonton police were patrolling late that night when they saw two men jaywalking across Whyte Avenue between 105th and 106th streets , ASIRT said in a news release Friday .
Police gave a 27-year-old man a ticket for jaywalking and then after further observation , arrested them for public intoxication .
They were handcuffed , put into a police transport van and later released .
The man 's lawyer later contacted Edmonton police to say their client had a broken arm from the police interaction .
ASIRT investigators said the incident happened between 11:15 p.m. and 11:45 p.m . They 're asking anyone who may have recorded the interaction on a mobile device to contact them .
ASIRT has jurisdiction over all sworn police officers in Alberta . It investigates incidents involving police that result in serious injury or death , as well as serious or sensitive allegations of police misconduct .
A while back I performed an experiment called build a better Solar System . The game was to make better use of the Solar System 's habitable real estate . In the game I was required to keep all of the Solar System 's planets ( and large moons ) and their orbital configurations . Just by switching the orbits of different planets and moons I built a Solar System with seven potentially habitable worlds ! Here is what it looked like :
This better system is a little different than the Solar System we have now . Venus became one of Jupiter 's moons , Jupiter took Mars ' orbit , Mars took Venus ' orbit , and Earth 's moon was switched out for Titan ( currently Saturn 's largest moon ) . Good stuff .
Let 's take this game to the next level . I want to build the ultimate Solar System . I want to build a planetary system with the most possible habitable worlds .
I hope you are not asking yourself why . It 's all about imagination . But , imagination constrained by science ( and , to a lesser extent , by reality ) . Imagine all the stories you could tell about a system with lots of habitable worlds ! Alliances , wars , vacations on other planets , even orbital trickery !
Let 's do this systematically . I 'll discuss one piece of the puzzle at a time , then we 'll put them together . Here is the layout . The first five posts are the original Ultimate Solar System , and the next three are newer add-ons .
1 . What kind of star do we want ?
2 . What kind of planets do we want ?
3 . What types of orbits should planets have ?
4 . Ninja moves : moons and co-orbitals
5 . Putting it all together : some ultimate planetary systems .
6 . Building an Ultimate Solar System with 16 stars
7 . The biggest tragedy in the history of the Universe
8 . The Ultimate Trojan 2-star planetary system
9 . The Ultimate Retrograde Solar System
10 . The Ultimate Engineered Solar System
Hope you enjoy it . Comments and questions are welcome !
Advertisements
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral arguments on Tuesday on two prominent cases that could have far reaching effects on Jewish-owned businesses and their employees . Both challenge the legality of an Affordable Care Act mandate requiring firms with more than 50 employees to provide contraception coverage as part of their insurance policies .
Jewish organizations have staked out positions on both sides of the issue , filing amicus briefs in what has become known as the Hobby Lobby case , and a similar suit invoking religious freedom protections on the one hand and reproductive rights on the other .
A national chain of arts and crafts stores operating as a closely-held corporation by the Green family , Hobby Lobby was founded by the family 's patriarch , David Green , a devout Christian , in the 1970s . They and their children , who claim to run it in adherence to biblical principles , are challenging the U.S. Health and Human Services Department and its secretary , Kathleen Sebelius , for what they see as the new health law 's undue burden on religious businesses . The case mirrors elements of Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. vs. Sebelius , which deals with a Menonite-owned wood cabinet manufacturer in Pennsylvania . The court linked the cases ; attorneys will argue both simultaneously on Tuesday .
Hobby Lobby 's owners ' “ sincere religious beliefs prohibit them from covering four out of twenty FDA-approved contraceptives in their self-funded health plan , ” the retailers ' attorneys wrote in their brief to the court .
The Affordable Care Act , however , prescribes financial penalties for violators of the law , which Hobby Lobby maintains is a violation of its owners ' rights under the free exercise clause of the First Amendment at the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 . That law forbids the government to establish laws that “ substantially burden a person 's exercise of religion ” unless a compelling government interest is served and that the law represents the “ least restrictive means ” of doing so .
So far , HHS has granted exceptions to the contraception mandate to non-profit organizations , such as religious charities , which Hobby Lobby and its supporters are quick to invoke as proof that alternatives exist to achieving the goal of universal contraceptive coverage for religion .
In response , HHS — backed by friend-of-the-court briefs by the Jewish Social Policy Action Network and the American Jewish Committee — claims that a for-profit corporation like Hobby Lobby , whose business of selling arts and crafts is not a religious undertaking , should not be granted an exception as the values are not necessarily those of its approximately 13,000 employees .
“ I actually think that this is a situation where religious free exercise rights are better protected by not allowing Hobby Lobby and Conestoga to do what they want , ” said attorney Hope Freiwald , partner at Dechert LLP and author of the brief on behalf of JSPAN , a Philadelphia-based organization that calls itself the “ progressive voice ” of the Jewish community . “ In this context , the corporations have positioned themselves as holding the mantle of religious free exercise , but I would argue that if you think about the importance of protecting the rights of religious minorities , if you think about the importance of protecting the interest of peoples whose practice of their faith may not conform to what is accepted at major institutions in this country , you 're much better off with the government 's view . ”
Freiwald drew a comparison to recent actions in Arizona , where companies were invoking a state law similar to the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act to claim that “ they could refuse to do business with homosexuals if it offended their religious free exercise . ”
Corporations already are forbidden to discriminate in hiring and promoting based on gender and religious beliefs , they pointed out , so they 're already used to certain governmental restrictions .
“ The Jewish community knows about discrimination ; it knows about the challenges of being a minority religious voice , ” said Freiwald . “ The best way to protect free exercise is to make sure that you 're protecting individual rights rather than corporate rights . ”
In its filing , the AJC asserted that there was no feasible alternative to ensure that women receive access to contraceptive coverage if companies decide not to provide it through employer-sponsored health plans .
“ The hard question is , as it should be , whether the government has a compelling need to override your religion , ” said AJC counsel Marc Stern . “ We think [ that ] in the equality of women and protecting their ability to make choices , there is n't any other way to make sure that most women have access to whatever form of contraception they either need or choose to use other than this . ”
The perspective of many in the Orthodox Jewish community in these cases is reflected in a brief filed by the Jewish Commission on Law and Public Affairs by Orthodox attorney Nathan Lewin of Lewin & Lewin LLP .
Their brief is joined by seven Orthodox organizations : Agudas Harabbanim , Agudath Israel of America , the National Council of Young Israel , the Rabbinical Alliance of America , Rabbinical Council of America , Torah Umesorah and the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America .
In an interview , Lewin called the brief original in its intent to bring a strictly Orthodox perspective on the issue , as opposed to interpreting precedent .
“ Basically , I 'm challenging the government 's theory that there should be a distinction between whether you run a business individually and whether you run it as a corporation , ” said Lewin . “ I want the Supreme Court to appreciate that there are religious observances , like Orthodox Jewish religious observances , that make no difference in terms of the burden on the person who is engaged … whether it 's through a corporation or not through a corporation . ”
An example Lewin pointed to is Judaism 's prohibition on working on the Sabbath . That prohibition extends to non-Jewish workers in the employ of a Jew ; Judaism makes no distinction , Lewin argued , between a Jewish employer and a Jewish-owned business . Through that lens , the government distinction between for-profit and non-profit corporations would fall apart .
“ There have been very , very , few briefs in the Supreme Court that have cited Jewish halachic authorities , ” said Lewin .
Both sides said the case will be a close decision . As in similar controversial issues , they believe that when the court hands down its decision at the end of the term in June , the outcome will likely be 5 to 4 .
Ilya Shapiro , a senior fellow in constitutional studies at the Cato Institute and editor of the Cato Supreme Court Review , said that the law should not hold corporations and individuals to different standards .
“ The basic idea is that individuals do n't lose their rights when they engage in social activity , when they associate in groups , or when they incorporate their business , ” explained Shapiro , who also filed an amicus brief in the cases .
“ So in the case of Hobby Lobby , where religious business owners try to conduct their business in accordance with their faith , they should n't be forced by the government to pay for certain procedures or medicines with which they have a religious disagreement . ”
dshapiro @ washingtonjewishweek.com
JNS.org contributed to this story .
Given an opportunity to replace every member of Congress , 60 percent of Americans would favor an all-inclusive congressional overhaul , while only 35 percent said they would keep some members , according to a NBC/Wall Street Journal poll released Thursday .
The new fire-them-all figure -- the highest percentage that poll has ever recorded -- appears as the government has been shut down for more than a week and the U.S. approaches a historic default on Oct. 17 .
Frustration with Congress has seen a dramatic spike , with multiple surveys indicating that Republicans face a larger portion of the blame . In October 2010 , the NBC/WSJ poll found that 47 to 50 percent of Americans opposed firing all members of Congress . But by August 2011 , 54 percent were ready to throw out every last lawmaker , and that number has been rising ever since .
Fred Yang , a Democratic pollster who helped conduct the poll , said the latest numbers suggest that Americans are very frustrated and want Congress to resolve the shutdown before the debt ceiling deadline .
“ This is n't the calm before the storm . This is the storm before the storm , '' Yang said .
Some sectors of the population were more eager than others to throw out the entire Congress . Seventy percent of rural voters and white independents said they would replace every legislator , while 67 percent of those in Republican-held congressional districts agreed . Consistent with previous polling on party blame , only 52 percent of those living in Democratic-held districts wanted to replace every lawmaker .
In another record-setting figure for the NBC/WSJ poll , only 14 percent of Americans believe the U.S. is on the right path -- a significant drop from 30 percent in September . NBC reports that 's the biggest single-month drop on that question since the shutdown of 1990 .
•Govt claims infection rate dropping
Cerebro Spinal Meningitis ( CSM ) has in the last 15 days killed 230 and affected 3,774 Nigerians amid the claim of declining infection rate by the National Meningitis Emergency Operations Centre ( NMEOC ) .
Despite speculations that vaccines are in short supply , the unit , set up by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control ( NCDC ) , yesterday maintained that the tackling of the epidemic was succeeding , as it held that the potency of the epidemic had been waning in the most affected states .
The fresh deaths from the disease require more action on the part of the agencies of government saddled with the task of tackling the outbreak.The NCDC , in a report yesterday , said the reactive vaccination campaign , led by the National Primary Health Care Development Agency ( NPHCDA ) , was successful in Zamfara and Sokoto states .
According to the document , as at May 9 , 2017 , 13,420 suspected cases and 1,069 deaths were recorded in 23 states , representing an eight per cent fatality rate . However , in the two weeks before , the most hit states of Zamfara , Sokoto , Katsina and Kebbi recorded a drop in incidence .
Specifically , Kebbi and Niger states reported zero death over the period . But earlier statistics suggested a rise in infection and casualty in parts of the country . According to the figures also released by the centre , 628 fresh cases were reported in week 16 , 1,935 for week 15 and the one before accounted for 2,127 .
The last report , which was released on April 26 , 2017 , showed the cumulative number of suspected cases recorded nationwide . The figures were put at 9,646 and 839 deaths from 43 local councils in 23 states . However , the latest document indicates that that infection rate rose from 9,646 to 13,420 while the casualty figure leaped from 839 to 1,069 across the 23 states in just 15 days .
It therefore means that the ailment killed 230 more people and infected 3,774 others within the period.The Chief Executive Officer of NCDC , Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu , said the concerned state governments were fully involved in the advocacy with a view to ensuring that the vaccines get to the right people and the most vulnerable .
They said : “ It is heartening to see the very high vaccination coverage achieved in communities targeted by the most recent campaign in Sokoto State. “ The response to the campaign has been excellent with a very high turnout of people at vaccination centres in Zamfara and Sokoto states . ”
Ihekweazu said efforts at securing more vaccines for the country were ongoing.He revealed that another batch was being expected in a couple of days , adding that the mobilisation of vaccines for other states remained a priority of the administration .
Besides vaccination , Ihekweazu said , NMEOC , with support from the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) , had deployed teams in the most affected states to support coordination , case management and surveillance activities .
“ The teams sent to Sokoto and Zamfara states are helping to improve sample collection and transportation , laboratory testing of specimens , clinical care of patients as well as building the needed capacity to control the outbreak , ” they added .
Ihekweazu said NMEOC had commenced a national meningitis prevention campaign , prioritising the states within Africa 's meningitides belt across the federation .
They noted that the advocacy would be driving prevention messages through the mass and new media as well as community structures to reach households and communities in the 19 northern states and the Federal Capital Territory ( FCT ) .
Ihekweazu said this would not only help to prevent the further spread of this outbreak , but would also help the preparedness for any future outbreaks .
They stated that the Federal Government and their partners would continue to collaborate on cushioning the effect of the outbreak in the affected communities as well as ensuring that the epidemic is controlled . “ Planning has already started to prevent future outbreaks and ensure better preparedness , ” the NCDC boss added .
Pope Francis speaks during an audience in the Paul VI hall at the Vatican on Sept. 5 , 2015 . ( Angelo Carconi/European Pressphoto Agency )
Pope Francis Tuesday will announce reforms to the Catholic Church 's marriage annulment process , the Vatican said Monday , changes experts predicted will help streamline it – not theological shifts in how the church understands marriage and divorce . However , some theologians speculated Francis had made the surprise announcement now in order to clear the decks for a major church meeting in October when broader debates will happen about how the church views sin and remarriage .
[ Update : Pope Francis simplifies marriage annulment process for Catholics ]
The Vatican said nothing about what kind of changes will be announced during the midday – Rome time – news conference . However the titles of the two decrees , Latin for “ The Gentle Judge , The Lord Jesus ” and “ The Meek and Merciful Jesus , ” led experts to believe Francis is seeking to make life easier for Catholics who civilly divorce and remarry outside it to stay in the church .
Francis set the stage for these discussions soon after becoming pope and has scheduled next month 's major meeting , called a synod , in order to open dialogue about hot-button family issues such as the place of remarried and gay Catholics in the church .
The issue of divorce and remarriage is seen as a major stumbling block for Catholics in some parts of the world . The Catholic Church teaches that marriages can never be dissolved , and in order to have a second church-approved wedding you have to get a church court to nullify your first marriage , or say it was n't fully legitimate to begin with . Catholics who do n't receive an annulment can not receive Communion .
One in four U.S. Catholics have gone through a divorce , and polls show half disagree that getting remarried civilly without an annulment is a sin ( 35 percent think it is ) .
At their weekly audience at the Vatican on Aug. 5 , Pope Francis told their followers that divorced Catholics who choose to remarry should not be treated as if they were `` excommunicated . '' ( Reuters )
Several theologians Monday predicted that the changes coming Tuesday would be tweaks that Francis sees as less controversial – including possibly making annulments free of cost or ending a church law change from the 1980 's that requires officials from two dioceses to approve an annulment .
“ Certainly Pope John Paul and Benedict wanted to tighten the way people got annulments . They thought it was too easy , ” said Monsignor Kevin Irwin , a professor at the School of Theology and Religious Studies at Catholic University . “ Maybe Francis is going to take [ that additional layer ] away . ”
The debate Monday was this : If Francis is taking care of less controversial changes in rules around divorces and annulments now , what broader issues might they have in mind for the synod ?
Irwin speculated that perhaps Francis would host a meeting that debated what the Catholic Church has for centuries considered the “ indissolubility ” of marriage . They noted that Orthodox Christianity sees divorce and the end of marriage as sinful – but a sin that can be overcome through penance .
It 's possible , they said , that such conversations will happen in October in Rome .
Patrick Hornbeck , chair of the theology department at Fordham University , predicted Francis will not open the door to the idea that marriages can be dissolved , but may focus on ways to bring people who do remarry outside the church back to Communion – a core ritual of Catholic life .
“ It does n't mean they 'd be saying divorce and remarriage [ outside the church ] is n't sinful , but there is a way to reconciliation despite that , ” Hornbeck said .
Francis has spoken several times of the need to reform annulments , as Catholics have complained that the process can take time and money to obtain one before they can take Communion again .
“ The sacraments give us grace , ” they said earlier this year to jurists of the church 's final court of appeals for annulments . “ And a marriage proceeding ” — like an annulment — “ touches on the sacrament of marriage . ”
“ How I wish all marriage proceedings were free of charge ! ” they added .
Irwin said Francis may also be considering expanding church-approved grounds for annulments to include a Catholic 's lack of knowledge of the annulment process and meaning .
Irwin said that when Francis was in Buenos Aires , the then-archbishop realized that a huge percent of people were in a second marriage outside the church . “ He thought , ‘ Maybe they do n't know the process . ' ”
Robert Kaslyn , dean of the School of Canon Law at Catholic University , said that the committee working on the annulments issue is pretty diverse , so it 's difficult to predict what could come on Tuesday .
Ahead of their visit to the U.S. later this month , Pope Francis encouraged women who have had an abortion to seek forgiveness from any priest during an upcoming “ year of mercy . ”
Stay up to date on the upcoming papal visit . Sign up here to follow Washington Post stories about Pope Francis 's visit to the United States and we 'll e-mail you as they are published .
This past Halloween , a non-Jewish acquaintance at the gym asked me what my children would be dressing up as when they went trick-or-treating . As Orthodox Jews , I explained to her , we do n't celebrate Halloween . The next thing out of my mouth surprised me .
“ We have a holiday in the spring called Purim where the kids dress up in costumes and receive candy and other gifts . ”
I knew Purim had absolutely no similarities to Halloween beyond the costume tradition , but I felt obligated to appease my gym friend . I wanted them to know that my kids were n't deprived of the joy and art of costumes and treats .
“ They knock on people 's doors asking for candy ? ” they asked , trying to disguise them shock . “ In the spring ? ”
I guess they pictured kids in costumes ringing doorbells , bags held out expectantly , seeking Twizzlers and Tootsie Rolls on a perfectly random April evening .
“ No , they just go to visit friends and family , ” I replied . They looked relieved , but there was a noticeable air of tension between us .
As someone who grew up Reform , celebrating both Halloween and Purim—albeit Purim to a lesser extent than I do now—I once considered Halloween to be the superior of the two holidays . In my adolescent world , it was an annual highlight , never mind that I knew nothing of the meaning behind the tradition . It was a chance to dress up and be creative . There was the Halloween I put on black tights and a black garbage bag over my head and said I was a California Raisin . There was the year I was a mini Pat Benatar , and the year I was borderline too old to trick-or-treat so I dressed up as a baby , complete with a pacifier and giant cloth diaper .
Though Halloween , too , is rooted in a spiritual concept , the multi-billion dollar cultural monster we know it as today seems more rooted in commercialism than anything else . Still , having grown up in the South with very few Jewish friends , celebrating Purim with the 15 other kids in my Sunday school class always paled in comparison . While I do have fond memories of the costume parade , where every girl was either Queen Esther or Vashti , and the haimishe Megillah readings , a few hamantashen ( usually filled with prune paste ) did n't compare to a sack full of Twix bars and Sugar Babies .
The Purim I celebrate now is very different . There are weeks of preparation involved , and an intangible excitement that stays with me long after the holiday ends . My family lives in a large observant Jewish community , where during Purim the streets are filled with people dressed in costume , delivering lavish gift baskets full of candy and baked goods and collecting tzedakah for schools and organizations . Our dining room table is quickly covered with sweets and baked goods from friends , which I now know to hide most so my kids ( and husband ) do n't wind up with stomach aches .
The full day of festivities includes a lively Megillah reading and ends with a celebratory meal with family and friends . Adult beverages are consumed , and the mood is merry . It 's a rich celebration far more intricate than I could have imagined .
I could n't figure out why the Halloween conversation with the woman at the gym left me feeling like I had picked up something heavy that I could n't set down . I wanted to tell them how much care and detail went into planning for the holiday of Purim , from the assembly and delivery of dozens of gift baskets to preparing the festive meal , to dropping everything in order to hear the Megillah . And more important , I wanted them to know the historical and spiritual meaning behind the holiday , how it 's about one woman giving up everything and risking their lives for their people . I felt like I did n't do the holiday justice by comparing it to Halloween .
So a few weeks later , back at the gym , I approached the same lady as they stepped off the treadmill and mopped their neck with a towel .
“ This might sound a little weird , ” I said , “ but remember when I was telling you about that Jewish holiday with the costumes a few weeks ago ? ”
They clenched their brow and nodded .
“ Well , I did n't want you to think it was just the Jewish equivalent of Halloween . It 's actually based on a historical event where a king 's evil advisor wanted to wipe out the Jews , but their queen , who was secretly Jewish , fasted and prayed and saved their people from harm . That 's the nutshell version , ” I said , with a nervous laugh .
They asked know what the costume connection was . I explained how God remained “ hidden ” during the miracles of the Purim story , and so we “ hide ” ourselves as well when we celebrate . Then I went into the tradition of mishloach manot , as well as the mitzvah of hearing the Megillah and giving to the poor .
They thanked me and we parted ways . Then I realized the strange sense of closure I felt . My sudden need to clarify the holiday had nothing to do with my sweaty acquaintance . It was I who needed to sort out the Purim of my past and the Purim of my present in my head . They were clearly different—so different , in fact , that speaking about them in the same breath awakened something in me .
Growing up , neither Halloween nor Purim held any particular meaning for me . They were both just enjoyable rituals that I was expected to participate in , and that was fine . But as an adult , I like that Purim is both physically enjoyable and spiritually enriching . My children learn about the mitzvahs of Megillah and giving to the poor—and even the fun parts like dressing up and eating junk are elevated to a spiritual level .
I 'm glad my conversation with the woman at the gym pushed me to reflect on my changing relationship with the two holidays . I 'm sure I 'll see them back there after the holiday , when I 'll have eaten myself into a sugar-induced stupor .
Leah Damski holds an MFA in Creative Writing from Columbia University and has completed a novel and short story collection . Follow them on Twitter @ leahdamski .
Previous : Halloweeen 2.0 ?
Related : Dressed Up
Monaco , the venue for Formula One 's blue riband event this weekend , was no better than a shambles on Wednesday as Britain 's Jenson Button was almost run over by a forklift truck while organisers struggled to complete building work and repair damage caused by an overnight fire .
There is always an atmosphere of genteel chaos in the principality during race week . Space is tight not only on the narrow streets that make up the circuit but also in the areas used by the teams to set up their motorhomes .
The problems are intensified because race week starts a day early here – Wednesday instead of Thursday – in order to give everyone a day off on Friday . And everything is further complicated by the fact that this is the second of back-to-back races , with drivers , engineers and officials still arriving from Barcelona .
After their near-accident Button , who won here in 2009 , called for a two-week break between the Barcelona and Monaco events .
They said : `` I would prefer it not to be back to back . I love this race and would love it if we could arrive on a Wednesday and it looked as beautiful as it does at every other race . It does n't , yet , and because it is such a special event we should have a good space before the race .
`` For a grand prix [ the extra day ] is not such a bad thing because it lengthens the weekend for the people who are watching . They come down and those lucky enough to be on a boat have four days instead of three and it does make it a show , which is good for the sport .
`` But it would be nice to have more time for all the guys . After the race in Barcelona , they take the motorhome down and then they are here and building again . We have sponsors , which we need , and you need good hospitality . ''
Button was almost struck as a forklift reversed . `` I was walking along talking to the guys . I was looking but they are n't as they were reversing .
`` I was never going to be injured seriously . They are n't going to kill me . They would have bumped into me . They are doing all they can but when it is back to back it is very difficult .
`` The guys are working non-stop to get it built . It makes it a bit difficult and dangerous – maybe we should be wearing hard hats in the paddock . ''
The damage to the track took place near turn one when a lorry used by workers to make improvements caught fire . The incident was witnessed by another British driver , Paul di Resta . `` I was at the first corner of the track doing a track walk with the BBC when it happened , so they got some film as well . We were there watching it .
`` The track got resurfaced there about four weeks ago . My concern is that it happened right on the entry and the apex and with the heat we have got just now , the temperatures are not going down much below 20 degrees , so the track temperature during the day must be about 45 degrees . ''
A browser extension being developed for Chrome and Firefox will let Web users create VPN-like connections to the Internet by routing all their traffic through a friend 's trusted connection .
Consumer VPNs—like the CryptoSeal service that shut down due to fears over government snooping—let users create secure connections to a VPN provider 's data center . The user 's traffic is sent to the rest of the Internet only after it gets encrypted and pushed through the VPN service .
The new `` uProxy '' will work in a similar way except that your traffic is routed through a friend 's secure connection before traveling to the rest of the Internet . Both you and your friend would need to have a browser extension installed and running for it to work . You could also use uProxy to route traffic through your home Internet connection when you 're out of the house and on a public Wi-Fi network .
`` uProxy routes one user 's connection to the Internet via a friend they trust , '' the makers of the technology explain on its website . `` Both users have to have uProxy installed . uProxy is intended to allow one user , with a safer and more secure connection to the Internet , to share their connection to the Internet with trusted friends and family , or even with themselves when they travel . By encrypting the connection between the two users , uProxy makes it much harder for an intermediate step on the journey to watch , block , or misdirect traffic . ''
uProxy would also help users find other uProxy users through chat services like Facebook or Google Hangouts .
The site notes that uProxy `` is not designed to be an anonymizing service . Services like Tor provide a much stronger guarantee that a user 's IP address is hidden from the target site as well as intermediaries . uProxy does not provide such a guarantee . ''
The proxy is only for Web traffic and thus does not affect file sharing tools like torrent clients .
uProxy is being developed by the University of Washington and Brave New Software , with funding from Google Ideas . Chrome and Firefox are the first browsers it will come to . For now , it 's in a limited release and you can apply for access here .
A Google Ideas event yesterday also spotlighted a new tool for protecting websites from DDoS attacks and a `` Digital Attack Map '' that tracks DDoS attacks in real time . `` Many websites face targeted digital attacks by people who aim to silence their speech . This tool and visualization specifically surfaces anonymous traffic data related to these attacks , letting people explore historic trends and see related news reportage of outages happening on a given day , '' Google said .
March : $ 3606.70
February : $ 2803.99
January : $ 4040.37
December : $ 5903.18
November : $ 3683.50
It 's silly day on the internet : April first . But you know what I 'm going to do ? I 'm going to tell you something that is no joke . We are working like dogs to get this release out and you know it 's coming . Because of your gifts we are able to bring it to you without worry or stress . We can not thank you enough.Congratulations to the generous ! Thanks to everybody that helped out in March ! Plant objects should be ready in a day or two , then there are just intruder checks , info screens and vampire/god guards to handle for the feature list to be complete . Once that 's done , I 'll be cleaning random crap for a while until the game is playable , as usual.Reward reminder : If you support us , you can pick either a Story Reward or a Crayon/Colored Pencil Art Reward . A Story Reward is basically a mini-Threetoe story ( examples ) and a Crayon Art Reward is a crudely drawn scene which we sketch , color in , and mail to you , anywhere in the world ( assuming your contribution covers postage , which is about a dollar almost wherever you are ) . We take personal requests for either reward as well , they they he . You can also be listed among the Bay 12 Champions
Legislation introduced in the House on Monday would prevent President Trump from receiving federally subsidized flood insurance , amid warnings that the effects of climate change could cause parts of their Mar-a-Lago resort and other south Florida properties to be underwater in coming years .
The bill from Rep. Earl Blumenauer Earl BlumenauerDems ready aggressive response to Trump emergency order , as GOP splinters Businesses need bank accounts — marijuana shops included Dem senator introduces S. 420 bill that would legalize marijuana MORE ( D-Ore. ) — titled the Prohibiting Aid for Recipients Ignoring Science ( PARIS ) Act — would ensure properties owned by a president or a president 's family members ca n't have access to subsidized insurance from the National Flood Insurance Program .
An analysis by Coastal Risk Consulting found that the Mar-a-Lago grounds in Palm Beach , Fla. , could be under at least a foot of water for 210 days a year because of tidal flooding .
ADVERTISEMENT
And it 's not just Mar-a-Lago , where Trump spent many weekends this past winter after taking office in January , that might be affected by rising sea levels resulting from climate change .
Trump 's oceanfront condos in Miami and their Doral golf course would also be threatened , according to projections by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the South Florida Regional Climate Change Compact .
Blumenauer wants to make Trump feel the potential effects of their withdrawal from the Paris climate accord , which made the U.S. one of only three countries in the world to abstain and drew anger from key longstanding allies .
The Trump administration also refused to sign onto parts of a Group of Seven declaration regarding climate change in light of the decision to leave the Paris pact .
“ The American people should not be responsible for bailing out leaders who ignore science to gain political points , while subjecting the United States — and the rest of the world — to the catastrophic effects of climate change , ” Blumenauer said in a statement . “ Trump may choose to reject science , but they ca n't ignore the impacts — especially as they happen in their own backyard . ”
Trump has said climate change is a “ hoax ” created by the Chinese , though their aides have largely avoided answering questions in recent weeks as to whether the president believes climate change is real .
U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told CNN 's “ State of the Union ” earlier this month that Trump “ believes the climate is changing and they believe pollutants are part of the equation . ”
`` Just because the U.S. got out of a club does n't mean we are n't going to care about the environment , '' Haley said .
AP Photo Fourth Estate Trump : The Black Swan Candidate By breaking the bounds of what we thought was possible , he 's already changed politics . How far will it go ?
Jack Shafer is Politico 's senior media writer .
When they announced their candidacy for the presidency in June , nobody in the press corps was predicting that Donald Trump would eventually become the Republican Party 's front-runner . Trump has never held public office , after all , never run a campaign . They are n't a war hero like Eisenhower . They are on their third marriage . Their business reputation has—let 's put it daintily—been challenged in many corners . Braggart , insult artist and vulgarian , Trump by all measures would seem a sloppy , underqualified candidate . Like Herman Cain before him , Trump has occupied this campaign cycle 's novelty slot .
As they climbed in the polls from a 3 percent starting point , nearly the entire pundit class seemed united in the belief that the next bodacious statement out of Trump 's mouth would vaporize their candidacy . But , no . Immune to the standard laws of politics , Trump has continued to rise in the polls , replacing the manageable disorder of a presidential politics with their chaos . Today—before a single vote has been cast—the least promising presidential candidate in more than a century is the presumptive nominee of their party .
Story Continued Below
How the hell did that happen ? What are we really looking at ? The best way to understand it is to realize that the Trump phenomenon is a Black Swan moment in electoral politics .
The Black Swan theory—or metaphor—was devised by risk analyst and writer Nassim Nicholas Taleb and fully realized in their best-selling 2007 book , The Black Swan : The Impact of the Highly Improbable , to describe unexpected , unprecedented , cataclysmic events that overturn established ways of thinking . As Taleb wrote , every swan observed in the West until the exploration of Australia was white , leading many to assume that all swans were white . But the single observation of a black swan invalidated the “ general statement derived from millennia of confirmatory sightings of millions of white swans , ” as Taleb put it .
To qualify for Black Swanhood , Taleb wrote , an event must be an “ outlier , ” that is , not expected ; it must carry an “ extreme impact ” ; and it must elicit from the population explanations after the fact that make it look as though it could have been predicted . Examples of Black Swan events : the 9/11 attacks ; the Indian Ocean tsunami of 2004 ; various market panics ; AIDS ; the sinking of the unsinkable Titanic ; the fall of the Berlin Wall ; and so on . It 's not that any of these events was totally unimaginable , it 's that all of them lurked outside our standard expectations and , when sprung , astonished us .
The Trump candidacy satisfies all three of Taleb 's criteria : Their success was not expected , it is having a huge impact on politics , and it is being subjected to massive post-hoc rationalizations that really do n't explain anything . The scale of the Trump surprise can only be appreciated by fanning through the press clips that followed their campaign kickoff . They were a joke , and they were in on it . They were a rambling , simple-minded speaker . They were a dangerous loose cannon : After Trump attacked the war record of Sen. John McCain in late July , the best-informed sources ( Dan Balz of the Washington Post ; presidential candidate Sen. Lindsey Graham ; New York Times reporter Nate Cohn ; and many others ) were predicting Trump 's demise . The Trump impact has been so universally acknowledged , I wo n't bother to link to confirming pieces . The “ explanations ” for their triumphs have become an instant cottage industry with some writers placing the credit ( or should that be the blame ? ) for Trump on the donor class for underspending against him , Ted Cruz ( who previously provided safe harbor for Trump ) , the Republican Party leadership for tolerating him , and the media ( for covering their every utterance ) , and angry white men .
None of these rationalizations really come to grips with how and why Trump was able to take flight as a Black Swan . For instance , nobody has thought to examine how defying the usual good manners of politics actually seem to have enhanced their candidacy rather than damaged it . Likewise , wild lies and half-truths that Trump has told , which would have scuttled a lesser politician , have been detected and exposed by fact-checkers at no apparent damage to their candidacy . Jeb Bush almost figured out the Trump method in December when they called Trump the “ Chaos Candidate. ” Alas , Bush meant it as an insult and indicative of Trump 's weakness , when sowing chaos is really one of Trump 's best political weapons , whether it arrives in the form of a sizzling one-liner or ultimatum delivered to a network broadcasting a debate . In the normal order , Trump 's outré moves would alienate voters . Instead , voters seem to warm to them and the Republican powers seem to be warming to the inevitability of their nomination .
The world keeps going after black swan events . The United States of America will survive if Trump is nominated—and even if they are elected to the White House , not once but twice . After all , it has survived 9/11 , AIDS and the financial collapse . But Black Swan events do more than unsettle civilizations , they emit shock waves , and change the culture 's idea of what is possible and what can be endured , inspiring imitators and new Black Swan artists . The Black Swan event of 9/11 caused us to harden our transportation infrastructure and our most vital buildings . But it also prompted the growth of the surveillance state , caused an uptick in the number of students studying Arabic in our schools , placed another layer of security atop banking and encouraged Major League baseball teams to add the horrendous singalong of “ God Bless America ” to the 7th inning stretch .
The country survived , but it 's a different place because of what we realized was possible .
What will Trump 's Black Swan transform ? It has already diminished—temporarily , perhaps—the wisdom that money is all that matters in politics , as they have flattened better-financed campaigns like that of Jeb Bush . It 's also cheapened the value of ideology within the Republican Party , something that nobody would have predicted , given the endless internal fights over who and what a Republican is . The party 's conservatives have traditionally battled the moderates who they called Republicans in Name Only , or RINOs . Now along comes Trump , who does n't even bother to pretend he 's a Republican of any kind , and they easily outpolls the rest . Trump 's ability to reshape the political environment to their own benefit is unmatched in modern politics . They have made zero political experience a campaign plus and the absence of policy savvy a way to differentiate themselves from boring wonks like John Kasich .
We do n't yet know the limits of Trump 's impact , but it 's already safe to predict that their style will resonate in the future . What is Michael Bloomberg 's long tease about their third-party run for the presidency but a variation of Trump 's billionaire politics that state , “ I 'm rich , therefore I can run '' ? The boldest , blackest feather flapped by Trump so far must be their decision to run what is essentially a third-party candidacy from inside one of the two major parties . But maybe it 's not that unique . Running a third-party campaign from inside a major party seems to be exactly what Bernie Sanders is doing , it 's just that nobody has had the honesty to declare . Today , Trump and Sanders are political parasites . By November , one or both of these two members of the Black Swan Party could become the host .
As Taleb put it in Black Swan , “ Is n't it strange to see an event happening precisely because it was not supposed to happen ? ”
* * * * * * *
My autobiography will be titled Parasites and Toast . How about yours ? Send titles via email to Shafer.Politico @ gmail.com . My email alerts are infested with guinea worm , my Twitter feed is written by a large culture of Giardia lamblia , and my RSS feed is shot through with brain exploding fungus .
This post is the fifth in a series of six Liberty Street Economics posts on liquidity issues .
Death of Free Internet is Imminent
Death of Free Internet is Imminent
Canada Will Become Test Case by Kevin Parkinson
Global Research , July 20 , 2008
In the last 15 years or so , as a society we have had access to more information than ever before in modern history because of the Internet . There are approximately 1 billion Internet users in the world B and any one of these users can theoretically communicate in real time with any other on the planet . The Internet has been the greatest technological achievement of the 20th century by far , and has been recognized as such by the global community .
The free transfer of information , uncensored , unlimited and untainted , still seems to be a dream when you think about it . Whatever field that is mentioned- education , commerce , government , news , entertainment , politics and countless other areas- have been radically affected by the introduction of the Internet . And mostly , it 's good news , except when poor judgements are made and people are taken advantage of . Scrutiny and oversight are needed , especially where children are involved .
However , when there are potential profits open to a corporation , the needs of society do n't count . Take the recent case in Canada with the behemoths , Telus and Rogers rolling out a charge for text messaging without any warning to the public . It was an arrogant and risky move for the telecommunications giants because it backfired . People actually used Internet technology to deliver a loud and clear message to these companies and that was to scrap the extra charge . The people used the power of the Internet against the big boys and the little guys won .
However , the issue of text messaging is just a tiny blip on the radar screens of Telus and another company , Bell Canada , the two largest Internet Service Providers ( ISP 'S ) in Canada . Our country is being used as a test case to drastically change the delivery of Internet service forever . The change will be so radical that it has the potential to send us back to the horse and buggy days of information sharing and access .
In the upcoming weeks watch for a report in Time Magazine that will attempt to smooth over the rough edges of a diabolical plot by Bell Canada and Telus , to begin charging per site fees on most Internet sites . The plan is to convert the Internet into a cable-like system , where customers sign up for specific web sites , and then pay to visit sites beyond a cutoff point .
From my browsing ( on the currently free Internet ) I have discovered that the 'demise ' of the free Internet is slated for 2010 in Canada , and two years later around the world . Canada is seen a good choice to implement such shameful and sinister changes , since Canadians are viewed as being laissez fair , politically uninformed and an easy target The corporate marauders will iron out the wrinkles in Canada and then spring the new , castrated version of the Internet on the rest of the world , probably with little fanfare , except for some dire warnings about the 'evil ' of the Internet ( free ) and the CEO 's spouting about 'safety and security ' . These buzzwords usually work pretty well .
What will the Internet look like in Canada in 2010 ? I suspect that the ISP 's will provide a `` package '' program as companies like Cogeco currently do . Customers will pay for a series of websites as they do now for their television stations . Television stations will be available on-line as part of these packages , which will make the networks happy since they have lost much of the younger market which are surfing and chatting on their computers in the evening . However , as is the case with cable television now , if you choose something that is not part of the package , you know what happens . You pay extra .
And this is where the Internet ( free ) as we know it will suffer almost immediate , economic strangulation . Thousands and thousands of Internet sites will not be part of the package so users will have to pay extra to visit those sites ! In just an hour or two it is possible to easily visit 20-30 sites or more while looking for information . Just imagine how high these costs will be .
At present , the world condemns China because that country restricts certain websites . `` They are undemocratic ; they are removing people 's freedom ; they do n't respect individual rights ; they are censoring information , ” are some of the comments we hear . But what Bell Canada and Telus have planned for Canadians is much worse than that . They are planning the death of the Internet ( free ) as we know it , and I expect they 'll be hardly a whimper from Canadians . It 's all part of the corporate plan for a New World Order and virtually a masterstroke that will lead to the creation of billions and billions of dollars of corporate profit at the expense of the working and middle classes .
There are so many other implications as a result of these changes , far too many to elaborate on here . Be aware that we will all lose our privacy because all websites will be tracked as part of the billing procedure , and we will be literally cut off from 90 % of the information that we can access today . The little guys on the Net will fall likes flies ; Bloggers and small website operators will die a quick death because people will not pay to go to their sites and read their pages .
Ironically , the only medium that can save us is the one we are trying to save- the Internet ( free ) . This article will be posted on my Blog , www.realitycheck.typepad.com and I encourage people and groups to learn more about this issue . Canadians can keep the Internet free just as they kept text messaging free . Do n't wait for the federal politicians . They will do nothing to help us .
I would welcome a letter to the editor of the Standard Freeholder from a spokesperson from Bell Canada or Telus telling me that I am absolutely wrong in what I have written , and that no such changes to the Internet are being planned , and that access to Internet sites will remain FREE in the years to come . In the meantime , I encourage all of you to write to the media , ask questions , phone the radio station , phone a friend , or think of something else to prevent what appears to me to be inevitable .
Maintaining Internet ( free ) access is the only way we have a chance at combatting the global corporate takeover , the North American Union , and a long list of other deadly deeds that the elite in society have planned for us . Yesterday was too late in trying to protect our rights and freedoms . We must now redouble our efforts in order to give our children and grandchildren a fighting chance in the future .
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
author 's website : http : //realitycheck.typepad.com/
Disclaimer : The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
To become a Member of Global Research
The CRG grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified . The source and the author 's copyright must be displayed . For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites , contact : crgeditor @ yahoo.com
www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner . We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of `` fair use '' in an effort to advance a better understanding of political , economic and social issues . The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes . If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than `` fair use '' you must request permission from the copyright owner .
For media inquiries : crgeditor @ yahoo.com
© Copyright Kevin Parkinson , GlobalResearch.ca , 2008
© Scoop Media
