Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Video of the inside of Number 2 reactor at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant - video courtesy of Tepco
The first footage from inside one of Japan 's tsunami-hit nuclear reactors at Fukushima have been released by the stricken plant 's operator .
Tokyo Electric Power Company ( Tepco ) inserted an endoscope camera in Number 2 reactor to examine the interior .
Thursday 's probe aimed to get details such as the true level of cooling water and temperature inside the vessel .
The six-reactor Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant was badly damaged by the 11 March earthquake and tsunami .
Last month it was announced that the nuclear reactors had finally been stabilised and reached a state of `` cold shutdown '' .
This occurs when the water that cools nuclear fuel rods remains below boiling point , meaning that the fuel can not reheat .
Radiation distorted footage
The video probe , just 8.5 mm in diameter according to one report , was inserted into the vessel to ascertain reactor conditions , particularly the level of cooling water and the temperature .
Some of the footage was distorted because of the levels of radiation , but officials say no major ruptures caused by the earthquake have been spotted .
`` The visual artefacts provoked by the high level of radiation and other leaks inside are a viewing obstacle , but nevertheless the images are of relatively good quality in some areas , '' Tepco official Junichi Matsumoto is quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .
Tepco also said that experts were still trying to identify all the parts that were shown in the video .
The probe failed to find the water surface , which indicates that it sat at lower than expected levels and raised questions about the accuracy of current water monitors .
But the probe confirmed that the temperature inside the reactor was in line with the temperature gauge outside the container .
The information from the probe `` will help us keep the reactor stable and solve problems , '' Ms Matsumoto is quoted by Reuters as saying .
Reports say that Tepco now hopes to use the endoscope to look inside two other stricken reactors but officials say radiation levels would have to decrease before that can happen .
A 20km ( 12m ) exclusion zone remains in place around the plant . The government says it will take decades to dismantle the plant completely .
More than 80,000 people had to leave the area . Radiation levels in some places remain too high for them to return home .
On Wednesday , 28 October 2015 at 20:22:10 UTC , Matt Soucy wrote : > On 10/28/2015 03:52 AM , Kai Nacke wrote : > > Hi everyone , > > > > LDC 0.16.1 , the LLVM-based D compiler , is available for download ! > > This release is based on the 2.067.1 frontend and standard library and supports LLVM 3.1-3.7 ( OS X : no support for 3.3 ) . > > > > Do n't miss to check if your preferred system is supported by this release . We also have a Win64 compiler available ! > > > > As usual , you can find links to the changelog and the binary packages over at digitalmars.D.ldc : > > > > Regards , > > Kai > > Hi everyone , LDC 0.16.1 , the LLVM-based D compiler , is available for download ! This release is based on the 2.067.1 frontend and standard library and supports LLVM 3.1-3.7 ( OS X : no support for 3.3 ) .Do n't miss to check if your preferred system is supported by this release . We also have a Win64 compiler available ! As usual , you can find links to the changelog and the binary packages over at digitalmars.D.ldc : http : // forum . dlang.org/ post/ uqibfhjpug axnbsbfreh @ forum . dlang.org Regards , Kai > > Fantastic ! > > Since ldc2 is part of the Fedora repositories , do you happen to know who is responsible for pushing the update in ? On 10/28/2015 03:52 AM , Kai Nacke wrote : Fantastic ! Since ldc2 is part of the Fedora repositories , do you happen to know who is responsible for pushing the update in ? ( bioinf ornatics @ fedorapr oject.org ) maintains the Fedora package . Regards , Kai
Back in 2009 Jess Bachman designed the Visualizing the US/China Trade infographic for Mint.com . This design uses a sankey diagram visual that has line widths representing the relative size of all the country values .
Like it or not , the US and China have a trading relationship that has global repercussions . The plastic US flags that say Made in China do n't tell the whole story . No , not everything is made in China . In fact the US manufactures and exports almost as much as China but it consumes a great deal more . Hence , the trade imbalance . What 's interesting is exactly what the US imports , stuff like machinery and toys and as much steel and iron as it does shoes . And what we export — high-tech stuff like airplanes and medical equipment and , for some reason , 7 billion dollars worth of oleaginous fruit which is used to make cooking oil , presumably for Chinese food .
A cool infographic all by itself , but even better is that Jess captured screen shots every 10 seconds automatically using Snagit ( a process they call flowcapping ) , and recently put them together into a behind-the-scenes video and blog post showing their design process . 10-hours of design work , compressed down into a couple minutes . View the high-resolution version if you can so you can actually read what 's on the screen . This is the short version .
And the longer , 7-minute version let 's you see even more details behind their process .
Jess ( ByJess.net ) is best known for their annual Death & Taxes infographic poster of the U.S. Federal Budget , and recently joined the team at Visual.ly as Creative Director . Great job Jess , and thanks for sharing your process with the world !
I grew up admiring 60 Minutes for its storytelling and investigative reporting .
So many original stories . No one on television was doing what 60 Minutes was doing then . It looked so exciting and that was part of why I became a journalist .
So six months after the publication of my book Dreamland : The True Tale of America 's Opiate Epidemic , it saddened and appalled me to watch the show last night .
Last night , 60 Minutes ran a piece about heroin in Ohio . I 'm very happy that these Ohioans , who I know and like and respect , are getting this megaphone . Their story needed telling .
But I have to stand my ground .
Months ago , my publisher and I pitched 60 Minutes on stories from Dreamland : first , the Xalisco Boys heroin traffickers , and then a story about heroin in Ohio .
Over the span of several months and several phone calls , 60 Minutes decided against both ideas .
The Xalisco story was n't doable , they concluded , after I convinced them that it was unrealistic to assume that they could show up and in 3-4 days have someone magically open up a heroin lab for them to film . I argued that there were other ways to tell the story . I found them sources , people with years of experience in the drug underworld who trusted me . That was n't good enough . They wanted traffickers who spoke English . I told a producer that the traffickers in the Xalisco system were working-class guys from Mexico without even sixth-grade educations and that they spoke only Spanish . They also insisted that 60 Minutes had to have film of dope being made , and had to have it accessible after three days of reporting on the ground .
The Ohio story that we then pitched 60 Minutes had no such cost/danger/language concerns . The state was awash in heroin now . America 's opiate ground zero – for many reasons I made clear in Dreamland . Pills had taken hold there first , and heroin had come sooner than it had anywhere else . Over lunch , a 60 Minutes producer even asked me what story I would do in Ohio . I gave them some ideas .
60 Minutes did go to Ohio . Made it look as if they had figured out who to talk to , and what questions to ask , all on their own . No mention of what led them there and what explained the whole story to them . When I asked them whether they were going to refer to my book , one producer said they wanted to focus on the personal stories of local folks . They could have done the personal stories of local folks in Alabama , or anywhere else in America , but then they would n't have had a book telling them specifically where to look , whom to talk to , and what the story was .
Care to leave 60 Minutes a few of your thoughts ? Here 's the comment page to the episode , and here 's the show 's Facebook page .
Parents and others in Ohio and elsewhere are understandably thrilled that major media like 60 Minutes are finally taking an interest in this topic . I 'm glad for them and very happy that the issue is now getting attention . Wayne , Brenda , Tracy , Jenna , Rob and others spoke with eloquence and force , and in my opinion saved the piece .
I hope they wo n't see this as raining on their long-overdue parade … but I have to say something to defend myself , my family 's sacrifice , and my work . If I do n't , who will ?
I spent years working on this story , interviewing hundreds of people , poring over documents , taking collect phone calls from Mexican traffickers in prisons . Before doing it , I lived and wrote for 10 years in Mexico , which made me distinctly prepared to see a part of this story that 60 Minutes producers , judging from our phone calls , knew only because of me .
I took a leave of absence from the LA Times , where my book 's story began ( as I note several times ) . I finally resigned from the paper to finish this book . I went all over the country . Each trip meant time away from my wife and daughter ; each trip meant scrimping on meals and motels . When few people were talking about heroin , when most folks I met looked at me askance for researching the topic , I risked my professional career and my family 's financial future : all to find a story that I believed to be profound in its nationwide impact , and in what it says about our country .
I 'm thrilled to receive emails like this one , from a retired undercover narcotics officer , who helped in my heroin education :
“ The 60 minutes Heroin story last night was the “ CliffNotes ” version of your book , they needed to have you on that piece ! … These news stories are great but they are quickly becoming “ old news ” . They need to go a few layers deeper . It 's time to talk about solutions ! Thanks to guys like you the nation now knows very clearly what the problem is , now it 's time to move the national narrative towards developing rea l solutions through accountability . … Keep up the good fight Brother …Be Safe ! ”
It is n't often that a book more or less scoops radio , TV , and print . But I believe that , to a large degree , is what Dreamland did .
Since its release , I 've been disappointed to see Time , Sports Illustrated , Washington Post and now the New York Times publish stories on topics that I dealt with first in Dreamland and not mention it . ( Btw , my book clearly cites several books to which I am indebted , both in the text and in the acknowledgements . ) But 60 Minutes seemed to me to cross a line .
And even after the months of dealing with them , I might not have written this blogpost had not Sunday 's show itself seemed to involve so little original reporting and seemed to rely so heavily on my book .
Is that what it means to be 60 Minutes these days ? Just riff off the work of an independent reporter and do nothing to recognize it ?
The whole episode reminds me that 60 Minutes is no longer a standard bearer of anything except cost containment . Shows like 60 Minutes no longer set the national debate . They 're followers , imitators , now , where once they were leaders .
Yet I 'm also invigorated , exhilarated even , by this experience . For it means that I and many independent colleagues have wide-open spaces now where we can harvest stories . That if we 're willing to put in the work and take the risks , that important stories will be ours to find . It means it 's a great time to be an independent journalist .
The Daily Show made fun of TV cable journalists , and gave respect to real reporters . It taught a generation to be skeptical of what was reported to them on television . The next step is to elevate real independent journalism .
As desiccated titans collapse , abdicating any role in maintaining standards of journalism , we now have this terrain to ourselves . We must work it , push at it , be relentless . But it 's there . People want it , thirst for it , as I 've found in the reaction to Dreamland . When we find these stories – as now only we are equipped to do – they will probably mean more than ever .
Remember , too , that if you want risk-taking , on-the-edge , original , independent , red-blooded American journalism , then you have to look pretty far past 60 Minutes . The Atlantic is doing some good stuff . As is the Atavist . Might check out the Marshall Project . I thought Grantland looked good before ESPN pulled its plug . I 'm sure there are many places I do n't know of – and I invite them to chime in .
I 'd also strongly suggest that the books recently written by my friends and former colleagues Gerry Hadden , Alfredo Corchado , and Jill Leovy are well worth your time .
And if you want to read the full story of America 's opiate epidemic from a journalist with no one but their wife and daughter standing behind him , then I 'd suggest my own book , Dreamland .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption As Fergal Keane reports , this video was shot in the immediate aftermath of the plane crash
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said there is overwhelming evidence of Russian complicity in the downing of a Malaysia Airlines plane in Ukraine .
Mr Kerry called on Russia to take responsibility for the actions of the rebels , saying their handling of the dead had been `` grotesque '' .
All 298 people on flight MH17 died when it was reportedly hit by a missile .
Russia has been accused of providing the rebels with an anti-aircraft system that was allegedly used in the attack .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Natalia Antelava is handed passenger documents by volunteers at the crash site : `` It shows you how badly organised it is ... they do n't know who to give this to ''
It denies the allegations .
Earlier , the remains of up to 196 people were loaded on to refrigerated rail wagons in Torez , eastern Ukraine .
A second train has now arrived there to collect more bodies . Ukrainian officials say 251 bodies and 86 body parts have been found .
Negotiations are continuing between the authorities in Kiev and the rebels for the trains to be allowed to leave for government-held territory for identification and analysis .
Unconfirmed reports say three Dutch investigators have now arrived to the rebel-held city of Donetsk and are due to travel to Torez .
Australia 's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop called on pro-Russian separatists not to use the bodies as pawns in their conflict with the Ukrainian authorities .
`` There are 298 bodies on that site - their families , their loved ones want them home now , '' they said .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Nearly 200 bodies have been moved from the crash site after three days of being left in the open
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A goods train carrying the bodies is currently standing at Torez station 15km ( nine miles ) from the crash site
Meanwhile , Russian President Vladimir Putin said it was essential to give international experts complete security so they could conduct an independent investigation .
`` It is necessary to do everything to ensure [ the investigation 's ] full , absolute security ; to provide the humanitarian corridors it needs in its work , '' they said .
'Wake-up call '
Mr Kerry said the US had seen major military supplies moving into Ukraine from Russia in the last month , including a convoy of armoured personnel carriers , tanks and rocket launchers .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption John Kerry : `` The lack of access makes its own statement about culpability and responsibility '' .
Intercepted calls suggested a Russian SA-11 missile system - also known as BUK - had been transferred to the rebels , Mr Kerry said , and the US had seen a video of a launcher being moved back into Russia after flight MH17 crashed .
`` There 's [ an ] enormous amount of evidence that points to the involvement of Russia in providing these systems , training the people on them , '' Mr Kerry said on a US TV network .
They also threatened further sanctions on Russia and called on European allies to get tougher with President Putin after the `` wake-up call '' .
On Sunday , UK Prime Minister David Cameron said Europe and the West `` must fundamentally change our approach to Russia '' if Mr Putin `` does not change their approach to Ukraine '' .
Image copyright EPA Image caption A team of Malaysian experts remain in Kiev after being unable to travel to the crash site in Grabove
At the scene : Fergal Keane , BBC News , at the crash site
The indiscipline and chaos of the last two days have been replaced by the robust presence of former riot police officers who now form a cordon around the central area of the crash site .
There is still no sign of the fully fledged independent investigation which is being demanded by the international community .
During the morning local volunteers have been searching the fields . We have been told that their job is to pinpoint belongings and remains to the emergency services . But this could easily have the effect of disturbing evidence important to an inquiry .
As for the strong words from British Prime Minister David Cameron attacking Russia they are likely to have little impact on the rebels here . They are contemptuous of the West and are much more concerned with the local military balance than with any warnings from London .
Bodies moved
Mr Kerry 's comments joined a chorus of anger directed at Russian President Vladimir Putin after the rebels in charge of the crash site restricted access to the plane 's wreckage and its victims .
The remains of up to 196 people were loaded on to refrigerated rail wagons at the crash site in Grabove on Sunday , three days after the Boeing 777 came down .
The freight train is now standing at Torez railway station , 15km ( nine miles ) from the crash site .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Heavy machinery has been used to move many of the larger parts of debris from the Boeing 777
The carriages , with heavy closed doors , look like refrigeration units and there is the occasional smell normally associated with dead bodies , the BBC 's Richard Galpin reports from Torez .
Speaking in Donetsk , the biggest rebel-held city in the east , rebel leader Alexander Borodai said the bodies would remain in Torez until international aviation inspectors arrived .
They said the bodies had been moved `` out of respect for the families '' , adding : `` We could n't wait any longer because of the heat and also because there are many dogs and wild animals in the area . ''
'Site compromised '
The rebels say they will hand over MH17 's flight recorders to the International Civil Aviation Organization but the US state department said rebels had tampered with other potential evidence .
Heavy machinery could be seen moving plane debris around at the crash site on Sunday .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage appears to show one of the plane 's data recorders being moved
Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong-Lai , who arrived in Ukraine 's capital Kiev at the weekend , said they were `` very concerned '' that the crash site had been `` severely compromised '' .
A Malaysian team of 133 officials and experts , comprising of search and recovery personnel , forensics experts , technical and medical experts have also arrived in Ukraine .
But the government in Kiev says it has been unable to establish a safe corridor to the crash site for the group .
Fighting remains ongoing in eastern Ukraine between the separatist rebels and government forces in a conflict which erupted in April and is believed to have claimed more than 1,000 lives .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Several memorial services were held in Australia on Sunday for victims of the crash in Ukraine
The passenger list released by Malaysia Airlines shows the plane was carrying 193 Dutch nationals , including one with dual US nationality .
Other victims included 43 Malaysians ( including 15 crew ) , 27 Australians , 12 Indonesians , 10 Britons , four Germans , four Belgians , three from the Philippines , and one from both Canada and New Zealand .
Memorial services and vigils were held on Sunday in many countries , including Australia , Malaysia and the Netherlands .
READ MORE : Baarle , a unique village in the world
Baarle-Hertog
Baarle-Hertog is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp . The municipality only comprises the town of Baarle-Hertog proper . On January 1 , 2006 Baarle-Hertog had a total population of 2,306 . The total area is 7.48 km² which gives a population density of 308 inhabitants per km² .
Baarle-Nassau
Baarle-Nassau is a municipality located in the Dutch province of Noord- Brabant . On January 1 , 2007 Baarle-Nassau had a total population of 6,668 . The total area is 76.30 km² which gives a population density of 87 inhabitants per km² .
The enclave ( s ) and the border
Baarle-Hertog is noted for its complicated borders with Baarle-Nassau in the Netherlands . In total it consists of 23 separated pieces of land . Apart from the main piece ( called Zondereigen ) located north of the Belgian town of Merksplas , there are 22 Belgian exclaves in the Netherlands .
There are also seven Dutch exclaves within the Belgian exclaves . Six of them are located in the largest one and a seventh in the second-largest one . An eighth Dutch exclave lies in Zondereigen .
History
The border 's complexity results from a number of equally complex medieval treaties , agreements , land-swaps and sales between the Lords of Breda and the Dukes of Brabant . After the split between the Netherlands and Belgium was finally settled in 1839 , there was a need to determine the border . A first border commission , instituted by the Treaty of Maastricht of 1843 , led to the determination of the national border between Belgium and the Netherlands , but could not sort out the Baarle issue . As to the enclave borders , a warrant indicating the nationality of each of the various parcels in Baarle , was attached to the Treaty . These distributions were ratified and clarified as a part of the borderline settlements arrived at during the Treaty of Maastricht in 1843
When a land dispute between a Sooy van den Eynde and Baarle-Nassau was taken to the International Court of The Hague , the sentence of the Court on 20 June 1959 resulted in a ‘ new ' Belgian enclave of about 12 ha . Nonetheless , the state frontier between Belgium and the Netherlands remained unresolved as regards Baarle until the Treaty of Turnhout between Belgium and The Netherlands , signed on 26 April 1974 . A second border commission then was appointed to fix over a 36 km stretch the continuous border between the border marks 214 and 215 ( Poppel and Meerle , neighbouring villages of Baarle-Hertog/Nassau ) .
By then , the enclave borders had not been officially determined . To do so , a third border commission was established to fix these as official state borders . The measuring as to sort this out , took more than 15 years , and was achieved in 1995 .
The border is so complicated that there are some houses and companies that are divided between the two countries . One company , a large printing business , even holds an entire Belgian enclave ! The usual practice in law on enclaves is that where property straddles the border it belongs to each state for the part of the property on its territory . In Baarle , for practical reasons , the whole property belongs to the country in which its street door is located . Only if the border runs through the street door do the two parts belong in different states , and this is indicated by two street numbers on the building .
Cooperation
The government of these two towns , connected as a Siamese twin , demands intensive and frequent co-operation between the both local authorities . These problems are caused by cultural differences on the one hand , and differences in national law and regulations on the other . The local authorities of Baarle-Hertog and Baarle-Nassau operate by means of two different sets of national law . This means that a great deal of national legislation can not be implemented as such in Baarle because they are incompatible with those on the other side of the border .
Until 1998 , this co-operation took place on an informal and ad hoc basis . The status of joint projects remained incidental and offered no legal certainties whatsoever . In the late 1990s an outcome was found in the Benelux Treaty on Transfrontier Co-operation between Territorial Communities or Authorities ( 1986 , in force since 1991 ) . This Benelux Treaty provides in three levels of judicial co-operation .
In Baarle , a joint body was considered to be the most accurate and at that time most conceivable structure to formalise the cross border co-operation : the Common Organ Baarle . Its main purpose is to negotiate and communicate on all matters of common interest and to eventually reach common decision- and policy-making . The Common Organ in plenary session is the gathering of the two municipal councils . Their decision making is binding upon the participating bodies , being both councils . Furthermore , the statutes also provide in a monthly consultation of both courts of mayor and aldermen , constituting the Common Organ in limited session .
You wo n't need an astrologer to see the future if Hillary Clinton becomes president . You can just take the anger , backstabbing and blame-gaming at the Democratic Convention and repeat — for four years .
Another email scandal , another FBI investigation , all laced with wild conspiracy theories about Russian hackers helping Donald Trump and with a victim card always at the ready . Hillary played one early , telling “ 60 Minutes ” that she 's widely distrusted only because lots and lots of bad people say untrue things about them
Where to begin with that one ?
Ah , it 's the Clintons , and only the details are new , everything else is the same old , same old . They still see a vast right wing conspiracy , and now there 's also a conspiracy on the left that 's out to get her , too .
It could be that the black cloud of trouble follows the Clintons , or that they are the cloud . Either way , it 's already clear in Philadelphia that they have n't lost their gift for turning the routine into the riotous .
The bid by the disgraced Debbie Wasserman-Schultz to hang on to their chairperson 's job long enough to gavel in the delegates seemed foolhardy , and was . They had trouble getting a word in at their home state delegation 's breakfast , so it was an act of mercy that they soon disappeared into the void of former chairperson .
But any hope that their resignation would mollify Bernie Sanders delegates was also quickly dashed . Their accusations that the national committee had rigged the game to favor Clinton had been proven true , which naturally inflamed their already-hot backers .
The irony is as thick as the Philly humidity . Sanders and Clinton both campaigned against a rigged economic system , yet all the while they were benefitting from a rigged party system . Hey , it 's the Clintons .
Now that hackers revealed the scam and heads are rolling , many questions remain , but one especially stands out : Who orchestrated it ?
We know from the email trail that lots of insiders were involved , and Wasserman-Schultz took the fall . But did they order it ? Or was they ordered to do it ?
The one thing impossible to believe is that Clinton 's campaign has clean hands . The bid to sabotage Sanders would have benefitted them and their alone , so they certainly had a motive .
At the time , they were giving them about as much trouble as they could handle . Their every success made them look weak and forced them to spend money in surprising places , especially New York , which should have been a cakewalk .
Moreover , Sanders ' victories kept forcing them to move left with all their major policies to try to bring their socialist-leaning crowd into their tent . The sooner they could dispatch him , the sooner they could start moving back toward the center for the general election .
see also Even Bernie Sanders supporters want Hillary Clinton behind bars Bernie Sanders supporters and Donald Trump fans have at least ...
Yet here they are , finally at their very own convention , a full eight years behind schedule , and the Sanders headache that would n't go away is suddenly a full-blown migraine . Well into a long night of speakers , their supporters still had an energy edge in the convention hall , and Sanders themselves gained the loudest and longest ovation when they took the stage .
To top it off , there 's that fresh FBI investigation , which has to be the last thing in the world Clinton wants to face . If nothing else , it 's a reminder of the last one , which focused on their private server and handling of national secrets and almost cost them the whole game . It still might , with a majority of voters saying they should have been indicted , making them a hard sell in the fall .
Yet the G-men are back again , wanting to look at a new batch of emails . At least that 's where they 're starting , but who knows where they 'll end up .
Remember , it 's the Clintons .
The moment Bernie Sanders was booed for telling their supporters to support Clinton
On Tuesday , Chicago firefighter Kevin O'Grady shared a Facebook photo they claimed showed a injured Wilson in the hospital after the incident . As it turned out , the man pictured is not Darren Wilson , but that did n't stop the image from going viral .
( Story continues below . )
The man in the photo is actually motocross rider Jim McNeil , who died in a crash while practicing at the Texas Motor Speedway in 2011 . The photo above was taken in 2006 after a motor accident at a friend 's house .
For the record , this is what the real Wilson looks like :
Despite the fact that these two men share barely a passing resemblance to one another , the bogus image posted by Kevin O'Grady had racked up nearly 50,000 shares by Thursday evening and had been circulated on Twitter and parts of the blogosphere . Some who re-shared the image seemed to take it as proof that Brown had attacked Wilson , thereby justifying the six shots that Wilson fired into Brown 's body .
This is n't even the first photo misidentification to come out of the Ferguson incident .
In August , Kansas City Police Department Officer Marc Catron posted an image on Facebook of a young man they claimed was Michael Brown . The man in the picture was pointing a gun at the camera and biting down on a wad of cash . Catron 's caption for the image read , “ I 'm sure young Michael Brown is innocent and just misunderstood . I 'm sure they are a pillar of the Ferguson community . ”
President Trump and Vice President Pence were briefed early Sunday as Hurricane Irma struck Florida as a Category 4 storm , the White House said .
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump spoke with the governors of Alabama , South Carolina , Georgia and Tennessee . Those states are expected to be impacted by the storm after it makes its way up the west coast of Florida .
The president has had several calls with Florida Gov . Rick Scott ( R ) and Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE ( R-Fla. ) in the past week , Sanders added .
White House chief of staff John Kelly John Francis KellyMORE also spoke with Sen. Bill Nelson Clarence ( Bill ) William Nelson2020 party politics in Puerto Rico There is no winning without Latinos as part of your coalition Dem 2020 candidates court Puerto Rico as long nomination contest looms MORE ( D-Fla. ) , they said .
Scott said Sunday that they have been in constant communication with Trump .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The president said , ‘ Look , I will provide whatever resources you need , ' when I talked to him . I pretty much talk to them every day , ” they said on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) Administrator Brock Long also praised the White House and Congress 's response to the storm .
“ There 's great communication between the White House and the Congress in regards to emergency management , ” Long said .
Trump was also briefed on the storm on Saturday and emphasized the federal government 's preparations .
`` We 're prepared . We 're as prepared as you can be for such an event , '' Trump said .
`` This is a storm of enormous , destructive power , and I ask everyone in the storm path to heed all instructions . Get out of its way , '' they continued . `` Property is replaceable , but lives are not and safety has to come first . ''
Irma slammed into Cudjoe Key around 9 a.m. on Sunday morning with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph after gaining strength in the Atlantic overnight , according to the National Hurricane Center .
The Keys can expect 10 to 20 inches of rain , while the rest of the state 's peninsula could get 8 to 15 inches .
Over 6 million people have been evacuated from the state 's low-lying coastal and southern areas .
Florida opened over 400 shelters ahead of the storm .
Once again , TV Guide managed to list some of the highest paid actors on TV . Obviously , plenty of actors are missing ( it 's not like they all go to the press to tell them how much they earn , TV Guide had to have a hard time getting this sort of information ) but it gives an idea . It may sometimes be approximative .
DRAMAS :
1 . Hugh Laurie ( House season 8 ) : $ 700,000/episode .
2 . Mark Harmon ( NCIS season 10 ) : $ 500,000/episode .
3 . Mariska Hargitay ( Law & Order SVU season 13 ) : $ 395,000/episode .
4 . David Caruso ( CSI Miami season 10 ) : $ 375,000/episode .
4 . Marg Helgenberger ( CSI season 12 ) : $ 375,000/episode .
4 . Marcia Cross ( Desperate Housewives season 8 ) : $ 375,000/episode .
7 . Kyra Sedgwick ( The Closer season 7 ) : $ 350,000/episode .
8 . Simon Baker ( The Mentalist season 4 ) : $ 300,000/episode .
9 . Patrick Dempsey ( Grey 's Anatomy season 8 ) : $ 275,000/episode .
9 . Kate Walsh ( Private Practice season 5 ) : $ 275,000/episode .
11 . Kiefer Sutherland ( Touch season 1 ) : $ 225 000/episode .
11 . Ted Danson ( CSI season 12 ) : $ 225,000/episode .
13 . Julianna Margulies ( The Good Wife season 3 ) : $ 180,000/episode .
14 . Kathy Bates ( Harry 's Law season 2 ) : $ 175,000/episode .
14 . Jon Hamm ( Mad Men season 5 ) : $ 175,000/episode .
16 . Dana Delany ( Body of Proof season 2 ) : $ 150,000/episode .
17 . Tom Selleck ( Blue Bloods season 2 ) : $ 130,000/episode .
17 . Joe Mantegna ( Criminal Minds season 7 ) : $ 130,000/episode .
19 . Bryan Cranston ( Breaking Bad season 4 ) : $ 125,000/episode .
19 . William H. Macy ( Shameless season 2 ) : $ 125,000/episode .
19 . Maria Bello ( Prime Suspect season 1 ) : $ 125,000/episode .
19 . Christina Ricci ( Pan Am season 1 ) : $ 125,000/episode .
19 . Jared Padalecki ( Supernatural season 7 ) : $ 125,000/episode .
24 . Cote De Pablo ( NCIS season 9 ) : $ 120,000/episode .
24 . Thomas Gibson ( Criminal Minds season 7 ) : $ 120,000/episode .
26 . Alex O'Loughlin ( Hawaii Five-0 season 2 ) : $ 115,000/episode .
27 . Michael Emerson ( Person of Interest season 1 ) : $ 100,000/episode .
27 . Eddie Cibrian ( The Playboy Club season 1 ) : $ 100,000/episode .
27 . Sarah Michelle Gellar ( Ringer season 1 ) : $ 100,000/episode .
27 . Nathan Fillion ( Castle season 4 ) : $ 100,000/episode .
31 . Poppy Montgomery ( Unforgettable season 1 ) : $ 85,000/episode .
32 . Angie Harmon ( Rizzoli & Isles season 2 ) : $ 80,000/episode .
33 . Steve Buscemi ( Boardwalk Empire season 2 ) : $ 75,000/episode .
33 . Danny Pino ( Law & Order SVU season 12 ) : $ 75,000/episode .
33 . Jason O'Mara ( Terra Nova season 1 ) : $ 75,000/episode .
36 . Blake Lively ( Gossip Girl season 5 ) : $ 60,000/episode .
37 . Minka Kelly ( Charlie 's Angels season 1 ) : $ 50,000/episode .
38 . Britt Robertson ( The Secret Circle season 1 ) : $ 30,000/episode .
COMEDIES :
1 . Ashton Kutcher ( Two and a Half Men season 9 ) : $ 700,000/episode .
2 . Jon Cryer ( Two and a Half Men season 9 ) : $ 600,000/episode .
3 . Tina Fey ( 30 Rock season 6 ) : $ 350,000/episode .
4 . Alec Baldwin ( 30 Rock season 6 ) : $ 300,000/episode .
5 . Angus T. Jones ( Two and a Half Men season 9 ) : $ 250,000/episode .
5 . Jim Parsons , Johnny Galecki & Kaley Cuoco ( The Big Bang Theory season 5 ) : $ 250,000/episode .
7 . David Duchovny ( Californication season 5 ) : $ 225,000/episode .
7 . Tim Allen ( Last Man Standing season 1 ) : $ 225,000/episode .
9 . Neil Patrick Harris ( How I Met Your Mother season 7 ) : $ 200,000/episode .
10 . James Spader ( The Office season 8 ) : $ 125,000/episode .
10 . Christina Applegate ( Up All Night season 1 ) : $ 125,000/episode .
12 . Ed O'Neil ( Modern Family season 3 ) : $ 105,000/episode .
13 . Simon Helberg & Kunal Nayyar ( The Big Bang Theory season 5 ) : $ 100,000/episode .
14 . Zooey Deschanel ( New Girl season 1 ) : $ 90,000/episode .
15 . Kevin Dillon ( How To Be A Gentleman season 1 ) : $ 80,000/episode .
16 . Will Arnett ( Up All Night season 1 ) : $ 75,000/episode .
16 . Jamie Pressly ( I Hate My Teenage Daughter season 1 ) : $ 75,000/episode .
18 . Joel McHale ( Community season 3 ) : $ 60,000/episode .
18 . Whitney Cummings ( Whitney season 1 ) : $ 60,000/episode .
18 . Jane Lynch ( Glee season 3 ) : $ 60,000/episode .
21 . Matthew Morrison ( Glee season 3 ) : $ 55,000/episode .
22 . Nick Offerman ( Parks & Recreation season 4 ) : $ 30,000/episode .
I 've been working on Pit Proud : The History Of The Pit Bull for well over a year . But I believe that every second that went into it was worth it , because I knew then and I know now that Pit Proud is the single , most important Dog Files Episode yet .
It 's the story of what I believe to be , the most maligned and abused animal on Planet Earth .
The Pit Bull .
A dog that the media has made out to be the “ great white shark ” of the land . A monster waiting to jump out of the shadows and attack your children .
But you know what I 've found out over the course of researching , writing and crafting this episode ?
Pit Bulls… are just dogs . No more , no less .
And like all dogs , they are individuals with varied personalities and temperaments . But because of their intense loyalty and strong form , the pit bull has been singled out amongst lesser men to abuse and kill for their small-minded , cruel entertainment .
You see , the pit bull problem is n't the dogs , by any means .
The pit bull problem is people .
The people that want to fight them . The people who want one so they feel tougher when they walk down the street . The people that keep them tied up in chains . The people who go about their days and weeks and months and years while ignoring the extremely social animal that 's locked up in their basement .
These are the irresponsible owners that should never own ANY dog . And these are the people that we should always have on our radar .
And the abused dogs ?
Well , if the Vick case taught us anything , it 's that even fight dogs , when given a chance , would rather curl up on the couch next to it 's loving human .
And that says it all to me . Pit Bulls are dogs . Dogs are as individual as any human . And like humans , they should n't be painted with a wide brush .
Unless that wide brush has peanut butter on it . I hear pittie 's LOVE peanut butter .
— Kenn Bell , Dog Files Creator
Please help spread the word by embedding the video on your site , linking to the post and getting the word out to all your friends . Together , we can change people 's minds about Pits and help make the world a safer place for one of man 's best friends !
Please Feel Free To Embed This Video On Your Website !
Grab the EMBED Code below for a video that 's 640 pixels wide !
< iframe width= ” 640″ height= ” 360″ src= ” https : //www.youtube.com/embed/hw5aThdcxsE ? showinfo=0″ frameborder= ” 0″ allowfullscreen > < /iframe >
Grab the EMBED Code below for a video that 's 820 pixels wide !
Jquery is a client based application that runs on user side i.e . at your web browser . One of the best things about jQuery is that it allows users to add interactive functionalities to their websites . Interactiveness allows you to increase the functionality of your website by producing robustness and dynamicity in your website . To understand jQuery you need not be a professional developer . There are a number of widgets and plug-ins available for jQuery that are user friendly and makes your website look professional .
jQuery Plug-ins makes things easy and makes them look pretty on web . Thousands of plug-ins and widgets available today in the market and hundreds are created every day . We are providing you with list of top seven plug-ins . These are some of do n't miss plug-ins .
1 . JPhoto grid
This plugin simply list of images and captions placed under them . It basically turns them into grid wired photo gallery that can be explored and zoomed .
.
2 . Creative Radical Web Typography
This is a great solution for custom type headings , while allowing you to keep the text selectable . You can easily style and customize individual letters , wrapping and styling of words and lines can be done with Lettering.js .
.
3 . TIP TIP jQuery Plug-in
TipTip is a very lightweight and intelligent custom tooltip jQuery plugin . It uses ZERO images by default and is only 3.5kb minified .
.
4 . Mapbox – Zoomabe jQuery Map Plugin
This plug-in is used for creating small scale , zoomable , draggable maps with multiple layers of content on a small scale . This framework could be applied to games , development plans , or any layout that could benefit from being able to zoom in and pan to get a better view .
.
5 . TopUp
This is an easy to use handy Javascript library for unobtrusively displaying images and webpages in a Web 2.0 approach of popups . The library is jQuery and jQuery UI driven in order to maintain cross-browser compatibility and compactness .
.
6. jQuery Simple Multiselect
jQuery Simple Multiselect plugin replaces a standard multi-select with a simplified version that does n't require ctrl+click to select multiple options . Each click simply toggles the given option on or off . This hides the original multi-select , and builds a replacement , but keeps the original updated so that when when your form is submitted , the selected options are submitted .
.
7. jQuery Google Charting
A jQuery plugin that helps in setting up a division request via Google chart , in simple words , add Google Charts to your pages via a simple JavaScript interface .
.
Earlier this morning , the Financial Times reported that Apple was in talks to buy McLaren , citing three different unnamed sources . But we just spoke with officials at McLaren , and they claim none of it is true . At all .
“ We can confirm that McLaren is not in discussion with Apple in respect of any potential investment , ” McLaren 's terse , one-line official statement reads .
A source we spoke to at McLaren went further , saying there was zero truth to the rumor . “ It 's not true at all . There 's no chatter , there 's no acquisition , ” the source said .
When asked if one of McLaren 's minority investors , such as the Bahraini sovereign wealth fund known as Mumtalakat could be willing to divest its stake , the source said that would not entail an Apple takeover , either .
Mumtalakat only owns half of the automotive group , and not any portion of the valuable Applied Technologies Group or the Formula One team .
Advertisement
UPDATE : 1:18 PM : Tim Bradshaw , one of the reporters behind the FT 's initial story , says that the paper is sticking with its initial reporting :
More as we have it .
One of the highlights of the International Congress of Mathematicians ( ICM ) was the opportunity to meet a true mathematical legend . Their name is John Milnor , and he 's won several high-profile prizes over the years , including the Fields Medal in 1962 and the Abel Prize in 2011 . Apart from their work in mathematics , he 's also famous for their writing , which has inspired generations of students . And at 84 , Milnor is still going strong .
We went to a press conference Milnor gave at the congress to a collection of journalists , which we have recorded for you . You can listen to it as a podcast or read this transcript . The first question was ...
John Milnor
Question : Why did you choose to do mathematics ?
Answer : Because to me it was easier than other subjects . I 'm very lazy , you see ; I do what 's easiest for me .
Question : You were only 19 years old when you proved your first influential result in mathematics , in the area of knot theory [ see here for more ] . When did you start working on complex mathematics ?
Answer : I guess I 've always liked working on concrete problems . This was a problem that the professor described in class , and it was a very intriguing one , and so I started thinking about it . I mean I 'd clearly already been studying mathematics for a few years at that point , so I had some idea of the kind of methods that might work , but of course there 's always more to learn in mathematics . There 's a famous English book , written by Lewis Carroll , about the Red Queen , who has to keep running to keep up with where they are . That 's what a life in mathematics is like ; we have to keep running .
Question : How do you manage to continue producing important mathematical results even though you are getting older and older ?
Answer : Well , I 've noticed I 'm getting older . It 's getting harder , but it 's what I love to do , so I try to keep up , and still look at interesting questions . Of course it 's well-known that mathematics is a young man 's game , so I 'm very grateful if I can still make some contribution .
One of Milnor 's most important results was the discovery of so-called exotic spheres . These are strange shapes that live in higher mathematical dimensions . You can find out more about them here . As the name suggests , mathematicians had n't expected these strange shapes to even exist before Milnor 's discovery , so we asked ...
Question : Had you been looking for these strange objects , or did their discovery come as a surprise to you ?
Answer : It came completely by accident , as far as I was concerned , and I was very confused . I was just looking at the same problem from two different approaches and got contradictory answers , and I did n't know where I 'd made a mistake . Finally the only resolution was to find that an assumption that I 'd been making , that everyone had been making , was wrong .
Question : Which moment in your mathematical life remains most vivid in your memory ?
Answer : Well , I suppose the most dramatic thing was the [ discovery of exotic spheres ] . This was a once-in-a-lifetime kind of experience , that just something was wrong and I could n't figure out what it was , and was rather amazed when I finally figured it out . In general I 've simply been very lucky ; I 've had a long life and reasonable health most of the time , and since I love mathematics , I 've just dabbled a little bit in different kinds over the years , and mostly it has n't been any particular moments which were special , but I 've just enjoyed the general process .
Question : You are also famous for your work in dynamical systems . What is a dynamical system and why are they important ?
Answer : Dynamical systems basically are the study of systems which change with time according to some mathematically understandable rule , and this includes many different kinds of science . Some of the people who first started interesting currents of thought in dynamics were astronomers , meteorologists , chemists . Because it 's common to all parts of science that you want to know , given the past , what is the future going to be ? You want to find rules , if they exist .
In some sciences , like physics and chemistry , there are very clear rules . Or meteorology ; they can be very complicated , but they 're amenable ; if you can find exact descriptions of what the rules are , then you can try to analyse them mathematically .
In other fields , such as anything involving human choices : history , psychology and so on , it 's much harder to apply mathematics , but mathematical tools are still of great interest . Financial mathematics is an example where mathematical tools can be applied with great difficulty , and if they 're applied badly they can lead to disaster . But it 's still important to try to understand what the rules are , to what extent they 're consistent and how to apply them .
Dynamics is evidently a very big field . I 've tried to tell you that dynamics is a very general subject which can be applied in many different areas . I certainly do n't want to make it sound as if I am contributing to all of these areas ; I work in a much more narrow part of the field , just trying to understand very simple mathematical models which give rise to complex behaviour , but , well , there 's room for research at all levels .
Many physical systems are extremely complicated ; the only way to analyse them is by computer experiments with very fast , large computers , but one can often get ideas of general principles from studying much more simple systems , and that is the kind of approach I do . More driven by mathematical curiosity , and trying to understand some of the simplest systems , which even though they look simple , can induce very complex behaviour ; difficult to understand . [ You can find out more about dynamical systems and the difficulties of predicting their behaviour here . ]
John Milnor giving the Abel lecture at the ICM 2014 . Image ⓒ 2010-2014 International Congress of Mathematicians 2014 All rights reserved .
Question : Is mathematics something that is already out there and which we humans discover , or is it something we invent ?
Answer : Well , this is a very old question . I suppose one way of examining it is to look at the historical record of the way mathematics has developed in different parts of the world . I think there was a long Oriental tradition of mathematics , especially in China , which was largely independent of Western mathematics . They were not so different that we were unable to communicate with each other , but certainly the language one uses , the precise way one phrases things , depends very much on individual choice , which tends to change with time .
I 've been trying to prepare a lecture describing mathematics 150 years ago , and it 's very hard to read these things , because the words meant very different things , then , when the concepts have been developing . What can I say ? I think you ca n't get a definite answer one way or another . There are consequences you can derive from reasonable hypotheses , and those should be the same no matter who develops them , but the precise way you phrase things , the basic concepts you use , may be different .
Question : How can we teach young mathematicians and scientists to write as well as you do ?
Answer : I think most of my writing has been just driven by the desire to understand something . I find that to understand something I have to write it down , and if I write it down clearly enough so that I can understand it then there 's some hope that other people would be able to understand it too , I think , but it takes a great deal of care to translate an idea into words , so that I typically have to write things over and over again .
When I was young , before we had computers , I used to drive secretaries crazy , because I would write a manuscript , they would type it , and then I would cross out this , substitute that , move things around and ask them to type it again . Then the next week the same thing would happen again ; I 'm sure they hated me . Nowadays it 's easy on a computer to shift things around , cross out , and it becomes much easier .
There are some people who can just sit down and decide what they want to do ; write it out . I think a mathematician called Serge Lang was proficient at this . They would have an idea , think about it , sit down at their typewriter and type a book and send it off to the publisher . It 's not the perfect way to do things ; I 'm sure the books could have been better , but they covered an awful lot of material in a quite useful way .
Now , I ca n't work that way ; I have to make a first attempt , and then when I read it , it looks awful , and I have to rewrite and change it . Sometimes there 's the terrible feeling when one rewrites over and over and then looks back at the first version and notices it was much easier to understand .
You can also listen to this interview as a podcast . See here for all our coverage from the ICM 2014 .
This letter is not a research report or recommendation to buy or sell the securities mentioned herein . The examples herein are illustrations of ways in which Corsair and its affiliates have examined or may examine opportunities . Additionally such examples do not represen
                                  
they securities mentioned in this letter and may change its long or short position at any time without providing any notification of such changes . It should not be assumed that any trading activities pursued either now or in the future will be profitable . Such activities may in fact result in losses .
! `` # $ % & # ! % ( & ) % * + % , % -./. , ) 0 1232 4 566 + % 7 & $ '' , 89. , :.0 ; <
) =
> * '' '' # 4 ? . @ A '' # B0 ? A ; CC ; D 4 < ; < 2EFE25CCC
Appe ndix - S e awo r ld Ent e r tai nme nt , I nc ( `` S EA S `` - $ 28 )
                
names SeaWorld , Busch Gardens , Aquatica and Sesame Place . SEAS has a strong business model with high barriers to entry , a good management team and tailwinds in its business . Over the next few years , we expect SEAS to use its significant free cash flow generation to reward shareholders with increased dividends and share repurchases . Amid continued negative sentiment and lowered expectations , we believe SEAS has a strong risk/reward profile - with limited downside and upside of $ 40-45 per share in the next 12 months . After two decades under the Anheuser Busch umbrella , SEAS was purchased by The Blackstone Group in
     
nvested heavily to upgrade park infrastructure , create new dynamic exhibits and rides , and improve safety conditions for the nearl y 70,000 marine and t errestrial animals it cares for . In 2013 , the company complet ed its initial public offering at $ 27 per share , and today Blackstone only owns ~20 % of the public equity . While SEAS posted record revenue and EBITDA during 2013 , attendance declined by 4 % . Management attributed some of this decline to a pricing strategy change implemented in early 2013 , prior to plans for a public offering . Additionally , we believe that negative media events regarding captive orcas ( i.e . Blackfish ) , above-average rainfall in Orlando and only a partial year of important new exhibits contributed to the attendance decline . While some of these issues will impact 2014 , we believe they are transitory in nature and expect attendance trends to improve in the back half of 2014 . Despite the temporary attendance headwinds , SEAS is in strong financial health . Admission fees , in-park spending , EBITDA and free cash flow have all grown to record levels . Leverage is a modest 3.5x EBITDA and management has telegraphed plans to convert to a REIT once tax benefits expire in 2018 . We expect the company to generate ~ $ 2.40 per share of free cash flow in 2014 and nearly $ 3 per share in 2015 . On a comparable basis , Six Flags trades at close to a 14x multiple of 2015 free cash flow . A similar multiple would imply a SEAS stock price of approximately 50 % above the current quote . Management seems to agree that its shares are undervalued , having repurchased more than 3 million shares since the IPO . SEAS has numerous major expansion opportunities that are unique to its brand strength . In May , the company announced that it is in talks with a Middle Eastern partner to develop multiple parks ( note : the recently
                 
Additionally , SEAS owns excess land in many of its locations

Chelsea are free-falling , Liverpool is in transition and Manchester United do not quite seem to know what they want to be . If ever there was a chance for Tottenham to step in and crack the top four , it would appear to be this season .
They are unbeaten in the Premier League since the opening day of the campaign , have a solid defence , a brilliant goalkeeper and an attractive attack . It is a young team of surprise packages and swagger , which increasingly appears to have mastered Mauricio Pochettino 's plans for high pressing and quick passing after some disjointed attempts last season .
But against all that , it is also a team that has to juggle their domestic assignments with Europa League football . Not many clubs pull off the trick . So , can they do it ?
Here , Sportsmail looks at five reasons why Tottenham have done so well this season and considers why this might just be time for them to take the next step .
Harry Kane ( left ) and Erik Lamela celebrate combining for Tottenham 's third goal in their win over Aston Villa
Spurs appear to have mastered Mauricio Pochettino 's plan for a high-pressing and quick-passing game
THE REVELATIONS
Has another side in the Premier League had so many pleasant surprises this season ? Tottenham were able to survive Harry Kane 's lean spell because other areas of the team were so effective – and they were areas of success that few could have anticipated .
Dele Alli is the standout name , having arrived from MK Dons . Jan Vertonghen was honest enough on Monday evening to admit they had never heard of Alli before they rocked up at Hotspur Way .
Vertonghen said : ‘ To be honest , before they came here , I did n't really know him . Nothing bad about that - I do n't know anything about lower leagues . But you think I mean this in a bad way but this guy has impressed everyone since the first day we met . '
Alli 's performances as a deep-lying midfielder have incredibly led to two England caps at 19 . Alongside him , and equally impressive , has been Eric Dier . They have journeyed around right back and central defence , but as a defensively-minded midfielder this season has been exceptional . The combined age of that Dier-Alli axis is only 40 .
Beyond that pairing , Erik Lamela has suddenly stirred . Their reputation has shifted from that of a £30million flop to a player who can change games . They have been excellent , scoring twice and creating three more in the Premier League . Along with Christian Eriksen , they offer the creative power to keep Tottenham winning games .
England midfielder Dele Alli has been a revelation for Spurs since their step up from MK Dons this season
Defensive midfielder Eric Dier ( right ) , who with Alli makes a combined age of 40 , has also impressed
THE BACKLINE
Tottenham have conceded only nine league goals this season – jointly the third best tally in the division - and a significant element of that is down to the pairing of Toby Alderweireld and Vertonghen .
Between them , they have not missed a minute of Premier League football so far . Considering every other player in the squad has been taken off or rested at some point or other , it would indicate how important they are to Pochettino . Certainly the pairing has strengthened as a result .
As a pair of big men , they also add strength and experience to a team that likes to be light on its toes . Across the Premier League , only Sebastien Bassong and Russell Martin have a higher combined number of headed clearances ( 122 ) than Vertonghen and Alderweireld ( 84 ) .
A key aspect of this campaign will be how Pochettino manages their resources across domestic and Europa League assignments . They have already shown a willingness to rotate Danny Rose and Ben Davies at left back for continental games , while Kieran Trippier has also been used in place of Kyle Walker in the Europa League , where Spurs have looked less sturdy .
Domestically , though , the unit has been strong . Dier is a big element of that , with the defensive base balancing the five attack-minded players that Pochettino tends to deploy . It helps that Hugo Lloris is one of the best goalkeepers in Europe .
Jan Vertonghen ( left ) and Toby Alderweireld ( below right ) have played every Premier League minute so far
The Belgian centre-back partnership has been strengthened by regular game time and faith from the manager
KANE IS ABLE
Harry Kane was always going to suffer close scrutiny after their breakthrough last season , but it is worth noting that while their scoring was slow to gain momentum , they were not playing badly . The fact Tottenham lost only a single game in the dry patch is not only testament to the other players , but also an encouraging sign . If they could make progress up the table when Kane was not scoring , what will they do now that they are ?
Such hypotheticals do n't always play out , but after scoring against Villa , having hit a hat-trick at Bournemouth a week earlier , they now appear to be in good form . With five goals for the season , a hefty element of the numerical pressure is off as well .
Concern will come from the heavy strapping they have recently worn on their knee , as Tottenham are worryingly light on strikers .
Spurs won without Harry Kane not scoring but now he 's back in the goals who know what can happen
THE WIZARD
Christian Eriksen is the creative master of the side . While Kane took the credit last season and the emergence of Dier and Alli have drawn attention this time round , it is Eriksen who consistently delivers match-winning performances .
They are an exceptional player , an attacking midfielder who not only spots and executes the passes through tight spaces , but who also hits free-kicks as well as any player in the division . Their performance at Bournemouth recently was simply exceptional .
In all , they have created 25 chances and had three assists . Aged only 23 , like Lamela , they are another example of a deeply talented Tottenham player with time on their side . There are still questions about how frequently they can dominate the big games , but there can not be many contenders out there who would not want them in their side .
Christian Eriksen is Spurs ' undoubted creative master who consistently delivers match-winning performances
Another creative power is Erik Lamela , who has gone from being derided as a flop to a game-changer
NO MORE CHOKING
Tottenham have long been the soft touch that wilts against their direct rivals in the table . That psychological sense of inferiority has been discussed at length by Pochettino and Lloris in the past and it is only by beating the established giants that a change can be made .
The 4-1 demolition of Manchester City felt like a major moment for this squad , which is now demonstrating an ever clearer understanding of Pochettino 's system .
This month , when Tottenham play Arsenal and Chelsea immediately after Europa League fixtures , will offer a major indicator of how they are developing on this front .
…BUT A NOTE OF CAUTION
As mentioned , Tottenham are perilously thin up front . A shortcoming of their transfer window operations was that they started the season with only Kane and Heung-min Son as recognised strikers . Son 's lingering foot injury has highlighted the shortcoming of that approach , interrupting their impressive start to life at Spurs .
Clinton N'Jie frequently played as a second striker in France , but still looks too lightweight to play up front on their own . They have more often been used out wide . An injury to Kane , therefore , could have a devastating effect .
In new free-to-play first-person shooter game 'The Drowning , ' players are the survivors of a mysterious catastrophe that includes massive oil spills .
A screen shot from the upcoming video game 'The Drowning ' . ( Photo11 : DeNa ) Story Highlights Take aim at zombies in 'The Drowning '
Designers aim for console-quality immersion
Players can craft own weapons
There 's a new take on zombie apocalypse in the works .
A new first-person shooter game The Drowning posits players into the aftermath of a mysterious catastrophe that includes massive oil spills . Crawling from the muck are humans transformed into killing machines .
`` The team wanted non-human enemies that players could mow-down in the hundreds , '' says Ben Cousins , general manager of Stockholm , Sweden-based studio Scattered Entertainment . `` The typical George Romero-inspired zombie felt really overdone to us , so a couple of guys on our team started brainstorming around creepy Stephen King/HP Lovecraft-inspired concepts and we tied it in to people 's fears of natural disasters . ''
The free-to-play 3-D shooter is being designed for mobile devices and due in early 2013 . Working on the game are developers whose past experience includes Battlefield , Halo and Far Cry .
The design team 's goal with The Drowning is to bring an immersive PC and console-quality experience to the iPad and iPhone , says Cousins , who heads parent company DeNA 's European studios . They previously helped create the free-to-play Battlefield games while at Electronic Arts/DICE . `` The team wanted to blend two very distinct genres – the rapid game loop , simple controls and the free-to-play business model of mobile games , with the high-end graphics , serious tone , and incredible graphics of console and PC first-person shooters , '' they say . `` Think Blood Brothers meets Resident Evil 4 . ''
Cousins promises a new take on mobile gameplay . `` We believe that the 'virtual stick ' system used by most mobile first-person shooter games is a dead-end , '' they say . `` The first thing we did was prototype ideas around controlling a FPS on a touch screen with one hand , and using typical gestures like taps and swipes . We 've created a system that uses taps to shoot and move , and swipes to look . It 's very intuitive and easy to learn but it also rewards patience and skill . ''
For more on the game , check out the video below and visit the official web site .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/TJy5T0
Under the combined pressure of forces from Chad , Cameroon and Nigeria Islamic extremists Boko Haram are not having things all their own way . The Nigerian army has been celebrating the recapture of the town of Baga , part of an ongoing offensive in the north of the country .
Air strikes are also providing effective support in pushing back Boko Haram . who have lost several towns and villages in recent weeks .
Baga has strategic value because of its proximity to Nigeria 's borders with Chad , Niger and Cameroon , and retaking the town means the four-nation alliance can restore its joint command there .
Militarily important then , but Baga 's residents feel abandoned .
“ We just depend on any food that any one of us , man , woman or child , finds . The few wares I have for sale struggle to sell , but I still make a little money . But there 's nothing to buy because they ate everything and destroyed the market . Shops have been cosed for three months now , ” said one elderly man .
The city will need time to recover from Boko Haram 's brief rule , which saw thousands of homes and structures destroyed beyond the deaths and disappearances .
Ira Pasternack could n't believe their eyes . The tractor 's huge blade was lifted high up and then brought down with great force , shattering the ancient floors on Temple Mount . The large clods of earth exposed by the work were cast aside by the mustachioed driver . Yet even an amateur archeologist could spot the priceless remnants of Jewish , Christian and Muslim history being cast away .
A few hours earlier , on a steaming July day in 2007 , Pasternack was sent to Temple Mount in their role as an Israel Antiquities Authority inspector , in order to supervise excavation works at the holy site , which in the past boasted two Jewish Temples . This marked the first such project at the site since the 1967 Six-Day War , as the area 's sensitivity could prompt a political and diplomatic flare-up , thereby discouraging any such work .
Related stories :
According to specific Antiquities Authority instructions , any digging at the site was not allowed to exceed 60 centimeters ( roughly two feet ) and was not to be undertaken using mechanical equipment . However , reports drafted by Pasternnack and other sources , exposed for the first time by Yedioth Ahronoth Friday , indicate that workers largely ignored the instructions .
Much of the work was done using a tractor , continued during the night with the help of a flashlight , reached deeper than the permit allowed for . Moreover , the clods of earth removed from the site , which apparently comprised valuable remnants from the two Jewish Temples , were thrown away to an improvised garbage dump by members of the Waqf ( the administrative Muslim body in charge of Temple Mount . )
Arabs removing any trace of Jewish history ? ( Photo : AP )
Archeology expert Dr. Gabai Barkai , a world-renowned expert on Temple era excavations , was shocked by the reported work : `` How could one dig up such sensitive area at night ? How could one dig using mechanical equipment ? Every such move is a crime . This is first-rate barbarity . ''
Why is report secret ?
An investigative report by Yedioth Ahronoth revealed the ongoing failure of various Israeli authorities in safeguarding the rare archeological treasures found on Temple Mount . Information elicited by the newspaper showed that the Waqf is consistently erasing any trace of Jewish history at the site .
Mideastern affairs expert Dr. Mordechai Kedar says these acts are undertaken in the framework of an Arab practice known as `` erasing the signs , '' aimed at eliminating the remnants of any civilization that preceded Islam .
Members of the State Comptroller 's Office launched an investigation into the affair four years ago and drafted a report about it . However , the Knesset 's State Control Committee decided to impose a gag order on the report for `` security reasons . ''
However , Israeli intelligence officials told Yedioth Ahronoth there is no reason to prevent the report 's publication . A senior Shin Bet Security Service official said following the Committee 's session on the matter : `` I 'm ashamed . This is akin to cheapening national security to the lowest point possible . ''
Former Mossad Chief Meir Dagan has also questioned the gag order . `` There is no connection whatsoever between the failure to publish the report and national security . As far as I know , both Mossad and Shin Bet said there is no reason not to publish the report…apparently there are other considerations here , pertaining to political motives . ''
Conversations and interviews held with dozens of officials involved in drafting the State Comptroller 's secret report indicate that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is among the senior officials interested in shelving the document . Attorney Yisrael Caspi , who represents a group fighting the destruction on Temple Mount , says the PM is unequivocally responsible for the ongoing failure .
Is PM Netanyahu burying report ? ( Photo : Ido Erez )
`` One can not underestimate the prime minister 's responsibility for the state of affairs on Temple Mount ; one can only refer to it as absolute responsibility , '' they said . `` We know with certainty that nothing happens on Temple Mount without the advance knowledge and permission of the Prime Minister 's Office and its head . All the criticism , all the negligence , all the failures , the entire cover-up and the helplessness in dealing with the matter - and therefore all the historical responsibility - are his . ''
Caspi says Netanyahu does not want to be reminded of the `` historical scandal '' of handing over the holy site known in Judaism as Solomon 's Stables to the Waqf during the PM 's first term in office , in the 1990s . `` This turned Solomon 's Stables , an amazing archeological site…into a place that Jews are not allowed to enter and into the largest mosque in the State of Israel , '' they say .
`` These days too , three tractors are being used on Temple Mount , '' Caspi says . `` Construction materials are also continuing to be brought into Temple Mount in violation of police pledges…Temple Mount looks today like a construction materials ' warehouse…materials being brought in today will be used for illegal works tomorrow . ''
In another disturbing case , a ministerial committee approved the use of two giant generators on Temple Mount . `` At times you 're just stunned by the lack of wisdom in our conduct on Temple Mount , '' Attorney Caspi says . `` You ca n't believe these things are happening . We are playing into our enemies ' hands and shooting ourselves in the foot , because these generators can provide enough electricity for half the city . Why are they needed ? ''
`` Now , there is a regular supply of electricity to Temple Mount . The State of Israel has no interest whatsoever in allowing the Muslims the possibility to riot and barricade themselves there . ''
Waqf denies 'false charges '
After the opening of the Western Wall Tunnels in 1996 and the subsequent riots at the site , then-PM Netanyahu agreed to unilateral Waqf steps in the area . The Waqf almost immediately embarked on excavation work , and two months after the tunnels were opened the Islamic body inaugurated the largest mosque in Israel at the large space associated with Solomon 's stables , thereby banning Jews from entering the site .
Two years later , the Waqf inaugurated another mosque , this time below the al-Aqsa Mosque nearby . As part of the work , the Waqf cleared great amounts of soil from the area , built a new floor and installed new pipes , while drilling into ancient stones . Moreover , Waqf members painted over rare Jewish works at the site . All this work was undertaken without Israeli supervision , and one can only imagine the kinds of cultural , historical and religious treasures lost in the process .
Muslims pray on Mount ( Photo : Ohad Zoigenberg )
In 1999 , the Waqf went a step further and dug a hole in the Temple Mount plaza , arguing that it needed to build an emergency exit for the mosque . The work was done by tractors , with some 250 trucks removing about 12,000 tons of soil replete with archeological findings from the site . The soil was dumped at a city garbage dump and also near the Kidron River .
Archeologists Gabi Barkai and Zachi Zweig are now sifting through the latter pile as part of a special project , and have already discovered priceless findings attesting to the administrative work undertaken in the first Temple . The archeologists also found decorated utensils from the King Solomon era , as well as coins and clay dating back to the second Temple . Hundreds of artifacts have already been put on show for the benefit of the general public .
The Prime Minister 's Office issued the following response to the story : `` As opposed to the claims , the body that imposed a gag order on the ( State Comptroller 's ) report was not the government , but rather , the sub-committee of the Knesset 's Defense and Foreign Affair 's Committee…any argument alleging that the report is not being published as result of irrelevant reasons is baseless and disconnected from reality . ''
The Waqf issued the following response : `` The Waqf 's management was sorry to hear the claims made in the story pertaining to the Waqf 's policy on Temple Mount . In the Waqf management 's view , all these claims are baseless and constitute false charges . Our official policy is to preserve and respect any human heritage . You are invited to visit the mosque and see for yourself well preserved Roman , Byzantine and Crusader artifacts , among other items . ''
The full story was published by Yedioth Ahronoth on Friday
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos ! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer . 2015 March 11
Volcano of Fire Erupts Under the Stars
Image Credit & Copyright : Diego Rizzo
Explanation : First , there was an unusual smell . Then there was a loud bang . But what appeared to the eye was the most amazing of all . While waiting near midnight to see a possible eruption of Volcán de Fuego ( Volcano of Fire ) in Guatemala last month , a ready camera captured this extraordinary image . Lava is seen running down the side of the volcano , while ash rises up , and glowing magma bubbles explode out of the caldera . Lights near the town of Escuintla can be seen in the background , one of several nearby towns that have witnessed several spectacular eruptions previously . High above , seemingly tranquil by comparison , are familiar stars from the night sky . Although the Volcán de Fuego usually undergoes low-level activity , when the next spectacular eruption will occur is unknown .
The Lout Typesetting System Lout is a typesetting language similar in style to LaTeX . I use it for all my books and most of my other writings .
Lout produces high quality PostScript which can be converted to PDF using Ghostscript or some other “ distiller ” program . Lout comes as a complete package , including powerful support for tables , equations , graphs , and diagrams . It is suitable for any large document where typesetting quality is an overriding concern . Lout is easy to get started with , although some of its advanced facilities can be challenging to understand . Lout has been used to produce several books .
Lout was created by , and is maintained by , Jeffrey Kingston . It is licensed under the GPL ( GPL v. 3 from 3.36 ) .
Lout 's home page is http : //savannah.nongnu.org/projects/lout/ . In addition there is Lout 's primary ftp site , ftp : //ftp.cs.usyd.edu.au/jeff/lout/ .
Lout also has a low-traffic/high quality mailing list at http : //lists.nongnu.org/mail carrier/listinfo/lout-users .
Your Privacy • Copyright © 2006 Qtrac Ltd. All Rights Reserved .
Top
Not to be confused with Raymond , Washington
Raymond Lee Washington ( August 14 , 1953 – August 9 , 1979 ) was an American gangster , known as the founder of the Crips gang in Los Angeles , California . [ 1 ] Washington formed the Crips as a minor street gang in the late 1960s in Los Angeles ' South Central area , becoming a prominent local crime boss . In 1971 , Washington formed an alliance with Stanley `` Tookie '' Williams , establishing the Crips as the first major African-American street gang in Los Angeles , and served as one of the co-leaders . In 1974 , Washington was convicted of robbery and received a five-year prison sentence , during which their leadership and influence in the Crips declined .
On August 9 , 1979 , Washington was assassinated in a drive-by shooting shortly after their release from prison . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Biography [ edit ]
Early life [ edit ]
Raymond Lee Washington was born in Los Angeles , California , on August 14 , 1953 , the youngest of four sons to Violet Samuel and Reginald Washington . [ 4 ] Their parents separated when they were two years old , and they were raised by their mother and stepfather . They grew up on East 76th Street , between Wadsworth Avenue and Central Avenues in Los Angeles ' South Central . [ 1 ] Washington had a half-brother , Derard S. Barton , from their mother 's second marriage .
According to neighbours of Washington , they developed an affinity for fist fighting as an adolescent , and was constantly in trouble with the Los Angeles Police Department for various offenses . Washington 's mother is quoted as saying , `` Raymond was a good kid when they were a boy . Raymond did n't go out of their way to fight or do anything bad , but if someone came to him , they would protect himself . And they were well built . They tried to protect the community and keep the bad guys out . But after a while , every time I looked up , the police were coming to the house looking for Raymond . `` [ 1 ] Some neighbors remembered Washington differently : Lorrie Griffin Moss , who resided across the street from Washington on E 76th Street , said , `` I do n't have a whole lot of good to say about Raymond . Raymond was a bully . A muscular bully . They would n't let anybody from outside our neighborhood bother us . They would bother us . Raymond could be very mean . `` [ 1 ] A friend stated that Washington was a good football player , but never participated as a member of school sports team due to their poor grades . Washington was repeatedly expelled from schools resulting in frequent transfers , attending Locke High School , John C. Fremont High School , an alternative school attached to Washington Preparatory High School , and Fairfax High School in the Fairfax District near West Hollywood .
Gang involvement [ edit ]
In the late 1960s , there was a dramatic increase in youth crime in Los Angeles , particularly in and around South Central 's Watts neighborhood . Crime was especially prevalent in the three housing projects located in Watts , known as `` the Bricks '' : Imperial Courts , Nickerson Gardens , and Jordan Downs , where violent street robberies were common among adolescent criminals . Older African-American street gangs in South Central like the Slausons , the Businessmen , and the Gladiators , had been ended by activist groups such as the Black Panther Party and the US Organization . The absence of the old gangs saw numerous new youth gangs begin to form in their place , including the Sportsmans Park , New House Boys , Acey Duecy , and Chain Gang , on West Side .
Washington , a native of the East Side in their early teens during the rise of the gangs , joined a local street gang called The Avenues , led by another teenager named Craig Munson . At age 15 , Washington beat up Munson 's younger brother in fist fight after discovering Munson had put a gun to their older brother , Reggie Washington . After the fight , Washington and one of their other older brothers , Ronald Joe , confronted Munson on the corner of E 81st Street and Avalon Boulevard . According to former gang members who knew Washington at the time , they were subsequently beaten up by Craig Munson in retaliation for their younger brother 's beating , and Washington left The Avenues . In late 1969 , Washington organized their own gang called the Baby Avenues , recruiting a group of other neighborhood youths in South Central . The Baby Avenues wanted to emulate a gang of older youths called The Avenue Boys , which had been active since 1964 on Central Avenue .
The Crips [ edit ]
By 1969 , the Baby Avenues had re-branded themselves as The Crips , derived from Reggie Washington 's nickname , and the size of the gang had grown rapidly . Fist fighting was the primary method of combat used by street gangs in Los Angeles at the time , and Washington developed a reputation as one of the best fist fighters in South Central 's East Side . Washington used their fighting prowess to gain respect and fear from other gang members in the East Side , establishing themselves as the natural leader of Crips , and used their reputation to influence smaller African-American youth gangs to join . This resulted in a network of Crip sets ( subgroups ) across the East Side , including the Avalon Gardens Crips , the Eastside Crips , the Inglewood Crips , under Washington 's ultimate control .
Unification of South Central gangs [ edit ]
In 1971 , Washington approached Stanley `` Tookie '' Williams , a similar gang leader from South Central 's West Side who used their reputation as a fist fighter to unite gangs under their control , at Washington Preparatory High School where both were attending . Washington had heard of Williams through a mutual friend , who had informed Washington of Williams ' toughness and their willingness to fight members of larger , more established street gangs such as the L.A. Brims and the Chain Gang . According to Williams ' account of the meeting , what struck them about Washington was that , besides being incredibly muscular , they and their cohort were dressed similar to Williams and their clique , wearing leather jackets with starched Levi 's jeans and suspenders . Washington proposed to Williams they form a confederation of the gangs under their influence in their respective areas along with another teenage gang leader called Mac Thomas in Compton , to form a single large street gang . The proposal would see Williams ' gangs adopt the Crip branding and would be allied with other Crip gangs outside of the West Side , but would retain ultimate leadership in the East Side . Williams accepted Washington 's proposal , uniting the West Side gangs under their influence as the West Side Crips .
The Crips quickly established themselves as the largest street gang in Los Angeles , with increasing numbers and territory as their influence spread across low-income black neighborhoods . Washington , Williams and Thomas effectively held a monopoly on criminal activity in these areas , and became the dominant crime bosses . Street gangs that had resisted being absorbed into the Crips soon formed their own confederate alliance , the Bloods , to protect their independence and their interests in the criminal market . The founding of the Bloods sparked an instant rivalry between the new large gangs that saw a surge in violent crime in Los Angeles , as neighboring Crip and Blood sets began using increasing violence to fight over territory and personal feuds . With the rise of media coverage , which put these new violent gangs on the front page , soon many disaffected black youths were running to join the Crips , many without ever being contacted by gang leaders . One story at the time stated : [ 5 ]
One of the gangs , in the area is known as the Crips/ which started out at Washington High School as an extortion and terror organization and spread to other schools where the gang members enrolled after being expelled from Washington , the police said . The Police also said that this gang has been spreading `` like an octopus '' and now has members throughout South-Central Los Angeles , Inglewood , Gardena , Compton , Lynwood , Lancaster , Palmdale , the Firestone [ unincorporated ] area and the San Fernando Valley . Gang members , to identify themselves , wear black gloves on their left hands and gold-colored earrings in their left ears , which are pierced , according to police . They sometimes carry canes , which they use as weapons . There are two stories circulating on the derivation of the word Crips . One is that it stands for a cripple , because some of the founders were injured and had to carry canes for a time . The other is that the founders once wore Afro-style hairdos and their parents made them `` crip it . `` [ citation needed ]
Within a few years , much of the original Crip leadership were either imprisoned or dead . On February 23 , 1973 , Curtis `` Buddha '' Morrow , a close friend of Tookie Williams and a high-ranking Crip enforcer , was shot to death in South Central following a petty argument . Mac Thomas was murdered under mysterious circumstances in the mid-1970s .
Robbery conviction [ edit ]
In 1974 , 21-year-old Washington was arrested for second-degree robbery and sentenced to five years ' imprisonment at the Deuel Vocational Institution in Tracy , becoming the first Crip to be incarcerated there . Washington was unpopular among the prison population as they began to recruit young African-American inmates into the Crips , much to the disapproval of established black prison groups like the Black Muslims and the Black Guerrilla Family . According to a former inmate who was housed at Deuel with Washington , the Black Muslims and the Black Guerrilla Family were aware of the spread of the Crips in Los Angeles , and warned Washington that they would not tolerate the formation of Crips in the prison . Washington faced another problem while serving time at Deuel : as the Crips murdered rival gang members on the streets of Los Angeles , inmates at Deuel who were relatives of victims held Washington responsible for their deaths . Greg `` Batman '' Davis , a friend of Washington and an original Crips member , stated `` People in the prisons was losing their loved ones on the streets and because Raymond was the founder of the Crips , they blamed them for it . And since Raymond was the only Crip up there ( at Deuel ) at the time , they were trying to kill him . `` [ citation needed ]
In the 1979 , Washington was released from prison after serving their sentence and returned to Los Angeles . Reportedly , Washington was shocked to discover that the violent war between the Crips , Bloods , and Hispanic gangs had escalated to the point that fighting using firearms , as opposed to fist fighting , was now normal . Over the next few months , Washington became disillusioned with the Crips as the gang committed more violent and senseless crimes , with new recruits seeking to build their reputations . [ citation needed ] Since Washington 's imprisonment , the organization had totally broken down into loosely-affiliated decentralized sets that often fought each other , as the Crips ' original leadership had disappeared . Tookie Williams , the last remaining original Crips leader , served as the de facto leader during Washington 's imprisonment . Williams had been injured in a drive-by shooting in 1976 , and developed a growing addiction to PCP that caused their authority to wane until they were arrested for four counts of homicide shortly before Washington was released . According to law enforcement , former gang members and close friends , Washington had decided that the Crips needed to be brought back under one umbrella organization to stop infighting , and then to work towards a truce with the Bloods . [ citation needed ] Upon realizing they no longer held influence in the gang , Washington started to distance themselves from the Crips .
Death [ edit ]
At around 10:00 p.m. on August 9 , 1979 , twenty-five-year-old Washington was murdered in a drive-by shooting on the corner of E 64th Street and S San Pedro Street in South Central Los Angeles , and was rushed to Morningside Hospital where they died while undergoing emergency surgery . [ citation needed ] No suspects have been arrested , and Washington 's murder remains unsolved . It was reported that Washington was hanging out on the corner when a car pulled up and the unidentified occupants called them over to the car . Washington 's associates , as well as the police , were aware they would never walk up to cars of people that they did not know , and most likely knew the occupants of the vehicle as they told an acquaintance that they knew them . Washington engaged in a brief conversation with them before the occupant in the passenger seat drew a sawed-off shotgun and shot them in the abdomen . [ citation needed ]
See also [ edit ]
Robert D. Marcus became chief executive of Time Warner Cable at the start of the year . Less than two months later , they agreed to sell the company to its largest rival , Comcast , for $ 45 billion .
For that work , they will receive nearly $ 80 million if the deal closes , a severance payment that amounts to more than $ 1 million a day for the six weeks they ran the company before agreeing to sell .
“ It 's not unprecedented , but it is rare and troubling , ” said Robert Jackson Jr. , an associate professor at Columbia Law School . “ There 's something stunning about such big paydays for such a small amount of work . ”
Advertisement
The extraordinary exit package is just one more example of corporate America rewarding executives with outsize sums for sometimes minimal amounts of work , and it comes despite the growing debate over income inequality in America .
Get Talking Points in your inbox : An afternoon recap of the day 's most important business news , delivered weekdays . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
“ The numbers are already big now between executives and regular people , ” said David F. Larcker , a professor at Stanford Law School . “ This exacerbates those comparisons . ”
So-called golden parachutes are common features in the employment contracts for public company executives , and they often reach stratospheric heights . And although Marcus is in line to receive a huge sum , their payout will not be anywhere close to the largest golden parachutes of all time .
When John Welch left General Electric in 2001 , they reaped rewards of more than $ 417 million , according to GMI Ratings , a corporate governance research firm .
Dozens of executives have received exit packages larger than $ 150 million , including Lee R. Raymond , who received $ 321 million when they left Exxon Mobil in 2005 , and William McGuire , who took home $ 286 million upon leaving the UnitedHealth Group in 2006 .
Advertisement
But the payment to Marcus , 48 , which was disclosed in a regulatory filing Thursday , is nonetheless spectacular because they were chief executive for such a short period .
Most of the payment due Marcus is part of the change of control clause in their contract , which is set off when a company is sold . Such golden parachutes can be among the biggest paydays for executives .
Compensation experts contend that golden parachutes can be in the best interests of shareholders . Without one , a chief executive might not want to sell the company and lose their salary .
What is more , many golden parachutes are structured to reflect the total value of salary , bonuses , and stock options that executives would receive over the duration of their employment .
But critics see the packages as distorting influences that create incentives for chief executives to sell their companies .
Advertisement
Executives can receive golden parachutes not only when they sell their companies but also when they retire , and even when they are fired .
In January , Henrique de Castro was ousted as chief operating officer of Yahoo after clashing with the chief executive , Marissa Mayer . Despite their subpar performance during their 15-month tenure , de Castro walked away with at least $ 88 million and as much as $ 109 million .
Golden parachutes started proliferating in the 1980s . And while recent regulation has given shareholders a voice through say-on-pay votes , it has not damped executives ' enthusiasm for big paydays .
Time Warner Cable shareholders can express their displeasure with the package when they vote on the deal , which they are almost certain to approve . But even if they voice their disapproval of the golden parachutes , it will not change a thing . Such votes are nonbinding .
Doppler Labs got a strange sense of déjà vu when Bose announced the limited release of its hearing-assisting Hearphones late last year . The technology , the look , even the name hit a little too close to home for the headphone startup , so it filed suit earlier this month in Massachusetts , Bose 's home state .
In a 16-page filing , Doppler accuses the audio giant of “ unfair and deceptive business practices , ” citing a laundry list of complaints centering around the startup 's similarly named “ Here Buds. ” Doppler believes Bose incorporated a modified version of its well-received sound-isolating technology for the Hearphones .
It also believes that the company went to some great lengths to acquire early access to the tech , with Bose exec Chris Miller becoming one of company 's earliest backers on Kickstarter .
“ [ I ] t appears that this was not an investment by Mr. Miller simply to get a new and differentiated type of audio product than Bose could deliver , for their personal use , ” the complaint explains , “ but rather an attempt to gain early access to a competitor 's technology . ”
Doppler adds that Miller bought a second pair of the company 's Here Active Listening System and become one of the earliest backers of its followup Here Buds , “ plac [ ing ] their order within minutes of the product announcement ” and personally phoning the hardware startup 's customer service department to ensure that theirs would be one of the first to ship . “ Again , ” the filing adds , “ on information and belief , it now appears that Mr. Miller was doing this to gain early access to a competitor 's technology . ”
The suit continues , accusing Bose of meeting with Doppler under the guise of a strategic partnership in August of last year , “ a sentiment Doppler Labs now surmises was disingenuous. ” Shortly after that , a second meeting occurred in which Doppler disclosed a boatload of information , including its technologies and a product road map — information it says it would not have shared had it been aware of the true nature of the meetings .
It 's worth mentioning that this manner of noise-isolation certainly seemed to be in the air last year . Startup Nuheara offered something similar with its IQbuds . The same goes for Sony 's MDR-1000x — so the possibility that Bose arrived at the concept independently does n't seem entirely out of the question .
And while the Hearphones do indeed share some aesthetic similarities with Doppler 's offerings , they have even more in common with the company 's QuietControl 30 , announced in June of last year .
Doppler is not commenting on the suit for the time being . We 're still awaiting a response from Bose .
DMV Hearing on Ryo Oyamada Crash View Full Caption
LONG ISLAND CITY — The NYPD officer behind the wheel of a patrol car that struck and killed Japanese student Ryo Oyamada in Queens two years ago testified at a DMV hearing Monday that the car 's emergency lights were not on at the time of the crash .
The statement appears to contradict what a lawyer for Oyamada 's family said the victim 's relatives were initially told by the NYPD — that the car that struck Oyamada had its turret lights on top of the car activated .
Officer Darren Ilardi told DMV Administrative Law Judge Kathleen Whelan that they and a fellow officer were responding to a call of an assault in progress with a knife on Feb. 21 , 2013 , when their patrol car fatally hit 24-year-old Oyamada on 40th Avenue in Queensbridge .
The hearing was part of a process to determine whether Ilardi should lose their driver 's license . The hearing was requested by Oyamada 's lawyer last month .
Ilardi testified that they turned off the patrol car 's emergency lights shortly before the crash occurred to avoid giving away their position to a potential suspect .
`` The next thing I know there 's somebody in front of my car . I tried to swerve out of the way , '' they told the judge . `` I hit the brakes and tried to swerve out of the way . ''
But Oyamada 's lawyer said that was different from what they were initially told by NYPD officials .
`` NYPD 's initial position in the days following Ryo 's death was that the lights were on the vehicle , '' said Steve Vaccaro of the law firm Vaccaro and White , who previously obtained video footage that they said shows the patrol car with its emergency lights off .
Police have said Oyamada was crossing in the middle of the block on 40th Avenue between 10th and 11th streets when they were struck .
Both Ilardi and the officer who was in the passenger seat at the time of the crash testified Monday that they could not recall how fast they were driving .
A lawyer for Ilardi called the crash a `` tragedy '' and an accident , but said there was no evidence that the officer acted in `` gross negligence , '' which is what they said the DMV hearing sought to determine .
`` There is no evidence in this record that suggests that the officer acted in such a manner , '' lawyer Mitchell Garber told the judge .
They said the Queens District Attorney 's office investigated the incident and found no criminality , and that an NYPD investigation determined that Ilardi `` did not violate any rule , regulation or procedure '' of the department , and they remain on full duty .
The attorney for Oyamada 's family questioned why the NYPD 's Internal Affairs Bureau did not testify at the hearing . They also said they have concerns about how the NYPD investigated the case , including why investigators were unable to interview any witnesses .
The NYPD did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment .
Oyamada 's family attended the hearing , having come to New York from Japan this week to hold a memorial to mark the second anniversary of their death on Saturday , Vaccaro said .
`` There is a tremendous effort underway by parents who 've lost children , and other crash victims and survivors , to push the DMV to fulfill its statutory mission of accountability , '' they said .
A decision should be made in the case in the next month or so , Vaccaro said .
A Wednesday night press report said Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle is a top contender for press secretary in President-elect Trump 's White House , and will meet with the transition team for a third time this week .
A source on the Trump transition team dismissed that report , and said there 's nothing to it and the Guilfoyle is n't being considered at all for the post . Guilfoyle currently cohosts `` The Five '' on Fox News and previously worked as an assistant district attorney in San Francisco .
Nonetheless , Politico reported Wednesday night that another transition team official who is advocating for Guilfoyle said they are being considered .
`` Do you want a white male representing the White House when half the country thinks the President is a misogynist ? '' that official said . `` Who do you want talking about immigration ? A Latino . When you have to make decisions about pro-life justices , do you want a man or a woman ? ''
Outgoing Republican National Committee communications director Sean Spicer is thought to be in line for the same job in the White House . Radio host Laura Ingraham , former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway , and former Trump spokesperson Katrina Pierson have also been mentioned as possible candidates for press secretary .
Trump is expected to announce their White House press team by the end of the week . Guilfoyle did not respond to a request for comment from the Washington Examiner .
This story was updated at 10:05 a.m. , Thursday .
Oscar Pistorius erupted in anguished howls and heaving sobs while testifying at their murder trial about the moments when they say they realized they shot their girlfriend through a closed toilet door .
The court in Pretoria adjourned because of the star athlete 's breakdown , ending a day in which Pistorius spoke of the loving aspects of their relationship with Steenkamp in testimony designed to counter a prosecution picture of them as temperamental and overbearing , and then outlined their version of events leading up to the shooting .
`` I sat over Reeva and I cried , '' Pistorius said , telling how they broke open the stall door in their bathroom in the early hours of Feb. 14 , 2013 to discover their bloodied girlfriend slumped in the cubicle . `` I do n't know how long I was there for . ''
Pistorius has said in statements that they shot Steenkamp after mistaking them for an intruder in their bathroom . Tuesday marked the first time they have spoken publicly about the details of the fatal shooting . Prosecutors call Pistorius ' story an intricate lie and maintain they intentionally killed their 29-year-old girlfriend , a model and reality TV show star , after an argument .
TUNIS ( Reuters ) - Tunisian opposition activists have launched their own version of Egypt 's Tamarud protest movement , whose campaign to remove President Mohamed Mursi drew millions onto the streets and led to an army ultimatum for the Islamist leader to share power .
Mohamed Bennour ( C ) , coordinator of the Tunisia Tamarod ( rebel ) movement , speaks at a news conference in Tunis July 3 , 2013 . REUTERS/Zoubeir Souissi
The youthful , little known leaders of Tunisian Tamarud ( Rebel ) hope to galvanize opposition to their own Islamist-led government which , like Mursi , came to power after an uprising in 2011 swept an autocratic leader from office .
Like its Egyptian namesake , the Tunisian group accuses the Islamists of trying to usher in a religious state that smothers personal freedoms and failing to drag the economy out of crisis .
Its members said they planned to call for mass protests after quickly gathering the signatures of about 200,000 people opposing the government .
That is a fraction of the 22 million signatures their Egyptian counterparts said they collected against Mursi , but the Tunisian activists believe they can acquire comparable momentum .
Tamarud spokesperson Mohamed Bennour said the group aimed to overturn a Constituent Assembly charged with drafting a new constitution , accusing the body of preparing the ground for a religious state . It also wants a new caretaker government .
“ Tunisia 's young are following in the footsteps of young Egyptians .. We are not satisfied with what is happening in the country , from an attack on freedoms to a bad economic and social situation , ” Bennour told reporters .
The struggle for power has deepened animosity between Tunisia 's Islamists and liberals since the ousting of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in the first Arab Spring uprising .
But the protest group may struggle to have the same impact as Egyptian Tamarud .
Egyptian liberals and secularists accuse Mursi and their Muslim Brotherhood of spurning any form of political compromise and forcing through a new constitution to further a project of Islamic rule .
The Brotherhood denies this and accuses its opponents of violating democracy by supporting a military coup against an elected head of state .
But the scale of this week 's protests suggests its failure to share real power has helped alienate millions of ordinary Egyptians suffering from the government 's economic mismanagement .
In contrast , Tunisia 's governing Islamist party Ennahda managed to head off growing street protests and appease secular-minded parties by ushering in a coalition government in March that included several independent ministers .
Ennahda has also accepted that sharia ( Islamic law ) is not mentioned in Tunisia 's new constitution , a demand of secular politicians .
The LA Galaxy Academy has announced the 11 seniors that graduated as part of the Academy 's inaugural graduating class of 2016 . The seniors were recognized at a private graduation ceremony at StubHub Center on Thursday , June 30 .
“ This inaugural graduation will serve as a historic mark for the LA Galaxy Academy , ” said Pete Vagenas , Vice President of Soccer Operation . “ This project has long been a vision of the organization and to see it come to fruition is a big achievement for the LA Galaxy . These 11 seniors are a testament to the success and quality of the program . ”
All 11 seniors successfully completed the first year of the Academy 's Blended Learning Environment , a comprehensive student-athlete program that provides individualized and rigorous academic curriculum to the young athletes of the LA Galaxy Academy program .
The 11 graduating student-athletes are : Ethan Zubak ( Valedictorian , LA Galaxy II ) , Brian O'Hara ( University of California , Berkeley ) , Erick Gallinar ( University of California , Irvine ) , Christian Onalfo ( San Diego State University ) , Alejandro Vergara ( San Diego State University ) , Hugo Arellano ( undecided ) , Edwyn Gutierrez ( Mt . San Antonio College ) , Jonathan Hernandez Silva ( Mt . San Antonio College ) , Alex Ramos ( Mission College ) , Luis Carbajal ( Oxnard College ) and Jorge Estrada ( Irvine Valley College ) .
In 2015 , the LA Galaxy Academy founded the Blended Learning Environment to expand on its soccer-exclusive academy . Set at the LA Galaxy 's StubHub Center campus , the LA Galaxy Academy 's Blended Learning Environment has enabled students to excel both on the field and in the classroom . On the field , the student-athletes train under the direction of world-class coaches . In the classroom , the student-athletes received academic instruction from qualified and credentialed teachers in the combination of a physical classroom setting and online curricula .
In total , 49 student-athletes were enrolled in the LA Galaxy Academy for the 2015-16 academic year . All 49 graduated or were promoted to the next grade level . The Academy also celebrated its inaugural 8th grade graduating class of 2016 as part of the graduation ceremony .
“ The 49 student-athletes showed true dedication on and off the field , ” said LA Galaxy Academy Academic Program Manager Stefanie Baduria . “ The 11 seniors graduating are a testament to the professionalism being fostered by the LA Galaxy Academy School . ”
Previous graduates of the LA Galaxy Academy include current LA Galaxy players Gyasi Zardes , Jose Villarreal , Raul Mendiola , Oscar Sorto and Bradford Jamieson IV , though none received the academic instruction of the Blended Learning Environment . For more information on the LA Galaxy Academy and its Blended Learning Environment , please visit www.lagalaxy.com/academy .
CHATTANOOGA , Tenn./DETROIT ( Reuters ) - The United Auto Workers , surprising even its supporters , on Monday abruptly withdrew its legal challenge to a union organizing vote that it lost at a Volkswagen AG plant in Chattanooga , Tennessee in February .
A general view of the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga , Tennessee February 14 , 2014 . REUTERS/Christopher Aluka Berry
Just an hour before the start of a National Labor Relations Board hearing on the challenge , the union dropped its case , casting a cloud over its long and still unsuccessful push to organize foreign-owned auto plants in the U.S. South .
VW workers due to testify at the hearing were already at the courthouse in downtown Chattanooga when they heard the news , which left lawyers in the hearing room wondering how to proceed .
The union did not explain why it waited until the 11th hour to drop the case , but UAW official Gary Casteel said the decision not to go ahead was made last week .
That was when Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam , U.S . Senator Bob Corker from Tennessee , and Washington small government activist Grover Norquist said they would ignore subpoenas to attend the hearing , which was to have focused partly on their conduct in the days leading up to the plant workers vote .
“ It became obvious to us that they were going to become objectionists and not allow the process to go forward in a transparent way . When that happens , these things can drag on for years , ” Casteel said in an interview .
UAW President Bob King , whose term expires in June , had vowed four years ago to successfully bring the union into a foreign-owned Southern plant . Three years ago , they said that if the union was unable to do so , its future was in jeopardy .
“ The UAW is ready to put February 's tainted election in the rearview mirror and instead focus on advocating for new jobs and economic investment in Chattanooga , ” King said in a statement on Monday .
MISSISSIPPI AND ALABAMA NEXT ?
Labor experts said the union 's move would allow it to devote more energy to trying to win representation at other Southern plants : the Nissan Motor Co plant near Jackson , Mississippi where the UAW has sought worker support for more than two years ; or the Daimler AG Mercedes-Benz plant near Tuscaloosa , Alabama .
The UAW could also now work for a new election in Chattanooga . But they will have to wait at least until 2015 . NLRB rules prohibit the same group of workers from voting again in the 12 months following a valid election .
“ It 's a significant setback for the UAW , ” said Dennis Cuneo , a pro-management attorney with long auto industry experience . “ Losing the election , then pursuing an appeal only to withdraw it at the last minute . It has to be seen as a huge setback . ”
Casteel said the UAW was still committed to representing workers at Chattanooga . “ This should not be construed as any type of surrender . It 's just another page in the journey . ”
Some 15 to 20 pro-UAW workers handed out leaflets explaining the union 's move during both shifts , said worker Devin Gore , 25 . For some workers , the leaflet they received when leaving the plant was the first they had heard about the UAW 's withdrawal .
The leaflet included the line , “ The UAW is here to stay . ”
After decades of declining membership and no success in recruiting workers at foreign-owned auto assembly plants in the U.S. South , the Volkswagen plant last year seemed to be the best chance for the UAW .
VW officials agreed not to fight the UAW and allowed the union direct access to workers at the plant during work hours , which the union hoped would increase its chances of victory .
But in the February 12-14 election , workers voted 712-626 against allowing the UAW to represent them .
The UAW asked the NLRB to invalidate the vote and hold a new one , alleging that workers were improperly influenced by anti-union statements made by Tennessee Republican politicians and outside interest groups in the days leading up to the election .
The election results were certified on Monday after the UAW objection was withdrawn .
Volkswagen officials at the automaker 's German headquarters want Chattanooga workers to be represented by a works council that would include both blue- and white-collar employees . But most legal and labor experts say that to do so in accordance with U.S. labor law , an American union would have to represent workers on issues of wages and benefits .
“ We welcome the decision by the UAW , ” Volkswagen said in a statement . “ It provides an important gesture for a constructive dialogue in Chattanooga . ”
In their statement , the UAW 's King said , “ The unprecedented political interference by Gov . Haslam , Sen. Corker and others was a distraction for Volkswagen employees and a detour from achieving Tennessee 's economic priorities . ”
During the election campaign , Haslam and other Tennessee politicians threatened to cut off financial incentives for Volkswagen to expand the plant if the UAW succeeded in organizing the workers there .
Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers broke their collarbone in last Sunday 's loss to the Minnesota Vikings , an injury that will not only require surgery , but will likely keep Rodgers out for the rest of the season .
It is n't the first time Rodgers has broken their collarbone against an NFC North opponent . Back in Week 9 of the 2013 season , Rodgers sustained a similar injury against the Chicago Bears , but unlike this time , they did n't require surgery .
That meant the door was left open for Rodgers to return in the final week that year against the very Bears who sidelined them for the majority of the second half of the season .
The game ended up providing one of the most memorable moments in Rodgers 's illustrious career when the quarterback nailed wide receiver Randall Cobb for a 48-yard touchdown with less than a minute left to stun the Bears , 33-28 .
Take a look at the play below .
Related Julian Edelman offers advice to Gordon Hayward after Hayward dislocates ankle
I 'm sure it 's painful for Packers fans to watch this play , knowing that their franchise guy wo n't be coming back to help them anytime soon . It 's up to Brett Hundley now to provide some big-time plays .
Related 5 best games on NFL Week 7 schedule
A U.S. judge is asking the Vatican to co-operate in serving the Pope and two other top officials with court papers that stem from decades-old allegations of sexual abuse by a priest in Wisconsin .
The request is an incremental — and long shot — step in a lawsuit that accuses the officials of conspiring to keep the allegations against a Milwaukee priest quiet . The Vatican is not obliged to comply with the request .
Under similar circumstances , the Vatican has made service difficult , time consuming and expensive by insisting , for example , that documentation be translated into Latin , one of the Vatican 's official languages .
Mike Finnegan , lawyer for the Chicago-based plaintiff , said Friday he 's not holding out hope that the Vatican reverses course and begins to co-operate now .
`` Based on what they 've done in other cases , I do n't expect them to do the right thing , '' they said . `` I expect more delay and obstruction . ''
A message left Friday with the Vatican 's U.S.-based lawyer , Jeffrey Lena , was not immediately returned .
The lawsuit , filed in April in U.S. Federal Court , names as defendants Joseph Ratzinger , who is now Pope Benedict XVI ; Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican secretary of state ; and their predecessor , Cardinal Angelo Sodano .
It claims the three men knew about allegations of sexual abuse at a Milwaukee-area school for the deaf and called off internal punishment of the accused priest . Rev . Lawrence Murphy , who died in 1998 , was accused of sexually abusing some 200 boys at the school from 1950 to 1974 .
'Publicity stunt '
Lena has called the lawsuit a publicity stunt with no merit , and said it rehashes theories already rejected by U.S. courts .
The court order requesting the Vatican 's co-operation was signed Sept. 24 by U.S. District Judge Rudolph Randa . It was released Friday by the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , or SNAP .
`` The court requests the assistance described herein as necessary in the interests of justice , '' Randa wrote .
Plaintiffs in two other U.S. cases have also sued the Vatican under similar arguments . The three plaintiffs in the Kentucky case dismissed their case last month , and a case in Oregon is ongoing .
SNAP spokesperson Arthur Budzinski called the Wisconsin court order a `` hopeful sign . ''
They said they hoped it would lead to the Pope testifying directly under oath about what they knew about Murphy 's actions when , as then Cardinal Ratzinger , they headed a powerful office that oversees the discipline of priests .
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
In a Sunday press release calling on wealthy individuals and corporations to pay their share , Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont offered a list of what they call “ some of the 10 worst corporate income tax avoiders . ”
Sanders , you 'll recall , made headlines for their epic 8.5-hour speech/filibuster this past December , dealing with how Obama 's pending tax-cut deal with the GOP would be bad for America . The speech—published this month as a paperback simply titled The Speech—was in vain : Congress passed the deal , extending tax breaks not merely to the poor and middle-class , but to America 's richest people .
It also slashed the estate tax from 55 percent to 35 percent and exempted the first $ 5 million of an estate 's value ( $ 10 million for a couple ) —up from $ 1 million pre-Bush . In their speech , Sanders warned against this change , noting , “ Let us be very clear : This tax applies only—only—to the top three-tenths of 1 percent of American families ; 99.7 percent of American families will not pay one nickel in an estate tax . This is not a tax on the rich , this is a tax on the very , very , very rich . ( Click here for our blockbuster charts showing just how rich the very , very , very rich actually are . )
If the estate tax—which Republicans have cleverly rebranded the “ death tax ” —were to be eliminated entirely ( another GOP goal ) , Sanders says it would cost US taxpayers $ 1 trillion over 10 years . “ Families such as the Walton family , of Walmart fame , would have received , just this one family , about a $ 30 billion tax break , ” they said in the speech .
As one of few voices in Congress calling seriously for balance between cuts and new revenues , Sanders wants to close corporate tax loopholes and get rid of tax breaks for Big Oil . He 's put forth a bill that would impose a 5.4 percent surtax on household income north of $ 1 million , and earmark that money for deficit reduction . They estimate it would bring in $ 50 billion a year , whereas Congress ' recent tax-cut deal will add around $ 700 billion to the deficit .
So , without further ado , here 's Bernie 's tax-avoiders list . In this case , one of their staffers informed me , “ refund ” means “ negative federal income tax liability. ” If you have any quibbles with their facts , let us know in the comments .
1 ) ExxonMobil made $ 19 billion in profits in 2009 . Exxon not only paid no federal income taxes , it actually received a $ 156 million rebate from the IRS , according to its SEC filings . [ Note : Our post last April reported that ExxonMobil was owed $ 46 million by the IRS . ]
2 ) Bank of America received a $ 1.9 billion tax refund from the IRS last year , although it made $ 4.4 billion in profits and received a bailout from the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department of nearly $ 1 trillion .
3 ) Over the past five years , while General Electric made $ 26 billion in profits in the United States , it received a $ 4.1 billion refund from the IRS .
4 ) Chevron received a $ 19 million refund from the IRS last year after it made $ 10 billion in profits in 2009 .
5 ) Boeing , which received a $ 30 billion contract from the Pentagon to build 179 airborne tankers , got a $ 124 million refund from the IRS last year .
6 ) Valero Energy , the 25th largest company in America with $ 68 billion in sales last year received a $ 157 million tax refund check from the IRS and , over the past three years , it received a $ 134 million tax break from the oil and gas manufacturing tax deduction .
7 ) Goldman Sachs in 2008 only paid 1.1 percent of its income in taxes even though it earned a profit of $ 2.3 billion and received an almost $ 800 billion from the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury Department .
8 ) Citigroup last year made more than $ 4 billion in profits but paid no federal income taxes . It received a $ 2.5 trillion bailout from the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury .
9 ) ConocoPhillips , the fifth largest oil company in the United States , made $ 16 billion in profits from 2007 through 2009 , but received $ 451 million in tax breaks through the oil and gas manufacturing deduction .
10 ) Over the past five years , Carnival Cruise Lines made more than $ 11 billion in profits , but its federal income tax rate during those years was just 1.1 percent .
ELTP Season 6.5 - Pre-season predictions
Conference B
LoweJ 's J Bomb : Double Lowe 7
O DaEvil1 ( 31 ) O Chuck_Finley ( 3 ) D Cosine180 ( 59 ) D ethce ( 1st pick ) Sub Fatal ( 0 )
After trying to be a captain for about 2 years , LoweJ has finally been made a non-playing captain . Their first pick of ethce was a great pick - possibly a tad underrated , they were arguably the best defender in ELTP last season in which they won both the league and play-offs . Alongside them is the up-and-coming Cosine . Massively hyped in the build up to this season , it 's hard to believe that this is Cosine 's first full season , especially when they already play at a near all-star level .
On offence , LoweJ managed to pick up DaEvil - returning to offence after a poor first season on defence , they will no doubt be able to bring the flag in time and time again with such a strong defence . Alongside them is Chuck_Finley , one of the top offenders in silver last season , Chuck has proven themselves at that level but is yet to receive any majors time - if after a week or two of them struggling to get out , expect Fatal - the American superstar - to fill in for him .
All in all , this team reminds me a lot of last season 's Boostin Dynamo . Their stellar defence more than makes up for what would otherwise be a very below average offence . Given the weak defences they 'll be up against in the regular season I think DaEvil and Chuck will be enough to bring their team to a first place finish within their conference , however unless either of them steps up considerably I could see them getting shut down by most of the defences they will come against in play-offs .
Offence : 5.5/10
Defence : 10/10
Overall : 8/10
Predicted : 1st in Conference
NewCompte 's Ballis St Germain
O TDD ( 65 ) O WishICared ( 4 ) D NewCompte ( C ) D Comakip ( 21 ) Sub Ballkenende ( 2 )
Known in previous seasons for their drafting ability , NewCompte has put together a eyebrow-raising team that does n't seem to have an obvious starting four . Despite somewhat jokingly suggesting for a few weeks now that they were going to draft Ballkenende as their defence partner , I suspect NC will look to play alongside Comakip . Though they have yet to receive majors minutes , Coma is a competent two-way player who will probably best serve their team playing alongside the much more experienced NewCompte .
Their offence , though headed by TheDonDaddy , is just as up in the air . TDD is undoubtedly one of TagPro 's most mechanically adept players and was probably quite undervalued in the draft , but their at times questionable decision making is unlikely going to be covered by either WishICared or Ballkenende .
I , like many people am not sure what to think of this team . Part of me thinks that with an elite player in both positions they 'll do fine , but with so much unproven talent in this team I could see them flopping . One thing 's for certain though - with NewCompte at the helm , they 'll get to the final and lose it .
Offence : 7.5/10
Defence : 8/10
Overall : 7.75/10
Predicted : 2nd in Conference
Unvrs ' Unny 's Bunnies
O fat ( 41 ) O Dor ( 31 ) D unvrs ( C ) D anom ( 7 ) Sub Jim Jimson ( 21 )
Following a few seasons out of ELTP , the ex-minors defensive player of the season returns and finds themselves captaining . Unvrs themselves plays on around 80 pings - this limitation has meant that they have developed a uniquely aggressive and initially frustrating to play against style of defending that can become quite predictable over time which seemingly relies on a lot of guesswork . Their biggest downfall is perhaps their questionable decision making and so all in all unvrs is usually best complemented by a passive , game-smart partner - however these are two things that anom is not . Initially nominated to see if anyone else would bid on him , the veteran pub player has limited league experience and throughout their time pubbing , they have developed a uniquely aggressive and initially frustrating to play against style of defending that can become quite predictable over time - sound familiar ? Of all the people unvrs could have picked to partner him , anom sticks out to me as being perhaps the least well suited . Their similar style of defending and comparatively weak decision-making mean they might end up making the same mistakes as each other . That said - their style of play will likely prove frustrating for anyone not used to it and may catch people out . Not only this , but the relatively poor offences throughout their conference might mean that their defence will just about do the job .
Over on offence , things look much more promising . Possibly the greatest defender of all time , fat has made the switch to offence for the mini-season . Going into the draft many of the captains feared that they might end up being overpriced , however given some of the other prices fat for 41 seems like a potentially great pick . The defensive-star is already known to be a brilliant flag-carrier , and so if their defence manage to keep the flag in base expect fat to rack up a lot of caps . Partnering them is last season 's Most Improved Player , Dor . Following their captain being banned last season Dor found themselves in their team 's starting IV , and played well above expectations , finishing the season with the 5th highest cap per minute . Though Dor falls a little short on offensive-D , fat has potentially the best O/D in Europe meaning this will likely be a solid pairing .
Offence : 8/10
Defence : 6/10
Overall : 7/10
Prediction : 3rd in Conference
Sisu 's The Ballsheviks
O Sheldon ( 35 ) O Laurens ( 10 ) D sisu ( C ) D GrammarJew ( 51 ) Sub Bdl ( 0 )
Predicted last in the community rankings , it might not be a surprise to see sisu 's team ranked last in their conference . A solid minors player for a few seasons now , sisu has yet to receive any majors minutes ahead of the mini-season , finding themselves in a similar position to Ruud and unvrs . Because of this , it was expected that sisu would spend big money on their defensive partner , however this is where the problems for their team begin . Whilst GrammarJew is a solid majors player , their communication and passive play-style mean that they perform best when partnered with a top-tier aggressive defender like fat or TheBigMac . Unfortunately for sisu , whilst they are certainly an aggressive defender , their lack of experience against Majors players means they may have difficulties easing into this role - sisu really needed either a top defensive partner to cover for their lack of experience or get someone like GrammarJew for cheap enough that they could get an offence that would make up for the subpar defence .
However I 'm not convinced sisu has managed to get an offence that does this . GrammarJew hoped they would go for less than 10 Eurolls after feeling they were an overpay last season , yet this mini-season they ended up costing their captain more than half their budget . With relatively little to spend on their offence , sisu made a smart pick with getting Sheldon . The Season 4 league winner crashed and burnt last season , however they have been playing closer ( albeit still a long way off ) to their old form recently - If Sheldon manages to maintain their rekindled interest in TagPro and keeps on practicing they could be a dark horse .
In contrast to them their partner , Laurens , has played much less TagPro since they were dropped from the starting IV of their Season 6 team ahead of the semi-final and final , and their sign-up comment reflects their lack of interest in the game . Though Laurens finally made the step up to majors last season , if they remain under practiced they will likely be much more sluggish than they were last season .
Perhaps the biggest weakness of sisu 's team is that whilst there are plenty of teams with similarly mediocre offences or defences , those teams at least make up for it by having top players in the other position . Unfortunately for sisu 's team , their star offender only got 5 caps in 120 minutes last season and their star defender has never needed to be the star defender on a team before .
Offence : 6/10
Defence : 5.25/10
Overall : 5.5/10
Prediction : 4th in Conference
Chicago public school teachers and their supporters picket in front of the Chicago Public Schools ( CPS ) headquarters on the second day of a teachers ' strike on September 11 , 2012 in Chicago , Illinois . ( Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images )
UPDATED 09/11/12 – 10:20 p.m .
CHICAGO ( CBS ) – The Chicago teachers ' strike will head into its third day on Wednesday , after the latest round of talks ended Tuesday night without a deal to bring teachers back to work , and the head of the Chicago Teachers Union describing their progress as “ glacial . ”
Talks between Chicago Public Schools officials and the union ended around 8 p.m. Tuesday , after negotiators spent all day trying to hammer out an agreement on a new teacher evaluation system .
After negotiations ended Tuesday night , Chicago Teachers Union Karen Lewis said progress toward a deal was “ glacial . ”
CBS 2 's Dana Kozlov reports it was clear even before talks officially ended for the day that no deal was likely on Tuesday , and perhaps not even on Wednesday .
“ We have been working hard on evaluations all day . There has not been as much movement as we would hope , ” Lewis said shortly before 6 p.m. Tuesday . “ There 's been – let 's put it this way , centimeters , and we 're still kilometers apart . ”
Lewis also said there has n't been enough movement towards that goal to make them think an agreement could be completed on Wednesday . They said the union has only signed off on six of 49 articles within the contract . However , Chicago Board of Education President David Vitale claimed Tuesday night that there was agreement on more than just six issues , but the union was not officially signing off on those matters to make it appear publicly as if the two sides are further apart .
After talks ended for the night , Vitale said the district has presented an updated proposal to the union , in an effort to address their concerns on the teacher evaluation system , as well as other issues .
“ I would not say that we came to agreement on the fundamentals of all of that , but there are proposals that they did give to us which are included in this comprehensive proposal , and there are changes in our own proposals that we 've made to them , ” Vitale said .
Vitale said the district has also asked for a written response to their contract proposals , or a comprehensive counter-proposal from the union .
“ When we receive a written response , or a written proposal , we will sit down and meet with them , ” Vitale said .
CTU Vice President Jesse Sharkey expressed disappointment at the district 's request .
“ We tried to move in the board 's direction today . At the end of the day , though , they basically dug in their heels , and told us if we did n't give them a comprehensive proposal , that we did n't have anything further to talk about , ” they said . “ So we kind of feel like they 've given us an ultimatum , in a sense . ”
Sharkey said the union would try to put together a counter-proposal for the district as requested , “ but we intend to continue working as hard as we can to get an agreement . ”
CTU officials said the two sides plan to meet Wednesday at 11 a.m .
Asked if teachers could be back at work by the end of the week , Sharkey said , “ We 're doing our best . ”
Earlier Tuesday , Vitale had predicted a deal could be reached by the end of the day .
But , at a downtown rally attended by thousands of teachers and their supporters , Lewis said it was “ lunacy ” to think a deal could be reached that soon .
LISTEN : WBBM Newsradio 's Steve Miller reports
https : //cbschicago.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/steve-miller1-lewis.mp3
The union has been resisting the district 's push to implement a new teacher evaluation system that was part of a state law passed in 2010 . Lewis called the evaluation system the district wants “ extremely , extremely untested . ”
Teachers do not want the evaluation system to rely heavily on students ' standardized test scores .
“ We want an evaluation system . The one we have is clearly not good , ” Lewis said . “ We want an evaluation system that gives us the opportunity to actually develop and grow as teachers . That is extraordinarily important to us . … But this system is not the one . ”
CTU teachers have been on strike since Monday , and have been negotiating with the Emanuel administration on a daily basis , with no deal in sight .
Tuesday afternoon , thousands of teachers and their supporters took to the streets downtown , demanding a fair contract . Some held posters that blamed President Barack Obama for the impasse .
“ President Obama We Are Under Attack , Was This Your Plan When You Sent Rahm Back ? ” the posters said .
Mayor Rahm Emanuel was Obama 's White House Chief of Staff before quitting to run for mayor .
LISTEN : WBBM Newsradio 's John Cody reports
https : //cbschicago.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/mp3_bc_-wav_carts_strike-1jc.mp3
Lewis briefly left contract talks to attend the rally outside CPS headquarters , and blasted CPS administrators for blaming teachers for the district 's failed education policies .
“ We did not start this fight , ” Lewis said to the cheering crowd as they stood on the back of a pickup truck parked on the street outside CPS Headquarters . “ The assault on public education started here . It needs to end here . ”
Before leaving the rally to go back to the negotiating table , Lewis told the crowd , “ I 'm going to go back to the silly part of my day . … Y'all continue to have fun . ”
That drew a rebuke from Vitale after contract talks ended for the night .
“ I think many of you who may have known me over time know that I 'm not a silly person , ” Vitale said . “ I spent the entire day here today . It was n't part of my day . ”
Vitale also took a shot at the teachers who marched through downtown , and to Buckingham Fountain in Grant Park , during Tuesday 's teachers ' rally .
“ They were told to keep going , and to have a party , and have fun ; have fun while 400,000 kids are out of school – that they should have been teaching , ” Vitale said . “ This is not the behavior of a group of people that are serious about the interests of our children . It is time for us to get serious . ”
CBS 2 's Mike Puccinelli reports , after the rally , the protesters then started marching through the Loop , winding their way along several different streets and — at one point — through Grant Park .
As the teachers marched downtown , Kara Boulahanis–a special education teacher at Matthew Gallistel Elementary Language Academy–said , ” I believe that our special education students deserve a fair shake in this contract , and they 're not getting one . My students are being tested more than 16 times a year , and that 's just not appropriate . So I 'm here standing with my brothers and sisters today to fight for my students . ”
Boulahanis said they are “ very scared ” about the strike , but feels they had to walk out to send a message to school administrators .
“ This is my job , my career , my life , and obviously I 'm worried about being able to pay my rent , but I believe in this strongly enough that I just ca n't be here , ” they said . “ We 're standing up for all teachers , everywhere . My mom 's a special education teacher . My aunt 's a special education teacher . All over the country , people are calling me and saying ‘ Thank you . Thank you for standing up for workers , for the people , and for the kids . ' ”
Another stumbling block in contract negotiations appears to be guidelines for recalling teachers who have been laid off . CPS has offered to enter them in pools where they could be chosen to fill open positions . Those pools depend somewhat on why those teachers were displaced . But Lewis said that issue was not discussed during Tuesday 's talks .
Meanwhile , the strike continues to leave parents frustrated .
“ The bottom line is when you look at the facts , what are they really fighting for ? Name three things they 're fighting for . They have n't clearly articulated that to the parents . We 're part of the stakeholders in this too , ” said Lee Earle , the father of twin boys who attend CPS schools . “ I spent $ 240 in child care the last two days . I 'm not happy about that , and I 'm sure most parents ca n't afford that . So if the teachers really care , show me how they 're taking care of my children . ”
Emanuel , who has had a rocky relationship with the CTU during their short tenure as mayor , said the picketing is an unnecessary “ strike of choice. ” They urged both sides to work out a deal and get teachers and kids back in classrooms .
CPS has opened 144 of its buildings during the strike for half-days so that students can occupy their time with activities and eat breakfast and lunch . Still , parents of Chicago school children have been left scrambling to find all-day supervision for their kids .
The teachers union and CPS have agreed on a number of issues , including salary and a longer school day .
2014 was a breakout year for podcasts .
Serial quickly became the most downloaded podcast of all time , and the podcast app became a native app on iPhones and other Apple devices for the first time in iOS 8 . The number of new podcasts is exploding , and I ca n't see it slowing down soon .
Podcasts are different from other media in two important ways .
They 're more personal
Podcasts are usually consumed alone , and there 's something about listening to a podcaster 's voice straight to your ear that creates a more direct connection from podcaster to listener than most other forms of media .
They do n't stop you from doing something else
Podcasts allow you to say yes to them without saying no to something else .
I listen to podcasts while driving , walking , cooking , exercising and any other solitary , fairly mindless activities . I find I look forward to driving when I know I can listen to a new podcast episode .
Why not use this otherwise wasted time to learn something new , have access to new ideas , new perspectives and world-class , successful people ?
I listen to a lot of podcasts . Alongside the highly-produced shows reminiscent of public radio , there are many interview-style shows , too . There 's a lot of really interesting people out there , things to learn , experiments to try and ideas to consider .
If you 're someone who ca n't find time to fit in reading , or does n't have the attention span to sit down and read a book , then podcasts are a great alternative .
I 've curated the top mind-expanding interviews from some of my favourite shows into the list below . I recommend you bookmark the post , dip into the ones that pique your interest most , and keep coming back to the list for more inspiration .
These 24 episodes are full of wisdom , mastery , and practical advice .
The Tim Ferriss Show
Tim Ferriss is renowned for deconstructing excellence , and their podcast is a goldmine of fantastic guests . There 's something to be learned from all 64 of the episodes released so far .
1 . Kevin Kelly – this is technically a three-part episode , and is one of my favourite interviews ever . Kevin and Tim discuss creativity , simplicity , purpose , writing , reading , the future , life projects , and so , so much more .
2 . Josh Waitzkin – the second episode of the show . Josh Waitzkin , author of The Art of Learning ( which I read recently and is fantastic ) , is a former US junior chess champion and world Tai Chi Push Hands champion . He 's also a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu . Now they spend their time coaching world-class performers in many fields and speaking about performance psychology . There 's so much in this episode , including what it takes to be the best vs great or just good , what makes the best tick , and understanding oneself to improve oneself .
3 . Maria Popova – Maria 's own blog , Brain Pickings , is one of my favourite places on the internet , where they have been writing for years on living a good and meaningful life . Them own words from their blog will give you an idea of what to expect from this episode , “ The core ethos behind Brain Pickings is that creativity is a combinatorial force : it 's our ability to tap into our mental pool of resources — knowledge , insight , information , inspiration , and all the fragments populating our minds — that we 've accumulated over the years just by being present and alive and awake to the world , and to combine them in extraordinary new ways . In order for us to truly create and contribute to the world , we have to be able to connect countless dots , to cross-pollinate ideas from a wealth of disciplines , to combine and recombine these pieces and build new ideas . ”
4 . Ryan Holiday – Ryan Holiday is only 27 , but he 's accomplished a lot . They dropped out of college at 19 to apprentice under Robert Greene , then became Director of Marketing at American Apparel at just 21 , and has also written three books . I highly recommend The Obstacle Is The Way in particular for an introduction to stoicism and how it can be applied for a better , happier life . Ryan and Tim talk about stoicism in the episode , as well as reading , productivity , decision-making and more .
5 . Ed Cooke – a wonderful , rambling , practical and philosophical two-part episode with Ed Cooke , CEO and co-founder of Memrise and a ‘ Memory Grandmaster ' , who I first encountered in Joshua Foer 's excellent book Moonwalking With Einstein .
6 . Sam Harris – Sam Harris is a neuroscientist , philosopher and author . In this episode , they discuss a wide range of topics , including meditation , spirituality and the potential therapeutic value of psychedelic drugs . Essentially , the episode is , “ a discussion of the human experience , and how to optimize it without harming others . ”
The James Altucher Show
James Altucher is kind of a hero of mine . He 's made money , lost money , struggled with depression , addiction and destructive thinking , and continued to pick themselves up every time . He 's had great successes , great failures , and lost everything more than once . He 's also a voracious reader , excellent interviewer , and brutally honest writer . Their earnestness and good-natured positivity shine through in this show and their daily show Ask Altucher with their wife Claudia .
7 . Nassim Nicholas Taleb – polarising author of many books , including The Black Swan : The Impact of the Highly Improbable and Antifragile : Things That Gain From Disorder , Nassim Taleb does n't give many interviews . An episode packed full of insight that will change the way you think about uncertainty , security , disorder , variability , and randomness .
8 . Dan Ariely – Dan Ariely researches and writes about behavioural economics , particularly about how we behave irrationally . In this episode they discuss the hidden factors that affect behaviour , how we can predict how we will behave irrationally , changing habits , and much more .
9 . Dan Harris – ABC News correspondent Dan Harris talks with James about stress , anxiety , happiness and self-improvement . They discuss Dan 's own stress and burnout , their rational , objective path to mindfulness and compassion , and their book 10 % Happier .
10 . Peter Thiel – Peter Thiel is an angel investor , the first external investor in Facebook , founder of PayPal , author of Zero to One and Silicon Valley royalty . If you want to truly make a dent in the world , this episode will change the scale of your thinking .
11 . Arianna Huffington – Arianna Huffington , Editor-in-Chief of the Huffington Post , talks with James about success , stress , sleep , multi-tasking , joy , and figuring out what really matters in life .
The Bryan Callen Show
Bryan Callen is an ( amazingly well-read ) actor and comedian who co-hosts a show with Hunter Maats , co-author of The Straight-A Conspiracy . They 're an excellent , insightful interviewing team with an eclectic range of interests and areas of expertise , and the show has an equally eclectic and interesting range of guests . There are plenty of great episodes , and I 've chosen five of the best below .
12 . Daniel Coyle and David Epstein – a hearty debate with the authors of The Talent Code and The Sports Gene about the interplay between nature and nurture in determining who we are . ( For bonus listening , they both originally appeared solo in earlier episodes – each definitely worth listening to – here and here )
13 . Katie O'Brien and Hunter Maats – the authors of The Straight-A Conspiracy discuss their book and the counterproductive myths in the current education system that sabotage and unnecessarily stress students . They discuss what they 've learned since writing the book .
14 . Joshua Foer – Joshua Foer is the author of Moonwalking with Einstein , and a somewhat unlikely US memory champion . In the episode , they discuss the events of the book , how technology is changing our relationship to knowledge , and how there 's nothing special about the brains of memory champions .
15 . Russell Foster – Professor Russell Foster is a sleep researcher ( he also gave a great TED talk on the subject ) who was jointly responsible for the discovery of light sensitive retinal ganglion cells in our eyes that have nothing to do with vision , but help our body regulate its circadian rhythm and sleep cycle . A great discussion on all things sleep .
16 . Carol Dweck – Carol Dweck is a Professor of Psychology at Stanford , most known for their work on mindset and motivation . In the episode , they speak with Bryan and Hunter about the importance of having a growth mindset instead of a fixed mindset when it comes to ability , and why praising effort is more effective than praising intelligence .
The Psychology Podcast
This is a fairly new podcast hosted by psychologist Scott Barry Kaufman . Kaufman is the director of the Imagination Institute , author of Ungifted : Intelligence Redefined , and a Scientific American columnist . As the name might suggest , most guests on the podcast are prominent psychology researchers and authors .
17 . Gabriele Oettingen – Gabriele Oettingen is a Professor of Psychology and author who researches how we think about the future , goal-setting , self-regulation and goal-realisation . They discuss the WOOP framework – a strategy for setting goals and changing habits – how daydreaming can be constructive , and more .
18 . Robert Greene – Robert Greene is the author of many books , including The 48 Laws of Power and Mastery . Scott and Robert speak about social intelligence , understanding the hidden power struggles that underlie many interactions , and the ‘ dark triad ' of personality : narcissism , Machiavellianism and psychopathy .
19 . Adam Grant – Surprise , surprise , another professor and author . Adam Grant discusses their research and their latest book , Give and Take : Why Helping Others Drives Our Success . They discuss introversion , friendship , dogmatism , why giving is important , and how you can tell whether you 're a giver , matcher , taker or faker .
20 . Todd Kashdan – Psychologist Todd Kashdan discusses how we can harness ‘ negative ' traits and emotions for happier , more successful lives . They also discuss living a good life , mindfulness , the importance of experimenting and exploring our full emotional range , and the value of preparing for the worst .
Brain Science Podcast
The Brain Science Podcast started in 2006 and is hosted by Dr Ginger Campbell , an emergency physician with a strong passion for neuroscience and the brain in general . Episodes are usually in-depth discussions with experts in neuroscience and psychology , and are intended for general listeners .
21 . Temple Grandin – Temple Grandin is a Professor of Animal Science , author , activist and consultant . She 's also autistic . In this episode , they discuss the autism spectrum , the wide range of outcomes and level of function , and many of the issues faced by people on the autism spectrum .
22 . John Ratey – John Ratey is a psychiatrist who researches the effect of exercise on the brain . They are the author of Spark : The Revolutionary New Science of Exercise and the Brain , and in the episode , they discuss how exercise can improve brain plasticity , mental health and curb age-related cognitive decline .
23 . Michael Merzenich – Professor Michael Merzenich is one of the pioneers of research into brain plasticity ( among many other contributions to neuroscience ) . In this episode , they discuss how we can use our knowledge of how the brain can change to improve our daily lives , and also by contrast , how bad choices can lead to cognitive decline .
The Joe Rogan Experience
Joe Rogan 's podcast has been running since 2009 , and has an archive of over 600 episodes . Their guests range from comedians to athletes to academics and almost everything in between , and there are plenty of excellent episodes and hundreds of hours to explore .
24 . Dr Rhonda Patrick – Dr Rhonda Patrick is a PhD in biomedical science and an expert on nutritional health . They also host their own podcast and website , Found My Fitness , where they have an excellent series of videos explaining/debunking various aspects of health and nutrition . They have appeared on Joe Rogan 's podcast three times ( first and second here ) , for almost 9 hours total of discussion about nutrition , the brain , supplementation , science vs pseudoscience , and much more . Very highly recommended .
Feel free to share some of your favourite mind-expanding podcast interviews in the comments below .
Tweet
Follow @ rohanmwilliams
Snow is cleared from the sidewalk on State Street as seen on Thursday , Feb. 9 , 2017 , in Albany , N.Y . The region might receive the first significant snowfall since February if a nor-easter brings blizzard conditions Tuesday , March 14 , 2017 . ( Will Waldron/Times Union ) less Snow is cleared from the sidewalk on State Street as seen on Thursday , Feb. 9 , 2017 , in Albany , N.Y . The region might receive the first significant snowfall since February if a nor-easter brings blizzard ... more Photo : Will Waldron Buy photo Photo : Will Waldron Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Clearing snow promptly a path to safe sidewalks , says Albany councilwoman 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
ALBANY - City residents may have to step up their game this winter when it comes to shoveling snow from sidewalks .
Albany Common Councilwoman Leah Golby recently introduced an ordinance that would remove an extra 24-hour window given to residents and business owners who have n't cleared sidewalks of snow .
“ My hope is that this prompts people to address things sooner , ” they said . “ It 's about mobility . It 's about making sure that people can safely get where they need to go . We are a walkable city with sidewalks . We should be a walkable city all year round , not just when the snow melts . ”
Local law currently dictates sidewalks must be cleared within 24 hours after snowfall has ended . If someone complains about a stretch of sidewalk not being shoveled , the city gives property owners another 24 hours to comply before citing them .
If sidewalks still have n't been cleared of snow , the city Department of General Services is authorized to clear the sidewalk , charging for the services , and fines can be issued . Fines start at $ 100 for the first offense , and increase to $ 200 and $ 300 for the second and third violations within a three-month span . The actual cost of the snow removal also is passed on to the property owner .
Each violation after the third within a six-month period is an additional $ 300 fine .
Prior to 2011 , the city rarely levied penalties – which was a fine of no more than $ 125 – and billed violators for the costs of snow removal . However , Golby successfully pushed legislation that increased the fines to what they are today .
They said their initial legislation included eliminating the additional 24-hour grace period , but that provision was n't included in ordinance the Common Council approved .
Golby said giving residents 24 hours after the snowfall has ended is plenty of time for snow removal and even generous compared to other communities across the state .
They said in Elmira , residents are required to shovel sidewalks within six to 12 hours of when snowfall begins and require residents to maintain the walkways throughout .
Although some may still be pining for warm , sunny summer days , Golby said they wanted to get the discussion started early so residents can be educated on the changes should the ordinance pass . It currently is before the council 's Law Committee .
“ Our sidewalks are still not safe 24 hours after a snowfall for people to walk , and we need to be sure that people of all abilities , even if they 're not driving , can get where they need to go , ” they said .
In a move that could reverberate around Silicon Valley , Google plans to hire more than 200 security guards as its own employees , rather than through an outside contractor .
The guards will be eligible for the same benefits as other Googlers , including health insurance , retirement benefits , on-site medical services , leave for new parents and more .
The move comes amid rising concerns about income disparities in the San Francisco Bay Area . A think tank with ties to organized labor issued a report in August highlighting the differences in pay , benefits and working conditions between tech-company employees and service workers such as security guards , janitors and landscapers who primarily work for outside contractors .
Google 's moves on social issues can be influential . Several other Silicon Valley heavyweights , including Facebook and Apple , released details on the gender and racial composition of their workforces after Google did so in June .
A Bangladeshi man out for dinner at a Bronx restaurant was viciously beaten hours after the Boston Marathon bombing by thugs who called them “ a f–king Arab ” before pummeling them to the ground , sources said .
Abdullah Faruque , 30 — a native of the South Asian country who grew up in The Bronx — was at Applebee 's on Exterior Avenue in Melrose at about 11:30 p.m. Monday when they went outside for a smoke .
Three or four Hispanic males he 'd noticed drinking at the bar followed them and angrily got in their face , they recalled yesterday .
“ One of the guys asked if I was Arab . I just shook my head , said like , ‘ Yeah , whatever . ' I did n't even know that [ the ] Boston [ bombing ] happened because I had a busy day , ” Faruque said .
They turned to head back inside as one of the men snarled , “ Yeah , he 's a f–king Arab , ” and the gang pounced , punching them on the head and body , dislocating their left shoulder and leaving them semiconscious .
“ Before I could grab the door , they started swinging at me , ” the network engineer said of the 90-second beatdown . “ I 've been jumped before . If you ca n't win , you back up , you try to protect yourself . ”
The victim said they went home and turned on the TV , and only then learned about the bombing and put two and two together .
“ I saw the news , and then it hits me : That 's why I got jumped , ” they said .
The NYPD 's Hate Crimes Unit is investigating .
CAIRO — The educational system in Egypt is in a miserable state . In the World Economic Forum 's 2015-2016 Global Competitiveness Report , the country ranked 139th out of 140 countries in the “ quality of the education system ” index . The educational system has been criticized due to the rigidity of the curriculum , dependence on rote memorization instead of scientific research , classroom overcrowding , a lack of laboratories and a lack of competent faculty and staff . There is , however , some hope on the horizon for a better future for Egypt and Egyptians , namely STEM ( science , technology , engineering and mathematics ) schools .
These schools take in the country 's highest scoring students on the middle-school final exams after they also pass several admission tests . The curriculum is based on scientific research and requires students to complete one scientific project per semester . While Ministry of Education officials hope that these students would be Egypt 's future scientists , this project is colliding with the fact that no Egyptian university is at a high enough level for these students to attend after they graduate from the STEM schools .
Egyptian Minister of Education Al-Hilali Al-Sherbini told Al-Monitor , `` So far we have established nine schools of this kind . The cost per school is 100 million Egyptian pounds ( $ 11.3 million ) , even though each entering class has only about 150 students and each classroom has 25 students . This high cost is due to the sophisticated workshops , student housing and athletic fields . The ministry plans to have one such school in every province by 2018 . ”
Hilali explained that each of these schools is equipped with 12 sophisticated workshops , including workshops for electronics , chemistry , communications , biology , robotics and manufacturing . Regarding the tuition fees , Hilali said , `` Students pay the schools a very small amount of about 3,000 pounds , including 2,000 pounds as a deposit for a laptop computer and only 1,000 pounds for tuition and housing for three years . Each student costs the Ministry of Education 30,000-40,000 pounds [ $ 3,400- $ 4,500 ] a year . ”
Hilali stressed that students who are admitted to these schools must have a grade of 98 % for the middle-school certificate , must reach the final stage in two of three subjects — namely mathematics , science and English — and are subject to a number of intelligence and psychological tests as well as math and science tests to determine their academic ability .
The deputy head of the general secondary exams Mohammad Saad told Al-Monitor that the exam and assessment system in these schools is completely different from that of the public schools , whereby 60 % of the grade is based on completing a scientific project that the student presents each semester , 30 % on the course grades and 10 % on discipline inside the school . Also , the curriculum is quite different from the general secondary curriculum .
Saad said that the ministry is responsible for helping these students come up with innovative ideas , and then others will care for them after graduation . Due to the ministry 's role in caring for these students and providing them with better opportunities , cooperation procedures were established with the Military Technical Academy , the Marine Academy of Science and Technology and the Egypt-Japan University to supply these universities with students once they graduate .
Saad stressed that students from these schools later enroll in top faculties , i.e. , medicine , dentistry , veterinary medicine , pharmacy , computing and information engineering , and science .
The head of the public education sector , Dr. Reza Hejazi , told Al-Monitor that the teachers in these schools are selected from the highest educational and scientific levels through extensive tests in the subjects they teach . “ They are also required to have computer and [ foreign ] language skills . Afterward , they are given courses by experts because these teachers are dealing with Egypt 's best students and must be better than the students they are teaching . Also , the student contributes to the educational process , and the teacher plays the role of a mentor . These schools do not use traditional educational methods . The teacher sets the topics and asks the students to go read the references . The student and teacher then discuss what was learned . ”
Hejazi noted that these schools provide the students with all their scientific , educational , recreational and health needs . Their diets are set by specialists , and student housing is available .
While these schools provide students with many opportunities , challenges remain . The head of the Egypt School Students Union , Samir Abdul Aziz , told Al-Monitor that the problem facing students in such schools is after they graduate . “ After having become accustomed to advanced learning systems , they must join Egyptian universities that still use traditional education methods that would kill creativity in these students and thus squander the millions of pounds spent on educating them . Thus , many gifted students are opting to go to foreign universities , and not benefiting their country . ”
These schools are “ thinking outside the box ” to prepare a generation of scientists who would work to move Egypt out of its current state in all areas of life , but this requires that the Ministry of Higher Education complete what the Ministry of Education started and provide high-quality post-secondary education to these students .
Support for stalls varied across the demographic categories . Before the provision of additional information , univariable analysis showed that U.S. residents were more supportive of stalls than were Canadians ( P < 0.03 ) and participants with less education were more supportive of stalls ( P < 0.02 ) . In the multivariable analysis only education was significant ( P < 0.04 ) . After the provision of information , univariable analysis showed similar effects of participant residency ( P < 0.03 ) and education ( P < 0.03 ) , and also showed that males were more supportive of stalls than were females ( P < 0.01 ) ; the multivariable analysis also showed effects of gender ( P < 0.04 ) and education ( P < 0.05 ) .
The decline in support after additional information was also consistent across most demographic categories , specifically across both males and females , both U.S. and Canadian residents , and for all three levels of education ( Table 2 ) . Support also declined after the provision of information for the younger participants ( 19 to 29 and 30 to 39 ) ; there was no decline for the older participants , but support for stalls was already low for these individuals .
Results are shown in relation to participant demographics . The participants shown here were recruited via Mechanical-Turk and provided demographic information ( n = 133 ) . Participants responded to the question “ Do you believe that pregnant sows should be housed in gestation stalls or in groups ? ” .
One strength of our methodology was the use of independent groups . Each of the groups was exposed to a different set of participant comments , allowing us to assess the generality of our results . In each of 8 replicate groups recruited using Mechanical Turk , most participants did not support gestation stalls before the provision of the additional information ( support ranged from 0.0 to 44.5 % support for stalls ; moderate and strong support combined , see Table 2 ) . After the provision of information , support declined in five of the groups , stayed the same in two groups and increased ( by one participant ) in one group .
Respondents were able to consider as many different sources of additional information as they desired . The majority of respondents reported having looked at images or videos of either gestation stalls or group housing for pregnant sows ( 121/135 ) . Thirty-two percent said they looked at one or both scientific papers ; the same number also reported reading the frequently-asked-questions page .
Responses were provided before the provision of additional information and after participants had the opportunity to view images , videos , scientific review papers , and a frequently-asked-questions page . Each cell shows the number of participants ( out of a total of 135 respondents recruited via Mechanical Turk ) adopting each pair of responses . The number in parentheses in the left-hand column shows the before totals and the number in parentheses in the column headings shows the totals after respondents had viewed the additional information .
Fig 1 . Responses to the question “ Do you believe that pregnant sows should be housed in gestation stalls or in groups ? ”
Considering only the Mechanical-Turk participants ( Fig 1 ) , prior to the provision of additional information , 55.6 % supported group housing ( moderate and strong support ) , 30.4 % supported gestation stalls ( moderate and strong support ) , 3.7 % of respondents were neutral , and 10.4 % did not support either system . Contrary to our prediction , the provision of additional information generally reduced support for the use of gestation stalls ( Fig 1 ; P < 0.001 ) . In particular , more people strongly supported group housing after accessing information ( 84/135 ) than before ( 55/135 ) . Of the 88 participants who maintained their position after the provision of additional information , most ( 53 ) were the strong supporters of group housing .
Qualitative analysis
The comments provided by participants provided insights into why they changed their response after viewing the information . Below we describe these comments in relation to the participant 's original response .
The majority of participants who were moderate in their support of either system , or who were neutral on the issue , changed after accessing sources . The following comment is from one participant who was initially a moderate supporter of group housing and who became a strong supporter of groups : “ …after seeing photos of the stalls…I believe they should be housed in groups because it 's the best of two bad choices. ” ( 8 ; [ 0.7 ] )
A moderate supporter of gestation stalls initially justified stall housing with this comment : “ It seems that this method has been working since the 1950s , and I believe it is important to avoid the spread of diseases above all , especially if the pigs are used for meat. ” ( 4 ; [ 3.25 ] ) After accessing addition information the same respondent wrote : “ I did not realize that the stalls were so small . Knowing the size of the stalls , I think it is completely unfair and unreasonable to leave a pregnant pig unable to move for part or all of the pregnancy. ” [ 10.5 ]
Two participants who strongly supported groups before accessing additional information became moderate supporters of gestation stalls . One of these participants remarked that , “ The sight of the wounds caused due to grouping makes me change my reason. ” ( 6 ; [ 1 ] ) One participant who strongly supported gestation stalls before the provision of information became more moderate in their support of gestation stalls , and another switched to moderate support for group housing . The latter of these two participants described their reason for switching : “ I thought that the gestation stalls would be cleaner and have more room but they were tiny and they said the sows stayed in there for the duration of their lives , so it 's probably better for them to be housed in groups. ” ( 8 ; [ 1.2 ] )
Nine of the comments relating to change were made by respondents who did not actually change their decision . Of these , 7 were from strong supporters of group housing , 1 from an individual who did not support either system , and 1 from a moderate supporter of stalls . These participants claimed that the information either had no effect or that it intensified their position . For example , one strong supporter of group housing commented : “ Viewing the images of sows in gestation stalls renewed and strengthened my opposition to them. ” ( 2 ; [ 1 ] )
The comments provided by participants also provided insights into their reasons for supporting different methods of sow housing . Many of the comments focused on one or more of three types of concerns : physical health ( e.g. , disease and injury ) , the ability to live in a “ natural ” manner ( e.g. , ability to perform natural behaviors and live in environments with natural elements ) , and affective states ( e.g. , pleasure and pain ) ( Table 3 ) . We describe the themes raised by participants that supported gestation stalls , and then describe themes raised by supporters of group housing .
Below we describe each theme and the number of comments within decision category ( e.g. , strong or moderate support of either system ) that referenced these . Moderate and strong supporters of stalls tended to highlight concern for physical health , including spread of disease ( 7/19 comments ) , the importance of individual monitoring of sows ( 5 comments ) , and issues associated with injuries and aggression ( 11 comments ) . For example , one strong supporter of gestation stalls said :
“ I grew up on a farm where we originally had sows housed in groups and they were very aggressive toward each other . We later changed to gestation stalls and both the sows and their offspring were in better health and were less stressed than they had been in groups. ” ( 8 ; [ 1.5 ] )
Concern for the animals ' safety and ease of labor were voiced by a moderate supporter of gestation stalls : “ I think the lowering of aggression , and the fact that the workers can individually monitor [ the sows ] sounds nice. ” ( 7 ; [ 9 ] )
Moderate supporters of stalls tended to prioritize protection from injury or disease , although one moderate stall supporter acknowledged that there may be a need to provide for social interaction :
“ They are being raised for food , which means that curbing disease and injury is in the best interest of those involved ; however , if they are to be bred repeatedly , it raises the question of what manner of social structure pigs form naturally . If it was beneficial for them to be kept in a group of other animals…it should be considered. ” ( 3 ; [ 4 ] )
Some gestation stall supporters described the need for the management of animals and their environments . A moderate supporter of stalls suggested that domestication may have reduced how much sows benefit from social interactions :
“ They [ sows ] evolved to live in social packs out in the wild [ but ] have been bred …away from that , and their lives are nowhere close to what they are in the wild . Having them congregate while pregnant at the cost of injuries and disease is a token gesture that does nothing to actually help the pig and does much to hurt the farmers. ” ( 6 ; [ 1 ] )
Concern for the affective states of sows was mentioned in just two comments from stall supporters . For example , one moderate supporter of gestation stalls said that stalls were , “ ok only if…the sow does not show any signs of pain. ” ( 9 ; [ 3 ] )
Supporters of group housing ( moderate and strong support ) favored the ability of pigs to interact socially , even if this occasionally resulted in some competitive or aggressive behavior . Thus when these participants mentioned aggression ( 14/58 comments ) they mainly focused on how management of groups could prevent the problem . These comments focused on stocking density , group composition , and approaches to feeding that reduce aggression . For example , one respondent who strongly supported groups suggested :
“ The only reason sows are aggressive in group housing is because the [ sows ] …are crowded in small enclosures where they feel the need to be territorial . I 've raised pigs and as long as they have adequate space and things to do ( root , nest , etc . ) they are very rarely aggressive enough to cause injury. ” ( 5 ; [ 5 ] )
Another questioned the assertion by some supporters of gestation stalls that group housing puts animals at risk for aggressive interactions :
“ …Why does group housing risk aggressive behavior ? Perhaps the group housing situations are too constrictive ? Or could it be that pregnant sows need ‘ areas of refuge ' ? Maybe we should look at what group housing looks [ like ] instead of assuming that gestation [ stalls ] are the only alternative. ” ( 2 ; [ 1 ] )
Moderate and strong supporters of groups often commented on the benefits of social interaction ( 28/58 comments ) , space for greater movement ( 13 comments ) , expression of natural behavior ( 14 comments—including 5 comments on rooting and nesting behaviors ) . For example , one respondent commented :
“ Pigs are social animals and I think they should have the opportunity to engage in social interactions with other pigs or decide [ when ] they want to be alone . As well , pigs need an area to walk about and have the opportunity to perform behaviors they are motivated to do. ” ( 1 ; [ 6.6 ] )
Five comments focused on the idea of natural environments and the pigs ' ‘ nature ' , with the majority of comments reflecting the belief that a good life for animals could be achieved by minimizing human interference or emulating nature . Moderate and strong supporters of groups used language that expressed a desire to see sows “ live naturally ” and referred to living conditions of wild pigs to support their assertion that sows ' adaptive behaviors are thwarted in certain captive settings . One strong supporter of group housing situated the issue of behavioral deprivation in the context of evolution :
“ Ethological studies have proven again and again that removing animals from their natural conditions causes stress . Pigs have evolved for thousands of years to be herd animals…To confine a sow , apart from the direct , physiological cruelty inherent in such a situation is [ to force ] them into a situation which goes against all of their natural instincts ( namely to root and forage with a herd ) . ” ( 2 ; [ 7 ] )
The comment above , while focused on living naturally , also references concern for sows ' mental and emotional states . Nine other comments referred to the sows ' capacity to feel stress , pain , and happiness .
Taipei , Oct. 20 ( CNA ) An Indonesian caregiver who recorded a video of them being abused by their employer has been put in a migrant worker shelter , police said Tuesday .
Police said 26-year-old Siti Inayatus Solekah arrived in Taiwan three months ago to take care of a 75-year-old woman surnamed Mao ( 毛 ) , who needs dialysis year round .
As Siti could not speak Mandarin , they had great difficulty communicating with my employer .
Lai Chien-chih ( 賴建智 ) , head of the Tanze police precinct in Fengyuan , said Mao often slapped Siti on the face or pinched their cheeks because they were angry that Siti could not follow their instructions due to the language barrier .
Siti said they were physically abused two to three times per week and decided to take action by setting up their mobile phone on the kitchen counter , taking a video of them being hit and sending it to their sister , who is working in Hong Kong , on Oct. 18 .
Siti 's sister then posted the video on the Facebook page of the Serve the People Association ( 桃園群眾協會 ) in Taoyuan the following day .
The association then alerted police , who found nothing wrong on their first visit of Mao 's home .
After the association provided the video to police , they visited Mao 's residence again and got the abused caretaker out .
In the video , Mao can be seen pulling Siti 's collar , police said . According to Mao , they wanted to teach the Indonesian caretaker a lesson because Siti often sneaked out of the house and was disobedient , but Mao insisted they only pinched Siti 's cheeks lightly .
Siti has decided to file an assault complaint against their employer , and the case has been handed over to prosecutors , police said .
Association members helped Siti move to a shelter in Taoyuan on Tuesday and will assist with the suit and settlement of wages .
( By Chao Li-yen , Bien Chin-fong and Lilian Wu )
Enditem/ls
請大家協助肉搜惡僱主！剛才在幾個印尼和菲律賓移工的社團裡，看到這段影片。片中的婦人質疑移工曾經未經告知外出，並在完全不聽她解釋、一口咬定她說謊的同時，甩她巴掌、甚至拿毛巾把他口鼻封住，狀似毆打和不讓她呼吸的方式讓她屈打成招；影片的最後，移工被婦人拖去一旁，影片也停止了，我們無從得知後來發生了什麼事。我已經向貼影片的人傳訊詢問影片來源，也在幾個社團留言，詢問是否知道影片中移工與僱主身份或任何資訊。這實在太誇張了。這位僱主不但虐待移工，並且已經明顯涉嫌觸犯刑法傷害甚至殺人未遂的罪嫌。請大家協助肉搜，揪出這個惡僱主，直接通報1955並報警，立刻通報1955與警方，立刻請警方介入，把移工帶出，把惡僱主繩之以法，並追究她的刑責，並且立刻把移工救出來，讓她不必再受到這個惡僱主的虐待！以貼影片的時間先後和社團判斷，似乎比較可能是一位印尼移工。如有任何訊息，請馬上跟我們聯絡！謝謝！ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -I saw this video from several groups of Indonesian and Filipino migrant workers on FaceBook . We can see fromm this video that an employer accused their caretaker leaving the house in a morning , they did n't accept the denial of the worker and accused them lying , then they slapped on the face of the worker and even used a towel to cover their mouth and nose hardly to choke them up . Clearly they were trying to force their worker to admit by physical violence . In the end of the video , the woman dragged the worker out , we do n't know what happened later . The worker might be an Indonesian , but I 'm not sure.This is outrageous . This employer already abused the worker and violated the criminal law they should be arrested immediatedly , and the worker should be taken out and protected . If you have any information of the worker or the employer , or have any information of it , please let us know . Let 's find out this abusive employer and let them be punished ! -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -Saya melihat video ini dari beberapa kelompok pekerja migran Indonesia dan Filipina di FaceBook . Kita bisa melihat fromm video ini bahwa majikan menuduh pengurus nya meninggalkan rumah di pagi hari , ia tidak menerima penolakan pekerja dan menuduh berbohong , maka dia menampar di wajah pekerja dan bahkan menggunakan handuk untuk menutupi mulut dan hidungnya hampir tersedak dia . Jelas dia berusaha untuk memaksa pekerja dia mengakui dengan kekerasan fisik . Pada akhir video , wanita itu diseret pekerja keluar , kita tidak tahu apa yang terjadi kemudian . Pekerja mungkin menjadi orang Indonesia , tapi aku tidak yakin.Ini keterlaluan . Majikan ini sudah disalahgunakan pekerja dan melanggar hukum pidana dia harus ditangkap immediatedly , dan pekerja harus dibawa keluar dan dilindungi.Jika Anda memiliki informasi dari pekerja atau majikan , atau memiliki informasi itu , silakan beritahu kami . Mari kita cari tahu majikan kasar ini dan membiarkan dia dihukum ! Posted by Lennon Ying-Dah Wong on 2015年10月19日
Bootleg Biology is an open source yeast ( and wild bugs ) project whose goal is to create the world 's most diverse library of microbes for the creation of fermented foods and beverages .
All microbes are sourced and isolated from “ bootleg ” sources such as : backyards , orchards , kombucha , yogurt , honey , fruit , bottle dregs , and whatever else we can get our hands on . Enthusiasts contribute their yeast or house cultures to the project , with the shared goal of enriching the Bootleg Biology community 's access to diverse microbes . Bootleg Biology is the first organization to pioneer the collection and cultivation of official yeast strains for U.S. cities and states as part of its Local Yeast Project , beginning with the original S. arlingtonesis .
Education of basic DIY techniques related to the science of fermentation , specifically the capturing and isolating of yeast is at the core of Bootleg Biology 's mission .
To further our mission and expand our library we created the Backyard Yeast Wrangling Tool Kit which includes everything the experimental homebrewer needs to capture wild bugs , create agar plates , and isolate wild yeast . You may also purchase one of their homebrew cultures online here : http : //bootlegbiology.com/product-category/cultures/
Story highlights Kinzinger said Wednesday they `` does n't see how '' they can endorse Trump
They said he 's contemplating writing in a candidate
Washington ( CNN ) Republican Rep. Adam Kinzinger said Wednesday that they do n't see how they can endorse their party 's nominee , Donald Trump , in the wake of the week 's events .
`` I 'm an American before I 'm a Republican , '' they told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on `` The Situation Room . '' `` I 'm saying for me personally , how can I support that ? Because he 's crossed so many red lines that a commander in chief or a candidate for commander in chief should never cross . ''
Kinzinger , who has openly hesitated to embrace Trump as their party 's standard-bearer , said they went to Cleveland hoping to `` at least mildly endorse the Republican front-runner . ''
But in the aftermath of Trump 's comments about Russian President Vladimir Putin and the parents of fallen Muslim American soldier Capt . Humayun Khan , the third-term Illinois member of congress said that they do n't `` see how I get there anymore . ''
`` I 'm a Republican because I believe that Republicanism is the best way to defend the United States of America , '' Kinzinger said , adding that Trump `` throws all of these Republican principles on their head . ''
Read More
Professor Margaret Graver is the keynote speaker at this year 's Stoicon conference in Toronto . We are all eagerly looking forward to their plenary address , titled “ The Dispassionate Life ” . Below is an interview about their longstanding interests in , and scholarship on , Stoicism .
How would you introduce yourself and your work to our readers ?
I 'm a professor at Dartmouth College , which gives me the privilege of teaching young adults how to read ancient texts accurately and attentively . Born in Louisiana , I now live year round in New Hampshire , where I love the mountains and the lakes in summer . Swimming with the loons , picking blueberries from your kayak . In winter I can at least say that I do n't mind shoveling snow .
As a scholar , I work in Hellenistic and Roman philosophy , with a particular interest in Stoic views on the nature and management of the emotions . I have three books out . Cicero on the Emotions : Tusculan Disputations 3 and 4 gives an annotated translation of a text by Cicero that is actually one of the best introductions to Stoicism that I know , particularly for anyone who has struggled with grief .
Stoicism and Emotion is a more comprehensive study that concentrates on the early period of Stoicism . In addition to the main emotion theory , it treats such related topics as freedom of the will and character development . Most recently , I have worked with A.A. Long on a complete translation of Seneca 's Letters on Ethics . The letters are a fascinating glimpse into Roman life as well as a wonderful topic-based exploration of Stoicism . I 've loved working on an accurate translation that would have a contemporary feel . Now , as I write this , I 'm at work on two other projects . One is a broad-based study of Seneca 's philosophy of values , the emotions , and literature , and the other is on Cicero 's relationship to Stoic ethics .
When and how did you first become interested in Stoicism ?
It was really Seneca that drew me in . I had been studying classical literature at Brown , and one day picked up a volume of the Letters , wanting to get back into Latin prose after doing an awful lot of Greek poetry . What caught my attention was the structure of that book , how Seneca makes it feel natural and right to read one letter a day , so that the book becomes a life companion as well as an educator . The fuller understanding of the Stoic system came later for me . Of course I have been much enriched by conversations with other scholars . While I was still in graduate school it was especially Martha Nussbaum and Victor Caston , then over the years Brad Inwood , Chris Gill , Tad Brennan , and Tony Long have all taught me a great deal , and these are only a few of many . Students , too , both my own students and those from other schools , and adult learners – they are always showing me new perspectives , so that I feel like I am rediscovering the subject every day .
What are the most important aspects of Stoicism to you ?
The rule of reason . Yes , there are other things in human nature besides our ability to reason , and those are important too . But this is fundamental . We do n't like being deceived ; we do n't wish to be mistaken . Epictetus : “ Try to believe that it is night. ” When the sun is shining in the window , you just ca n't do it—you ca n't make yourself accept views that contradict each other , just because you are fundamentally a rational creature . All of Stoicism comes down to this . Getting things right , discerning what is true from what only seems true , getting to a point where your actions and even your feelings are based on reality—this is just a better way for a human being to live .
The immediate extension of that is the Stoic way of thinking about values . The idea that things like playing fair , speaking the truth , facing up to challenges , being kind and gentle , really matter and matter in a completely different way from what you own , what people think of you , even how long you live—that is the very core of their ethics . And that much seems to me very straightforward and correct . What that actually looks like in any given situation is a lot harder , though .
In what ways do you think Stoicism still matters today ?
The toughest problems facing us today have to do with the fragmentation of the media , the ever more staggering inequalities of wealth and privilege , and hatred and mistreatment based on ethnicity . To some extent , any system of ethics should be able to suggest some ways forward . But there are some key elements of Stoicism that speak directly to these issues .
First and foremost , intellectual independence . Stoicism is all about thinking for yourself , using your own mind and not just passively accepting the views other people want you to hold . In ancient Stoicism there was no party line , no orthodoxy . Everyone respected and studied the views of Zeno and Chrysippus , and there were some points that were held in common . But there was also a lot of divergence—each author is working out their own version of Stoicism that makes sense to them , because that is what they have to do .
Next , values based on character and not on externals . All of us are constantly bombarded with the message that what matters is what you have , how you look , what jobs and degrees you hold , what influence you can wield . And people are judged accordingly . The ancient Stoics resisted those sorts of messages—they saw them as the prime cause of unhappiness . They spoke of the “ transmission of error , ” or just “ corruption , ” that gets to us already when we 're very young and trying hard to do what people expect of us . Not that it 's wrong to get your degree , earn your living , care for your family—that 's exactly what we should be doing most of the time . But those things in themselves are not where happiness lies , and they 're certainly not what defines a person . Remember when character was something most people looked for in a political leader ? We could go back there—and we could make the same demand of ourselves .
The other big one is what the Greeks called philanthropia , the attachment to the human . In Stoic thought all rational creatures are akin to one another by virtue of their rationality . That 's actually encoded in human nature : the way children bond to their caregivers , the naturalness of connecting to other people just because they 're near at hand . Of course our first and strongest ties are to our families and our immediate communities , and that is fine . But we can also learn to recognize a bond of shared humanity with those who are more distant , “ draw the circles inward , ” as Hierocles says . This business of othering , of in-grouping , of sending the refugees back where they came from—Stoicism is diametrically opposed to all of that .
What 's one of your favorite Stoic quotations and why ?
Do n't know if I can do just one . Here are three .
Have you no hands ? Wipe your own nose , then , and do n't blame God .
You just ca n't beat Epictetus ! Sit down and pray that your nose may not run ? No , you have hands . The point is that we have to take responsibility for our own emotional well-being—and we are equipped to do that , if we make the effort .
Do you ask what progress I have made ? I have begun to be a friend to myself .
I love the idea that moral progress involves becoming your own friend . Of course we still want to have other people to be our friends , that 's a given and is very important in Stoic thought . But it 's rare to find somebody who is such a true friend that they will tell you the things you really need to hear . Even if you 're lucky enough to have such a friend , it 's hard to spend enough time with that person . But you can learn to be that sort of friend to yourself , and then you will never be without a friend .
The other thing I really like about this quotation is that we even know about it . It 's by Hecaton of Rhodes , an important author in their time but we have hardly any of their work . We happen to have this bit because Seneca encountered it in their own reading , liked it , and quoted it in one of the Letters .
Real joy is a serious matter .
Seneca has many beautiful ways of speaking about the joy that comes with wisdom . In the 23rd letter , more than anywhere else , they bring out the fact that there are feelings that are more worth having than what our culture calls happiness or fun . Think of the change agent speaking the unpopular truth , the soldier laying their life on the line , the nurse who 's there for the dying patient . Do they sense the goodness that is there ? I think they do . Are they smiling and having a good time ? We do n't need that .
What advice would you give someone wanted to learn more about Stoicism ?
Get yourself a copy of the Letters on Ethics and read it a bit at a time . Not straight through necessarily—each letter takes up a different topic , so you can do very well working from the Table of Contents . Find the parts that really interest you , and let it spread from there . The beauty of Stoicism is that it 's quite systematic , so if you grasp some points and think hard about those , you begin to understand even some points you have n't yet studied .
Do you have anything else that you wanted to mention while we have the chance ?
Just a tip of the hat to Chris Gill , who first put the bug in my ear to do something on the 3rd and 4th Tusculan Disputations of Cicero . That text taught me so much about the emotions in Stoicism and has inspired most of what I 've done since .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
I watched Donald Trump 's speech in Mississippi a few days ago .
And I watched Hillary Clinton 's much anticipated AltRight speech in Reno yesterday .
It was hard to miss the striking difference in audience numbers . Trump had 10 000 people in the arena , and another 30 000 watching online . The comments section was a blur , mostly supportive with lots of walls being built and American flags . It was hard to see how many Clinton had in attendance , but it could n't have been more than a few hundred , and just over 6 000 more were watching . Clinton 's comments section was mostly mocking , abuse and derision . Them online audience was made up mostly of haters .
That does n't necessarily mean anything , but I did find this prediction rather interesting : the candidate with the strongest primary turnout tends to win the election . That 's overwhelmingly Trump . Their domination of social media has been noted by commentators , who seem perplexed as to how to interpret the data . We 're in uncharted territory , and it will be fascinating to see how this plays out . Other commentators have noted that the candidate who wins the first debate wins the election . I guess we 'll see .
Scott Adams has noted that Trump has responded to Hillary 's persuasion game by zeroing in on policy and ideas , the precise formula that failed for Hilary . In essence , they have switched campaigns .
Correct me if I 'm wrong , but six months ago Donald Trump was nothing but a talking suit full of money and insults . Hillary Clinton , on the other hand , was an experienced politician full of policy substance . Then they switched places . The media tells us that today we will hear Clinton attack Trump with a lot of name-calling . They will also associate Trump with their fringe supporters , especially the racists . Clinton might mention something about policies , but none of that will make news . Now it 's all about the insults and the persuasion . Watch for lots of lip-quivering and dramatic acting around the idea of being disgusted by Trump 's ways . Disgusted ! Trump , meanwhile , is going through The Softening . He 's planning policy speeches on immigration , the economy , and more . Trump is modifying their more extreme policy ideas and becoming more presidential .
Adams goes on to say that Trump is going to have to find a way to counter Hillary 's ‘ racist ' card in order to win , but perhaps not . Perhaps Hillary has already countered their own argument on their behalf . For certain , a solid , gory , body parts flying everywhere terrorist attack will make Clinton 's ‘ racist ' card irrelevant , but I would like to posit today that Clinton has poked the hornet 's nest with their # AltRight speech and Donald does n't need to do anything other than stand aside and let them fall right into Pepe 's trap .
Today on Facebook , Heat Street journalist and self-proclaimed Milo 2.0 posted this : Alt-right means a racist , homophobic anti-Semitic movement led by a gay Zionist Jew known to enjoy the company of African gentlemen . This is an Allum Bokhari quote , and Bokhari is , of course , referring to Milo Yiannopoulos .
Milo and Allum have both done some really great work explaining exactly what the # AltRight is , and why it 's important , and the tl ; dr I want to offer is this : the # AltRight is the passion of young men . Sure , there are lots of women in the Altright , and many are just as passionate as the men , but the movement as a whole is born of the energy , rebelliousness and burning intensity of young males . It 's testosterone unleashed , but selectively .
Depends on whether you capture their interest .
# GrumpGranny is a lolcow who may just have succeeded in capturing that attention .
That does n't always go very well for the lolcow .
A lolcow is someone who gets involved in a flame war , but does n't appear to recognize that they are being antagonized for the sheer pleasures of ‘ milking ' outrage . # GrumpyGranny is highly exploitable , and they really has no idea how hard they are going to get milked by Team Pepe . Speaking at the ICMI16 in the UK , British journalist Martin Daubney noted that when you tell young men not to do something , they tend to respond by doing whatever you said not to do ten times harder than they would have otherwise . This is often true , but the new generation of cowed young men , raised by feminist teachers and single mothers in environments completely stripped of traditional masculine virtues have a second response : virtual reality . They drop out , into video games and other imaginary worlds .
Milo has written on this phenomenon when it comes to relationships , sex and reproduction , calling young men 's rejection a Sexodus . If you are n't offering fair terms , young men will simply decline . They 've been given another alternative to ‘ fight ' and many of them are taking that alternative , and fair enough . Why fight a losing battle ?
But what if the fighting proposition is n't a losing one ? Will young modern men engage in a battle they can reasonably stand to win ? Trump is offering them the opportunity to do exactly that – engage in the political process this year and the young rebels will suddenly have a cause and a clear path to victory .
Clinton seems to think linking the AltRight to Trump will be devastating , but she 's dead wrong , IMO . Them dedicated supporters will engage in confirmation bias , and see racism no matter what , and Trump 's supporters can look at Milo headlines , and understand the trolly joke . Neither group will budge an inch . It 's the independents and undecideds that are at stake here . I would guess that almost no one in America had a clear idea of what AltRight was before # GrumpyGranny decided to tear a strip off them , and now traffic to Milo and Allum 's article is exploding .
Because people are curious .
And even if they do n't know the vocabulary , they know a lolcow when they see one .
Every fight in human history comes down to the exact same element : young men . If you want to win , you must have their energy , intelligence , commitment , rebelliousness , anger and drive . If you do n't have those things , you lose . Women have been winning the culture wars lately because men are simply refusing to engage in the fight . Women win , because men are n't hitting back .
If # GrumpyGranny succeeds in rousing the blood of young men , she 's finished . I suspect they have no clue what she 's doing , and will spend the next week ( maybe more ) being milked by the meme teams and agent provocateurs of the # AltRight . They will give them all the ‘ ammunition ' they need to ‘ discredit ' them , with absolutely no idea that every meme is a Trojan Horse . If Donald can simply step aside and let their army of clever young men go to work , I guarantee you , Hillary will spread the memes and ideas of the # AltRight far and wide , and be their own undoing .
I found it hilarious that Hillary barked on and on about Nigel Farage and their ‘ fringe elements ” .
They won , idiot .
# Brexit won .
And so will Trump .
Lots of love ,
JB
New Zealand consumers may have been bamboozled by clothing companies ' `` misleading '' claims , a consumer watchdog says .
Kiwi companies selling bamboo clothing are updating their labelling after Consumer NZ raised concerns that labels may be misleading to customers .
A Consumer NZ investigation , published in the February edition of its magazine , found most clothing sold in shops labelled as being made of bamboo was actually made out of rayon , or viscose .
Rayon , or viscose , is a fibre made from plants and trees , including bamboo , through a chemical process . `` Companies that label clothing as 'made from bamboo ' are misleading customers . Most 'bamboo ' textiles are rayon and should be labelled as such , '' Consumer NZ said .
The report also raised concerns about clothing manufacturers that advertise their bamboo clothes as anti-bacterial . Last year , the United States Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) released a statement saying , `` Bamboo-based textiles , actually made of rayon , are not antimicrobial , made in an environmentally friendly manner , or biodegradable . ''
The FTC charged four US companies with deceptively labelling and advertising textile items as made of bamboo , when they were made of rayon . It also noted `` rayon does not retain any natural antimicrobial properties of the bamboo plant '' .
NZ Nature 's communications manager Wendy Riley said the company was reviewing how its bamboo products were labelled .
The company advertises its bamboo clothing range as anti- bacterial and eco-friendly .
The products were made through converting bamboo to viscose , Riley said .
Meredith Barry-Walsh , the co- owner of Baby clothes maker Green Bean , said it planned to have its products labelled as 95 per cent rayon from bamboo by March or April .
The clothes were labelled as 95 per cent bamboo , and 5 per cent spandex . They said they were following American clothes labelling guidelines as there were none in New Zealand .
Barry-Walsh said consumers would not see the clothes differently . `` Studies have shown once a garment has been made up from bamboo it holds its anti- bacterial properties , '' they said .
Head of design with Jockey underwear Nigel Eru said the company was updating its labels to reflect its clothes are manufactured using the viscose process .
Bamboo did not have any `` specific anti-bacterial properties '' but it was `` ecological friendly '' .
Commerce Commission spokesperson Felicity Connell said there was no specific legislation governing bamboo .
`` The New Zealand regulations are not as specific as fibre derived from bamboo cellulose must be labelled as 'rayon ' . ''
However , labelling of textile products must be accurate , they said . `` It can also be a breach of the Fair Trading Act to make a false representation or mislead about the fibre content of the goods . Only the courts can rule whether the Fair Trading Act has been breached and set appropriate penalties . ''
We covered the Newstweek , a wall-wart sized box that injects fake news stories over public WiFi connections last February , but now there 's a great walk through and it seems our doubts about this project were disproved .
The Newstweek uses ARP spoofing to change the text displayed on several news sites . After doing some field research , placing and configuring the device , there 's a simple web frontend that configures the man-in-the-middle hack . Right now , the Newstweek only allows few news sites to be targeted , but the team is working on allowing anyone to add their own targets .
Aside from the relatively simple build , we 're wondering about the social engineering aspects of the Newstweek . In our previous coverage of the Newstweek , we could n't decide if this was a social commentary art project , or a real device . It looks like it 's both now . Would hackaday readers succumb to injecting , “ President Bacon addressed the nation last night… ” or would you do the responsible thing and put the “ ( D ) s ” and “ ( R ) s ” in their proper places ?
The Newstweek team posted a video of a short demonstration , but check out the video after the break for the “ incredibly geeky and thorough demo . ”
I put my stovetop grates in the dishwasher from time to time , but over the years , they 've built up a tough layer of baked-on crud from foods that boil over . So when I heard about the video above , I knew I wanted to try it . I simply put one of my cruddy stovetop grates in a sealable plastic bag filled with some household ammonia and let it sit overnight .
My before-and-after photos will show you that yes , this method does work well . It may not get grates to shine like new , but it certainly removes the burnt-on layers . But before you run off to try this , keep reading . There are some other things you need to know .
My stovetop grate before cleaning with ammonia . You can see layers of baked-on gunk and very little shine . ( Photo : Robin Shreeves )
My stovetop grate after cleaning with ammonia . Almost all of the baked-on gunk is gone , and it has a lot of its shine back . ( Photo : Robin Shreeves )
What you need to know about ammonia
The bottled ammonia sold at the grocery store is ammonium hydroxide , a mixture of the chemical ammonia combined with water . Ammonia is a naturally occurring gas that 's used in cleaning , fertilizers , plastics and rubber . It 's also controversially used in food as a way to kill harmful bacteria and prevent foodborne illness .
Although it 's natural , it can be harmful . It must be kept out of reach of children . It irritates the eyes and skin . If swallowed , it will burn the throat and can be poisonous . Even just the fumes can cause itchy eyes , coughing and breathing difficulties . Those with asthma should take special precautions around ammonia .
Household ammonia , strong as it may smell , is diluted . While it can cause irritation and illness , it will usually not cause death if ingested . If digested , do not induce vomiting ; instead , drink up to four ounces of water or milk , and immediately call a physician or poison control .
How to handle ammonia properly
There should always be proper ventilation when you use ammonia , particularly if you 're using it straight from the bottle as this method of cleaning stovetop grates calls for . Open window when you do this , and doing this task outside would be even better .
Gloves are a good idea if your skin is going to come in contact with household ammonia , you can use protective eyewear to keep your eyes from becoming irritated .
A few last words about this method
Make sure your zipper bag is closed tightly . I learned this the hard way . My bag had an actual zipper on it , and it did not form a seal when I slid it across . When I picked up the bag to flip it over , ammonia poured out all over me and onto my kitchen floor . That 's when I realized just how important proper ventilation is . I started to cough and wheeze and had to run outside for a moment . When I came back in , I opened the kitchen window . I put more ammonia in the bag , closed it with chip clips , and set it in the sink to soak overnight .
When the zipper on my bag would n't form a seal , I improvised . I folded over the top of the bag and used chip clips to keep it closed . ( Photo : Robin Shreeves )
Reading comments from others who have tried this method , I noticed several suggestions for using ammonia to clean larger grates from grills . People suggested using a trash bag or a large tub to soak the grates in . I 'm going to try this with the grate from my kettle grill . But one word of caution : Ammonia can damage aluminum , so do n't use an aluminum tub to clean your grates .
How to make stovetop grates shine like new
We test out an easy method of removing burnt-on gunk from stovetop grates using ammonia .
It 's a pretty dangerous 1-2 punch , a dynamic punt/kickoff return duo the Ottawa Redblacks hope can do some damage Friday night in Winnipeg .
Quincy McDuffie , a former Blue Bomber , returns to the Redblacks ' lineup , joining Diontae Spencer , fresh off being named one of the Shaw CFL Top Performers for Week 13 .
“ We 're going to use them both , ” said Redblacks coach Rick Campbell on Wednesday . “ I 'm for having as many big playmakers on the field as possible . We 're going to find a way to make sure they 're both on the roster . You 'll see them both returning . We want to get the ball in their hands — both of them — because we know they can make big plays . ”
Spencer ran 113 yards for a touchdown following a 54-yard missed Montreal field goal Sunday . Spencer , who has 640 yards and a touchdown on punt returns , 416 kickoff return yards and 231 yards on missed field goal runbacks , also has 51 catches for 572 yards .
McDuffie , who was signed at the beginning of August , played two games for the Redblacks before being sidelined . Their last game was Aug. 10 versus Edmonton . In their two games , they had five punt returns for 49 yards and six kickoff returns for 125 yards . A year ago in Winnipeg , McDuffie averaged a league-best 27.7 yards on kickoff returns . They had two touchdowns on those returns .
The Plague is bountiful . It has prepared for you all a gift , that will wait for you on Steam ... Soon Plague in us will receive a free , playable prologue , chapter 0 for the story ! Add Plague in us to your Wishlist and be first to play the prologue !
About This Game Take the evolution into your own hands .
Step into the amazing world of Sparkle – a surreal ocean , where life is thriving and conditions are perfect to make an evolutionary leap .
A beautiful visual experience . Control the fate of a single dreamlike organism through the course of it 's life . Explore the vast ocean in search of micro-elements that will help you evolve from a tiny speck of life into a magnificent Sparkle . You can choose whether your Sparkle will become a quick and relentless hunter , a peaceful plant-eater or a creature whose feature lie in between .
Every element you eat matters . Every element will influence how your sparkle grows , what their skills will look like , what their strengths and weaknesses will be . Spend the micro-elements in the genetic store to improve your Sparkle the way you want . Partake in quests essential to your Sparkle growth . Evolve special skills that will help you in your journey . Become the master of the evolution .
- Virtually unlimited number of gene manipulation to perform
- 12 dreamlike levels to explore
- multiple quests to complete
- special class powers to unlock
- fights with epic bosses
- mesmerizing ambient soundtrack
Soon after socialist councilmember Kshama Sawant ended the opening speaking portion of last night 's anti-Trump protest at Westlake , drawing deafening cheers with their call to “ occupy inauguration day , ” a small scuffle broke out on the edge of the crowd .
A man wearing a U.S.A. flag bandana and a shirt proclaiming “ One Nation Under GOD ” began to shout “ Respect God ! Respect Trump ! Respect Trump ! ” A woman , one of the many in the crowd with the Cascadian flag draped around their shoulders like a cape , jabbed their finger toward the man , their face twisted up in raw disbelief . “ Respect Trump ? ” they exclaimed . “ Respect a rapist ? Would you respect Trump if they had raped your mom ? ” [ Referencing Trump 's numerous rape and sexual assault allegations and “ grab them by the pussy ” recording . ]
“ You 're making my God look bad ! ” another woman in the crowd shouted at the man .
“ If there was a God , ” an older , weary looking man sighed , “ Trump would not be in office . ”
Maybe it was all the Cascadian flags dotting the thousands-strong throng—a symbol charged with new energy thanks to the West 's solid blue electoral wall—or maybe it was the overwhelming , once-stigmatized socialist sentiment and messaging on display that Sawant and Bernie Sanders have normalized—but Seattle could n't have felt any further from the United States last night . At one point , another woman wearing a Cascadian flag , holding a sign with the message “ We can secede , ” let out one of the most primal , guttural screams I have ever heard in my life , echoing through downtown for what seemed like a whole solid minute . The crowd responded with stunned applause . They knew the feeling .
But the most startling thing about last night 's peaceful Anti-Trump protest ( which , contrary to confusing initial news reports , was unrelated to the shootings downtown ) , was how truly intersectional it was . The crowd was unified not just in their disgust for Trump , but in their support for a huge range of issues emblazoned on the sea of signs and banners that flooded the streets . “ Not My President ” may have been the bedrock chant of the protest , but it was remarkable how fluidly and dynamically that chorus shifted throughout the night . “ Black Lives Matter ! ” “ Water is Life ! ” ” Them body , them choice ! ” “ Hey hey , ho ho , misogyny has got to go ! Hey Hey , ho ho , racism has got to go ! ” “ Immigrant Rights ! ” “ No Anti-Gay , No KKK , No Facist USA ! ” “ Pussy grabs back ! ” Each credo was given voice in turn by the crowd—one made up of people of color , white folks , LGBTQ folks , indigenous Americans , young people , old people , men and women—a voice that grew stronger as the cries of “ off the sidewalks into the streets ! ” drew bystanders in . None of the drivers stalled by the march seemed peeved—almost all honked in support , reaching their hands out for high fives or balled up fists of solidarity . A woman driving a Microsoft Connector bus filmed the procession through the window with their phone , smiling and nodding .
For many , the past two days have felt something akin to a waking nightmare , or the beginning of an ending . But the strength and vindication of Seattle 's community last night was a palpable , cathartic antidote to that despair—a reminder that , as many signs echoed , “ this is n't over. ” Take Ann , a woman in the crowd who was marching despite the fact that she 'd just had foot surgery . They wheeled themselves along , chanting with the crowd with their foot in a brace , one leg on a knee scooter , and a crutch under their right arm .
“ There was no hesitation about coming to this , ” they told me . “ I needed to be surrounded by like-minded people . The only day that 's been worse is the day my parents and brother died . I feel like everything I 've fought for my whole life has been taken away. ” Tears began falling down their face . “ The only thing giving me hope is these young people out here , marching . ”
If Seattle 's promises hold true , there are many more marches to come .
Words and photo by Kelton Sears , GIFs by Sofia Lee
`` [ The Foundation for Individual Rights ] is the recipient of donations from [ DeVos ] totaling about 25,000 bucks over four years . ''
President-elect Donald Trump 's pick to lead the Department of Education is facing questions about their connections to an organization that has lobbied for more rights for college students accused of sexual assault .
U.S. Sen. Bob Casey , a Pennsylvania Democrat who co-introduced the Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act of 2013 , Tuesday questioned Michigan billionaire and GOP donor Betsy DeVos about how to fight sexual violence on campus during a confirmation hearing in front of the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions .
Specifically , Casey said the Philadelphia-based Foundation for Individual Rights in Education supports a bill that `` would change the standard of evidence . '' They said the group is in favor of ditching the `` preponderance of the evidence '' standard most commonly used in Title IX investigations on college campuses and instead using the `` beyond a reasonable doubt '' standard used in criminal cases .
But Casey went further , saying just before they ran out of time : `` The organization that has that position which is contrary to the law , the current law , and contrary to the spirit of what we 're trying to do in that piece of legislation , is the recipient of donations from you totaling about $ 25,000 bucks over four years… I hope that 's not a conflict of interest . ''
DeVos did n't have time to respond , though a Trump transition team spokesperson said `` had they been given the opportunity to respond to the Senator 's question , they would have noted that previous donations made as a private citizen can not present a conflict of interest . '' Casey announced Wednesday they will vote against DeVos ' nomination . But we were curious : Did DeVos donate to a group that wants to dismantle current campus sexual assault practices as they described ? So we decided to check .
First , some background . Some studies suggest one in five women are sexually assaulted before they graduate college . PolitiFact has found that it 's difficult to determine the number of sexual assaults on college campuses because underreporting is so pervasive .
Casey 's bill that was passed in 2013 , commonly known as the Campus SaVE Act , was passed as part of the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act . It was an update to the 1990 Jeanne Clery Act , which requires any college or university that receives federal funding to annually disclose campus crime , including reported incidents of sexual violence .
The Campus SaVE Act does n't dictate what standard of evidence college campuses use to evaluate disciplinary action against a person accused of sexual assault . It only requires transparency and that schools disclose what standard of evidence they 're using .
In 2011 though , a `` Dear Colleague '' letter released by the Office of Civil Rights in the Department of Education urged universities to adopt a preponderance of the evidence standard in the commission of Title IX investigations . This standard , which is used in civil litigation , is lower than the `` beyond a reasonable doubt '' standard used in criminal trials and requires those evaluating the claims find that it 's simply more likely than not that a violation occurred .
For the most part , Democrats and women 's advocacy groups have lobbied in favor of asking colleges and universities to use the preponderance of the evidence standard during disciplinary proceedings and Title IX investigations . Other groups , including the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education , say that standard strips away a student 's right to due process . The group is sponsoring a lawsuit that challenges the legality of the `` Dear Colleague '' guidance .
FIRE , founded in 1999 , says its mission is to `` defend and sustain individual rights at America 's colleges and universities '' including `` freedom of speech , legal equality , due process , religious liberty , and sanctity of conscience . ''
During the hearing Tuesday , Casey said FIRE received $ 25,000 from `` you , '' referring to DeVos , over the course of four years . A spokesperson for Casey said the claim came from staff research based on publicly available IRS filings made by the Dick and Betsy DeVos Family Foundation , a nonprofit founded by DeVos and their husband that dispenses millions of dollars a year in charitable and political giving .
Indeed , filings by the Dick and Betsy DeVos Family Foundation show the organization donated $ 25,000 to FIRE over the course of four years between 2010 and 2013 in four separate donations . The forms also list the couple as the sole donors to the foundation . The foundation and Trump 's transition team did not respond to a request for comment .
It 's important to note that the $ 25,000 in donations is a fraction of the money dispensed by the Dick and Betsy DeVos Family Foundation in the years in question . The foundation routinely doles out more than $ 10 million a year in contributions to charities and conservative causes across the country .
FIRE has faced criticism from women 's advocacy organizations for its stance on issues related to sexual assault on campuses . The group frequently represents students accused of sexual assault who have lodged complaints against institutions of higher education and has been critical of the White House Task Force on Campus Sexual Assault , saying it jeopardizes student due process .
The nonprofit has come out against measures like California 's `` Yes Means Yes '' affirmative consent bill , a piece of legislation hailed by women 's advocacy groups . FIRE also posted a story on its website in 2011 titled `` The Politics of Campus Sexual Assault '' in which the author writes that `` much of the feminist ‘ war on rape ' has conflated sexual assault with muddled , often alcohol-fueled , sexual encounters that involve miscommunication , perhaps bad behavior , but no criminal coercion . ''
FIRE released a statement on DeVos ' nomination , saying : `` Protecting civil liberties on campus is not , and must not become , a partisan issue . '' The group wrote that while it 's most famous for its work protecting free speech on campus , it has `` long advocated for due process rights in campus proceedings more generally . ''
Samantha Harris , FIRE 's vice president of policy research , said the organization does n't advocate for a specific standard of evidence , but rather `` we do n't think the federal government should mandate a standard . ''
`` When it comes to due process , it 's really not a zero sum game , '' Harris said . `` It 's not the rights of the accused versus victims ' rights . The integrity of the process is important for everyone . ''
Our Ruling
U.S. Sen. Bob Casey of Pennsylvania , during a confirmation hearing for Secretary of Education pick Betsy DeVos , said `` [ The Foundation for Individual Rights ] is the recipient of donations from you ( DeVos ) totaling about 25,000 bucks over four years . ''
IRS filings show those numbers check out . While the checks were n't written by DeVos herself , they were dispensed by a foundation in which they and their husband were the sole donors during the years in question . However , DeVos and their husband were not the only board members .
We rate the claim Mostly True .
Correction : An earlier version of this article incorrectly characterized the standard of evidence used in criminal convictions .
There 's been a coup d'état in Reddit 's atheism community , according to its creator , and a political drama has been unfolding for more than two weeks .
It stems from a disagreement over the type of content appearing there . In recent years , r/atheism has become known for memes , images , quote pictures and other content viewed by some as `` low brow . '' At best , they 're humorous digs at fundamentalism and ignorance . At worst , they can be inaccurate or hateful . To `` clean up '' the subreddit , a host of new moderators have come to power , and — in a controversial move — ousted the community 's creator via a technicality in Reddit 's policy .
`` I set up r/atheism to be a very unique kind of sub , run on the philosophy of freedom and openness , '' Redditor u/skeen , who created r/atheism in 2008 , tells Mashable . They requested we not publish their real name . `` So what has happened to r/atheism now is in direct contradiction to how it was intended to be . ''
For about five years , u/skeen 's moderation was extremely hands-off . `` The subreddit was not bogged down by rules and restrictions , '' they say , explaining that they left the community to regulate itself through Reddit 's normal upvoting and downvoting system . `` No comment would ever get deleted , no one would ever be banned . It was a great democratic system , and it did n't turn into this horrible place , like 4chan , '' they say , referring to the image board often cited as a haven for unseemly content . They tout these policies as the reason r/atheism grew to 2 million subscribers and became a de facto community on the front page .
Within the last two years , u/skeen appointed a second moderator , u/tuber , mostly to help clean up spam . As the creator of the subreddit , u/skeen always had the power to remove u/tuber 's moderator status if they disagreed with their practices . So they felt confident the subreddit would always be within their control .
Recently , u/tuber appointed other moderators , notably u/jij . It 's clear they disagree with u/skeen about moderator responsibility and content quality , and instituted new rules — notably , that links directly to images would no longer appear as thumbnails . Because there 's so much content , and funny images are more clickable , they have an unfair advantage , often polluting the front page while more meaningful content fell out of view . Removing thumbnails would , in theory , put in-depth discussion and articles on equal footing with memes .
But according to u/skeen , the newer mods did not consult them on these proposed changes . Instead , they submitted a request to Reddit 's administrators asking them to remove their moderator status .
`` r/redditrequest [ is ] where people can apply to take ownership of abandoned subs , '' u/skeen explains . `` u/jij utilized this to have me removed from my sub , as I had not logged into my 'skeen ' account for 90 days . ''
As per Reddit 's policies about inactive users , this was all done above board and in public . More than 60 days of inactivity will make a user subject to the boot . But u/skeen feels their authority has been usurped , and there 's little they can do about it .
`` The reason I do n't use this account is because I do n't want users of this subreddit to assume I have special power , '' says u/skeen . `` Why did they first remove me and then institute their policies ? It 's obvious that the subreddit has been taken over by trolls . ''
The outcry in the community has been substantial , with numerous discussion threads popping up , debating the merits of this so-called `` heavy '' moderation vs. the laissez-faire approach of u/skeen . Popular users , like The Facebook God , who often posts memes and images of their own page , have expressed their displeasure . God even made a video , which has racked up 16,000+ views .
Then , of course , you have the classic `` Hitler upset '' meme , in which the Fuhrer freaks out about the new mods ' anti-humor policies . `` What is this ? Do they not realize the # 1 tool for getting kids to question their faith is satire ? ''
u/skeen has also accused the new moderators of deleting dissenting comments and posts , though we have not been able to verify this independently ( it is possible many of these discussions have been moved to a new subreddit called r/AtheismPolicy ) .
Although moderator u/jij declined to comment for this story , they tell Mashable they stand by all of their public statements . Of note is a wiki page on the subreddit in which they explain the backstory of u/skeen 's removal :
/u/tuber indicated that they had n't heard from skeen in a long time ... I made a lot of changes to CSS ... the sidebar submit buttons , the topic bars , etc . In all cases I tried to avoid direct moderation because I was aware that it was the one big thing skeen was against . Skeen did make an appearance , to make their famous policy reminder submission , and in it questioning some of my changes ... I 'm not sure what they really thought , because they did n't contact me or tuber ... or reply to my messages after that , or in the comments of their submission . 3 more months went by . Finally , one day , skeen appeared and wanted to talk ! I was * ecstatic * . Maybe they wanted to take an active role ! ... I created a private mod sub for us so we could discuss stuff , skeen and tuber accepted the invite , things were looking up ! ... then they disappeared again ... not answering any of the other threads I made . I messaged them several times after this ... I even asked the admins if they knew of a way to contact them ( they did n't answer me , and I honestly figured they would n't ... privacy and all ) . That was 7 months ago , the next time I heard from them was after they were removed as a mod .
Moderator u/tuber could not be reached for comment , but they recently issued a public explanation for their actions and an apology to users for the upheaval :
Skeen had been completely inactive as a mod for over 9 months , had actively discouraged any mod actions from us and had prohibited the addition of more mods to share the workload . While that may seem like a noble goal , a subreddit with over 2 million users simply ca n't function like that . ... We felt that in order to move forward , change was needed . As per reddit policy , skeen 's long inactivity meant that the admins understood our position and removed them as a mod . As we had been discussing for a long time , we felt that a small amount of moderation could improve the quality of the subreddit . We 've never tried to get rid of memes . We simply wanted to try and create a better balance of content that catered to all users . While it should n't be the case , it 's a simple reality of user-generated websites that images have an unfair advantage when it comes to gaining attention . We simply wanted to even the playing the field .
Reddit 's general manager Erik Martin confirmed to Mashable that r/atheism 's new mods have complied with Reddit 's policies about inactivity and the need for moderation .
`` What is someone supposed to do if a moderator does n't log on for half a year ? There are mods for a reason , '' says Martin . `` They can be good or they can be bad , but subreddits — especially giant ones — need mods to remove things like spam , personal information , and other site-wide , rule-breaking stuff , regardless of their content policies . '' The company does not plan to intervene , despite u/skeen 's request for reinstatement . Unless the new mods acquiesce , it seems r/atheism 's creator will never regain their privileges .
Because much of the discussion and complaining has shifted over to r/AtheismPolicy , and a bit of time has passed , r/Atheism itself has cooled down . The sub is no longer filled with thumbnails from QuickMeme and screenshots of Facebook . In the words of u/superspacebar , `` Just look how beautiful /r/atheism/new is without all those karma-whoring Carl Sagan pictures . We have actual quality content ! ''
In time , only the community can decide whether the sub is more valuable .
Image courtesy of Flickr , Sweetie187 .
Image copyright AP Image caption India 's tea industry employs millions of workers
Workers at a tea plantation in eastern India have killed the owner during negotiations over a pay dispute .
The owner of the Sonali tea estate in West Bengal was dragged out of talks on Saturday . They died after being beaten up and stabbed by a crowd .
Police say Rajesh Agarwal had gone to pacify the workers who had reportedly not been paid for two or three months . Two men and five women have been held .
Many workers in India 's tea plantations are malnourished and poorly paid .
Several incidents of attacks on tea executives by workers have been reported in recent years .
In 2012 a tea plantation owner and their wife were burned to death in the neighbouring state of Assam .
India is the world 's second-largest tea producer after China .
Sam Dastyari has resigned from the Senate after multiple cases of their close-ties with China emerged , urging Bill Shorten to ask them to step down .
LABOR 'S Sam Dastyari today quit the Senate as the accumulation of questionable ties to Chinese contacts made their continued service impossible .
The 34-year old former party whiz-kid said they wanted to “ spare the party any further distraction ” .
Their decision to quit the Senate ultimately was their own , Bill Shorten said today .
But the Opposition Leader pointed to their own barbed comments last Friday that Senator Dastyari 's career was going nowhere .
“ His career in federal politics is over . He 's resigned . It was a tough decision , ” Mr Shorten told reporters in the Sydney seat of Bennelong .
Labor is hosing down speculation Senator Dastyari will be replaced by Kristina Keneally should they lose the weekend 's Bennelong by-election .
The danger for Ms Keneally is voters might believe they could have them in the Upper House and Liberal John Alexander in the House of Representatives by voting against them
A victory for Mr Alexander , who was forced to resign as Bennelong MP over dual citizenship , would help shore up Malcolm Turnbull 's power in the House of Representatives .
Mr Shorten today said : “ If you want Kristina Keneally in Parliament the quickest path to that is to vote for them on Saturday . ”
And they defended the integrity of their departing colleague , saying “ without a doubt ” Senator Dastyari was a force behind the banking royal commission , was a voice for multicultural Australia , and a critic of Pauline Hanson .
Ms Keneally said they had been offered a Senate seat by Labor previously and had turned the offers down .
“ I am here running as the candidate for Bennelong . I have been offered only one thing and that is as candidate for Bennelong. ” they told reporters .
‘ I WILL NOT RETURN IN 2018 '
Senator Dastyari said today : “ Today , after much reflection , I 've decided that the best service I can render to the federal parliamentary Labor Party is to not return to the Senate in 2018 , ” Senator Dastyari said today .
“ I 've not reached this decision lightly . But in my deliberations , I 've been guided by my Labor values , which tell me that I should leave if my ongoing presence detracts from the pursuit of Labor 's mission .
“ It is evident to me we are at that point , so I will spare the party any further distraction . I love the Labor Party .
“ I know Australia needs a Labor Government and I refuse to let my personal situation put that prospect at risk . ”
Their shock decision followed claims from Immigration Minister Peter Dutton that they were a “ double agent ” working for China .
The distractions raised by Senator Dastyari centred on their relations with a Chinese business person living in Australia , Huang Xiangmo . They have been accused by Government figures of promoting Chinese policy in a bid to get donations for the ALP from Mr Huang .
After almost two weeks of political pressure , Senator Dastyari decided they would not return to the Upper House next year . They first sat in it in July , 2013 after working for three years as ALP general secretary in NSW .
Their departure will create a casual vacancy and there is speculation it could be filled by Kristina Keneally should they not win the Bennelong by-election on Saturday .
On November 30 , the Labor MP was forced from the front bench after their close ties to a Chinese donor were revealed .
The uproar has intruded on Ms Keneally 's federal campaign and dragged Opposition Leader Bill Shorten into claims of excessive foreign interference in Australian politics .
Senator Dastyari today said they had acted with integrity and with the best interests of the ALP in mind .
“ I have always put the pursuit of the Labor cause first , ” they said , apparently in response to charges they had contradicted Labor 's policy on the South China Sea to please Chinese hosts at a press conference .
“ Reflecting on the events that lead to my decision , I leave knowing I have always honoured my parliamentary oath , I 've always acted with integrity , and I remain a loyal patriotic Australian . ”
Bill Shorten said Senator Dastyari had told them of their decision this morning and they agreed .
“ I told them I thought this was the right decision . I thanked them for their service to the Parliament , to the state of New South Wales and to the Australian Labor Party , ” the Opposition Leader said in a statement .
There will be claims Mr Shorten should have made the decision themselves and that they were slow to respond to the Dastyari revelations .
“ Sam Dastyari is a good , decent and loyal Australian , and an effective parliamentarian , but their judgment has let them down and now they have paid the heaviest price , ” Mr Shorten said .
“ Sam can be proud of what they have achieved during their time as a senator . ”
Mr Shorten indicated their young colleague had a big future ahead of this controversy .
“ Sam is also a talented and tireless campaigner — their passion , organising skills and boundless good humour has engaged a new generation of progressive activists . I am sure Sam will continue to make a valuable contribution to our country in whatever they choose to do , ” they said .
Labor 's Senate leader Penny Wong thanked Senator Dastyari them for their service to the party but added : “ Sam has made the right decision in stepping down . ”
“ Sam brought to the Senate tenacity , determination and campaigning skills that shone a light on issues that the Government would rather have swept under the carpet , ” they said in a statement .
“ His tireless advocacy on behalf of victims of Australia 's banks , passionate and courageous opposition to racial and religious intolerance and determination to expose multinational tax avoidance are all achievements they can be proud of .
“ He had a rare ability to communicate on these issues to many who were otherwise disengaged from politics . ”
In their speech , Senator Dastyari said their parents , Ella and Nasser , fled a war-torn Iran , so that they could start a new life in Australia and they were proud of their achievements as an Australian Senator .
Their CHINESE LINKS
* August 2013 : Sam Dastyari elected to the Senate to replace Matt Thistlethwaite who quit to run for a lower house seat .
* 2015 : ASIO cautions Labor and the Liberals against taking donations from two business people — Huang Xiangmo and Dr Chau Chak Wing — suspected of being conduits to the Chinese Communist Party .
* June 2016 : Dastyari defends China 's actions in the South China Sea during a press conference to Chinese journalists , attended by Huang . “ The Chinese integrity of its borders is a matter for China , ” they said , contradicting Labor policy outlined by its then defence spokesperson just days earlier . Details of the press conference were revealed in September 2016 , at which time Dastyari said they had only “ incorrectly ” mumbled an answer to a question they should not have taken .
* August 31 , 2016 : Government documents reveal the Top Education Institute — a Chinese higher education provider — paid Dastyari 's $ 1670.82 excess travel bill . Dastyari admits in parliament they should have paid the bill himself .
* September 5 , 2016 : New details emerge that Dastyari failed to declare two bottles of wine worth $ 700 given by big Chinese donors .
* September 6 , 2016 : Shorten tells off their “ junior senator ” but will not sack him . Dastyari bumbles through a 26-minute press conference where they admit they were wrong to have a Chinese donor pay outstanding bills . They remain defiant that they did not provide political favours in return for the payments .
* September 7 , 2016 : Quits Labor shadow ministry and role as manager of opposition business in the Senate .
* October 2016 : Met with Huang at the business person 's Sydney mansion and reportedly told them they should leave their phones inside while they spoke outside , as a counter-surveillance measure , and warned them their phone may be tapped .
* February 2017 : Appointed deputy opposition whip in the Senate . * June 2017 : ABC 's Four Corners reports Dastyari lobbied for Huang to secure Australian citizenship . They say such efforts were part of their job and their office had dealt with hundreds of citizenship matters since they were elected .
* November 28 , 2017 : Fairfax reports on the October 2016 meeting with Huang . Full audio of the June 2016 press conference emerges , contradicting the senator 's September 2016 explanation .
* November 29 , 2017 : Bill Shorten tells Dastyari they must resign senior parliamentary positions , including as deputy opposition whip in the Senate . Dastyari says they are “ shocked ” the audio does not match their recollection of what they said at the press conference .
* December 11 , 2017 : New reports Dastyari attempted to persuade deputy party leader Tanya Plibersek in early 2015 not to meet an activist who had upset the Chinese Government .
* December 12 , 2017 : Dastyari announces they will quit the Senate , “ guided by my Labor values ” and to prevent further damage to the party .
— Timeline from AAP
The price of Bitcoin rose above $ 10,000 for the first time today .
Advertisement
At 01:28 UTC today , the Bitcoin price exceeded previous highs and reached the critical milestone of $ 10,000 . Market data from Bitfinex confirms that after reaching $ 10,000 , a rush of buying brought the price briefly to $ 10,882 before a small sell-off which took Bitcoin down to $ 10,041 . Since then , the price has been moving upwards again towards the recently achieved all-time high .
Advertisement
Bitfinex is an important exchange to keep an eye on during milestone price movements , as it currently accommodates more BTC/USD volume than any other cryptocurrency exchange .
It was only last month that the Bitcoin price was trading within a range of $ 4,200 to $ 6,400 , an important reminder of the extreme growth this past month . Since then , Bitcoin has regularly been hitting new all-time highs in the lead up to this notable milestone .
Whether or not the move above $ 10,000 is sustainable remains to be seen . Some experts believe a correction is imminent whereas others think Bitcoin will soon move to new highs due to the mainstream adoption taking place .
Rafael Lovato Jr. ( right ) has withdrawn from Metamoris 5 . | Dave Mandel/Sherdog.com
Initially scheduled for six matches , Metamoris 5 has taken a hit with the news that Rafael Lovato Jr. has withdrawn from their bout against Yuri Simoes due to injury.Lovato first announced the injury on Saturday via their Facebook page . Sherdog.com has since confirmed the news with Metamoris officials , who said a formal announcement will take place on Monday . No decision on whether to find a replacement or cancel the match has yet been made.Lovato Jr. , the first-ever non Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner to win the prestigious Brazilian National Championship , is currently dealing with a serious tear of their shoulder tendon.In the post , Lovato went on to add that they plan on using this time to focus on advancing their teachings at the Lovato Jiu-Jitsu Association and hopes to return to action against Simoes at the yet-to-be-announced Metamoris 6.A submission-only event , Metamoris 5 will take place Nov. 22 at Long Beach Arena in Long Beach , Calif. , and will stream live via Metamoris.com.The card will include Renzo Gracie Kazushi Sakuraba main event as well as the following matches : , Rory MacDonald vs. J.T . Torres , Vinny Magalhaes vs. Kevin Casey , Garry Tonon vs. Zak Maxwell and the always mysterious “ secret match . ”
When Jon Bernthal and Tom Holland were shooting “ Pilgrimage ” together both actors were simultaneously trying to land roles in the Marvel big and small screen universe . During breaks from filming the gritty medieval action film , the two actors collaborated on the audition tapes that helped convince Marvel higher-ups they were the right people to play the Punisher and Spider-Man .
Bernthal read lines off-camera during one of Holland 's many Spider-Man tapes , while Holland went a step farther , and acted in a scene with Bernthal during their Punisher audition .
“ They use mock scenes , but it was a man telling this young boy about shooting a deer — describing the moment of killing a deer , I believe , ” Bernthal told Variety during an interview at the Tribeca Film Festival . “ We had to play that the deer was there and I see them getting ready to kill it . They were off camera and we were like , ‘ get in here and do it with me . ' ”
During another take for the audition film , shot in a park in Belgium , co-star Stanley Weber walked through the woods pretending to be the deer .
It worked . Bernthal is playing the Punisher , a gun-toting vigilante who kills bad guys without compunction , in an upcoming Netflix series of the same name . They made their first appearance as the character during the second season of “ Daredevil. ” Holland first wore Spidey 's tights in “ Captain America : Civil War ” and will headline this summer 's “ Spider-Man : Homecoming. ” The two actors formed a bond shooting “ Pilgrimage ” in remote locations in Ireland and Belgium , where they both played men of the cloth transporting a holy relic to Rome .
Related Tom Holland on ‘ Spider-Man : Homecoming , ' Spinoffs and Planning for Bathroom Breaks
“ I ca n't say enough good things about Tom , ” said Bernthal . “ He 's got strength and talent and fortitude that 's not only remarkable for someone their age , but for someone period . ”
“ We were all part of them nailing and tracking down the Spider-Man role , ” they add . “ We got to see their determination . I 've never seen anything like that — how hard they fought for it — and that 's how they approach their work everyday . ”
Bernthal also sounds pretty committed to their craft . For “ Pilgrimage , ” in which they play a warrior monk who has taken a vow of silence as penance for their role in the Crusades , they stopped talking for the first ten days of filming . Shortly before production began , they wrote a note to their castmates letting them know he 'd be giving them the silent treatment .
“ That can be a pain in the ass for people , but it was received really beautifully by the cast and the crew , ” said Bernthal . “ I was never met with frustration . ”
Bernthal said the experience helped them get into the right frame of mind .
“ I learned a lot about myself , ” they add . “ I learned about why people would take a vow of silence . It 's about divorcing yourself from your wants and your needs . You use your voice to ask for things and then it becomes a question of if you deserve that thing that you ask for . That 's where the penance and the shame of the character came in . ”
But Bernthal also decided at a certain point to break character . The remote locations in the West Coast of Ireland and the Ardennes meant that cast and crew lived in close proximity , eating meals and socializing with one another . Not talking became too difficult , and they realized he 'd only be remaining mute out of pride .
“ I felt bad because it was like , ‘ oh here 's the silent guy again , ' ” said Bernthal . “ I 'm the only American . I did n't want to be the–hole . The one thing I will say is when I started talking again , the cast collectively told me they liked me better when I was silent . ”
Bernthal 's performance may be dialogue free , but it 's very expressive . Their character is haunted by the violence they saw done in the name of God , and they seek to atone for their sins . However , that experience has n't made them a pacifist . Their character is ready to take up arms when needed , making bloody work of their enemies .
“ He 's very good at playing a vulnerability and sadness , as well as a real danger , ” said Brendan Muldowney , the film 's director . “ I remember a week in saying , ‘ there 's something going on here . It 's in the eyes . There 's a tragedy there . ' ”
Perhaps it 's the role they just played in “ Pilgrimage , ” but Bernthal is tight-lipped about what fans can expect from “ The Punisher. ” They note that Marvel will exact revenge if they reveal too much .
“ I just hope everybody feels like we did the source material justice , ” said Bernthal , who admits that the character resonates with a wide range of fans .
“ He means a lot to people , not only to the comic book fans , who this character really belongs to , but to members of law enforcement and the military , ” adds Bernthal . “ He means something to guys who 've gone to fight and have died for this country with that Punisher skull on their body armor . ”
“ Pilgrimage ” is screening at the Tribeca Film Festival . It debuts on Aug. 11 , 2017 .
Back in 2008 , Google launched its now famous flu trends website . It works on the hypothesis that people make more flu-related search queries when they are suffering from the illness than when they are healthy . So counting the number of flu-related search queries in a given country gives a good indication of how the virus is spreading .
The predictions are pretty good . The data generally closely matches that produced by government organisations such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) in the US . Indeed , in some cases , it has been able to spot an incipient epidemic more than a week before the CDC .
That 's been hugely important . An early indication that the disease is spreading in a population gives governments a welcome headstart in planning its response .
So an interesting question is whether other online services , in particular social media , can make similar or even better predictions . Today , we have an answer thanks to the work of Jiwei Li at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , and Claire Cardie at Cornell University in New York State , who have been able to detect the early stages of an influenza outbreak using Twitter .
Their approach is in many ways similar to Google 's . They simply filter the Twitter datastream for flu-related tweets that are also geotagged . That allows them to create a map showing the distribution of these tweets and how it varies over time .
They also model the dynamics of the disease with some interesting subtleties . In the new model , a flu epidemic can be in one of four phases : non-epidemic phase , a rising phase where numbers are increasing , a stationary phase and a declining phase where numbers are falling .
The new approach uses an algorithm that attempts to spot the switch from one phase to another as early as possible . Indeed , Li and Cardie test the effectiveness of their approach using a Twitter dataset of 3.6 million flu-related tweets from about 1 million people in the US between June 2008 and June 2010 .
To check how well their predictions work , Li and Cardie compared their analysis to that produced by the CDC . “ We verify that flu-related tweets are highly correlated to the number of influenza-like illness ( ILI ) cases provided by CDC , ” they say .
That looks to be a powerful and important new tool in the battle against influenza epidemics . It certainly provides a new way to spot the disease in its early stages . Indeed , an interesting task will be to compare its effectiveness against other systems such as Google 's flu trends and the CDCs own predictions .
Some 10-15 % of people get flu each year which results in around 50 million cases and 500,000 deaths around the world . That 's a heavy toll . The ability to spot the start of an epidemic a week or so earlier than is possible now , and doing it relatively cheaply and easily all over the world , could allow governments and medical agencies to save a significant number of lives .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/1309.7340 : Early Stage Influenza Detection from Twitter
Southampton Football Club is delighted to announce that Serbia international Filip Djuričić has joined on loan until the end of the season .
The 23 year-old signs from Portuguese side Benfica after ending a loan spell at German side Mainz 05 to make a deadline-day move to St Mary 's .
The attacking midfielder began their football in the youth systems of Radnički Obrenovac and Red Star Belgrade , before spending a year in Greece with Olympiacos . Djuričić returned to Serbia after just one season in Greece , returning hometown club Obrenovac , where they made their professional debut , before earning a move to SC Heerenveen in Holland .
It was with the Dutch side that they secured their first international call-ups , playing alongside current Saints star Dušan Tadić for Serbia .
Djuričić made their debut for their country in a friendly against Cyprus in 2012 , scoring their first international goal later that year in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Wales .
They racked up 111 appearances during their time in Holland , scoring 26 goals , before sealing a move to Portugal with Benfica , signing a five-year contract .
The playmaker featured 22 times in their first season in Lisbon , helping the club win the Primeira Liga and two domestic cup competitions in the 2013/14 campaign .
Ahead of the current season , Djuričić moved to Bundesliga outfit Mainz 05 on loan , and made 12 appearances in all competitions before deciding to switch Germany for England and link up with Ronald Koeman 's side on the south coast .
“ Unforeseen Circumstances. ” A small crude hand-written notice pinned to the front window of a Goodwill store in downtown Toronto was the harbinger of worse things to come later in the day .
Donors attempting to dropping off clothes and other household goods at the Richmond St. store find a `` closed '' sign in the window . ( Dale Brazao / Toronto Star ) Donors , shoppers and customers alike were met with a mysterious closed sign at one of the Goodwill locations that failed to open Sunday . ( Dale Brazao / Toronto Star )
Several hours later , Goodwill Toronto , which collects donated clothing and goods , then sells them to fund programs for people with learning and physical disabilities , announced it was closing the 16 stores it runs , throwing some 450 people out of work . A short statement from CEO Keiko Nakamura blamed the closing of the 80-year-old charitable organization “ on a number of factors affecting the retail environment . Goodwill is facing a cash flow crisis. ” Nakamura is the former head of Toronto Community Housing who was fired from the city agency in 2011 in the fallout from a spending scandal . Workers arrived at their workplaces in the GTA , Barrie , Orillia and Brockville yesterday to find stores and collection centers closed and no explanation as to what was happening , union lawyer Denis Ellickson told the Star .
Article Continued Below
“ It has come as a complete shock to the union and its employees , ” Ellickson said . “ We heard news late last evening ( Saturday ) that one of the stores had closed . This morning we discovered all of the stores had closed with no notice or no reason given. ” Under the collective agreement between the union and Goodwill Industries of Toronto , Eastern , Central and Northern Ontario , the company is required to give employees 30 to 60 days ' notice before closing any stores , and that did not happen , Ellickson said . The workers are represented by the Canadian Airport Workers Union . The federally registered charitable organization “ is run as a business to make money , ” the lawyer said . “ We now know what is happening but we still do n't know why. ” The union learned Sunday that the entire board of directors of Goodwill , with the exception of Nakamura , had resigned Friday , precipitating the announcement on the closing down of the entire operation .
The news release said 16 stores , 10 donation centres and two offices in Toronto , Mississauga , Brampton , Newmarket , Barrie , Orillia and Brockville were closed . “ As you can understand this a tremendously difficult time , ” Nakamura said in the statement .
Article Continued Below
Goodwill Industries of Toronto , Central and Northern Ontario reported total revenue in 2014 of just over $ 28 million and expenses of $ 29,218,954 , according to the registered charity 's tax filings — which also show it received more than $ 4 million in government funding . “ It 's stunning to us that this happening because of the amount of revenue that they have either generated or received from various government levels , ” Ellickson said . The charity lists one employee as earning between $ 200,000 and $ 250,000 and another with a salary range of $ 120,000 to $ 150,000 . The employees are not named in the tax filings . “ It 's supposed be a charitable organization , but they are paid handsomely , ” Ellickson said . “ Some of those people who are now terminated are vulnerable individuals with disabilities who have been hired through these government sponsored programs. ” “ It 's tragic for all of them , ” Ellickson said . While the salary range for the workers is $ 11 to $ 27 an hour , most earn an average of $ 14 . The Star was unable to reach Nakamura for comment . As donated goods piled up outside the Goodwill collection centre on Richmond St. yesterday , donors were left wondering why no-one was there to receive them . “ I come here with donations quite often , actually , ” said one woman , dropping two shopping bags of clothing and shoes . “ I sure hope this is n't a permanent thing . That would be a shame . ”
NEW YORK — Last month at a glitzy event on the West Side of Manhattan , a sanguine gathering thrown by Fox Sports to mark the nominal start of its marketing campaign for the World Cup 2018 coverage , United States Men 's National Team coach Bruce Arena offered some reassuring words to a roomful of well-dressed advertisers and media buyers .
“ I will tell you this : We 're going to be there , and I 'm going to miss all this great Fox coverage , ” Arena said .
That promise evaporated on a Tuesday night in Couva , Trinidad and Tobago . On the most surreal and embarrassing night in U.S. soccer history , as SI writer Grant Wahl wrote , the U.S. men 's national team lost 2-1 to Trinidad and Tobago and was eliminated from contention for World Cup 2018 .
Hyperbole is the drug of choice these days in the sports media but the loss is a disaster for Fox Sports . Disaster . That is the correct word . The World Cup is a momentum tournament over its 64 broadcasts and the U.S. broadcaster needs the national team in the tournament because it establishes a huge audience early on for those games . It also attracts viewers who are not traditional soccer watchers .
Here was ESPN 's viewership for the U.S. games during the 2014 World Cup :
U.S. vs. Belgium ( July 1 , 2014 ) : 16.5 million
U.S. vs. Germany ( June 26 , 2014 ) : 10.8 million
U.S. vs. Portugal ( June 22 , 2014 ) : 18.2 million
U.S. vs. Ghana ( June 17 , 2014 ) : 11.1 million
This kind of viewership numbers are now gone for the early part of the Russia tournament . The 2014 FIFA World Cup ranked as the most-viewed World Cup ever on English-language TV in the United States . ESPN , ESPN2 and ABC combined to average 4,557,000 viewers for the 64 matches , up from 3.273,000 viewers in 2010 . It 's simple math : Take away the U.S. team , and the tournament average goes way down .
Nothing will change with Fox Sports ' production , which is the largest in the network 's 24-year history . The network will air 350 hours of World Cup programming including half of the games airing on over-the-air FOX . There will be more matches on broadcast television than the last four World Cups combined . Daytime and late-night studio coverage will air from a set in Moscow 's Red Square . There will be three studio shows—World Cup Live ( airing at 6 a.m . ET ) ; World Cup Today ( prior to matches ) and World Cup Tonight ( airing after matches ) . The network said it will air 15 original series on FOX Sports Go and has partnered with National Geographic for a multi-platform visual experience . But the dollars lost will be huge . The Group Stage represents 48 of the tournament 's 64 matches . That is a ton of advertising inventory .
“ Fortunately , the ad sales team has locked in two keystone sponsors in Verizon [ halftime shows ] & VW [ postgame ] , but the rest of the inventory will be a tough sell , ” said Anthony Crupi of Ad Age .
At the World Cup launch party last month , Fox Sports president Eric Shanks told SI that their network would market the Mexican national team—El Tri—as Fox Sports ' second team during the tournament . ( The team 's coach , Juan Carlos Osorio , appeared on stage in New York for the Fox presentation . ) Fox Sports owns the English-language rights to the Mexican National Team in the United States and with the U.S. now eliminated , look for Shanks & Co. to spend even more marketing dollars and heft on El Tri , given the potential audience . That is the right strategy given the huge number of El Tri fans in the U.S . The marketing will also likely shift to a much heavier push earlier on international stars such as Leo Messi of Argentina , Neymar of Brazil and Cristiano Ronaldo of Portugal . Fox will compete at the World Cup with Telemundo , which owns the Spanish-language rights to the World Cup .
Said Shanks at the event : “ They [ the U.S. ] are going to make it but regardless of the results of them qualifying , we were pretty open about our plans . We are embracing El Tri and we have since the Confederations Cup . We have the Gold Cup every two years . I think this country going from a sporting event to a cultural event , you have people just rooting for the U.S . But I think this country has evolved from a soccer fandom where they are super interested in Neymar , Messi , Ronaldo . If you were a soccer fan in the world , this would be the place for you to live . You get more world class soccer here . This is a soccer country. ” ​
“ It 's bad for Fox Sports , ” said Sports Business Daily assistant managing editor Austin Karp , one of the foremost sports television ratings experts in the States . “ They were already going to be lower than 2014 on ABC/ESPN/ESPN2 with the time zone difference , but now that drop will be exacerbated . There will be much less buzz headed into the summer . The World Cup final will do an okay number , but the group stage and early knockout rounds take a hit without the U.S. A Mexico run could help , but Telemundo would be the biggest beneficiary from that . Look for Telemundo 's average viewership for the first entire tourney to now rival Fox/FS1/FS2 . Fox Sports also could now have the lowest English-language World Cup average since maybe 2002 in Japan/South Korea . Topping 2006 from Germany would be a win for them . ”
Both Shanks and David Neal , the executive producer of Fox 's FIFA World Cup coverage , said Fox Sports learned a lot of lessons from their coverage of the Women 's World Cup , one of the best productions the network has done . Fox Sports aired all 52 games from the tournament—with 16 matches on big FOX , including the third-place match and the final . They aired shoulder programming prior and after matches , and even if you did not like the on-air talent , you could not question the commitment to the tournament .
“ I think we proved we are more than qualified custodians of this property , ” said Neal , after the conclusion of that tournament . “ I think people can look at us with high expectations and that 's what they should have . They should look to our coverage of the 2018 World Cup and think , ‘ OK , you did very well the first time out of the gate in 2015 in Canada , ' and then they should expect we will exceed our own performance . ”
Not all is lost . Soccer is far more popular in the U.S. in 2017 than 2010 and the numbers for the Russia final will still be robust . The Germany-Argentina 2014 World Cup final drew 17.981 million viewers on ABC and online . That will be similar on Fox . But the pain felt early is going to be severe . On Wednesday morning a Fox Sports spokesperson tried to put the best light on a dark morning .
“ Last night 's World Cup qualifying results do not change Fox Sports ' passion for the world 's biggest sporting event , ” said a spokesperson . “ While the U.S. was eliminated , the biggest stars in the world from Lionel Messi to Cristiano Ronaldo stamped their tickets to Russia on the same day , and will battle teams ranging from Mexico to England that have massive fan bases in America . The World Cup is the greatest sporting event on earth that changes the world for one month every four years , and Fox Sports remains steadfast in our commitment of bringing the games to America for the first time in 2018 and will continue to support the U.S. Soccer Federation as they look ahead to the 2022 World Cup . ”
A very interesting letter from TPM Reader JS on a little discussed part of the ‘ cancellation ' and rollover story , namely that a lot of insurers , far from ‘ dropping ' or ‘ canceling ' coverage are working hard to keep their existing coverage holders from going to the exchanges to see the better deals they can get …
I am not terribly different than some other writers who have been in the individual market . We have BCBS covering a family of four with a variety of pre-existing ( but not life threatening ) conditions . Like others , BCBS of Illinois informed us that our policy would no longer be valid after January 1 , 2014 . They also informed us that they would dole us automatically into a slightly more expensive ( and largely comparable ) plan if we did nothing .
Here is where it gets a bit more interesting . The “ cancellation letter ” directed us to the BCBS website , where we could shop through various other options . There are a large number of options ( e.g. , network breadth , deductibles , co-pays , etc . ) , many of which are also comparable to what we have at lower rates . Relatively minor tweaks to our deductible will save us hundreds per month – more than offsetting the deductibles . And , since getting the letter , we have gotten follow-up emails and telephone calls from BCBS encouraging us to compare our options at the BCBS website .
It has become quite clear over the past couple of weeks that BCBS does not want us shopping on the Illinois Exchange . Of course I will ultimately do that , if nothing else to check out competitive options . BCBS has huge market share here and they have the best , most comprehensive network – I wo n't be a bit surprised if we stay with them . That said , we have suddenly become much more attractive and important to BCBS than we were . Getting through underwriting a few years ago was ridiculously difficult , now we are being marketed heavily and encouraged essentially to skip the exchange all together and shop exclusively at BCBS .
The 37-year-old Irishman had n't featured at Aston Villa since last January when Paul Lambert 's side lost 2-1 in the cup to Millwall and only two of their nine appearances over the course of that campaign came in the league . But the Irish man proved reluctant to walk away from a lucrative long-term contract with attempts to strike a deal coming to nothing .
The opportunity to play at Middlesbrough arises after that club 's first-choice goalkeeper , Jason Steele , received a three-match ban after being sent off against Leeds United . Newly appointed Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka has turned to Given for their experience and they are expected to start against Bolton on Saturday .
Region 's biggest trio
As Given was heading back to England 's northeast to become the first player in more than 35 years to play for all three of the region 's biggest clubs , full
back Enda Stevens was also on the move . The 23-year-old joined Doncaster Rovers also on a month-long loan .
The former Shamrock Rovers defender has also been marginalised by Lambert since making their last first-team appearance at Villa Park in January , although they have seen some action this season having previously had a spell at Notts County where they played four times .
Paddy Madden will be hoping to rediscover their scoring touch at that club having joined on loan from Yeovil .
County fans will be desperately hoping the Dubliner can reproduce their remarkable run of goals for Yeovil where they finished as the division 's top scorer in May with 24 in all competitions despite having only signed on loan from Carlisle in October .
Meanwhile goalkeeper Aaron McCarey has moved on loan from Wolves , where they recently signed a new 2½ year deal , to York City . The 21 year-old was a part of Ireland 's senior squad for the friendly against Spain in New York .
Brothers Michael and Will Keane have both gone out on loan from Manchester United with the pair joining Derby and Wigan respectively . Both have been capped at under-21 level by England but Michael had previously represented Ireland and both retain the option of declaring for the Republic due to their Dublin born father .
Sean O'Driscoll has been sacked by Bristol City .
Bradley Wiggins was sixth in the Annecy time trial after a headwind slowed them in the final section of the stage but they still have a great chance of finishing on the final podium in Paris .
Wiggins warmed down with a towel covering their head and was initially angry and disappointed with their result until they realised that all the late starters lost time on the final section of the course due to the change in wind .
“ I think there were two races today . There was the race for the stage win and the race for the GC guys , ” Wiggins said after waiting patiently for Lance Armstrong to finish in anti-doping .
“ I think the conditions changed from the top of the climb to the finish . For the guys who went off this morning there was no headwind and so it was variable conditions . For us it was kind of a block headwind all the way back . ”
“ I had a slight problem with my chain and my rear mech but it was the headwind that caused all the difference . ”
“ From what I heard , I lost 12 seconds to Contador on the descent but saying that , if the conditions had been the same Alberto would have still won and I would have been second or third . And I 've had enough second places this year… ”
Wiggins moved past Frank Schleck and Andreas Kloden to fourth overall after the time trial . They are 4-11 behind Alberto Contador ( Astana ) and 1-25 behind Andy Schleck ( Saxo Bank ) but they are only 11 seconds behind Lance Armstrong ( Astana ) , who has suffered on the climbs more than Wiggins during the Tour de France .
Bradley Wiggins warms down after stage 18
They know that the final battle for third will be decided on the slopes of Mount Ventoux on Saturday .
“ It 's all going to come down to the Ventoux now . I think Alberto has pretty much won the Tour de France but there 's a race for second , third and fourth . One final climb on the stage suits me , a bit like Verbier and Andorra . It 's one effort , one time trial up the Ventoux . ”
“ I think everyone is in the same boat and everyone is pretty tired . Andy Schleck told me that they wish the race was over now . I feel sort of the same way . ”
“ If someone said to me do I want to settle with fourth or race up the Ventoux and try and gamble for a little higher , I 'd probably accept fourth at this stage . ”
Palin team pushed hard for trooper 's ouster Ex-brother-in-law was focus of dozens of calls to their boss
Alaska Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan , a member of the Village Public Safety Officer task force , talks about the state funded program at their office in Anchorage , Alaska Monday Jan. 28 , 2008 . A seven-member panel released a report to the state Senate on Friday Feb. 1 , calling for significant changes in the Village Public Safety Officer program including hefty pay raises , more than doubling the size of the force and enlisting help from agencies to develop acceptable housing where needed . ( AP Photo/Al Grillo ) less Alaska Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan , a member of the Village Public Safety Officer task force , talks about the state funded program at their office in Anchorage , Alaska Monday Jan. 28 , 2008 . A ... more Photo : Al Grillo , AP Photo : Al Grillo , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Palin team pushed hard for trooper 's ouster 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The 2007 state fair was days away when Alaska 's public safety commissioner , Walt Monegan , took another call about one of their troopers , Michael Wooten . This time , the director of Gov . Sarah Palin 's Anchorage office was on the line .
As Monegan recalls it , the aide said the governor had heard that Wooten was assigned to work the kickoff to the fair in late August . If so , Monegan should do something about it , because Palin was also planning to attend and did not want the trooper nearby .
Somewhat bewildered , Monegan soon determined that Wooten had indeed volunteered for duty at the fairgrounds - in full costume as `` Safety Bear , '' the troopers ' child-friendly mascot .
Two years earlier , the trooper and the governor 's sister had been embroiled in a nasty divorce and child-custody battle that had hardened the Palin family against him . To Monegan and several top aides , the state fair episode was yet another example of a fixation that the governor and their husband , Todd , had with Wooten and the most granular details of their life .
`` I thought to myself , 'Man , do they have a heavy-duty network and focus on this guy , ' `` Monegan said . `` You 'd call that an obsession . ''
On July 11 , Palin fired Monegan , setting off a politically charged scandal that has become vastly more charged since Palin became the Republican vice presidential nominee .
The outlines of the matter have been widely reported . Monegan believes they were ousted because they would not bow to pressure to dismiss Wooten . The Alaska Legislature is investigating the firing and whether the governor abused the powers of their office to pursue a personal vendetta . Its report is due today .
Palin has denied that anyone told Monegan to dismiss Wooten , or that the commissioner 's ouster had anything to do with the trooper . But an examination of the case , based on interviews with Monegan and several top aides , indicates that , to a far greater degree than was previously known , the governor , their husband and their administration pressed the commissioner and their staff to get Wooten off the force , though without directly ordering it .
In all , the commissioner and their aides were contacted about Wooten three dozen times over 19 months by the governor , their husband and seven administration officials , interviews and documents show .
Campaign to 'get rid of him '
`` To all of us , it was a campaign to get rid of them as a trooper and , at the very least , to smear the guy and give them a desk job somewhere , '' said Kim Peterson , Monegan 's special assistant and a 31-year veteran of state government , who like several other aides spoke publicly about the matter for the first time .
The governor 's office 's interest in the Wooten case did not end with Monegan , the examination shows . Their successor , Chuck Kopp , recalled that in an exploratory phone call and then a job interview , Palin 's aides mentioned the governor 's concerns about Wooten . None of the 280 other troopers were discussed , Kopp said .
Immediately after Monegan 's firing , Palin said their intent was to change the department 's direction . ( She declined to be interviewed for this article . ) They have since offered a variety of explanations for their ouster , most recently accusing them of insubordination and opposing their fiscal reforms .
As evidence , they have contended , among other things , that Monegan arranged two unauthorized lobbying trips to Washington . But , according to interviews and records obtained by the New York Times , both trips were authorized by the governor 's office .
As for Wooten , Palin has said they and others were simply lodging legitimate complaints to the appropriate authorities about a trooper with a disciplinary record who was a danger to their family and to the public .
Palin initially said they welcomed an investigation into Monegan 's ouster . But they have since declined to cooperate with the bipartisan inquiry . Palin has pledged to cooperate with a separate inquiry , by the state 's Personnel Board .
Began before governorship
The Palin family 's dispute with Wooten surfaced long before Palin became governor .
On April 11 , 2005 , the day Palin 's sister , Molly McCann , filed for divorce , their father , Chuck Heath , informed the state police that a domestic-violence restraining order had been served on their son-in-law . Heath later told the state police that , although Wooten had not physically harmed McCann , they had intimidated them McCann told authorities that Wooten had said to them that they would shoot Heath if they hired them a divorce lawyer and would `` take down '' Sarah Palin if they got involved .
The family also reported that Wooten , who was assigned to the wildlife investigations unit , shot a moose without a permit , used a Taser on their 10-year-old stepson and drank a beer at a friend 's barbecue before taking a second one for the drive home in their patrol car .
In March 2006 , after an internal inquiry , Wooten received a 10-day suspension , which was eventually halved . The suspension letter mentions nothing about threats . At the time , Wooten and McCann had been divorced for about two months .
On Jan. 4 , 2007 , a month into the Palin administration and their tenure as public safety commissioner , Monegan went to the governor 's Anchorage office to talk with Todd Palin , who had requested the meeting . Todd Palin was seated at a conference table with three stacks of personnel files . That , Monegan recalled , was the first time they heard the name Mike Wooten .
`` He conveyed to me that they and Sarah did not think the investigation into Wooten had been done well enough and that they were not happy with the punishment , '' Monegan said . `` Todd was clearly frustrated . ''
Todd Palin pressured
Todd Palin noted Wooten 's divorce case but dwelt on the moose kill , Monegan recalled . The commissioner said they would have their staff evaluate the evidence .
A few days later , Monegan informed Todd Palin that the issues raised at the meeting had been addressed in Wooten 's suspension . The case was closed .
Todd Palin sounded vexed and said repeatedly that Wooten was getting away with a crime , Monegan said .
Several evenings later , Monegan 's cell phone rang . `` Walt , it 's Sarah , '' the governor said before echoing much of what their husband had said . Wooten , they recall being told , was `` not the kind of person we should want as a trooper . '' They told the governor , too , that there was no new evidence to pursue .
Soon after that , Todd Palin and several aides began pressing the public safety agency to investigate another matter : whether Wooten was fraudulently collecting workers ' compensation for a back injury they said they had suffered while helping carry a body bag .
Todd Palin declined to be interviewed . But in a sworn affidavit this week for the legislative investigation , they wrote that they had hundreds of communications about the trooper `` with my family , with friends , with colleagues and with just about everyone I could , including government officials . ''
As for what they had told their wife , Todd Palin said they often raised their concerns about `` the unfairness of theirs remaining on the state troopers when they were obviously so unfit for the job . ''
Monegan fired
Of the dozen calls Monegan 's assistant Peterson received about Wooten , they said , at least half were from Dianne Kiesel , a deputy director at the Department of Administration . The last discussion with Kiesel came after Peterson informed them that the trooper had been cleared to work full time .
`` Since there was now no business reason to separate Wooten , they wanted to know what else we could do with him , '' Peterson said , adding , `` I could tell they were under pressure to come up with something . ''
As for Wooten 's planned appearance as Safety Bear , Monegan said they decided to pull them back .
In July , Palin 's acting chief of staff called Monegan to another meeting in that same room in the governor 's Anchorage office . The aide , Michael Nizich , said the governor wanted them to head the Alcoholic Beverage Control Board , part of the public safety department . Put another way , they were no longer commissioner .
Wooten , who declined to be interviewed for this article , remains on the force as a patrol trooper .
SINGAPORE — Singaporeans have been brought together by the shocking mass shooting over the weekend that killed at least 50 at a gay club in Orlando , Florida .
On Tuesday evening , more than 700 people came to a candlelight vigil for the victims . They held up glow sticks because open flames are not allowed in parks here .
Image : Wong Maye-E/ap
A photo posted by TᎧM TᏘᏁ ( @ tom_888 ) on Jun 14 , 2016 at 6:53pm PDT
SEE ALSO : World mourns after attack on Orlando LGBTQ nightclub
The organiser , GLBT Voices Singapore , said the turnout was larger than expected , given that word about the event had only been sent a little over 24 hours prior .
It held the gathering at Hong Lim Park — the site of the annual Pink Dot pride picnic — for which it had to get a licence from the government . Hong Lim Park is the only allocated `` free speech '' area in Singapore , and people who want to use it for rallies or speeches need to get it cleared by the authorities beforehand .
Image : WONG MAYE-E/AP
A photo posted by Jaeden Mikhailov ( @ jvcemikvel ) on Jun 14 , 2016 at 10:18am PDT
GLBT Voices noted that the speaking permit was issued promptly by the government , and that it received an outpouring of warm responses from attendees on its Facebook event page .
Singapore 's LGBTQ community is fairly repressed in the conservative country .
The shooting has been rattling for the LGBTQ community in Singapore — a fairly repressed group in the conservative country .
Shortly after the shooting , netizens noticed a Facebook comment from a Bryan Lim made earlier this month , where they wrote on an anti-Pink Dot Facebook page that they wanted to `` open fire '' on `` these £ @ € $ ^ * s '' — taken to mean the attendees at the event .
Lim later appeared to retract what they said , saying it was n't directed at the LGBTQ attendees at Pink Dot , but not before the police and their employer , Canon Singapore , both said they were looking into the matter .
On Tuesday evening , Singapore 's Minister for Home Affairs and Law , K Shanmugam , posted on their Facebook page , where they said the government would act `` decisively '' to quell any threat or violence against any person or group .
They said : `` The Government 's duty is to protect everyone . Their race , their religion , their sexual orientation — these are not relevant in terms of the Government 's duty to protect .
`` ... We , as Singaporeans , have to come together , unite together to fight this terror . ''
The minister made the post after attending an Iftar at a mosque here , the evening meal for Muslims during the Ramadan month where they end their daily fast at sunset .
Also on Tuesday night , another gathering for the Orlando victims was held in Tokyo 's Shinjuku district , which drew a crowd of over 130 people .
The event was held at Ni-chome in Shinjuku , where many of Tokyo 's gay-friendly bars are located . During an open mic session , many of the attendees expressed their sadness and anger at the lives lost during the shooting .
Image : WONG MAYE-E/AP
Have something to add to this story ? Share it in the comments .
Despite the ban on female feticide in India , ads for sex-selection services are still abundant on the web . In a move to end this and help save the girl child , the Indian supreme court has warned Silicon Valley behemoths Google , Yahoo , and Microsoft against hosting ads that violate the country 's ban on prenatal gender testing and sex selective abortion , the Economic Times newspaper reported . The court ordered the three tech giants to stop promoting sex discrimination kits , tools , and clinics .
The companies argued that blocking keywords associated with these ads was not feasible because other related content will be filtered out , too . Justice Mishra , the judge on the case , insisted on banning results that they dubbed as “ social evil , ” according to Economic Times . They also had a strong message for the tech trio : “ You ca n't say that you are not technically equipped . If you say you are , get out of the market . ”
By the next hearing on July 25 , the central government is required to file a memorandum with proposed solutions to stop this “ rampant abuse. ” The court has instructed the government to meet with all three companies and technical experts to outline steps for blocking these illegal ads before then , the Times of India reported .
Even though the Indian government passed laws against prenatal screening and female feticide with the 1994 Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act , the male to female ratio has barely improved . During the 2001 census , the sex ratio was 933 females for every 1,000 males . By 2011 , that number creeped up to just 943 .
But even that uptick disguises a worrying decline resulting from an archaic mindset that encourages a preference for boys—the supposed future breadwinners . In 2001 , there were only 927 girls age six and younger for every 1,000 boys . A decade later , the government found that the numbers dwindled further : there were only 919 girl children for 1,000 boys .
Byrne misses out on fund
Greg Byrne collected a $ 500,000 longevity bonus from Arizona for staying through 2016 , but leaving before 2020 means they wo n't get any of a booster-paid retention fund that 's now worth $ 2.18 million .
In what UA calls a “ Longevity Fund ” that was established in 2014 , Byrne , UA football coach Rich Rodriguez and basketball coach Miller were each allotted six-figure shares in Western Refining Logistics LP . The stock traded at $ 2.18 at its last close , meaning Byrne 's allotment of 100,000 shares was worth $ 2.18 million . Rodriguez and Miller each have 175,000 shares set aside for them .
Byrne has vested in 75 percent of their shares , but they could only collect them before May 2020 if they were fired without cause or left because of a significant health issue . The shares instead can now be used by a new UA athletic director at the discretion of the donor , according to language approved by the Arizona Regents .
In happier times .
Peter Thiel , the billionaire venture capitalist who took a chance on an up-and-coming political novice named Donald Trump , is not so sure about their investment these days .
BuzzFeed reports that Thiel “ has distanced themselves from the president in multiple private conversations , describing at different points this year an ‘ incompetent ' administration , and one that may well end in ‘ disaster . ' ”
Thiel 's “ increasingly pessimistic ” views of the president have developed over time , with some of the described conversations taking place last year and others as recently as May . It was then that Thiel told guests at an event that they were frustrated by the Trump administration 's slow start , and that they did n't think the president would be reelected .
Responding to the article , Thiel gave a boilerplate statement reiterating their support for the president , telling BuzzFeed , “ Today it 's clear that resistance to change in Washington , D.C. has been even fiercer than I anticipated … I support President Trump in their ongoing fight to achieve it . ”
Over the last year and a half , Thiel set themselves up as a major outlier in Silicon Valley — a place not traditionally friendly to national Republicans . They not only donated heavily to the Trump campaign , but spoke in a prime-time slot at the Republican National Convention . After Trump 's election , they joined the president 's transition team .
Thiel made their name by co-founding Paypal and investing early in Facebook , hugely lucrative moves that earned them a reputation for forward-thinking brilliance . They are also a legitimate techno-libertarian weirdo , as most famously evidenced by their now-abandoned fantasy for a utopian billionaires ' island . And he 's prone to grandiose , contrarian gibberish . “ Everyone says Trump is going to change everything way too much , ” they told Maureen Dowd in a revealing profile in January . “ Well , maybe Trump is going to change everything way too little . ”
All of this has lent Thiel a certain air of rarefied mystique . But as New York 's Brian Feldman observed last year , their aura seems unearned : “ Regardless of whether they view them as a benevolent futurist or scheming magnate , most people , it seems , perceive Peter Thiel as very , very smart , ” whereas all available evidence — their interviews , public appearances , and speeches — reveasl them to be “ a crank who does n't have a very deep understanding of politics . ”
Thiel , as Dowd wrote , seems to view the whole enterprise through the prism of a risk-tolerant venture capitalist :
One could have predicted Mr. Thiel 's affinity for Mr. Trump by reading their 2014 book , “ Zero to One , ” in which they offer three prongs of their philosophy : 1 ) It is better to risk boldness than triviality . 2 ) A bad plan is better than no plan . 3 ) Sales matter just as much as product .
It 's not obvious what Thiel actually wanted from the Trump administration . For years , they have chafed at the notion that American-style liberal democracy is the best way to organize a society . They touted Trump as someone who could get a sclerotic government to solve big problems , and criticized Hillary Clinton as too hawkish . Their aversion to multiculturalism and disdain for culture elites aligns them with the president , too . But how , exactly , Trump has dropped the ball in Thiel 's eyes — beyond the obvious chaos — is n't totally clear .
Thiel probably is n't losing any sleep over the fact that their presidential bet is n't paying off the way they wanted . But it 's still enjoyable to watch a prominent Trump Train passenger steel themselves as the locomotive veers off the tracks .
The Teeling family is a step closer to opening Teeling Whiskey Company , the first new distillery in Dublin in 125 years . Its three enormous copper stills finally arrived this week from Italy and were installed at the factory in the Liberties .
Jack Teeling , who , along with their brother Stephen , is the driving force behind the €10 million investment , was on hand to take delivery of the copper pots , the biggest of which holds 15,000 litres and weighs five tonnes .
That 's a fair-sized drop of the crathur .
Frilli Impianti , an Italian company with a long heritage of making Grappa kit , sent the stills over from Siena . “ I saw those stills in Italy when they were only flat copper sheets , ” said Jack Teeling , a son of the legendary drinks and resources investor John .
They explained that because of the boom in Irish whiskey production , lead times on new stills can be as long as two or three years .
The worst of the construction work at the new distillery will be finished in January and the stills will be commissioned shortly afterwards . “ We will be in production early in the new year , ” said Teeling .
Shortly after that , it should open as a tourism attraction : “ Tourism Ireland had 30 people here on Monday checking things out . We would n't have stuck the distillery in the centre of the city if we did n't think we 'd attract a lot of visitors . ”
Irish whiskey , after years as a fusty old drink , is now in vogue with no shortage of multinational investors . The Teelings ' old Cooley business is owned by Suntory of Japan ; Jameson is owned by France 's Pernod Ricard ; and Jose Cuervo , the tequila giant from Mexico , recently bought Bushmills from Diageo .
The whiskey industry is hardly on the rocks .
Search warrant executed at home of APD officer connected to Samantha Dean
AUSTIN ( KXAN ) -- It 's been three months since the death of Samantha Dean , and authorities are still looking for details regarding their homicide case . On Tuesday , authorities carried out a search warrant on Austin Police Department Officer VonTrey Clark 's home and car , according to Clark 's attorney Bristol Myers . Bastrop County Sheriff Terry Pickering confirms their detectives executed a search warrant Tuesday .
When KXAN stopped by Clark 's listed address Wednesday , all was quiet . The silver Saab that public records show is registered to them was parked at the curb of the single-story house where they live in Southeast Austin .
Myers said a DNA sample was also taken from Clark , along with several pairs of shoes and `` essentially every electronic device in the house . ''
Continuing coverage : Samantha Dean case
`` The nature and number of items taken , and the things police were looking for but did not find , suggest the identity of Samantha Dean 's killer remains very much a mystery to them , '' Myers in a statement . In March , Myers said authorities were `` desperately trying to blame someone . ''
Sources say the Austin Police Department placed Clark on restricted duty shortly after Dean 's death and currently have an open internal investigation into their connection with Dean .
`` APD will not discuss questions regarding specifics of the ongoing criminal investigation or the employment status of any members of the department , '' the department said Wednesday when asked if Clark was still on restricted duty .
It has been reported Clark knew Dean socially before their death on Feb. 4 . They were the victim service 's coordinator in Kyle . Bastrop County District Attorney tells KXAN Dean 's case is `` very much an ongoing investigation . ''
Myers also said prosecutors and police asked State District Court Judge Julie Kocurek to seal any returned search or arrest warrants in the case from public view `` for at least the next 30 days likely because the case is ongoing . ''
Notoriously corrupt and violent , the Ukrainian police are perhaps the last people you would expect to find stopping for selfies with the public .
But that is exactly what hundreds of new , attractive recruits have been told to do as part of their 'reformed service ' which launched today .
And it appears to be working , as the officers have become a viral hit since taking to the streets , with their selfies trending on Twitter and Facebook .
From Ukraine , with love : 2,000 new police officers have taken to the streets of Kiev today in an attempt to reform the country 's police force ( pictured , a female officer hands flowers to an injured man )
Photogenic police : Attractive new officers have been encouraged to take selfies with members of the public as part of a PR drive to win back trust , and the images have since gone viral
Ello , ello , ello : Interior Minister Arsen Avakov has been working to reform the police since a government survey revealed just 3 per cent of the public trusted them
Since the revolution which ousted Viktor Yanukovich last year , Ukraine has been desperately trying to restore trust in its police force .
A recent government poll showed just 3 per cent of Ukrainians trusted officers , while videos have circulated online showing traffic cops brazenly taking bribes from drivers they have stopped .
Worse still , large numbers of police were involved on the violent crackdown on protesters in Independence Square last year , shortly before Yanukovich was driven from power .
In the country 's east , which is largely controlled by pro-Russian gunmen as well as Russian troops operating off the radar , there have even been reports of corrupt officers helping Putin 's men to establish a foothold there .
In an attempt to turn things around , Interior Minister Arsen Avakov has been firing older officers by the thousand in order to bring in fresh blood .
Cheeky : Avakov has since replaced a total of 2,000 officers in Kiev alone , half of the city 's force , in the hopes of getting a fresh start
Happy : According to reports , the new cops have often left better paying jobs in order to join the police , driven instead by a genuine desire to make things better
It 's a hit : Images of the police posing with the public have since gone viral , with the new officers proving so popular one cafe in Kiev is offering them free hot drinks
In the southern region of Mykolaiv , widely touted as having one of the most corrupt forces in the country , they fired the local department in its entirety , turfing 300 police out of their jobs .
In the capital Kiev , which has debuted the new-look police force today , they cut the force in half , sacking and replacing 2,000 officers .
According to Bloomberg , the new officers - a quarter of whom are female - have often left better paid positions to work on the street , but are driven by the spirit of the recent revolution and a desire to make a difference .
Trained by U.S. and Canadian policing experts , their role is not just to keep the public safe , but to keep an eye on the 'traditional ' police as well .
Positive : While videos of traffic cops taking bribes used to be common in Ukraine , they have now been replaced with images such as this one
Saying hello : Ukraine 's leaders as well as the heads of Kiev 's police force wave to the camera in front of thousands of new recruits which have just joined the force
Kiev Mayor Vitali Klitschko , who is also a professional boxer , addresses new recruits as they take an oath before being allowed out on to the streets
Antin Mukharskiy , a well known TV personality in Ukraine , said a collection of older officers were shouting and swearing outside their window , before a new patrol arrived , the BBC reports .
They said : ' A patrol arrived in three minutes and traditional police officers started to disperse like elementary school students .
'When my wife thanked [ the new officers ] from the balcony , they replied : `` From now on , we will always take care of you . '' '
The new officers have proved so popular that , as well as taking pictures with the more attractive recruits , a cafe in central Kiev has announced it will be giving them free hot drinks .
Your message has been sent successfully
The far-right is surging throughout the West . Persistent economic crisis and unpopular austerity measures that gut social spending , in conjunction with the mass influx of refugees , have given rise to ultra-nationalist and even neo-fascist movements in Europe .
Racist , right-wing terror is exploding on the continent , and the climate of increasing xenophobia is fueling attacks on refugees who are fleeing Western-backed wars .
Advertisement :
In Germany , more than 1,100 attacks on refugee shelters and asylum-seekers were registered with the government in the first five months of 2016 .
On Friday , May 27 , police in Austria arrested a suspected neo-Nazi who allegedly threatened to massacre refugees seeking asylum in the country , AFP reported .
The 20-year-old suspected Nazi “ repeatedly told friends that they wanted to ‘ shoot dead all asylum-seekers with their shotgun ' at a refugee center , ” Upper Austria police said .
They also used neo-Nazi language and sent a friend text messages that included “ National Socialist ideology , ” they added .
Police raided their home and found several weapons and ammunition . They also found wartime Nazi memorabilia .
Less than a week before , on Sunday , May 22 , a man with neo-Nazi links went on a rampage at a concert in western Austria . They killed two people and injured 12 more before shooting himself .
Advertisement :
The shooter had previously been active in the fascist skinhead scene , and had several assault convictions and was banned from owning weapons . This previous attack did not appear to be linked to anti-refugee racism , but it is part of a larger explosion of extreme right-wing violence throughout the West .
Much of this violence is linked to anti-refugee sentiment .
In 2015 , Austria received approximately 90,000 asylum requests , the second highest per capita in the E.U .
Nearly 1 million refugees and migrants passed through Austria , however , on their way toward Germany and Scandinavia . Germany accepted more than 1 million refugees in 2015 alone .
Advertisement :
Most refugees are fleeing Western-backed wars in Syria , Iraq , Afghanistan , Libya and more .
This influx of refugees has helped fuel the rise of far-right movements like Austria 's Freedom Party and Germany 's Pegida movement .
The Freedom Party , which narrowly lost Austria 's presidential election in May , is historically linked to Nazis . And the Pegida movement , which began in Germany and has since spread throughout Europe , was founded by a man who dresses up like Hitler for fun .
Advertisement :
Anti-refugee violence is off the charts in Germany . German Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière warned on Monday that there has been a “ brutalization ” of society .
In the first five months of 2016 , 449 attacks on refugee shelters were registered , 82 of which were violent . Another 654 crimes against asylum-seekers were registered , 107 of which were violent .
In France , armed far-right militias attacked asylum-seekers in the Calais refugee camp . The refugees said police refused to stop the violence , and even carried out attacks of their own . The French government later ordered the destruction of the refugee camp .
Advertisement :
There have been similar surges in right-wing racist violence in Sweden , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Finland and more .
As far-right movements grow in Western political systems — with the Freedom Party in Austria and Pegida in Germany , along with the National Front in France , the English Defense League in the U.K. , Jobbik in Hungary , the Danish People 's Party in Denmark , the Party for Freedom in the Netherlands , Golden Dawn in Greece and the Republican Party under Donald Trump in the U.S. , with its concomitant paramilitaries operating on the border — right-wing extremists have been increasingly emboldened to carry out acts of terror , often with impunity .
It 's been more than eight years since the UConn community lost animal science professor Jerry Yang a few months shy of their 50th birthday , after a 10-year battle with cancer . But the Board of Trustees recently took a step to ensure that they will never be forgotten here on the Storrs campus .
Yang , whose full first name was Xiangzhong , was internationally known for their research in embryo transfer and biotechnology . They are best remembered for cloning Amy , a Holstein calf born at UConn in June 1999 , the first cloned farm animal in the United States .
The Board has approved the naming of the street that leads to the UConn Dairy Bar from Route 195 as Jerry Yang Road . That same road is the location of the Agricultural Biotechnology Laboratory , where Yang performed countless hours of research that brought international fame to the University .
The resolution to name the road was brought to the Trustees by Cameron Faustman , interim dean of the College of Agriculture , Health , and Natural Resources .
“ We have lots of awards and newspaper clips about Jerry at home , but this will last forever and is very visible , ” says Yang 's widow , Xiuchun ‘ Cindy ' Tian , a professor of biotechnology at UConn in the Department of Animal Science and the Stem Cell Institute .
Tian 's second-floor office in the Agricultural Biotechnology Laboratory overlooks the newly marked Jerry Yang Road .
“ So many children come to the Dairy Bar , and now they can ask ‘ Who was Jerry Yang ' , ” says Tian . “ Jerry would love that , because they encouraged young people to learn about the sciences and STEM , and for them to set big goals in their lives . ”
Yang was born and raised on a farm in the Chinese village of Dongcun , about 300 miles south of Beijing , and was subject to famine and constant hunger as a young boy . They came to the United States in 1983 on a national fellowship and earned their master 's and doctoral degrees from Cornell .
Tian met Yang in China , and they also received the same type of fellowship to study in the United States .
“ China was just opening up at that time , ” says Tian . “ Jerry and I met when a group of older students were meeting with us about scholarship opportunities from the Ministry of Agriculture to study outside the country . ”
They say Yang 's legacy as a successful scientist simply does not fully encapsulate who they are : “ Jerry was a humanitarian , a visionary , and a social activist . ”
During their time at UConn , they were very active working with the Chinese government in providing access to dairy products to the general population . Previously , dairy was only in the diets of the young and sick in China , and farmers did not have the proper resources . Through their writings to Chinese premier Wen Jiabao , farmers were able to receive high quality embryos and subsidies to improve the quality of dairy products in the country .
Family was extremely important to Yang , and their parents came to live with them and Tian for 12 years while they were at UConn .
“ In China , a man is expected to take care of their parents , and Jerry always remembered that , ” says Tian .
They had four siblings , three brothers and a sister , who have all earned advanced degrees . Their brother Eric earned a doctorate from Michigan State .
Yang and Tian 's son Andrew is now 29 years old , lives in Manchester , and works in robotics and computers after earning their undergraduate degree from Ithaca College . They are currently taking graduate classes at UConn .
Yang enjoyed life , was a fan of late-night card games , and had a soft spot for Jonathan 's Supreme at the Dairy Bar – a mixture of vanilla ice cream , peanut butter swirl , and chocolate covered peanuts – which is a favorite of Tian 's as well .
Yang faced some challenges during their time at UConn . In 1999 , just two years after arriving at the school , they were diagnosed with cancer of the salivary gland .
“ It was a shock at the beginning , but they dealt with their illness with so much courage , ” says Tian . “ He wanted to live life to the full , and was always thinking about their next project . Jerry achieved so much , even after their diagnosis . ”
Despite having difficulty eating and swallowing , they did not stop pursuing their research and sharing it with others . They eventually died from the disease on Feb. 5 , 2009 .
Yang is revered in their hometown in Hebei Province , China . Their likeness and that of their cloned cow have been carved into a stone wall in a park ; a statue of them has been placed in an elementary school ; and their childhood home is being renovated into a museum .
Buy Photo Louisville 's Brandon Radcliff avoids an an LSU defender during second half action in the Citrus Bowl . jan. 1 , 2017 . ( Photo : By Pat McDonogh / CJ ) Buy Photo
ORLANDO , Fla. - LSU 's defense shut down Heisman Trophy winner Lamar Jackson en route to a dominant performance , and Tigers running back Derrius Guice scored two touchdowns as No . 20 LSU handled No . 15 Louisville 29-9 on Saturday in the Buffalo Wild Wings Citrus Bowl .
Jackson was sacked eight times and limited to 153 yards passing ( 10-for-27 ) and 33 yards rushing as the Cards finished the season with three straight losses . They fumbled the ball away on their last carry .
The Cards had season lows with 220 total yards and 11 first downs and failed to score a touchdown for the first time this season . They converted 2 of 17 third-down tries .
`` We got beat by a good football team , '' U of L coach Bobby Petrino said . `` We knew coming in that they were very good on defense and in the front seven ( have ) guys that are big and strong and physical , and they 've got really good cover guys . I think we hurt ourselves early in the game with negative plays , either assignment errors or good pass rushes and not being able to get the ball out throw it away .
MORE U OF L COVERAGE
? Sullivan | LSU exposes holes in Louisville line
? Cards hit hard by defensive injuries
? Game Rewind | U of L falls to LSU in Citrus Bowl
? Jones | In the end , Cards good , not great
`` When you 're going backwards and you get behind the sticks , it 's really hard to make first downs against them . ''
Guice ran for 139 yards , including a 70-yard TD in the third quarter , as LSU ( 8-4 ) did n't appear to miss its other superstar running back , Leonard Fournette , who skipped the bowl to start prepping for the NFL draft . They also caught a 1-yard TD pass and powerfully knocked over U of L kicker Blanton Creque on a 50-yard kickoff return .
James Quick was a top performer for Louisville on a day it had few , making three catches for 81 yards .
The first half was a rough one for Louisville , which got two field goals by Creque but little else in trailing 16-6 at halftime .
The Cardinals punted on five of their eight series , and Jackson was sacked for a safety on another one . U of L managed just 57 total yards - 53 of them coming on a single completion from Jackson to James Quick that set up a field goal . Jackson was sacked five times in the half .
They completed only two passes in the first half , and ( with sacks included ) ran for negative-24 yards .
Creque 's 24-yard kick at the 7:14 mark of the first quarter gave U of L a 3-0 lead , but LSU went ahead on the first play of the second quarter when Danny Etling found tight end Colin Jeter for a 1-yard touchdown .
Etling threw another 1-yard TD pass to running back Derrius Guice .
Etling passed for 187 yards in the half , most of it going to top wide receiver Malachi Dupre , who had six catches for 136 yards before halftime . They 139 yards for the game .
The Cards were playing short-handed on defense .
Starting safety Josh Harvey-Clemons and starting cornerback Trumaine Washington both missed the games with injury , while backup corners Shaq Wiggins and Alphonso Carter also sat out . U of L was also without outside linebackers James Hearns , who 's a starter , and Henry Famurewa , who were injured in a shooting at an off-campus party this month .
LSU finished with a 35:38 advantage in time of possession , and Petrino said they believe the defense was forced to stay on the field too long because of the offense 's struggles .
`` I thought our defense competed hard , but we got worn down and worn out , '' the coach said . `` They had a big run there ( from Guice ) that really hurt us . ''
Pakistan 's Gun Markets August 6 , 2008
As I said in my Article about the Afghan Army to be equipped with M16s the tribal areas in Pakistan have a big weapon industry consisting of small workshops with kids building weapons with their bare hands . ( Just imagine all those child labour protesters going to some shack in Pakistan complaining to a bearded Pushtun about their work policies ) .
I found this video on youtube : In this documentary a reporter goes into the tribal areas – which is a pretty dangerous thing if you know what they do to reporters and foreigners they do n't like – and takes a look at a weapon bazaar in a Pakistani town . The guys running the market and the workshops are Pashtuns as the Taliban in Afghanistan . Their travel guide notes that `` The people of this area believe , 'Many sons and a lot of guns . ' '' The perfect ingredients for War .
Funny that the deaf and dumb guy actually fakes the Chinese : `` Made As China '' . So does anybody wonder why they were able to defeat so many great Armies ?
Advertisements
New York police have stormed Zuccotti Park , Manhattan , breaking up the celebration marking the six-month anniversary of the OWS movement . Mass arrests have been made . The peaceful rally had gathered almost 600 people to OWS ' founding spot .
New York police have stormed Zuccotti Park , Manhattan , breaking up the celebration marking the six-month anniversary of the OWS movement . Mass arrests have been made . The peaceful rally had gathered almost 600 people to OWS ' founding spot .
The NYPD has reported that 73 arrests were made after Saturday night 's demonstrations , but it remains unclear how many are still in custody . Police drafted in public buses to carry away the detained .
Police are now seeking a subpoena against an activist sympathizer who tweeted a death threat to the New York police on Saturday .
“ They wo n't make a difference if they do n't kill a cop or two , ” was tweeted about 11:40pm on Saturday .
Demonstrators held their ground there locking arms in solidarity as dozens of police swept through the downtown Manhattan Park .
Several people were injured in the police assault , with three women being taken away in ambulances from the scene .
Many demonstrators accused the police of being unnecessarily aggressive .
Twitter users reported broken jaws and thumbs and one man who had their head smashed into a window by police .
According to eyewitnesses , a woman suffering from a seizure was handcuffed by police and deprived of medical attention for several minutes .
“ It was a good 10 or 15 minutes before they got an ambulance . I thought , oh no , is this the moment when this woman is going to die right there ? ” demonstrator , Leslie Kauffman told news agency AFP .
The police were said to have been obstructing members of the press from entering the square “ for safety reasons . ”
New York City police announced Zuccotti Park had closed for the evening before moving through the excited and sometimes agitated protesters , who chanted and beat drums as they went .
New York Policeman Brian Sessa told the Associated Press that the police acted because the demonstrators had begun to break park rules .
`` They set up tents . They had sleeping bags , '' they said .
OWS Twitter channel reported that after the crackdown at Zuccotti Park , protesters moved on to Union Square where they were met by a large police presence .
Saturday 's police crackdown on OWS protesters marks the 6-month anniversary of the anti-capitalist movement since its inception last September in Zuccotti Park . The group gathered significant momentum in the subsequent months , giving rising to copy-cat groups across the US and in major cities around the world .
The Occupy movement suffered a significant blow in November when a police crackdown dislodged the group 's main encampment at Zuccotti Park , arresting some 200 hundred people in the process .
The group 's existence has been dogged by widespread reports of police brutality being used to disperse protesters .
Before arriving at Zuccotti Park , protesters had marched on nearby Wall Street , resulting in another unspecified number of arrests .
embed video
OWS activists celebrate the six-month anniversary of the anti-capitalist movement . The video was uploaded to YouTube by artamo32 on 17 Mar 2012 OWS activists celebrate the six-month anniversary of the anti-capitalist movement . The video was uploaded to YouTube by artamo32 on 17 Mar 2012
NYPD officers clash with members of the Occupy Wall St movement at Zuccotti park in New York ( REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz ) NYPD officers clash with members of the Occupy Wall St movement at Zuccotti park in New York ( REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz )
REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
On Wednesday , former Congressman Fred Grandy ( R-Iowa ) , best known for their role as “ Gopher ” on Love Boat , officially endorsed Newt Gingrich for the GOP presidential nomination . As Grandy told the Sioux City Journal , “ [ Gingrich ] is the only guy that I see who is offering real leadership positions on these critical issues , whether you 're talking about foreign policy , or economic policy or cultural policy. ” Newt , for one , was thrilled , tweeting that they were “ honored ” to have Grandy 's endorsement .
As a former conservative member of congress , Grandy 's support could be an asset for Gingrich . But it should also give them pause . Since leaving the House , Grandy has reinvented themselves as an anti-Islam activist , delivering dire warnings of the threat of what they call “ galloping Shariah ” law . At a tea party event in Maryland in October , Grandy warned that Occupy Wall Street was being propped up by the Council American Islamic Relations—which , according to Grandy , is in turn a front for the Muslim Brotherhood . Is # OWS part of an Islamist plot to take over the United States ? In the eyes of Gingrich 's newest endorser it is .
Grandy 's pet issue is the perceived creep of Islamic law into American courts—in October , they wrote that there had been “ attempts in 23 states to use shariah law either in trial or appellate cases. ” After losing their job as a talk radio host in March ( in part because their wife , who co-hosted the show , had warned that the government had been infiltrated by “ Shariah-compliant ” officials ) , Grandy embarked on a “ Shariah Awareness Tour , ” culminating in a appearance at the national Constitution or Sharia Conference in Nashville last month .
Of course , in linking Occupy Wall Street to Islamists , Grandy is only marginally more out-there than the man he 's supporting for President . Gingrich , as we 've reported previously , has gone from courting Muslim leaders in 2001 to filming documentaries about the threat of stealth jihad . In 2010 , they called for a ban on Shariah law in the United States .
Robert B. Weide and Woody Allen . Photo illustration by Lisa Larson-Walker . Photos by Getty Images .
On Jan. 27 in the Daily Beast , Robert Weide , director of the two-part PBS special Woody Allen : A Documentary , wrote a 5,600-word defense of Allen against allegations that they molested their 7-year-old daughter Dylan Farrow in 1992 . A few days later , Dylan , now 28 , published their own account of the alleged molestation in the New York Times . Dylan 's open letter convulsed the Internet , forcing Allen 's defenders to confront the public statements of an adult woman who says , with no caveats , that they were sexually assaulted by their father .
In the aftermath of Dylan 's essay , Weide 's Allen apologia seemed , at best , embarrassingly timed . At least , that 's what I assumed everyone who had read the Daily Beast piece would think . But very many people did not agree .
New York Times reporter Steven Greenhouse , sharing Weide 's article on Feb. 2 , said that it “ raises serious questions about Dylan 's allegations of sexual abuse. ” The following day , no less than the Times ' public editor , Margaret Sullivan , linked to Weide 's piece and wrote , “ I urge those who have not yet done so to read Mr. Weide 's illuminating article . It provides essential context. ” Also on Feb. 3 , tech-journalism superstar Kara Swisher tweeted Weide 's article to their 930,000 followers , calling it “ the counter ” to Dylan 's letter . And on that same day , Michael Wolff praised Weide 's piece as “ detailed and powerful ” in an unhinged Guardian column that hypothesized that the “ rehashed scandal ” was being revived in the public memory to raise the public profile of Allen 's ex-partner Mia Farrow and their son , Ronan , both of whom made public statements in support of Dylan after Allen was honored at last month 's Golden Globes ceremony . ( Weide worked on the celebratory montage of Allen 's films for the broadcast . )
Given all the accolades , is Weide 's Daily Beast piece actually “ detailed and powerful ” ? It is certainly detailed . And yes , it 's powerful , in its own way . Weide 's long essay is full of sleazy innuendo , bad-faith posturing , and passive-aggressive self-promotion . Like the recent Grantland piece “ Dr . V 's Magical Putter , ” one wonders—one hopes , actually—that smart people have been sharing the article approvingly because it was long and seemed interesting , not because they 'd actually read it .
The first thing you need to know is that this is what Robert Weide 's Twitter profile looks like .
Screenshot via BobWeide/Twitter
How can we possibly trust a young woman 's firsthand account when we 've got this fellow to patiently explain the situation to us ?
Now let 's turn to the article itself , which promises a “ closer examination ” of charges that Allen molested their daughter . Here are some highlights from its first 1,800 words :
Weide uses Dylan 's current name , though they prefer to keep it private . Later , when called out for this on Twitter , Weide justified the choice by digging up a 1 ½-year-old tweet from Mia Farrow that referred to Dylan by their current name .
Weide clarifies that Farrow 's daughter Soon-Yi Previn , whose affair with Allen when they were 19 pulverized the Allen-Farrow household , was in no way like a family member to Allen , despite the fact that they were their children 's sister and their longtime partner 's daughter .
Weide quotes Ronan Farrow 's famous condemnation of Allen— “ He 's my father married to my sister . That makes me their son and their brother-in-law . That is such a moral transgression ” —and then adds : “ However , this particular dilemma might be resolved by Mia 's recent revelations that Ronan 's biological father may ‘ possibly ' be Frank Sinatra , whom Farrow married in 1966 , when they were 21 and the crooner was 50. ” This passage does n't track—it 's not clear if the “ particular dilemma ” is the Woody/Soon-Yi relationship or Ronan 's feelings toward it . But the upshot is that if Farrow did indeed sleep around , then that 's a lucky break for Ronan , who can rest easy about the whole Soon-Yi situation .
Weide then spends two more paragraphs auditing Mia Farrow 's sexual history . Alleged victims of sexual assault are commonly subjected to such scrutiny , but when we 're dealing with a 7-year-old , it seems their mother will serve just fine by proxy .
All of that is just an appetizer . It 's when Weide finally arrives at their ostensible subject—unpacking the child-molestation accusations—that the piece becomes most noxious .
Here is Dylan Farrow 's account of the events of Aug. 4 , 1992 , in their mother 's Connecticut home , called Frog Hollow , as it appeared in the Times :
When I was seven years old , Woody Allen took me by the hand and led me into a dim , closet-like attic on the second floor of our house . They told me to lay on my stomach and play with my brother 's electric train set . Then they sexually assaulted me .
And here is Weide 's :
During an unsupervised moment , Woody allegedly took Dylan into the attic and , shall we say , “ touched them inappropriately . ”
The “ shall we say ” is the worst rhetorical crime in a piece brimming with them , glibly framing an unconscionable act as a bit of innuendo . It 's the skeleton key to the entire article 's sneering cluelessness .
What 's most galling about Weide 's writing is its preening faux-gentility . They adopt the pose of a gentleman who is above the fray . They are “ not here to slam Mia , ” who is “ an exceptional actor. ” They are not “ blaming the victim , ” Weide insists . They are “ merely floating scenarios to consider . ”
The scenarios that they floats are thinly veiled smears , not-quite accusations that Weide shovels in at regular intervals . I 'm not saying that Mia and Dylan Farrow are liars , they insist throughout the piece , but if you come to that conclusion then I would n't disagree .
Here is a representative passage :
Much is made by Mia 's supporters over the fact that the investigative team destroyed their collective notes prior to their submission of the report . Also , the three doctors who made up the team did not testify in court , other than through the sworn deposition of team leader Leventhal . I have no idea if this is common practice or highly unusual . I wo n't wager a guess as to what was behind the destruction of the notes any more than I 'll claim to know why Mia stopped and started their video camera while filming their daughter 's recollections over a few days , or who was alleged to have leaked the tape of Dylan to others , or why Mia would n't take a lie detector test . ( Woody took one and passed . )
Given one data point that points to Allen 's guilt , Weide will offer up three more that imply their innocence . They do n't follow through on these insinuations , and constantly pleads ignorance on their significance , and that 's fine by him . Their rhetorical aim is to cast doubt .
Weide spends the middle section of the essay cherry-picking the strikes in Allen 's favor : a Farrow household nanny 's doubts that Allen did anything wrong without any reference to the other childcare providers who had deep suspicions ; the Yale–New Haven Hospital investigative team 's conclusion that Dylan likely had not been molested ; an early inconsistency in the 7-year-old 's testimony ; the Connecticut state attorney 's office 's decision not to press charges against Allen .
This accounting of evidence will not be unfamiliar to those who have followed the case . The one bit of new information is this bizarre bury-the-lede aside about Dylan 's older brother , Moses .
Moses Farrow , now 36 , and an accomplished photographer , has been estranged from Mia for several years . During a recent conversation , they spoke of “ finally seeing the reality ” of Frog Hollow and used the term “ brainwashing ” without hesitation . They recently reestablished contact with Allen and is currently enjoying a renewed relationship with them and Soon-Yi .
It 's not clear that the “ recent conversation ” is with Weide or someone else , but if Weide did conduct an interview with Moses , that 's huge . Allen and Farrow 's oldest child , Moses has been conspicuous in their absence from the renewed controversy ; they were a central figure in Allen and Farrow 's epic 1990s custody battle , when the teenager refused to see their father . In a 1994 decision , the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court of the State of New York , discussing Allen 's continued relationship with Soon-Yi , cited “ the obvious ill effects it has had on all of the children and the especially profound effects it has had on Moses . ”
If Moses has indeed cut off contact with their mother , reconciled with their father and sister/stepmother , and is talking to Weide about it , then it 's extremely puzzling that Weide chooses to quote Moses using a grand total of five words ' worth of sentence fragments . It 's one of many moments in the Daily Beast piece where the lack of editorial judgment is glaring . Update , Feb. 5 , 2014 : In a piece published online on Wednesday , Moses Farrow spoke with People magazine at greater length to defend their father against the molestation allegations , which they described as false . “ My mother drummed it into me to hate my father for tearing apart the family and sexually molesting my sister , ” they told People . “ I see now that this was a vengeful way to pay them back for falling in love with Soon-Yi. ” Moses Farrow also stated , “ Of course Woody did not molest my sister. ” Also in People , Dylan Farrow responded to their brother 's comments : “ My memories are the truth and they are mine and I will live with that for the rest of my life . ”
The last third of the piece is in keeping with the first third : not a “ closer examination ” of the molestation accusations but a grab bag of tendentiousness and disingenuity masquerading as “ context. ” Weide 's got cutesy anecdotes about Allen 's teenage daughters , the ones they adopted with Soon-Yi Previn . They remind us yet again that Ronan Farrow may not be Allen 's biological son , which for Weide is a twofer : a proof of their mother 's licentiousness and , bizarrely , a pretext for excusing their father 's sexual relationship with Ronan 's sister .
In fact , the real subject of Weide 's piece is n't Dylan Farrow or even their main man Woody Allen . It 's what Weide sees as Mia Farrow 's hypocrisy . She 's a hypocrite because she 's friends with convicted rapist Roman Polanski . She 's a hypocrite because their brother is a convicted child molester— “ a more mischievous part of me , ” Weide writes , wanted to tweet about Mia 's brother 's abuse of children during the Golden Globes . She 's a hypocrite because they approved a clip from The Purple Rose of Cairo for Allen 's Golden Globes tribute , and then publicly complained about the tribute . “ This woman needs to get over herself , ” Weide writes of Mia Farrow .
And is n't that the wish of all of Woody Allen 's defenders , that these women would just get over themselves ? ( Stephen King , for one , tweeted that Dylan 's letter smacked of “ palpable bitchery. ” ) Weide 's piece performs a neat substitution of Mia for Dylan , performing a greasy character assassination of the mother as if it could dismantle the daughter 's claims . That Dylan has now spoken for herself—in their own words , standing 100 percent behind the story they told over and over and over again to a team of investigators 21 years ago—should grind Weide 's piece to dust .
That 's not how Weide sees it . In an editor 's note appended to the bottom of their piece , they write :
This continues to be a very sad story from every angle . I can only say I found nothing in Dylan 's letter that has n't previously been alleged in the two previous Vanity Fair articles , which I 've already addressed . I also see nothing that contradicts what I wrote for The Daily Beast . If I wrote it today , it would be exactly the same piece . As I 've already stated in my article , I hope they find closure , and I sincerely wish them all the happiness and peace she 's been looking for .
It 's not surprising that Woody Allen 's No . 1 fanboy continues to go to the mat for their hero . It is surprising that so many respected journalists continue to line up behind Robert Weide , insisting that their voice should be at least as loud as Dylan Farrow 's . That 's exactly what Weide wants : When their voices are equal , they cancel each other out , and there 's nothing left to hear .
During Sunday 's Oscars telecast , as American ads celebrated young creativity and unity in times of division , one campaign running in Canada took a different tack .
In a spot starring transgender actor Joslyn DeFreece , Toronto-based home and auto insurance company Sonnet took a “ glass half full ” approach to whatever challenges may disrupt the key events of one 's life .
In this case , those glasses are half full of precipitation . As one particularly timeless Canadian meditation on uncertainty and resilience put it , “ It 's like rain on your wedding day . ”
No black flies in the chardonnay this time , though . It did n't even leave the bottle .
The point , of course , is that a little downpour wo n't stop this bride from enjoying their moment … and a great insurance plan can ease the stresses of such ultimately minor incidents . As DeFreece themselves puts it in the ad , “ all this stuff is just stuff ” that pales in comparison to the experience itself .
“ We wanted to show the purest story of optimism that we could—one that shows how people can overcome any situation in life when the most valuable thing they have is protected : their optimism , ” say associate creative directors Joaquin Lynch Garay and Federico Munichor , who led the effort at Sonnet 's lead creative agency Johannes Leonardo .
The spot , which ran in selected regions prior to Warren Beatty 's big moment on Sunday night , is the latest in an ongoing campaign by the New York agency , which launched the optimism-themed campaign last September with a little help from one Michael J . Fox . Earlier this month , the animated short “ Balloon ” continued the campaign , encouraging viewers to always look on the bright side of life by asking themselves , “ What 's the best that can happen ? ”
“ Since our launch in September , Sonnet has been sharing stories of optimism from different perspectives , ” says client vp of marketing John Rocco , adding , “ ‘ Bride ' extends our platform of optimism to a new and rich territory that demonstrates how optimism is a central human truth that people should protect. ” “ This spot is an important message for Sonnet to demonstrate that we are a company for all Canadians , ” Rocco continues . “ I feel very proud of this film and what it will contribute to an already vibrant conversation of inclusion and diversity happening in Canada right now. ” In an interview on Sonnet 's website , DeFreece sums up the project 's emotional appeal : “ One of the most beautiful parts of this project is the emphasis that is put on knowing oneself and persevering through the face of adversity . My inherent optimism and romantic conception of life have carried me through some pretty rough times . To me , this piece is not about a person who is overjoyed about a wedding day ; it is about a person who is overjoyed by the love they have for herself. ” CREDITS
Client : Sonnet
Title : Bride Senior Vice President , Chief Marketing Officer : Michael Shostak
Vice President , Marketing : John Rocco
Director , Brand Marketing & Sponsorships : Keshia Khan , Melissa Scheglov
Manager , Marketing : Meghan Macphee Agency : Johannes Leonardo
Chief Creative Officer : Jan Jacobs
Chief Creative Officer : Leo Premutico
Creative Director : Mike Blanch
Associate Creative Director : Omid Amidi
Associate Creative Director : Federico Munichor
Associate Creative Director : Joaquin Lynch
Copywriter : Jeph Burton
Head of Integrated Production : Dana May
Executive Producer : Anthony Migliaccio
Senior Producer : Verity Bullard
Head of Account Management : Emily Wilcox
Account Supervisor : Kate Naylor
Account Executive : Charles Christie
Head of Strategy : Mark Aronson
Strategist : Georgia Lindsay
Senior Business Affairs Manager : Ann Marie Turbitt Production Company : Pretty Bird
Director : Matt Lambert
Co-Founder/Executive Producer : Kerstin Emhoff
Head of Production : Earl McDaniel
Line Producer : Julie Lee
Director of Photography : Polly Morgan
Production Designer : Rene Vas Editorial : Final Cut
Editor : JD Smyth
Assistant Editor : Geoff Hastings
Executive Producer : Sarah Roebuck
Head of Production : Jen Sienkwicz
Producer : Penny Ensley Continue Reading
The U.S. is no longer accepting the `` huddled masses yearning to breathe free , '' at least for the next three months , from certain Muslim-majority nations deemed `` nations of concern . ''
Trump signed an executive order Friday banning refugees and freezing Visas for people from Iraq , Syria , Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen .
The order wo n't impact diplomats , government officials or employees of North Atlantic Treaty Organization , but there are already reports of refugees headed to the U.S. being turned around , students blocked from flying to the U.S. to attend college and an Iraqi interpreter who spent a decade working with the U.S. Army stopped from entering the country .
`` Everybody is disappointed , '' Hameed Murshed , a Yemeni shopkeeper who lives in Hamtramck , said on Friday when rumors of the order loomed . `` I know you 've got to play it safe with the war going on overseas , you do n't want somebody coming over and doing something stupid , but at the same time , 99 percent of the people just want to live in safety .
`` ... The main thing to living in this world is being safe , and the Middle East is bad . That 's all we want to do . ''
They say it will impact `` every single person in Hamtramck , '' because it could fracture families with relatives and friends still trying to get to the U.S .
According to the order , Trump is requesting Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly , a former Marine , conduct analysis of immigration policy from those countries to determine how to improve the procedure and ensure terrorists do n't enter the U.S. A 90-day timeline is set for the process .
In the meantime , some Detroit-area residents are angry with the move and are planning protests . There are demonstrations set for 3 p.m. Sunday in Hamtramck and at 4 p.m. Sunday outside the Detroit Metro Airport McNamara Terminal .
Some of the nation 's largest concentrations of immigrant populations live in Michigan , which also accepted the fourth most refugees in 2016 , according the U.S. State Department .
The nation took notice last year when Hamtramck , a one-time destination for Europeans and now for Bangladeshi and Yemeni immigrants , became the first known city with a Muslim majority city council . Dearborn also has a significant Arab immigrant population .
Washington Post : Hamtramck residents 'profoundly unsettled ' by large Muslim population Hamtramck residents 'profoundly unsettled ' by large Muslim population , Washington Post claims
Maria Martinez , 4 of Detroit , holds onto an American flag during Michigan United 's press conference at its Detroit headquarters Thursday , Jan. 26 , 2017 . The group of about 40 advocates and immigrants called for protection of immigrant and muslim community members after recent comments and actions made by Pres . Donald Trump . ( Tanya Moutzalias | MLive Detroit )
`` In order to protect Americans , the United States must ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles , '' Trump 's order reads . `` The United States can not , and should not , admit those who do not support the Constitution , or those who would place violent ideologies over American law .
`` In addition , the United States should not admit those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred ... or those who would oppress Americans of any race , gender , or sexual orientation . ''
The immigration ban order is not the yest listed on the White House website , but the full text is available here .
Trump has been quickly following through with campaign promises , which also included commencing the construction of a wall on the Mexican border that some estimate could cost as much as $ 20 billion . Trump also ordered the building of more detention centers and the hiring of 15,000 border and immigration officers .
The car had been abandoned just yards from Notre Dame , located on the Île de la Cité , by the river Seine .
The first couple , a man aged 34 and a woman aged 29 , were arrested on a motorway lay-by near Orange , southern France . The pair were being questioned by French domestic intelligence agents who can hold them for 96 hours without charges under French anti-terror laws .
The second pair was picked up near Montargis , about 110 kilometres south of Paris .
The daughter of the car 's owner , described by their father as being radicalised , is also wanted for questioning , police said .
Police were alerted to the car when a resident rang in to say a vehicle had been poorly parked at 43 rue de la Bûcherie in the 5th arrondissement with its headlights on .
Although unmarked , investigators quickly traced the car to its owner , who Reuters reported is on a French list of potential terror suspects and `` has been identified , arrested and placed in custody '' .
`` We think that this person was conducting a test , '' one police source told Reuters . `` The fact that there was no detonating device linked to the gas tanks and that the warning lights were left on are as if they were trying to attract attention . ''
Bernard Cazeneuve , the interior minister , declined to comment specifically on the arrest . But they said praised the `` extreme vigilance '' of police and intelligence who are working `` with an unrivaled intensity '' in the context of `` an extremely high threat '' .
`` Since the start of the year , we have arrested 260 people , most of them incarcerated , a significant number of whom were preparing attacks that could have led to tragedies , '' said the minister .
But Florence Berthout , centre-Right mayor of Paris ' 5th arrondissement , said they had been informed on Monday that the vehicle had `` remained stationary for almost two hours '' despite being in a zone where parking is `` forbidden '' .
`` We have security forces who are tired and who do n't have the power of ubiquity . We need to boost the numbers ( in such ) highly highly-frequented historic districts , '' they said .
Paris has been high terror alert since the November 13 attacks in which 130 people were killed and French intelligence services have been warning for months about the threat of car bombings .
First Lady Michelle Obama with their daughters Malia Obama and Sasha Obama , mother Marian Robinson visit Chengdu No.7 High School on March 25 , 2014 in Chengdu , China . Michelle Obama 's one-week-long visit in China will be focused on educational and cultural exchanges . Michelle Obama on Saturday criticized the kidnapping of scores of Nigerian schoolgirls as an `` unconscionable act '' carried out by a terrorist group they said is determined to keep them from getting an education — `` or grown men attempting to snuff out the aspirations of young girls . '' ( credit : Feng Li/Getty Images )
TOPEKA , Kan. ( CBSDC/AP ) — A Kansas high school senior has launched a petition drive urging school officials to rethink their decision to have first lady Michelle Obama speak at graduation next month in Topeka .
Taylor Gifford started the drive Thursday evening after concerns were raised by students and parents that Obama 's visit would alter graduation plans , including limiting seating for family and friends .
“ I 'm the oldest of eight , ” Gifford told The Topeka Capital-Journal . “ These are people that have watched me grow up and become the person I am . ”
The school district announced Thursday that the first lady would speak at a ceremony May 17 , the 60th anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court 's Brown v. Board of Education decision that made school segregation unconstitutional .
Topeka school officials plan to combine graduation ceremonies and hold them in an 8,000-seat arena .
Parents claim they were told that they would only be getting four tickets for the graduation ceremony .
“ Four has been talked about , but that could change , ” Topeka Unified School District 501 spokesperson told Ron Harbaugh told The Capital-Journal .
Parent Tina Hernandez says they are “ crushed ” about the school limiting tickets because of the first lady 's appearance .
“ This is not fair , what it 's doing , ” they told The Capital-Journal . “ My son is more important than Michelle Obama . ”
Gifford says Friday she 's excited about Obama speaking , but hopes concerns about the ceremony can be addressed .
But now there is no direction at all . Mr Turnbull was expected to make their feelings known during a bilateral meeting already scheduled with Mr Trudeau at APEC . Late FRiday night , Trade Ministers reconvened to seek a `` please explain '' from Canada and see f there was a path forward .
It was not immediately clear why Canada baulked but it had been expressing concern throughout talks that it wanted a good deal , not a rushed deal . It had already secured time to further discuss cultural exemptions for French language issues . It also had concerns about intellectual property .
But the deal was a virtual certainty , so much so that after the Trade Ministers agreed , and moments before the leaders met on Friday evening , it was announced to media as a done deal that was only to be ratified by the leaders . But when the leaders arrived , Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was holding a crisis talks with Mr Trudeau in another room .
Mr Abe then told the other leaders Mr Trudeau had baulked and the meeting was called off . Other nations there were Australia , New Zealand , Singapore , Brunei , Malaysia , Chile , Peru , Mexico and Vietnam .
AAP
Australia , Japan and others who pushed hard on the TPP are livid with Canada . Mr Ciobo tried to be diplomatic ,
`` It is of course disappointing that this has happened , we had a very good deal , we were hopeful that we were able to build on , '' they said .
`` There is of course still , opportunity for us to continue discussion to try and work our way through the last remaining issues that Canada raised but at this point in time it would appear that at the request of Canada we were not able to achieve a resolution today . ''
Advertisement
`` We continue to be optimistic . This is a very good deal .
`` This is not the first time the TPP has faced some challenges . ''
There will be no more negotiations at APEC and there is no indication of if , or when , they will be revived .
The TPP-11 was designed to remain open to the US returning , something Mr Turnbull acknowledged was unlikely while Mr Trump was president .
`` I do n't think it 's a lost cause at all but I do n't see President Trump taking a different approach to the TPP any time soon . I am being realistic , '' they said .
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks during a meeting with President Donald Trump in the Oval Office of the White House , Wednesday , Oct. 11 , 2017 , in Washington . ( AP Photo/Evan Vucci ) Evan Vucci
Other nations had issues they wanted to resolve but , unlike Canada , believed that could be done down the track , after agreement was reached .
Advertisement
Vietnam , a developing country , wanted an extension on a requirement to improve labour standards . Malaysia had concerns about State-Owned Enterprises and minor-market access issues .
The deal collapsed just as Mr Trump , who has eschewed multilateral trade deals , took the stage at their first APEC to speak on their vision for a `` free and open Indo-Pacific region '' . They hammered China for its unfair trade practices including intellectual property theft , currency manipulation , failure to comply with World Trade Organisation rules , and the use of state-owned enterprises to force private companies out of business .
Mr Trump said the US was ready to make a bilateral deal with any country in the Indo-Pacific region , but only on the basis of `` mutual respect and mutual benefit '' . They said the US would not be taken advantage of any more .
Unlike some other TPP nations , Australia is not disadvantaged by the absence of the US because it has a separate bi-lateral free trade agreement with America .
A study by the Peterson Institute for International Economics found TPP-11 would boost Australia 's national income by 0.5 per cent and boost exports by 4 per cent , just less than the respective boosts of 0.6 per cent and 4.9 per cent from the original TPP .
Furthermore , conditions the US negotiated when it was part of the TPP would be suspended under TPP-11 and the US would have to renegotiate them if it wants back in .
Critically for Australia , this included extending the monopoly on drug production for US pharmaceutical giants which , according to one study , could have cost the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme $ 560 million .
Under the TPP-11 , Australia would have had new trade agreements with Canada and Mexico , and expanded access to the markets of Japan , Chile , Singapore , Malaysia , Vietnam and Brunei with which it already has bilateral free trade agreements .
Advertisement
This includes new reductions in Japan 's tariffs on Australian beef and new access for dairy products into Japan , Canada and Mexico , including the elimination of a range of cheese tariffs into Japan .
The ACTU opposed the original TPP and the TPP-11 , claiming it could cost 39,000 Australian jobs .
`` The deal opens up the Australian labour market to unlimited numbers of temporary workers from Canada , Mexico , Chile , Japan , Malaysia and Vietnam as contractual service providers in a wide range of jobs including nurses , engineers , electricians , plumbers , carpenters , bricklayers , tilers , mechanics and chefs , '' the ACTU said ..
Mr Turnbull , whose signature message at APEC is to resist protectionism , is arguing that trade generates wealth and employment .
On Friday , they signed an FTA with Peru .
`` There is a lot of progress going on , on the free trade and open markets front . It 's absolutely fundamental to our future , '' they said .
Butch never had a chance .
This Boston Terrier , sadly , ended up with an owner who did n't really want him . After a couple of fails with a shock collar , this owner cast Butch aside . For two and a half years , this pup was outside as a neighborhood dog in Pinson . They ate garbage . They were occasionally fed by neighbors . They scrounged . But nobody took them in . Nobody alerted animal control . They just are .
And a week before Thanksgiving , Butch was found in a yard , struggling to draw a breath . They were a very sick dog .
Alicia Buzbee and their daughter Kansas Humphrey came to the rescue . They lived in another neighborhood in Pinson , but they took the battered Boston in , had them vetted and contacted Birmingham Boston Terrier Rescue , which took the dog immediately .
After the Boston Terrier Rescue 's vet examined Butch , the news was n't good . Butch had very little lung capacity . Their trachea was leaking . Their heart swollen . There was nothing the docs could do , and Butch reluctantly was scheduled for a humane euthanasia . Except Alicia and Kansas wanted to give Butch some good days . The best days of their short life . A last Thanksgiving .
So the euthanasia was put off for a few days , and during those few days , Alicia and Kansas gave Butch the life they always deserved . And Butch rallied . They did n't struggle to breathe . They ate hamburgers . They ate pumpkin pie . They played with toys and slept glommed to Kansas . They lived , like they had never lived before .
Animals
About the writer
Read more
And then last Friday , at about noon , they fell off the cliff .
Once again , they struggled to breathe . They were in pain . And nothing Alicia did worked . They sent for oxygen , but Butch 's lungs had no lung capacity . Their neck bulged from the leaking trach .
Alicia was devastated . Butch had been given a reprieve . But the love , as much as there was , could n't stop the inevitable . Butch was doomed by an owner who gave up on him . They were neglected for years . They were sentenced to death .
`` Boston Terriers are n't supposed to be outside dogs at all , '' said Buzbee . Yet , Butch had been outside for more than two years , even during last year 's hard freeze and snow . `` We 're not sure how old they are . I figured if he 's been roaming for 2 1/2 years , Butch may be four or five , if that . They look old because he 's been living on the street , and they have n't had the care they deserve . ''
Butch 's prognosis was n't good . Buzbee took them to their vet , who gave Butch some steroids to help their breathing . Then , Birmingham Boston Terrier Rescue stepped in and took them to their regular veterinarians .
`` There was no lung capacity on their X-rays , '' said a spokesperson for the veterinary clinic .
`` It 's not a matter of money , '' said Donna Farmer , president of Birmingham Boston Terrier Rescue . `` If we could do anything , we would . It 's not like we rushed into anything . We could see they were physically suffering . ''
Still , when Butch rallied , the euthanasia was called off . Butch did well for a couple days . They had treats , presents , visits , hugs , love . Love like he 'd never received before .
But it was too late .
Even so , Buzbee and their daughter Kansas gave Butch some happy days . In a week , this Boston Terrier had more care and love than he 'd received their entire life . There was a party . When I first met Butch , they were scarfing down a Jack 's cheeseburger . They had pumpkin pie . And on Thanksgiving , they enjoyed love with Buzbee 's family and friends .
They were doing fine Friday morning . But at about noon , Butch 's breathing issues returned . Their enlarged heart could n't pump enough blood into their system to keep them from panic or fear . No matter how much love they had .
`` Before they go , I want them to look into my eyes , and I want to look into their eyes , and I want to whisper , I love you . I love you . I love you , '' Buzbee said . `` I want them to hear those words and to see those faces of the people who love him .
`` I do n't want them to suffer , and I know they are , '' Buzbee added . `` But I feel like he 's got hope in them because he 's feeling love . The heart can do so many things when it gets what it needs . ''
It can , for sure , but not this time . This time , neglect caught up with Butch . The little pup was broken . Despite all the care Buzbee and Kansas gave him , they were too far gone .
And so on Saturday , at about noon , Butch crossed the Rainbow Bridge , a peaceful parting , surrounded by the people who love him .
Butch is gone . Their spirit lives on .
Quote : DChord568 Originally Posted by Though oddly , in guitar chord notation , an A with a G note added to it would simply be called an A7 . Whereas an A with a G # added to it would be known as an Amaj7 .
I 've never quite figured out why the terminology differs . Guitar notation does n't really speak of flatted 7ths ... just 7ths or major 7ths .
The short answer : `` seventh '' ( as in adding a fourth note to a triad ) is different than `` seven '' ( as in a chord whose root is a certain distance away from the tonic ) .
In either case , there are two possibilities : use the tenth semi-tone on the scale , or use the eleventh semi-tone .
For historical reasons , when talking about `` sevenths , '' we often consider the tenth semitone to be `` standard '' ( say , B flat for the key of C , to make a bluesy C7 chord ) , and so have to use a special name to refer to the eleventh semitone ( `` major seventh '' ) .
Also for historical reasons , when talking about `` sevens , '' we do the opposite : this time , it 's the eleventh semitone that 's usually `` standard . '' So , again for example in C , it 's a B chord that 's a plain `` seven , '' while the B-flat chord gets the special name - `` flat ( ted ) seven '' -- as pulykamell pointed out , the second chord of the `` Hey Jude '' coda plus a thousand other songs . This was answered already ... but I have to point out that this was the subject of one of the few threads I 've ever started . The short answer : `` seventh '' ( as in adding a fourth note to a triad ) is different than `` seven '' ( as in a chord whose root is a certain distance away from the tonic ) .In either case , there are two possibilities : use the tenth semi-tone on the scale , or use the eleventh semi-tone.For historical reasons , when talking about `` sevenths , '' we often consider the tenth semitone to be `` standard '' ( say , B flat for the key of C , to make a bluesy C7 chord ) , and so have to use a special name to refer to the eleventh semitone ( `` major seventh '' ) .Also for historical reasons , when talking about `` sevens , '' we do the opposite : this time , it 's the eleventh semitone that 's usually `` standard . '' So , again for example in C , it 's a B chord that 's a plain `` seven , '' while the B-flat chord gets the special name - `` flat ( ted ) seven '' -- as pulykamell pointed out , the second chord of the `` Hey Jude '' coda plus a thousand other songs . Last edited by JKellyMap ; 09-10-2014 at 06:49 AM . Reply With Quote
Hiko : `` I ca n't really be picky anymore ''
With Skadoodle leaving Hiko 's roster , Hiko took to Twitch to discuss their previous roster , what went wrong , and their future plans .
`` My plan was to have a team that could compete instantly and would n't have to take time to develop players , '' Spencer `` Hiko '' Martin , former star player of Cloud9 , said on a Twitch stream . `` I still have a few years left . Maybe it was naive to think I had to join a team that could compete instantly . ''
Hiko building a roster with NA 's top talent has been CSGO 's worst kept secret in 2015 , but until now we did n't have confirmation of who would be joining him . Hiko 's roster contained former iBuyPower AWPer Tyler `` Skadoodle '' Latham along with Team Liquid 's Fugly , Adren , and Nitr0 . However , things went south when Hiko insisted on Liquid 's players joining them at a new team instead of Skadoodle and Hiko joining Team Liquid ( replacing daps and EliGE ) .
There are no details on whom the planned organization were but they confirmed it was n't EG as some suspected .
`` At the end of the day , Ska got a huge offer and took it . Ca n't blame them for that , '' Hiko said , repeatedly stating there is no bad blood between the two .
Hiko would n't disclose the amount Skadoodle accepted but Hiko stated they were offered a similiar deal but turned it down . However , Hiko is still open to potentially joining Cloud9 in the future if specfic terms are made .
`` Me not wanting to join Cloud9 is not against the players , '' Hiko said . `` It 's a possability in the future that me and Jordan can work again . Things would have to change . The environment would have to change a lot . ''
Though Hiko is disappointed their planned roster fell apart , they said their actions behind the scenes helped boost the salary of NA players across the board since organizations were afraid of Hiko poaching their top talent .
`` Before all this stuff went down , most players on teams were getting an average of $ 1,000 per month , now its 2 - 2.5k a month . That 's great ! '' Hiko said .
Though they make it clear that they have no immediate plans to move to Europe or join Cloud9 , they said they are open to both if the terms are right and they feel comfortable with the deal .
`` Right now , I ca n't really be picky anymore . If the players are up to par or not does n't matter to me . I want a team with a hunger to win , Hiko said . `` That 's what I 'm looking for right now . ''
Photo source : ESL
More content on GosuGamers :
Marie Levey Pabst offered a provocative comment to my recent post about Teach For America , so I asked them to expand their thoughts a bit more . This is the result . They are a 2004 TFA alum , who taught in Oakland , California , for three years before moving to the east coast . They are currently a high school English teacher in Boston Public Schools where they also spent a year as a literacy coach . Them blog is An English Teachin ' Vegan .
As a TFA alum myself ( currently in my 7th year of teaching ) I have seen some of the problems that Mr. Cody pointed out in their post `` Does Teach for America Deliver Systemic Education Reform ? '' I especially agree with the point that TFA has fallen into the trap of viewing test scores as the measure of student and teacher success . I felt similar pressure to get my students to `` perform '' in 2004 , and I hear it has only gotten worse . However , I feel the same pressure now from my principal , and I teach in a school with no TFA representation ( but still in a low-income urban community ) . I think that this focus on test scores is a far more pervasive problem , as Mr. Cody has pointed out in the past .
However , I have heard from many critics that one of the main problems with TFA is that its teachers leave too soon . From my experience , TFA has never really been about creating teachers ( although they have spun their message to get funding ) . TFA is about taking people who would , they assume , become leaders in some form in our country , and putting them in schools where they see education inequality first-hand , in the hopes that these same leaders will then go on to do something to improve educational equality with this important understanding . TFA has never been about creating teachers - that is often just a `` lucky '' byproduct . To be honest , I 'm a bit tired of hearing how we have to get people in classrooms longer , when that would happen our country really decided that it valued teachers , and provided the pay , support , etc . that went along with it . As Mr. Cody said , TFA is a stopgap .
What I do n't hear people talk about as much , which bothers me , is the fact that students of color really become `` training material '' for mostly middle and upper class white `` leaders . '' This is a phenomenon that bothers me a lot as a TFA alum . As a white teacher teaching primarily students of color I face many of the dilemmas that other white teachers face ( TFA or otherwise ) . Whether I like it or now I carry white privilege with me into my classroom , and because of that white privilege I have definitely made faulty assumptions about what my students think , believe or have access to .
However , the issue I want to discuss is this aspect of TFA that involves the `` training '' of future leaders . As mentioned before , TFA is really ( as far as I understand ) about sending `` future leaders '' into schools where they see the issues of education inequality first-hand . What this often results in is middle and upper class white folks going into schools with large populations of students of color , teaching for a few years ( 3 or 4 would be considered a long stay by some ) and leaving to go onto positions of leadership in our society .
Many of my fellow TFAers work incredibly hard and create really important and long-lasting relationships with their students , and that is fantastic . But there is still a big problem , in my mind , when one of the best solutions we , as a country can come up with , to help close the education equity gap , is to send the elite and privileged to the `` other side '' to see how bad things are . TFA has received a lot of recognition and funding from our federal government , and other programs ( such as the New York Teaching Fellows ) seem to have been modeled after TFA 's recruitment strategy - get the best and the brightest our universities have to offer and put them in high-need schools .
However , many of the participants in TFA are , like me , beneficiaries of white privilege . And part of that white privilege involves the fact that we get to go into school , see how the `` other '' side lives , and then we get to leave . If this was happening in a few places it would still bother me , but what really makes me nervous is that our country seems to be saying ( with funding and similar recruiting programs ) `` This is the way we can fix education - send in the ( white ) elite . ''
Fundamentally , I believe that the glorification of TFA , and the `` super teacher '' myth in general , creates a distraction from the real problem . Our country has a huge gap between the lower and upper economic groups , and that gap is widening , not shrinking . If we as a country really believe that sending in privileged folks to see how the `` other '' side lives is part of the solution to our education problem I think that is denying collective ownership of the problem of inequality and it is also ignoring what the folks we are `` helping '' have to offer .
While I certainly do n't know the answers to this fundamental dilemma of inequality in education and society , I wonder what it would look like if TFA and other teacher programs recruited more heavily at smaller state universities in addition to ( or maybe instead of ) some of the more elite schools . I know that TFA has worked really , really hard in the past years to improve the diversity of its corp , but it seems as though TFA ( and our country ) still believe that the elite will solve our problem - and the reality is our elite is mostly white . Maybe we need to start recruiting tomorrow 's teachers in my 10th grade class now , offer them money for college if they promise to teach after they graduate for a number of years . If our teacher recruitment programs are going to have high turnover anyway let 's put people into classrooms who have lived `` the other side , '' not just folks who are stopping by for a visit .
What do you think of Marie Levey-Pabst 's perspective ? Are students of poverty and of color served well by Teach For America-style programs ? Or should we place our emphasis elsewhere ?
Centralia Mine Fire
ATTENTION : Due to the continuing fire , possible mine subsidence , and gas emissions , people are advised against traveling to Centralia especially those with respiratory problems . If you do venture there remember that it is still a borough , not a tourist destination , so respect people 's property . The remaining population is friendly and perhaps might even tell you a story or two .
Location of Centralia . ( PennDOT )
Aerial picture of Centralia from 1993 .
If I said I can show you a town that is continually burning , you would think I was crazy . However , that has been the case of Centralia , Pennsylvania , which is located in the Anthracite-rich mountains of Columbia County . Although the town itself is not burning , what is located under it is burning : coal .
In early 1962 , a decision was made to utilize a strip mine near the Odd Fellows Cemetery to become the borough 's new landfill as the old one was reaching capacity . The pit had many holes from previous mining attempts that , according to the Department of Mines and Minerals Industry , would have to be filled with incombustible material . This was to be done in case a fire broke out , it would not spread to local mines . With the holes sealed , the pit passed inspection and the Commonwealth issued permit WD-443-R .
The problem that was foreseen and supposedly prevented occurred in May 1962 when a fire , now referred to as `` The Incident '' by locals , broke out at the landfill . It was reported and appeared to be extinguished after many flare-ups . However , a few days later the firefighters made a shocking discovery of a hole almost 15 feet long and sever feet high near the north wall of the pit near the cemetery . It had been hidden under garbage and not sealed as instructed . This was the gateway for the fire to spread into the mines .
In July 1962 , the Department of Environmental Resources began to monitor the fire by drilling boreholes to check the extent and temperature . Some believe that these provided the fire an easy source of oxygen .
On May 22 , 1969 , the first three families were moved from Centralia , just as action was being taken to control the blaze . A trench was dug near the cemetery to stop the spread , but was only performed in one shift per day and halted for the Memorial Day holiday . If the crews had worked in three shifts and did not stop , the fire could have been quenched as Tony Gaughan mentioned in the book `` Slow Burn . '' They added that the project was only $ 50,000 from completion .
The town was brought to the national spotlight when on February 14 , 1981 , the ground under which Todd Domboski was playing on in their grandmother 's backyard opened . The hole was about four feet in diameter and approximately 150 feet deep . They held onto exposed tree roots and was pulled out by their cousin . Mine subsidence was just one of the dangers facing the residents , along with health and respiratory problems incurred due to the noxious gases emanating from the ground .
By 1983 an ambitious plan was proposed to buy all of the residences out and dig a 500-foot-deep trench around the town to stop the fire from spreading and endangering the Borough of Ashland less than two miles away . Many former and current residents of Centralia believed that this was a ploy by the federal government to strip-mine the town to get to the rich deposits of coal below . However , the $ 660 million price-tag and no guarantee that this would stop the fire made the government balk , and so the fire is left to burn itself out . The citizens voted in favor of a federal government buy-out 345 to 200 . In November 1983 , $ 42 million was allocated to purchase homes of those who wanted to leave , which was a stark contrast from the $ 7 million spent from 1962 to 1984 to fight the fire .
In 1991 , twenty-six homes along PA 61 west of Centralia were purchased , drawing a close to the chapter of Centralia . A town which had a population of 1,100 at its height dwindled to 46 with only a few structures left standing , all of which are owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ; however , the residents still have to pay property taxes . There were 16 properties left by 2006 and two years later that number was down to 11 . The final chapter may be written for Centralia soon enough , as the state is now trying to complete the demolition of the borough 48 years after the fire started . Steve Fishman , attorney for the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development , said that `` benign neglect '' on the parts of state and local officials left the remaining five houses stand with a population of around a dozen by 2010 . They said that the Commonwealth is moving as quickly as it can to take possession of the remaining homes so they can be torn down . In March 2010 , a Columbia County judge will decide how much the owners should be paid for their properties .
Clip from Daily Planet from 2002 about
Centralia . ( Discovery Channel Canada )
Distance sign and route marker in Ashland after the PA 54 intersection .
( Jeff Kitsko ) Northbound at the closed section of PA 61 south of the town . The new PA 61 veers off to the right to bypass the fire damaged section of highway . ( Jeff Kitsko ) Northbound approaching the center of Centralia at the main intersection where PA 61 turns to the left to continue north , and straight ahead , PA 42 starts and continues north to Bloomsburg . ( Jeff Kitsko ) This is the borough building which is the center of government for Centralia . I was surprised to see an ambulance and ironically a fire truck sitting in the garage .
( Jeff Kitsko ) A sign of support from the remaining population , which is attached to a tree at the PA 61/PA 42 intersection . This particular heart is no longer there , but another with
a different design has taken its place . ( Jeff Kitsko ) Heading southbound on Locust Street . The warning sign ahead on the left says `` FOG AREA '' which is a reference to the smoke and steam that results when precipitation falls on the heated highway . ( Jeff Kitsko ) One of the remaining vents that is spewing smoke from the fire below the town , and is threatening the cemetery in the background . ( Jeff Kitsko ) One of many warning signs posted by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection . This one was posted on Locust Street in front of the vent pictured above . ( Jeff Kitsko ) Looking back at the borough from the closed section of PA 61 . ( Jeff Kitsko )
Abandoned PA 61
In early 1994 , due to the movement of the fire , a portion of then PA 54/PA 61 had to be closed south of Centralia because of buckling of the pavement . PA 54 was eventually moved south to bypass the borough completely and PA 61 was moved to Byrnsville Road , which is located below the original route as seen in the map below .
Location of the closed section of PA 61 . ( PennDOT )
Looking southbound on the former alignment , which was US 122 prior to 1963 .
( Jeff Kitsko ) Around the bend in the picture above and you see why PA 61 was closed . Due to
the heat from the fire , the highway buckled . ( Jeff Kitsko ) With the fire directly below , smoke pours out of the cracks in the highway .
( Jeff Kitsko ) Casualties of the fire are the trees whose roots were burned , and prevented them
from drawing water and nutrients from the ground . They illustrate the path of the fire
towards PA 61 . ( Jeff Kitsko ) Looking northbound at the southern end of the abandoned section of PA 61 . To spay painted message in the middle of the picture says `` Highway to Hell . ''
( Jeff Kitsko )
Unseen Danger : A Tragedy of People , Government , and the Centralia Mine Fire
by David DeKok ( 2000 ) More information about the borough and the fire , from all points of view . The author covered the mine fire for more than eight years as a reporter for The News-Item based in Shamokin . Purchase it in either hardcover or paperback Images of America : Centralia
by Deryl B. Johnson ( 2004 ) The infamous borough has had a varied past . See how it evolved through the years from coal town to ghost town . Purchase It The Town That Was
directed by Chris Perkel and George Roland ( 2007 ) A documentary which was filmed over a period of four years with interviews with former residents to Congressmen . The focus of which is the youngest remaining Centralia , John Lokitis , and their fight to keep alive their hometown which is literally disintegrating beneath their feet . Purchase It Silent Hill
directed by Christophe Gans ( 2006 ) Searching for the answers to their daughter 's unexplainable nightmares and references to a town named `` Silent Hill , '' Rose Da Silva takes a trip there to find some meaning . However , they get more than they expected . Centralia inspired screenwriter Roger Avary for their vision of the fictional town of Silent Hill . Purchase it in either Blu-ray , DVD ( widescreen ) , DVD ( full screen ) , Video on Demand ( Purchase ) , or UMD AREA LODGING Frackville Holiday Inn Express
Directions :
Links :
PA 61
Abandoned PA 61 - Andy Field/Alex Nitzman
Abandoned PA 61 ; Centralia - Adam Prince
A Brief History of The Centralia Mine Fire - PA Department of Environmental Protection
Borough of Centralia - Rita Marie Long
Centralia ! - Bill McGuire
Centralia : A Modern Ghost Town in the Pennsylvania Coal Country - Carl Weese
Centralia By Air/Saunter to Centralia - Gerry Murray
Centralia , Columbia County , Pennsylvania , USA - Jolyon Ralph
Centralia Mine Fire - Doug Kirby/Ken Smith/Mike Wilkins
The Centralia Mine Fire - John Krygier
Centralia 1999 - Tom Gryn
Centralia , Pa. - Doug Thompson
Centralia , PA - Sonny Windstrup
Centralia , PA : Modern Day Ghost Town - Nathan Bramble
Centralia Pennsylvania - Offroaders Online
The Centralia Project - John Bragazzi/Bethany Rusen
First National Bank of Centralia - Rick McDonnell
Modern Ruins : Centralia , PA - Karl Jorgensen
PA 54 and Centralia - Steve Alpert
Remembering Byrnsville - Mike Reilley
Toxic Terror in Centralia , PA - Weird US
Back to Pennsylvania Highways
Back to Pennsylvania Highways Features
Page updated March 10 , 2011 .
Content and graphics , unless otherwise noted , copyright © Jeffrey J. Kitsko . All rights reserved .
Information courtesy of `` Unseen Danger : A Tragedy of People , Government and the Centralia Mine Fire '' by David DeKok , Offroaders Online , Rick Mason of PennDOT District 3 , The Associated Press , Nathan Bramble , and Bill McGuire .
Reflections on Free Throw 's “ Bear Your Mind ” , and the Realities of Anxiety and Body Image
By Molly Louise Hudelson .
The thing about being overweight is that you 're never allowed to just “ be. ” You 're always expected to be dieting , to be exercising , to be losing weight . Healthy eating and regular exercise are very important ; but if you 've ever struggled with your weight you know that the feelings of self-worth ( or rather , lack thereof ) come down to a lot more than the number on the scale or the size of your jeans . And so there 's a certain anxiety about admitting that you struggle with your body image or do n't like the way you look because the solution most often offered is n't , “ let 's work through your self-image issues ” , it 's , “ just lose the weight and you 'll feel better . ”
Enter Free Throw 's sophomore album , Bear Your Mind , released on May 26 via Triple Crown Records .
On eleven tracks of blistering introspection , the Nashville quintet do just what the album title suggests . Lead singer Cory Castro bears their mind out into the open , diving into their anxieties- and what causes and surrounds them- in a way that feels relatable , as if he 's an old friend sharing something deeply personal . While 2014 's Those Days Are Gone saw Castro getting their problems off their chest , now he 's working on solving them and getting out of their own head : “ I ca n't let all of my problems tie me down onto my bed / Got to get out of my head and find some happiness instead , ” they champion on the album 's opening track “ Open Window . ”
But progress is n't a linear process , and it is n't always easy : in “ Weight On My Chest ” Castro struggles to fall asleep , kept awake by their thoughts as they admit , “ I do n't know how to fix this/ Or if I 'll ever know true peace. ” Anxiety is a funny thing ; it can paralyze you and at the same time make you want to run away and crawl out of your skin . Even for the most social of people , talking about what 's on your mind is made only harder when your fears are rooted in how other people perceive you , something explored on “ Weak Tables ” , where Castro reveals , “ On the outside , I 'm a social butterfly / But on the inside , I 'm stuck in my cocoon . ”
And sometimes , despite our best efforts , the things that are supposed to help us feel better do n't work out- and that 's a tough pill to swallow . On “ Andy And I , Uh… ” , everyone sees Castro getting “ better , ” but they admit that “ I 'm not better , I 'm indifferent/ And that 's not okay ” : in a recent interview with Observer , they say the song “ came at a time I was seeking anxiety medication and it made me feel neutral to everything around me . Emotions were n't a thing. ” When you want to get better and getting better does n't work out as planned ( is feeling nothing really better than feeling sad , anxious , or depressed ? ) , it 's easy to feel frustrated and out of sorts , “ Like a puzzle from the thrift store/ Left in disarray . ”
Bear Your Mind reaches perhaps its most vulnerable point on the penultimate track , “ Better Have Burn Heal. ” Here , Castro is working to overcome body image struggles , and finds that learning to love themselves takes more than working out and watching what they eat ; they struggle to “ write down some self-praise ” which leaves them feeling like “ a captive in my own bones. ” When you gain weight , you do n't feel like yourself ; you feel stuck , surrounded by all this baggage that is n't supposed to be yours .
That 's how I 've felt , anyway , as I 've put on some weight following knee surgery back in March . I 've been diligent with my physical therapy and have gotten stronger , but as proud as I am of the progress I 've made in some areas , I ca n't help but be frustrated by the setbacks in others . And so when I heard “ Better Have Burn Heal ” for the first time , I was taken aback ; I did n't expect it to resonate as much as it did because I 'd never heard a song that spoke so deeply- and directly- to my frustrations with body image and weight gain . This one cut to the core .
Songs like “ Andy And me , Uh… ” , “ Better Have Burn Heal ” , and “ Hope Spot ” - which lead to Free Throw 's signing to Triple Crown Records- were written about specific situations , with enough detail that you 'll know the story , but done in a way that 's open-ended enough for any listener to relate to . Bear Your Mind , then , is just as much your record and my record as it is Free Throw 's record . If you 're here to listen , it 's here to remind you that you 're not alone .
Bear Your Mind is available now here and streaming on Spotify here . Free Throw is currently on a headlining tour with support from Homesafe and Heart Attack Man ; see a full list of remaining shows here . Keep up with Free Throw on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , and their official website .
Are you a Verizon subscriber ? You may be in for some good and bad news . Let 's start with the bad news : Verizon just announced that they will be increasing unlimited data plan pricing starting November 15 . Instead of the usual $ 29.99 bill for data charges that you 'll be getting , you will have to pay a total of $ 49.99 per month for those same data charges . Yes , that 's a $ 20 increase in your monthly bill ; that 's a total of $ 240 per year . And now , for the good news : There 's a way for you to evade this $ 20 increase on your monthly plan ! While Verizon did announce this price increase , they did say that this was only applicable to those who are not under a 2-year contract period . So if you want to avoid seeing the extra $ 20 bill on your account , you can check out some options so you can get an unlimited data plan for the next two years .
The announcement for this $ 20 price hike does not come as a surprise to many . Back in October , sources revealed that Verizon had announced their plans for adding $ 20 on top of your bill . And as expected , this angered a lot of people ; particularly those who had just signed up to a Verizon unlimited data plan . At the time of announcement , it was not specified by the company on who would be affected by this price hike . Thankfully , they have taken the time out to clarify things and have also sent out notifications to their valued customers .
And as announced , the price increase will only affect those who are not under a 2-year contract . Individuals who just recently signed for a contract wo n't have to worry about seeing the additional $ 20 charge on their bill as they are exempted from it . If you are currently a Verizon subscriber , there 's still time for you to head over to their stores or website to learn more about how you can keep unlimited data and sign up for a contract . You have 6 days to do this so it 's best that you do it today . Otherwise , you 'll have to pay the increased data charges on your monthly bill going forward .
Few groups of “ sinners ” were singled out in biblical accounts more than “ tax collectors , ” who were not merely state agents collecting revenues that taxpayers rightfully owed to the government . They were the source of particular loathing because they were extortionists , who profited personally by shaking down as much money from citizens as possible .
The Gospel accounts provide an early lesson in the danger of marrying the profit motive with governmental power . The possibility for abuse is great . Yet throughout the United States , government agencies increasingly rely on “ civil forfeiture ” to bolster their strained budgets . The more assets these modern-day tax collectors seize , the more money they have for new equipment and other things .
If one peruses court documents , one will find cases with bizarre names such as The People v. One 1999 Buick . In criminal proceedings , the government must provide wrongdoing beyond a reasonable doubt before gaining the power to incarcerate an accused person . But local governments realize that , under civil forfeiture laws , they can seize houses and cars and cash based on a low standard of evidence .
If , for instance , your neighbor borrowed your green Buick and sold some marijuana to an undercover agent , the law enforcement agency can seize the car . The owner might not have done anything wrong , but the car was indeed used in the commission of a crime . Activists point to instances where the government has become more creative in seeking assets—homes , cars , bank accounts—based on minor violations of the ever-expanding criminal code . One organization points to the case where the government tried to seize the tractor of a farmer accused of running over an endangered rat . As the number of regulatory crimes grows , the cases in which the government can seize assets grows along with it .
Columnist George Will wrote earlier this year of a case in Massachusetts , where law enforcement is attempting to take the motel owned by a family because of allegations that some visitors there dealt drugs from their rooms . “ The U.S. Department of Justice intends to seize it , sell it for perhaps $ 1.5 million and give up to 80 percent of that to the Tewksbury Police Department , whose budget is just $ 5.5 million . The Caswells have not been charged with , let alone convicted of , a crime . ”
As Will notes , police have an incentive to exaggerate the criminal activity there given their extreme financial incentive for taking the property . Massachusetts , they reported , has more stringent civil-forfeiture standards than federal law , so the town 's police department is , as Will put it , “ conniving with the federal government ” to use federal standards instead . In essence , the city 's police are violating state law so they can more easily gain the assets of the motel owners .
A similar situation exists in California . Local police agencies do n't like that our state only allows them to keep 65 percent of the proceeds from their forfeitures and imposes additional hurdles beyond federal law .
“ Through a federal program called ‘ equitable sharing , ' however , California police are evading strong state law and turning property over to the federal government for forfeiture , ” explains the Institute for Justice , a libertarian group that defends property owners . “ Federal law has lower standards for forfeiting property and provides a larger share of proceeds to the police—as much as 80 percent . Due to this incentive to circumvent stricter state law in favor of more profitable federal law , from 2002 to 2009 , forfeitures in California under federal law outpaced those under state law by about two to one . ”
That statement was issued in support of AB639 , sponsored by Assemblyman Chris Norby ( R-Fullerton ) . The bill , which passed the Assembly but is essentially dead in the Senate this year , is designed to close the loophole that encourages state and local agencies to bypass state law .
The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office complained that the bill 's “ only purpose is to make it impossible for state/local law enforcement agencies for using federal asset forfeiture procedures. ” Other law enforcement groups , including the California District Attorneys Association , likewise complained about the burden the law would place on government agencies .
But Americans should be more concerned by laws that place an unfair burden on the rights of citizens than on burdens placed on government agencies . We should all be concerned that district attorneys—who are , by law , supposed to pursue justice first and foremost—are perpetrating abuses of property rights so that they can fill their coffers with money that comes primarily from people who have not been convicted of any crime .
The proposed law is modest—it requires a court order before agencies can transfer forfeiture cases to the federal government . It insists that such cases involve true federal cases , such as those involving interstate commerce . It does n't ban the use of civil forfeiture , but requires California agencies to follow California law . If anything , far broader reforms are needed so that no government can use shoddy standards to take private property to help their budget situation .
There is something terribly disturbing about this “ policing for profit ” trend , especially in our current world where the number of laws keeps growing . We 've all become accustomed to police increasing their ticket-writing to backfill their budgets , but asset forfeiture takes the profiteering to a new and disturbing level . Agencies know that it 's so costly for people to fight their forfeiture proceedings that many victims simply cede the property without a fight . That 's wrong .
Unfortunately , California 's legislators are far more concerned about funding the state 's enormous government than they are about protecting the rights of California citizens . In the Gospels , Jesus urged tax collectors to collect no more than they are authorized to do . In California , it 's going to take far more than an admonition to get them to follow state law .
Brian Anderson ( born June 7 , 1971 ) [ citation needed ] is an American sportscaster . Since 2007 , they have called play-by-play for the Milwaukee Brewers ' telecasts on FSN Wisconsin . As a part of their work on the 2007 Brewers Preview Show , Anderson and the FSN team were awarded a regional Emmy Award .
Anderson also calls NFL games and NCAA Tournament basketball for CBS Sports , regular season NCAA basketball for FOX Sports and the Big Ten Network , MLB games for TBS and NBA games for TNT , TBS , NBC and CBS .
Broadcasting career [ edit ]
Early career [ edit ]
From 1998 to 2000 , Anderson handled Minor League and Little League Baseball telecasts for ESPN . They received their start in baseball with the San Antonio Missions , the Double-A affiliate of the San Diego Padres , serving as a radio/television play-by-play announcer from 1994 to 1998 and from 2000 to 2003 .
Anderson worked as a play-by-play announcer at The Golf Channel from 2003 to 2006 . In their role there , they served as a host for a variety of the network 's events , including the PGA and Nationwide Tours . Anderson also worked at FSN Southwest as a sideline reporter for the San Antonio Spurs from 1999 to 2007 , where they saw the Spurs win three NBA Championships .
Starting in 2007 , Anderson moved on to be the play-by-play announcer for the Milwaukee Brewers on Fox Sports Wisconsin . They are joined by color commentator Bill Schroeder . The duo occasionally also did games for WMLW , a local over-the-air channel in the Milwaukee metro area , but Fox Sports Wisconsin has since become the exclusive local broadcast partner for the Brewers . Anderson remains a member of the Brewers ' broadcast booth today .
National work [ edit ]
Since 2008 , Anderson has been tapped by TBS to provide play-by-play for the network 's coverage of the postseason , calling the Brewers-Phillies National League Division Series in 2008 , the Rockies-Phillies series in 2009 , the Reds-Phillies series in 2010 and the Yankees-Tigers American League Division Series in 2011 . In 2012 , Anderson worked the NL Wild Card Game and NLDS . In 2013 , they worked the American League Wild Card tiebreaker between the Rays and Rangers , the AL Wild Card Game and ALDS . From 2014 to 2017 , Anderson served as the secondary play-by-play announcer for TBS during the Division Series .
Because of Ernie Johnson stepping aside for the 2011 playoffs to care for their son Michael ( who suffers from muscular dystrophy and was placed in intensive care around the same time as the playoffs ) , Anderson called the 2011 National League Championship Series for TBS , which only by coincidence had the Brewers against the Cardinals ; their role was announced before the playoff seedings for the NLDS were fully set . [ 1 ] Anderson again called the National League Championship Series for TBS [ 2 ] in 2017 as Ernie Johnson was preoccupied with their NBA on TNT duties .
In 2018 , Anderson once again served as lead play-by-play announcer during the MLB postseason in place of Johnson , who stepped aside due to blood clots and being advised not to fly . [ 3 ] In this role , Anderson was on the call of the first-ever Division Series featuring the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox .
In 2010 , TBS named them as play-by play announcer on Sunday MLB on TBS regular season broadcasts .
In addition , Anderson started calling NCAA basketball games for ESPN during the 2009–2010 season . In 2012 , they began calling NCAA basketball games for the Big Ten Network . [ 4 ]
Since 2012 , Anderson has called play-by-play for Turner Sports and CBS 's coverage of the NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament and NBA .
In 2013 , they were named lead host for TNT 's exclusive coverage of the PGA Grand Slam of Golf . [ 5 ]
Anderson is currently a play-by-play announcer for Fox College Hoops . [ 6 ]
Anderson replaced an ailing Marv Albert to call undefeated Kentucky 's thrilling 68-66 win over Notre Dame at the 2015 NCAA Midwest Regional final in Cleveland , Ohio . [ 7 ] They also served as commentator for the Michigan State Spartans team cast during their Final Four game against Duke . [ 8 ]
Beginning in 2014 , Anderson added NBA on TNT duties to their resume , with Wisconsin Badgers play-by-play man Matt Lepay substituting for them on Fox Sports Wisconsin for Brewers games . [ 9 ]
Anderson also began calling some NFL on CBS games during the busier weeks of the 2014 NFL season , when the network 's six or seven announcing teams were n't enough to cover the network 's games . [ 10 ]
Notable Calls [ edit ]
September 27 , 2008 – Anderson was the play-by-play announcer for the final game of the 2008 Milwaukee Brewers season for Fox Sports Wisconsin , where Ryan Braun hit a 2-run home run in the bottom of the 8th inning to give the Brewers the lead and eventual win , which led to a Wild Card berth and the first playoff birth for the Brewers in 26 years .
And there 's a drive into left field , this is hit well ! AND IT 'S GONE ! RYAN BRAUN ! A 2 RUN HOME RUN ! THE BREWERS TAKE THE LEAD !
September 7 , 2010 – Anderson called Trevor Hoffman 's 600th career save for Fox Sports Wisconsin . Anderson 's call of the final out :
On the ground ... Counsell , and there it is ! Trevor Hoffman ! A milestone , number 600 !
October 6 , 2010 – Anderson called Game 1 of the 2010 National League Division Series between the Cincinnati Reds and the Philadelphia Phillies for TBS , where Roy Halladay threw the second no-hitter in postseason history . Anderson 's call of the final out :
Halladay is one strike away , the 0-2 ... a bouncer . Ruiz , IN TIME ! ROY HALLADAY , HAS THROWN A NO-HITTER !
October 3 , 2014 – Anderson called Game 2 of the 2014 American League Division Series between the Detroit Tigers and the Baltimore Orioles for TBS , where Delmon Young hit a bases clearing double to give the Orioles a 1 run lead in the bottom of the 8th inning .
Bases loaded , Young swings ! Line drive ... that is down , and to the wall ! Cruz is in , Pearce is in , Hardy is around 3rd , he 's gon na try to score ! And SAFE ! THE ORIOLES HAVE THE LEAD ! The legend of Delmon Young in the postseason continues !
March 22 , 2018 – Anderson covered the 2018 Sweet Sixteen match-up between the 11th seeded Loyola-Chicago Ramblers and the 7th seeded Nevada Wolf Pack for Turner Sports . Loyola-Chicago had a 1 point lead until Marques Townes hit a 3 to help ice the game to advance the Ramblers to the Elite Eight .
Custer ... crossover , kicks it . Townes , for 3 . YES SIR ! MARQUES TOWNES !
April 22 , 2018 – Anderson called Game 1 of the 2018 Eastern Conference First Round match-up between the Milwaukee Bucks and the Boston Celtics , where Khris Middleton hit a buzzer beating 3 to tie the game at 99 just minutes after Terry Rozier hit a 3 to put the Celtics up with 0.5 seconds left in the 4th quarter .
Who 's going to get the last shot here ? Gets it in , Middleton for the tie ! OH MY GOODNESS ! KHRIS MIDDLETON ! TIES IT , WITH A LONG RANGE 3 ! And now they will check to see if they got it off in time , I think they did .
October 8 , 2018 – Anderson called Game 3 of the 2018 American League Division Series between the Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees for TBS , where Brock Holt hit for the first cycle in postseason history . Anderson 's call of Holt 's home run and completion of the cycle :
That ball is ripped , down the right field line . That is a fair ball home run , and the cycle for Brock Holt ! They hit for the cycle in a postseason game ! So what if it 's off a position player . History for Brock Holt . Single , Triple , Double , Homer . 16-1 Boston , and a night Brock Holt will never forget .
Personal life [ edit ]
Anderson played catcher on the nationally ranked baseball team at St. Mary 's University , Texas and graduated Cum Laude from the school in 1993 with a degree in English-communications . They have a wife and one child . Anderson is the younger brother of former Reds pitcher Mike Anderson . [ 11 ]
Anderson is a Christian . Anderson has spoken about their faith saying , `` Not everything depends on what is happening in my particular space . I do n't live or die with my call of a game or a win or loss , or something good or bad at home . I know there is a greater picture , a greater hope ; and that is eternity [ in Heaven ] . ... I will trust in God , who gave Their only Son as the ultimate sacrifice , and They did it for me . `` [ 12 ]
A starving puppy was found abandoned in a plastic storage container in Howard County , Maryland , on Saturday , and animal control is looking for more information on the case .
Editor 's note : Viewer discretion is advised as the following images may be disturbing .
WASHINGTON — A starving puppy was found abandoned in a plastic storage container in Howard County , Maryland , on Saturday , and animal control is looking for more information on the case .
A resident near Braeburn Road in Columbia , Maryland , reported seeing a storage container drilled with holes in a grassy area of the neighborhood with “ an emaciated puppy ” inside at around 4 p.m. on March 25 , Howard County police said Monday in a news release .
A Howard County Animal Control officer took the dog to the emergency clinic .
According to veterinarians , the puppy appears to be a 10-week-old brindle pit bull that was “ extremely malnourished. ” The dog was covered in urine and feces , and also had open wounds and missing fur .
The puppy has been nicknamed “ Eddy ” and is responding to medical treatment .
Police said the shelter has already received requests to adopt the puppy .
Anyone with more information about this animal cruelty case is asked to call animal control at 410-313-2780 or email animalcontrol @ howardcountymd.gov .
A 10-week-old puppy was found abandoned in a plastic storage container in Columbia , Maryland on Saturday . ( Courtesy of Howard County Police Department )
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
by Paul Kennedy @ pkedit , Apr 14 , 2016
has spoken on theaffair and whether you agree with or not , they are worth listening to.In an interview with reporters on Wednesday , the LA Galaxy head coach said they thought the coverage of de Jong 's tackle onin the Galaxy 's 1-1 tie with Portland was `` hysteria . `` `` If that was any other player in that tackle , '' Arena said , `` it would not have received the hysteria that it has . `` Arena is right that if it was n't de Jong , Sunday 's incident would have likely not received the coverage it has , but whose fault is that ?
De Jong is a player who has broken the legs of two international players -- American Stuart Holden and Frenchman Hatem Ben Arfa -- and was involved in arguably the most vicious non-call in the history of World Cup finals , their kung-fu kick on Spaniard Xabi Alonso in 2010 .
Arena blamed it on `` social media '' and `` people in MLS and in the offices that do that and feed the whole thing '' and `` journalism . '' But what do they expect from all of us who spent Sunday night tweeting about happened and what we thought should be done ? To ignore what happened is to ignore MLS , the Galaxy and all that Arena has worked on their 40 years of coaching ?
The de Jong foul would likely been ignored if it was n't de Jong -- but also if it did n't happen on national television . By coincidence , the Galaxy-Timbers game was the first MLS of the year on Fox Sports 1 in prime time and drew the network 's largest television audience of the season .
As soon as they saw the first replay , analyst Alexi Lalas termed the de Jong challenge `` horrible , that is a horrible tackle . '' To FS1 's credit , the game was followed by a postgame show and because the game was in its backyard , at StubHub Center , the show aired live from the stadium . In another coincidence , one of the studio hosts happened to be Holden , whose leg de Jong broke six years ago . Fox Sports even had video of Holden talking with de Jong before the game about the incident . No one was better placed to talk about how Nagbe felt than Holden .
Arena will probably take exception with the latter statement . De Jong broke Holden 's leg . Nagbe 's ankle was only sprained -- and Arena said Nagbe `` probably was n't hurt on the tackle , which no one has reported . ''
`` Darlington Nagbe is a great kid and a great player , '' Arena said on Wednesday , `` and we certainly do n't want them to be injured on a bad tackle . I think it was a mistimed tackle by Nigel . A bad tackle on that play is going to the ground and going over the ball with excessive force . That was not the case on that play . From my understanding of our doctor was that they received a bruise . The ankle injury was there before the game . They had an injured ankle coming into the game . They went down 10 minutes before that . ''
Sure , `` social media '' lit up after the de Jong foul -- I probably came across a half dozen polls asking how long de Jong should be suspended -- but the reaction on site , our friends at Fox Sports excepted , was quite muted .
The Los Angeles Times referred to de Jong `` stomp '' in the last of 21 paragraphs . The Los Angeles Daily News game story did not even mention the de Jong-Nagbe incident . The FourFourTwo game analysis referred to the foul only at the end of a section titled `` Nigel de Jong 's influence is massive . ''
The de Jong foul did not come up in the Arena post-game press conference . Timbers coach Caleb Porter was immediately asked about how Nagbe was doing , but they were only asked about the foul in the last question . ( He chose to talk about it in terms of how for third straight game the Timbers would n't get the benefit of a red card , only issued after the fact . )
As our former Soccer America colleague Scott French noted in their FourFourTwo column , `` Many of us sitting in the StubHub press box wondered , at least initially , what the fuss was all about . '' They wrote `` initially '' as they later admitted , `` My initial judgment , clearly , was off-base : That was a red card , and de Jong should receive a suspension . ''
Arena said the de Jong affair has been blown out of proportion because everyone wanted to make their Dutchman into a villain . Indeed , Soccer America 's Paul Gardner warned about de Jong when they signed with the Galaxy and later wrote about how they would present a problem for MLS referees . But Soccer America also gave de Jong 's version of things : `` There 's never been a problem in my career . '' ( If de Jong wanted the villain narrative to go away , it was entirely in their power . )
If never being a `` problem '' meant never being red carded , de Jong was technically correct . They are n't red carded for the Holden tackle , or the Ben Arfa tackle , like they are n't red carded for their foot in the chest of Xabi Alonso . ( De Jong 's only red card in league play in their 14-year European career came , ironically , in their last game for AC Milan in December 2015 . )
Likewise , de Jong was only yellow-carded by referee Allen Chapman on Sunday night . But MLS is different . Its Disciplinary Committee is expected to announce that de Jong will be suspended retroactively for three games .
Not so much . iStock
This story is being co-published with the Genetic Literacy Project .
On Thursday , Science published a large-scale study on the relationship between bees and a pesticide , neonicotinoids . It got quite a bit of pickup in the press—Nature touted that the “ Largest-Ever Study of Controversial Pesticides Finds Harm to Bees , ” while the BBC explained that a “ Large-Scale Study ‘ Shows Neonic Pesticides Harm Bees . ' ” The Scientist said the same , with “ Field Studies Confirm Neonicotinoids ' Harm to Bees , ” and PBS followed suit with “ Neonicotinoid Pesticides Are Slowly Killing Bees . ”
These headlines seem to reflect a line included in the abstract of the study itself : “ These findings point to neonicotinoids causing a reduced capacity of bee species to establish new populations in the year following exposure . ”
Sure sounds like a bummer for the bees . One problem : The data in the paper ( and hundreds of pages of supporting data not included but available in background form to reporters ) do not support that bold conclusion . No , there is no consensus evidence that neonics are “ slowly killing bees. ” No , this study did not add to the evidence that neonics are driving bee health problems .
Unfortunately , and predictably , the overheated mainstream news headlines also generated a slew of even more exaggerated stories on activist and quack websites where undermining agricultural chemicals is a top priority ( e.g. , Greenpeace , End Times Headlines , and Friends of the Earth ) . The takeaway : The “ beepocalypse ” is accelerating . A few news outlets , such as Reuters ( “ Field Studies Fuel Dispute Over Whether Banned Pesticides Harm Bees ” ) and the Washington Post ( “ Controversial Pesticides May Threaten Queen Bees . Alternatives Could Be Worse. ” ) , got the contradictory findings of the study and the headline right .
But based on the study 's data , the headline could just as easily have read : “ Landmark Study Shows Neonic Pesticides Improve Bee Health ” —and it would have been equally correct . So how did so many people get this so wrong ?
This much-anticipated two year , $ 3.6 million study is particularly interesting because it was primarily funded by two major producers of neonicotinoids , Bayer Crop Science and Syngenta . They had no involvement with the analysis of the data . The three-country study was led by the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology , or CEH , in the U.K.—a group known for its skepticism of pesticides in general and neonics in particular .
The raw data—more than 1,000 pages of it ( only a tiny fraction is reproduced in the study ) —are solid . It 's a reservoir of important information for entomologists and ecologists trying to figure out the challenges facing bees . It 's particularly important because to date , the problem with much of the research on neonicotinoids has been the wide gulf between the findings from laboratory-based studies and field studies .
Some , but not all , results from lab research have claimed neonics cause health problems in honeybees and wild bees , endangering the world food supply . This has been widely and often breathlessly echoed in the popular media—remember the execrably reported Time cover story on “ A World Without Bees. ” But the doses and time of exposure have varied dramatically from lab study to lab study , so many entomologists remain skeptical of these sweeping conclusions . Field studies have consistently shown a different result—in the field , neonics seem to pose little or no harm . The overwhelming threat to bee health , entomologists now agree , is a combination of factors led by the deadly Varroa destructor mite , the miticides used to control them , and bee practices . Relative to these factors , neonics are seen as relatively inconsequential .
I 've addressed this disparity between field and lab research in a series of articles at the Genetic Literacy Project , and specifically summarized two dozen key field studies , many of which were independently funded and executed . This study was designed in part to bridge that gulf . And the devil is in the interpretation .
According to the lead researcher Richard Pywell of the CEH :
We 've shown for the first time negative effects of neonicotinoid-coated seed dressings on honeybees and we 've also shown similar negative effects on wild bees . … Our findings are a cause for serious concern .
I agree that there might be cause for serious concern if the studies had shown convincing evidence of negative effects . But a review of the data—by the GLP and independent scientists—concludes differently . The European study focused on three types of bees placed in fields across three countries—Germany , Hungary , and the U.K. As Jenna Gallegos noted in their particularly nuanced analysis in the Washington Post :
[ T ] he results were not as clear-cut as experts had hoped . … The differences between bees in treated or untreated fields were largely insignificant , and many of the bees in both groups died before they could be counted .
Overall , the data collected from 33 different fields covered 42 analyses and 258 endpoints—a staggering number . The paper only presented a sliver of that data—a selective glimpse of what the research , in its entirety showed .
What patterns emerged when examining the entire data set ? Here is a chart assembled from data supplied to the research funders by the CEH ( but not released in the published study ) with the findings summarized ( light green indicates “ no impact , ” red points to “ negative impact , ” and dark green suggests neonics had a positive impact ) .
Dr. Peter Campbell Sr. , environmental specialist and head of product safety research collaboration , Syngenta
In sum , of 258 endpoints , 238—92 percent—showed no effects . ( Four endpoints did n't yield data . ) Only 16 showed effects . Negative effects showed up 9 times—3.5 percent of all outcomes ; 7 showed a benefit from using neonics—2.7 percent .
As one scientist pointed out , in statistics there is a widely accepted standard that random results are generated about 5 percent of the time—which means by chance alone we would expect 13 results meaninglessly showing up positive or negative .
Norman Carreck , science director of the International Bee Research Association , who was not part of either study , noted , the small number of significant effects “ makes it difficult to draw any reliable conclusions . ”
When pressed , even Pywell acknowledged the conflicting data .
The data were rife with other contradictions . Worker bees and drones in Britain struggled to survive the winter , but the same variety of wild bees increased in Germany . Egg production also increased in Germany but fell in Hungary .
The health problems seemed to have little to do with pesticides . A fungal infection ran roughshod over Hungary 's bees . In Britain , they were decimated by the deadly and unrelenting Varroa destructor mite—even the controls suffered losses 400 percent greater than the national average . These catastrophic loss numbers suggest the field experiments may have been poorly constructed—raising doubts about the standard of research for the entire research project .
The broader context of the bee health controversy is also important to understand ; bees are not in sharp decline—not in North America nor in Europe , where neonics are under a temporary ban that shows signs of becoming permanent , nor worldwide . Earlier this week , Canada reported that its honeybee colonies grew 10 percent year over year and now stand at about 800,000 . That 's a new record , and the growth tracks the increased use of neonics , which are critical to canola crops in Western Canada , where 80 percent of the nation 's honey originates .
Managed beehives in the U.S. had been in steady decline since the 1940s , as farm land disappeared to urbanization , but began stabilizing in the mid-1990s , coinciding with the introduction of neonicotinoids . They hit a 22-year high in the last count .
Genetic Literacy Project
Global hive numbers have steadily increased since the 1960s except for two brief periods—the emergence of the Varroa mite in the late 1980s and the brief outbreak of colony collapse disorder , mostly in the U.S. , in the mid-2000s .
U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization
So the bees , contrary to widespread popular belief , are actually doing all right in terms of numbers , although the Varroa mite remains a dangerous challenge . But still , a cadre of scientists well known for their vocal opposition to and lobbying against neonics have already begun trying to leverage the misinterpretation of the data . “ In the light of this new study , continuing to claim that use of neonicotinoids in farming does not harm bees is no longer a tenable position , ” David Goulson , a University of Sussex bee biologist , known in anti-neonic circles as a scientist-for-hire , told the U.K. 's Science Media Centre .
But other , less ideologically invested scientists were far more circumspect . “ We learn again : It 's complicated , ” said biologist Tjeerd Blacquière of Wageningen University in the Netherlands . The mixed findings are likely to intensify ongoing debates about restricting or banning the compounds , with both sides claiming vindication .
The study , while problematic and contradictory in its results , is not without value . It has underscored that it 's possible or even likely that exposure to miticides or insecticides—including neonics , which like all insecticides are designed to target insects—increases the vulnerability of bees to disease and other threats . But that could be said about any chemical , including organic treatments . In Europe , where neonics have been banned since 2013 ( based almost entirely on disputed lab studies ) , farmers have turned to alternatives that are far more toxic to both bees and humans , such as Lorsban and pyrethrins . Canola production is down , and bee health has shown no appreciable change . Farmers are in open revolt , and bees are arguably the worse for it .
Within hours of the release of the study , advocacy groups opposed to intensive agricultural techniques had already begun weaponizing the misreported headlines .
“ It shows that industry claims that neonicotinoids do not harm bees at field-relevant concentrations are baseless , ” said a Greenpeace senior scientist , a marine biologist with no background in entomology .
“ Pressure mounts for a complete ban on neonicotinoid pesticides as landmark study confirms these chemicals are harming bees , ” wrote Friends of the Earth .
But viewing the date from the European study in context makes it even more obvious that sweeping statements about the continuing beepocalypse and the deadly dangers to bees from pesticides , and neonicotinoids in particular , are irresponsible . That 's on both the scientists , and the media .
Footage posted Monday of three white tiger cubs born in Crimea 's Skazka Zoo might be adorable , but the cuteness of the little tigers belies the sad truth about breeding them .
Zoos and other exhibitors sometimes present white tigers with misleading language suggesting they are a separate species , usually in need of protection . Anecdotal evidence indicates some people are under the impression that white tigers are a variety of Siberian tiger specially adapted to a snowy environment .
But really , white tigers are white because of a rare , recessive mutation that causes white fur . All white tigers documented in the wild by scientists have been Bengal tigers . Bengal tigers are endangered , but the white ones are not a distinct species -- they 're just Bengal tigers of a different color .
However , most of the white tigers in captivity are `` highly inbred '' hybrids of Bengal and Siberian tigers ( also known as Indian and Amur tigers , respectively ) , according to the Association of Zoos and Aquariums , a nonprofit that accredits zoos in the United States .
Zoos are only able to continue producing white tigers via extensive inbreeding , explains the Wildcat Sanctuary , a Minnesota nonprofit refuge for unwanted captive wildcats :
In order to retain this recessive gene zoos and breeders must continually breed father to daughter and father to granddaughter and so on . This inbreeding has caused many genetic problems with tigers such as cleft palates , scoliosis of the spine , mental impairments and cross eyes .
Some of these genetic problems are so severe that cubs can not survive . Research published in 2013 suggests that the health problems common in captive white tigers are caused specifically by inbreeding , not because of conditions inherently linked to the mutation for white fur . In other words , the very rare white tiger that might occur in the wild may not be more likely to have any health problems .
But because of the issues linked to inbreeding , the AZA states that zoos accredited by the association should not intentionally breed white tigers . The organization does support some captive tiger breeding programs , but does not support selectively breeding the big cats with the intention of producing white tigers .
So why would a zoo breed white tigers ? Mostly because people like the way they look , and they draw lots of visitors . Skazka Zoo , where the most recent litter of cubs was born , has been breeding Tigryulia , a female white tiger , since at least 2012 , when they gave birth to four cubs .
`` These are really very rare tigers , ” Oleh Zubkov , head of the Skazka Zoo , told The Associated Press at the time . `` All the zoos in Ukraine and in the world dream of having such tigers born . ”
This article has been updated to clarify that Bengal tigers are endangered .
Contact the author at Hilary.Hanson @ huffingtonpost.com
The economy continues to grow weaker despite all of the Fed , Wall St. and media propaganda to the contrary . The economy is growing weaker due to the deteriorating financial condition of the consumer , which is by far the biggest driver of GDP in the United States . The only way the policy-makers can avoid a systemic collapse is “ helicopter ” money printing , in which printed cash or digital currency credits is , in some manner , distributed to the populace .
The Fed reported that non-revolving consumer debt ( not including mortgage debt ) hit $ 2.6 trillion at the end of the first quarter . Student loans outstanding hit a record $ 1.44 trillion . Recall that at least 40 % of this debt is in some form of delinquency , default or “ approved ” non-pay status . Auto loans hit a record $ 1.2 trillion . Of this , at the very least 30 % is subprime . A meaningful portion of the auto debt is of such poor credit quality when it 's issued that it is not even rated . Credit card debt is now over $ 1 trillion dollars and at a record level . The average outstanding balance per capita is $ 9600 per card for those who do n't pay in full at the end of the month . Just counting the households with credit card debt balances , the average balance per household is $ 16,000 . The average household auto loan balance for all households with a car loan is over $ 29,000 .
The data shows a consumer that is buried in debt and will likely begin to default at an accelerating rate this year . In fact , I 'd call these statistics an impending economic and financial disaster . Credit card companies are already warning about credit charge-offs . Synchrony ( which issues credit cards for Amazon and Walmart ) reported that its credit card charge-offs would rise at least 5 % in 2017 . Capital One ( Question : “ What 's in your wallet ? ” – Answer : “ Not money ” ) reported that credit card charge-offs soared 28 % year over year for Q1 . Synchrony , Capital One and Discover combined increased their Q1 provision for bad loans by 36 % over last year 's provisions taken .
The monthly consumer credit report last week showed a $ 12.4 billion increase over May . A $ 16 billion increase was expected by Wall St. Keep in mind that every month of credit expansion is another new all-time high in consumer debt . Credit card debt outstanding increased by $ 4.1 billion , which is troubling for two reasons . First , it 's likely that financial firms are lending to less than qualified borrowers , as evidenced by the rising credit card delinquency and charge-off rates . Second , given the declining household real disposable income and savings rate , it 's likely that households are using credit card debt to pay for non-discretionary expenses . The smaller than expected increase in credit is being attributed primarily to slower growth in auto loans .
Speaking of the auto industry , Bloomberg reported last week that auto dealers , in a desperate bid to increase sales and reduce inventory , cut prices on new cars and trucks in July by the most since March 2009 . It also reported that used car prices dropped 4.1 % . This graph from Meridian Macro Research captures the rapid deterioration auto sales ( click to enlarge ) :
The chart shows rate of change in motor vehicle freight carload volume on a year over year basis vs. per capita auto sales . As you can see , the last time these two metrics were showing negative growth ( a decline ) and heading lower was 2008 . The entire “ boom ” in auto sales since the “ cash for clunkers ” program , which ran from July 2009 to November 2009 , has been artificially created by a massive expansion in Government-enabled credit and Fed money printing . The impending crash in the auto industry is unavoidable unless the Government resorts to outright “ helicopter ” money printing ( i.e . giving cash directly to households rather than to the banks ) .
One of the best barometers of consumer financial health is restaurant sales , which are entirely dependent on the relative level of household disposable income that can be allocated to non-discretionary expenditures . Black Box Intelligence 's monthly restaurant industry snapshot , released Thursday , showed another monthly decline in restaurant sales and traffic – this one steeper than the past couple of months . I believe this is the 17th successive monthly year-over-year decline . Comp sales ( year over year for July ) were down 2.8 % and comp traffic dropped 4.7 % . The latter is more significant , as it better represents actual sales volume because dollar sales are boosted by price inflation . In contrast to these Real World numbers , the BLS reported in its employment report for July that the restaurant industry created 57,000 new jobs . This is not just flagrant misrepresentation of reality for propaganda purposes , it 's outright fraud .
In terms of specifics with the July restaurant numbers , sales declined in 183 of the 195 markets covered by the Black Box Intelligence survey . The worst region was the midwest , where sales declined 3.6 % and traffic dropped 5.2 % . The best region was California , with sales down 0.7 % ( price inflation ) and traffic down 3.6 % . Not surprisingly , the fine dining category outperformed the other industry segments , as it reflects the growing disparity in income and wealth between the upper 1 % and the rest . The quick service segment turned in the worst performance .
The above analysis was excerpted from the Short Seller 's Journal , which is dedicated to digging truth out from the Government , Fed and financial media propaganda . Contrary to the message conveyed by the stock market 's inexorable climb higher , the average U.S. household , along with the Government at all levels ( Federal to local municipal ) , is on the ropes financially and economically . The Short Seller 's Journal exposes this reality . Hundreds of stocks are plumbing 52-week and all-time lows . The Short Seller 's Journal helps you find these stocks before they plunge and take advantage of the most overvalued and most inefficiently-priced stock market in history . You can find out more here : Short Seller 's Journal information .
Share this :
Tweet
Controversially , ARM-based tablet users wo n't be able to deactivate secure booting and ( therefore ) install another operating system . Clearly that 's not gone down well with people -- and a straw poll of our editors agreed
Ctrl + Alt + Del for tablets without physical keyboards will be supplanted by Windows Key + Power .
There 's a mandatory five points of touch -- which we already knew thanks to our hands on with Synaptics at CES .
If your gear has NFC , physical `` touch marks '' will be visible on the hardware so people know where to plonk their devices .
All tablets must have Power , Rotation Lock , Windows Key , Volume Up and Volume Down buttons .
After all operating system updates , there must be 10GB free space , all machines must run UFEI Firmware .
All hardware must include one USB 2.0 port , a magnetometer , speakers , Bluetooth 4.0 , WLAN , gyroscope and accelerometer .
Any camera must have a minimum resolution of 720p .
The minimum display for any tablet is 1366 x 768 .
You 'll be able to update your graphics drivers without rebooting .
There you have it , many of the new changes are welcome and demonstrate Redmond 's commitment to avoid fragmentation between PCs , Laptops and Slates . However , ensuring ease for the general consumer might come at too high a price if it alienates those who value the freedom of a PC . Still , we wo n't be betting against the hacking community : which has probably already started taking a run up at the limitation -- just as soon as it 's made sure Doom runs smoothly on it .
3D printing guns from Destiny are n't enough for some people , so they went ahead and made custom props .
Destiny has some incredibly-designed weapons . Which is why many fans 3D printed a lot of them .
But what if a bit more work could go into them to make them even more authentic ? Prop maker Zander Brandt decided to do just that with a few of the guns from Destiny , and others from Mass Effect too . The Destiny ones are usually hand cannons , complete with moving inner parts .
Brandt wrote a few posts detailing how they made Hawkmoon , The Devil You Know , and many others . These go through multiple stages before reaching the final form .
Take a look at the Hawkmoon ones below , and visit Brandt 's site for even more stuff .
And that 's what the finished product looks like :
Thanks , Kotaku .
Competitive gaming in 2016 Over the course of Christmas and New Year , PC Gamer Pro will be exploring the moments that defined all of the biggest competitive games in 2016 . Check back every day for another look back at this exciting , vibrant and growing aspect of PC gaming .
Oh boy , where to start ? To say that this was an eventful twelve months in the StarCraft scene would be the understatement of the year . It was n't all great , but let 's rewind to January and start working our way through the highlights of 2016 in a chronological order—after all , we 've had enough chaos this year .
Zest and Dark dominate the first half of 2016
Legacy of the Void had just been released and everyone was buzzing to see the best players in the world figure out how to play it . Naturally all eyes were on the Global StarCraft II League and the SPOTV Starleague in Korea . Park “ Dark ” Ryung Woo , whose first big triumph had been long in the making , finally took home their first championship—SSL Season 1 . Even with players like “ ByuN ” Hyun Woo , Kim “ Stats ” Dae Yob or Kang “ Solar ” Min Soo in the competition , Dark proved that they were a step ahead of everyone in the tournament , dropping only four maps on their way to the championship .
You would think that at this point they would have been considered the best in the world by most . Yet that title went to Joo “ Zest ” Sung Wook for the first half of 2016 . In Season 1 of the GSL , Zest had lost a grand total of one map before reaching the Grand Finals , where they defeated their team-mate Jun “ TY ” Tae Yang 4-2 to win their third GSL trophy after previous victories in 2014 . What made their win so impressive , though , was that they defeated the best of each race , bar Dark himself , convincingly . All the while their winrate against Terrans stayed around 90 % , an absurd number considering the opponents they defeated to reach it .
The international power struggle
With a new WCS system in place that separates Korean and international competitors , a whole new set of storylines developed in the tournaments outside Korea . A few players began to emerge as favorites to win the big WCS competitions and claim the title of Best Foreigner . Artur “ Nerchio ” Bloch , Tobias “ ShoWTimE ” Sieber , Jens “ Snute ” Aasgaard and Alex “ Neeb ” Sunderhaft stood out as the most consistent performers in the foreign scene and each of them have by now won a Premier tournament .
The level of play in the international ranks has also risen noticeably compared to previous years . The closer we came to the end of the year , the more hopes fans had for the first Global Events of the year , in which international and Korean players would finally compete against each other .
New Korean Powerhouses in Season 2
Season 2 of the GSL and SSL saw two new champions lift their first Korean trophies . The fairy tale of ByuN turned heads from all around the world . The first teamless player to win a Korean StarCraft league —the GSL Season 2— did so after years of re-inventing themselves as a player and person . They had come close in 2012 , but had taken suffered a devastating loss that appeared to throw them off the competitive rails entirely . But ByuN recovered and , years later , returned to win the trophy that had always eluded him .
Even though they naturally stood out , a very similar story happened in the other Korean league at the same time . Solar , who had always been unlucky to be overshadowed by another dominant Zerg player—first soO in 2014 , then Life in 2015 , then Dark in 2016—and had also gone close to reaching Korean gold finally broke through all these barriers at once . Defeating Dark 4-3 in a thrilling series , they won Season 2 of the SSL .
Neeb wins KeSPA Cup
This would have been the biggest news story of the year if not for the one below . A non-Korean won a Korean tournament . A non-Korean with only a personal sponsor , no team , won a Korean tournament . If you thought that ByuN 's win was big—it was . But this was bigger . The last time something like this happened was 16 years ago , when Guillaume `` Grrrr ... '' Patry won the Hanaro OSL in 2000 . Neeb was two years old at that time .
Neeb played themselves into a frenzy , taking out one big name after another . Especially their Protoss vs Protoss matchup shone through as one of , if not the best in the world . Neeb won their opening group—containing the two GSL Champion Zest and ByuN—with a 4-0 score . They then kept their cool against the extremely aggressive Zerg Pet and overcame SSL Season 1 Finalist Stats 3-1 . By the time they faced Cho “ Trap ” Sung Ho in the finals , they had already done the unthinkable . But Neeb did n't stop there and emphatically dispatched of Trap 4-0 to complete an accomplishment that not a soul in the entire scene would have thought possible at the beginning of the year .
The end of Proleague
If only the year had ended there , huh ? Unfortunately the biggest talking point of 2016 was an announcement made by KeSPA and the consequences it brought . On the 18th of October , KeSPA announced that Proleague , one of the most storied competitions in esports , would be discontinued after 14 years . The fallout was immense . Almost all Korean teams closed the doors of their StarCraft II divisions . SK Telecom T1 , KT Rolster , Samsung Galaxy , CJ Entus , MVP and Afreeca Freecs all disbanded their StarCraft rosters and left the community in shock . The future of the Korean scene is still unknown , although the GSL will continue in 2017—the SSL will also be discontinued .
BlizzCon
Fortunately the year did n't end on that note , either . After it became known that the Korean scene was largely up in the air , the community 's collective nerves were soothed by the annual Global Finals of WCS at BlizzCon . There 's something special about that tournament . No matter how dire the news had been in weeks prior , spirits always get lifted by BlizzCon .
There 's a buzz around the StarCraft scene that 's incomparable to any other time of the year . Expectations were high after last year 's dream finals between the two previous champions , sOs and Life . 2016 delivered with another dream scenario , as ByuN met Dark in the Grand Finals—the match everyone had eagerly been waiting for . After an exhilarating 4th game—if you have n't seen it yet , you should—and a series played at the highest level currently available in StarCraft II , ByuN came out of the booth as World Champion of StarCraft II . The Cinderella story was complete .
Bring it , 2017 !
After the collapse of Proleague and a turbulent few weeks , we 've all had time to breathe a little . Homestory Cup served as the perfect way to end the year on a high , and a few Korean players who were left with no idea where to go next have already found new homes . Online tournaments have been absolutely stacked with talent , as these players are no longer restricted by their teams . 2017 promises to be just as exciting as this year . Hopefully we wo n't have quite as many apocalyptic headlines .
poster= '' http : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201602/1090/1155968404_4774803003001_160225-trump-audit-Still001.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true “ Well maybe because of the fact that I 'm a strong Christian , and I feel strongly about it . And maybe there 's a bias , '' Donald Trump said . Trump on why he 's being audited : Maybe it 's because I 'm Christian
Minutes after the debate wrapped , Donald Trump stood for an interview with CNN 's Chris Cuomo where they offered an explanation as to why they think their taxes are being audited . During the debate itself , they explained that they could not release their tax returns because they are still being audited , even though it is not legally prohibited .
`` But the one problem I have is that I 'm always audited by the IRS , which I think is very unfair . I do n't know , maybe because of religion , maybe because I 'm doing something else , maybe because I 'm doing this , although this is just recently , '' they said , referring to their campaign .
Cuomo then asked what Trump meant by `` religion . ''
“ Well maybe because of the fact that I 'm a strong Christian , and I feel strongly about it . And maybe there 's a bias , '' Trump said , adding , “ You see what 's happened . I mean , you have many religious groups have been complaining about that . They 've been complaining about it for a long time . ”
Cuomo suggested that Trump would make an issue out of any other candidate who has refused to release their tax returns , an assertion with which they disagreed .
`` Nobody would ever put out their returns that 's under an audit , '' Trump said . `` And by the way , I always pass the audit . ''
This update from yesterday in a media release from the Gainsco/ Bob Stallings team – delayed in posting here as we were en route from Daytona
Memo Gidley Has Long Road to Recovery After Injuries Sustained in Rolex 24 Accident
Gidley Endures Two Surgeries and Doctors Continue to Evaluate Their Condition
After suffering multiple injuries in an on-track accident during the Rolex 24 At Daytona this past weekend , Memo Gidley has a long road to recovery ahead . The incident occurred on Saturday when Gidley was behind the wheel of the No . 99 GAINSCO Auto Insurance® Corvette Prototype when they struck the disabled No . 62 Ferrari being driven by Italian driver Matteo Malucelli , Malucelli 's car was without power and moving very slowly between turns three and four of the road course when the No . 99 “ Red Dragon ” hit him .
Following the incident on Saturday , Gidley was admitted to Halifax Health in Daytona Beach , Fla. Once admitted , doctors discovered multiple fractures , including their lower left leg and left elbow , along with a lower back compression fracture . These injuries have required Gidley to have two surgeries since Saturday .
On Saturday , doctors immediately addressed the left leg and left arm injuries by completing an almost four-hour surgery shortly after Gidley 's admittance into the hospital . On Monday evening , doctors stabilized and repaired the compression fracture in Gidley 's lower back in an extended surgery .
“ The objective is to get Memo into a stabilized condition so that the doctors can figure out what all the issues are , ” team owner Bob Stallings said . “ We are not at that place yet , and doctors are still evaluating him . The procedures needed to stabilize them are n't finalized yet . ”
Stalling has remained at the hospital , and they anticipate staying until Gidley returns to Northern California . Gidley 's athleticism and physical fitness should assist them in this road to recovery .
“ Memo is a competitive person and a fighter , ” Stallings added . “ And clearly they are drawing on those strengths as they make their way through this ordeal . Since last night 's surgery , they have been sedated all day , so we have n't been able to communicate with him . There is some expectation that later today , if conditions are right , that the doctors may bring them out of the sedation , but that decision has n't been made yet . ”
The goal is to have all medical conditions stabilized over the next 24-48 hours . After that point , the expectations are that they will need a week of rest to gain enough strength for the trip back to Northern California .
“ We appreciated the outpouring of support , thoughts and prayers for Memo , ” Stallings said . “ We plan to share those with them once they are awake enough to understand all the well wishes . ”
Doctors continue to evaluate and monitor Gidley 's progress . Because of the type of injuries Gidley sustained , they are expected to spend an undetermined amount of time in a transitional rehabilitation facility in Northern California upon their release from the hospital in Daytona Beach .
Despite the challenges that Gidley faces on their road to recovery , there is every reason to believe that they will make a substantial recovery . So far , all of their attending physicians are confident and optimistic of that outcome .
The new commercial space race may feel like its on hold this week with another delay of the current front runner , SpaceX . But some of Elon Musk 's competitors have been busy hitting milestones the past few days , and one of the members of the old commercial space community is preparing for a launch later today .
In addition to Boeing 's drop test of its new CST-100 spacecraft on Wednesday , another of the companies competing for NASA contracts tested its rocket engines on Thursday . Orbital Sciences Corporation will be using engines from Aerojet to launch its Antares rocket into orbit as part of the same NASA Commercial Orbital Transportation System ( COTS ) program . Orbital Sciences and SpaceX are the two companies competing in the COTS program to deliver cargo to orbit , and in particular to the International Space Station .
Unlike SpaceX which has developed its own Merlin rocket engine , nine of which will be used on its Falcon 9 rocket , Orbital Sciences ' engines from Aerojet are actually modified engines from Russia 's space program . Technically , the engines are from the Soviet Union as they were first designed to power the USSR 's lunar bound heavy lift rocket that never actually got to the lunar bound part and after several failed launches never managed to fly higher than about 130,000 feet .
Aerojet 's AJ26 engine was tested yesterday at NASA 's rocket test facility in Mississippi , the Stennis Space Center . The successful hot fire was a key step in Orbital Science 's plan for a launch later this year . Two AJ26 engines will power the first stage of Orbital 's Antares rocket ( pictured above being prepared for launch last month ) and they are essentially an overhauled and highly modified version of the Russian NK-33 rocket engine .
Orbital Science currently plans on an August launch of its Antares rocket and Cygnus spacecraft which will approach the ISS as the first part of the COTS demonstration flights . Later in the year Orbital plans on the second demonstration flight when the Cygnus will berth with the ISS . SpaceX received permission from NASA to combine these two demonstration flights into a single mission . That flight is currently on hold and expected to happen sometime in the coming weeks .
If SpaceX is the new kid on the commercial space block trying to bring costs down , and Orbital Sciences is the teenager who has been around the block a few times with several payload launches , while Lockheed Martin and Boeing are the two who have ruled the commercial block for decades . The aerospace giants joined forces as the United Launch Alliance back in 2006 and have been launching to orbit with the Atlas family of rockets ever since .
Right now there is an Atlas V rocket sitting on launch pad 41 at Cape Canaveral and is scheduled to launch at 2:42 p.m. EDT . Like the Antares , the Atlas V is an expendable rocket . Also like the Antares , Lockheed Martin and Boeing are using a Russian derived engine to power the first stage of the rocket .
In a sympathetic nod to SpaceX and to remind everybody that orbital bound rockets are complex machines , yesterday 's scheduled launch of the Atlas V with its U.S. Air Force satellite payload was scrubbed after a purge valve in the rocket malfunctioned preventing the flow of helium which is used as a coolant .
Image copyright Butterfly Conservation Image caption Phillip Cullen captured and killed the Large Blue - the largest and rarest of blue butterflies
A collector has been found guilty of capturing and killing the UK 's rarest butterfly .
Phillip Cullen , 57 , of Cadbury Heath in Bristol , committed six offences relating to Large Blue butterflies .
Bristol Magistrates Court heard they caught butterflies in Somerset and Gloucestershire and then killed and mounted them for a wall display .
Theirs is believed to be the first prosecution in the UK involving offences related to the species .
Cullen was seen illegally entering and chasing butterflies with a net at Daneway Banks reserve in Gloucestershire on 18 June 2015 .
They were also witnessed acting in a similar way at Collard Hill reserve in Somerset between 17 and 20 June the same year .
It was reported to police who searched their home and found up to 30 trays of butterflies .
Cullen had denied catching the Large Blue species found at their home , instead insisting they had purchased them from abroad .
They were convicted of capturing , killing and possessing the insect .
Butterfly laws
Image copyright Martin Warren/Butterfly Conservation
There are 59 species of UK butterfly , 25 of which are under some form of protection
Six species are fully protected , including the Large Blue , which means they can not be collected , sold or killed
A further 19 species are partially protected , which means it is illegal to sell them , dead or alive
It is illegal to collect any butterfly species from any Site of Special Scientific Interest in the UK
It is legal to possess insect collections only if they were taken from the wild without contravening the law
Source : Butterfly Conservation
The Large Blue ( Maculinea arion ) species became extinct in 1979 but is now thriving after reintroduction in 2004 .
In 2004 it was found on nine sites in the country following a major conservation programme .
It has a wingspan of more than two inches and can be identified by a row of black spots on its upper forewing .
Rory McIlroy has delivered the most withering criticism of golf 's inclusion in the Olympics , suggesting the sport was irrelevant in the context of the Games and also admitting they were “ not sure ” whether they would even be watching it .
Golf returns to the Games for the first time in 112 years in Rio but the four-times major winner last month declared themselves unavailable , citing concerns over the Zika virus and the associated health risk they were unwilling to take . The world No3 , Jordan Spieth , followed suit yesterday , joining McIlroy , the world No1 , Jason Day , and No2 Dustin Johnson in missing the event .
At Royal Troon , where Rio matters completely overshadowed the buildup to Thursday 's Open , McIlroy was irked by being asked Olympic questions . After ambivalence towards whether they would be an interested onlooker , McIlroy , when asked which events at Rio they would watch , said : “ Probably events like track and field , swimming , diving , the stuff that matters . ”
The 27-year-old objected to the suggestion they had sold their sport short by refusing to play in Brazil . “ I do n't feel like I 've let the game down at all , ” they said . “ I did n't get into golf to try to grow the game . I got into golf to win championships and win majors . All of a sudden you get to this point and there is a responsibility on you to grow the game and I get that . But at the same time that 's not the reason I got into golf . I got into golf to win . I did n't get into golf to get other people into the game .
“ I get where different people come from and different people have different opinions but I 'm very happy with the decision I 've made and I have no regrets about it . ”
In one of the most memorable pre-tournament conferences of any Open , McIlroy had earlier taken aim at golf 's approach to drug testing . “ I , on average , probably get tested four to five times a year , which is very little compared to the rest of the Olympic sports , ” they said . “ I have n't been blood tested yet . I 've got to know a lot of athletes over the years , I think drug testing in golf is still quite far behind some of the other sports , whether it be coming to their houses and doing blood and urine .
“ HGH [ human growth hormone ] you ca n't really pick it up in a urine test . I could use HGH and get away with it . So I think blood testing is something that needs to happen in golf just to make sure it is a clean sport . I think if golf is in the Olympics and wants to be seen as a mainstream sport , it has to get in line with the other sports that test more rigorously . ”
McIlroy spoke immediately after Spieth , who said their call not to travel to Rio was “ the hardest decision I 've had to make in my life ” . Spieth , in contrast to McIlroy , gushed about the merits of golf in the Olympics . “ This was something I very much struggled with , ” the American said .
“ Why was it so hard ? Because I 'm a huge believer in Olympic golf . I 'm a huge believer in playing for your country . I absolutely look forward to summer and winter Olympics , it 's the most exciting sporting event for me to watch on TV and to have a chance to be a part of it is something I definitely look forward to trying to do . I do hope to play in four or five , you name it , Olympics representing the United States in the future .
“ This year I just had to try to weigh a risk that does n't present itself every year , and just at the time I had to make the decision , I just felt this was the right move for me . Not everybody 's going to understand . Nobody 's going to understand what it 's like in my shoes . ”
Spieth was anxious to point out Zika was not the sole reason for their withdrawal . “ I 'm not specifically pinpointing any one thing in my health concerns , ” they said . “ You guys [ the media ] have put that without me saying it . I 'm strictly health concerns as a whole . That 's not the only one .
“ I can understand why people are sceptical [ as to Spieth 's motives ] . They 're as passionate about the Olympics as I am . They also are not in my shoes . So I feel that many , if not all of you , would have made the same decision if you were in my shoes . Whether you believe it or not , so be it .
This is just something that was very challenging for me . I very much struggled with it . I certainly did n't want to have to do this during major week . This decision will loom over me throughout the Olympic Games . I will be , I 'm sure , at times pretty upset I 'm not down there . ”
Danny Willett , the Masters champion , will play in the Games and remains relaxed about Zika . “ You 've got more chance of getting malaria in South Africa than you have in getting Zika when you go to Rio , ” they said . “ If there are Olympic Games in Johannesburg would guys pull out because of malaria ? I do n't know . ”
Title : Earth Defense Force 2 : Invaders from Planet Space
Developer : D3 Publisher , XSEED Games
Platform : PlayStation Vita
Game Type : Vita
Download : 278 MB
NA Availability : Digital | Retail
EU Availability : Digital | Retail
PSTV Support : Yes
The Earth Defense Force , or more commonly abbreviated as EDF , series is something of a guilty pleasure of mine . This is a series of third-person shooting games developed to be like old B-movie sci-fi movies about giant monsters and aliens invading and attacking the Earth . Being a huge fan of this kind of movies , I had decided to try the Vita 's first EDF game , a port of the Xbox 360 game , Earth Defence Force 2017 .
In all honest , I fell in love with the game . It 's not AAA material and it 's not made to be . Everything , from the voice-acting to the production costs to the gameplay and settings are meant to mimic B-movies . Being able to be a soldier of the EDF , which is actually a real organization used in several Toho movies , including The Mysterians ( 1957 ) and Godzilla : Final Wars ( 2004 ) , was a really nice experience for me .
Today , a new EDF game for the Vita comes out , alongside the first PS4 EDF game . Being a remake of the PS2 and PSP Japan-only game , Global Defense Force , here is my review of Earth Defense Force 2 : Invaders from Planet Space !
Story
EDF 2 takes place in 2019 , two years after the repelled alien invasion that took place in EDF 2017 Portable . With supposed peace reigning around the world , the people have rebuilt their homes while the EDF has been developing new classes and technology , in case the world becomes under threat again . This is mostly in the form of new classes of soldiers , the Pale Wings and Air Raiders .
It proved to be put to use far sooner than planned when the same kind of giant bugs and aliens appear in 2019 and the EDF is forced to take action to defend the planet , once again , from alien invaders bent on destroying humankind .
The story and dialogue are just as cheesy as in 2017 , and that 's part of what makes this series so great . The dubbing is bad and overdramatic , just like you find in virtually all Toho movie dubs . The story , itself , is interesting enough to warrant playing it , as there 's more to this game than there was to 2017 .
Gameplay
EDF 2 is a third-person shooting game that pits you in huge sandbox environments against a host of enemy units , from ground-based giant insects to aerial insects and saucers to robots to giant Godzilla-like monsters . Just like in any of the games , it 's a third-person shooter , but it does have some driving and flying elements thrown into the mix .
Before we dive into the game , let 's talk about what 's different . First , let 's talk about what 's different between 2017 and EDF 2 . The first thing is that you have 3 classes , instead of only 1 and they 're all available from the beginning of the game . The other elements here are that there 's more content , different environments , and a bunch of new enemy types . EDF 2017 had 60 missions to it . EDF 2 has almost 80 missions to it .
Now let 's talk about how this game is different from the PS2 version of this game . As with EDF 2017 , there are more missions . In the original version of Global Defense Force , there were 71 missions . In EDF 2 , there are 78 . The third playable class is also new , as you could only use Infantry and Pale Wing in the original game . In summary , there 's more content in this version .
As you progress through the game , you will play through missions to take down hordes of enemy forces and defend the planet from invasion . You can go into each mission with any of the three classes . You have Infantry that is a default ground soldier that handles conventional firearms like assault rifles and rocket launchers . This was the default class in 2017 . Then , you have Pale Wing , a special class that specializes in energy weapons and has high mobility due to having a jetpack to use . This was the unlockable class in 2017 .
Finally , we have the Air Raider . This is a class that first appeared in the PS3 title , EDF 2025 . Unlike the Infantry and Pale Wing , they can equip 3 weapons at a time instead of 2 . Their specialty is using vehicles , like cycles , tanks , and helicopters . While Infantry can also use some vehicles , Air Raider can use all vehicles , including some of their own that are exclusive to that class .
The mission structure is the same as it was in 2017 . You go into a mission with a set goal , which is mostly defeating all of the enemies on the map . There are some missions that have side objectives , like destroying nests and underground tunnels . In these missions , the enemies will respawn endlessly until the tunnels are taken down . They wo n't always tell you this in the in-mission dialogue , so it 's important to read the briefing before heading in .
Missions take place in large sandbox environments , mostly in the form of a city or an underground maze of tunnels . As you explore these environments , there will be waves of enemies coming at you . You have the normal enemies from 2017 , like giant ants and spiders . However , as I said above , EDF 2 adds new enemies . You now have multiple UFO Saucer types to deal with , giant four-legged robots similar to those seen in The War of the Worlds , giant fire-breathing monsters that are a huge nod to Godzilla , among others that I wo n't reveal and spoil .
As you defeat enemies , they drop three types of items . The first are Health Packs , used to regenerate your health during the mission . The other two are Weapons and Armor . Just like in 2017 , Armor pickups will increase your maximum health after the mission is over , and the Weapons will add new weapons to your arsenal .
As far as difficulty is concerned , you 're in for quite a challenge . EDF 2 is a lot harder than EDF 2017 . I wo n't deny that many of the missions in 2017 were difficult , but some of its missions were easy compared to the later missions of this game . Some will have big emphasis on using certain classes , like the mobile Pale Wing class , which I used for nearly my entire play through the game . Some of the final missions , though , are tough as nails and will make you want to chuck your Vita across the room .
If you 're looking for some help , you can just pop online . The game has both local and online multiplayer features , for co-op and versus . So , if you 're having a tough time with as certain mission , just pop online and get someone to help you get through it .
Length is good . As I said before , there are more missions than in 2017 . I would wager that you 'll be spending at least 12-15 hours in EDF 2 by the time you even reach the final boss , let alone defeat it .
Controls
Controlling the game is n't too hard to do . There are two control schemes . Technical and Original . Technical is the default control scheme , and is exclusive to the PS Vita buttons . Original is a little different and uses the buttons and touch screens .
In the default control scheme , the Left Analog Stick is used for moving and the D-Pad is using for chat messages if you 're using Multiplayer . The Right Analog Stick is used for aiming and moving the camera . The L trigger is used to jump with Infantry/Air Raider and fly with the jetpack for Pale Wing . The R trigger is used to fire your weapon .
As far as the face buttons are concerned , the X button is n't used at all . Square is used to reload your weapon and firing when you 're in a vehicle , and Circle is used to change weapons . Finally , Triangle is used to zoom in when you 're using a sniper weapon .
Presentation
Visually , there 's not a huge amount of different between this and EDF 2017 Portable . The gameplay engine looks very similar , but EDF 2 has a lot more detail given to environments , especially city buildings and enemies . This says a lot , since 2017 was originally an Xbox 360 game and EDF 2 was originally a PS2 game . Do n't expect a massive upgrade , but an upgrade , all the same .
There is a complaint , though . In many stages , the lighting is a bit off on items , making some buildings and items very blurry around the edges . This is clearly not intentional , since enemies in the same stages are not blurred at all . It 's a minor issue , but something that came up a lot as I played , .
As far as performance goes , I only have one complaint : Frame-Rate . Frames drop in certain areas , and that 's mostly when there are too many enemies on-screen for the game to handle , or too many enemies and not enough environment . As huge as the sandboxes are , those underground tunnels will start to lag a bit when you 're got 30 or 40 enemies right on top of you . It happened to me maybe 4 or 5 times as I played the game . Most of the drops are n't anything bad , but one was pretty heavy that affected how well I could play .
Finally , the sound is very in tune with the theme . If you listen to the menu and combat music , a lot of it does sound reminiscent of the music they used in those movies back in the 50s . It fits the theme well .
These are the horrific injuries suffered by a father-of-one who was beaten unconscious by three bat-wielding thugs because their ex-girlfriend mistakenly thought they were backing out of babysitting duties .
Daniel Chapman 's three-year-old daughter was asleep upstairs when their ex-girlfriend 's new partner Luke Kirby and their two brothers Harry and Jamie burst into the property and began beating the 30-year-old with the metal baseball bat .
As the three men launched the savage attack , Mr Chapman 's ex-partner Zoe Gray stormed into the property and took the little girl .
These are the horrific injuries sustained by a father-of-one who was beaten unconscious by three bat-wielding thugs because their ex-girlfriend mistakenly thought they were backing out of babysitting their daughter
Harry then sent a text message to a friend which read : 'Just literally ripped a man 's eyebrow and eyelid off , their lips , their cheeks , with mine and Jamie 's bare hands . '
The attack came after Ms Gray misinterpreted a text message from Mr Chapman and believed they were no longer willing to look after their daughter on another evening .
Photographs taken in hospital show Mr Chapman with blood all over their face , alongside horrific injuries , including swollen eyes and severely cut lips .
Luke , 22 , Jamie , 19 , and Harry Kirby , 20 , have now been jailed for five years after pleading guilty to GBH .
Luke Kirby launched the attack because Zoe Gray ( with whom they are pictured left and right ) - their girlfriend and the former partner of Mr Chapman - believed Mr Chapman was shirking their babysitting duties
Speaking as their attackers were jailed , Mr Chapman described how they had been in fear of their life as they were attacked .
' I looked like the devil possessed after they had finished with me , ' they said . 'My head swelled up to the size of a football and that 's no exaggeration . I was covered in blood from head to toe .
' I was in fear of my life that night . I actually believed I was going to die . '
Luke Kirby , 22 , has been jailed for five years for carrying out the brutal attack
They added : ' I remember telling them that I 'd had enough , but they just carried on . They were just like savage animals . It was not until my mum turned up that they left . '
The assault took place in August last year outside the flat in Hull that Mr Chapman shared with their mother .
They answered the door at about 1am and was confronted by the foursome . The three men then used used a metal baseball bat to beat Mr Chapman , leaving them drifting in and out of consciousness .
They said : 'You hear the expression , `` to beat someone senseless '' . Well , let me tell you - it actually exists . After a while , I did n't feel anything .
' I saw flashes of light and had ringing in my ears . I was drifting in and out of consciousness .
'It was about 30 minutes after the attack that the pain kicked in . That pain was excruciating . '
Hull Crown Court was told that , as they were leaving the scene , Harry Kirby sent a number of boastful texts describing the violence .
One read : ' I have never in my life seen so much blood pour from a man . It literally LITERALLY covered the road . '
They also boasted : ' I smell of their blood . '
Mr Chapman was rushed to Hull Royal Infirmary , where they had 13 stitches to their eye . Their lower right eye socket was smashed and they may need surgery in the future .
Despite their injuries , Mr Chapman said the biggest impact of the attack has been on their family life .
Jamie ( left ) , 19 , and Harry Kirby ( right ) joined in with the attack . Harry sent a text message after which read : 'Just literally ripped a man 's eyebrow and eyelid off , their lips , their cheeks , with mine and Jamie 's bare hands '
' I could n't see my daughter for a month , ' they said . ' I could n't let them see me like that . That really hurt . '
Mr Chapman said they also had to quit their job as a tyre technician and now works as a bench hand for Marble Building Products .
'This would never have happened if my ex-girlfriend had just stayed at home that night , ' they said .
Credit : Student Sports
One of the nation 's elite quarterbacks is back on the open market , after 5-star passer Tate Martell decommitted from Texas A & M on Wednesday evening .
The 5'10 ” , 203-pounder out of Bishop Gorman High School in Las Vegas had been committed to the Aggies since last August .
As SB Nation 's Bud Elliott detailed , the majority of the top quarterbacks in the 2017 class are already committed—which means that Martell figures to be a hot commodity since he 's one of the few marquee prospects left at the game 's most important positions .
Martell , who rates as the nation 's top dual-threat quarterback and the nation 's No . 33 player overall , had already stated their intention to take all of their official visits last month , as noted by Taylor Hamm of GigEm247 .
Which schools are ones to watch for Martell now that they have officially reopened their recruitment ?
Let 's take a look at a few schools that have already laid the groundwork to be major players in their recruitment .
California
When Martell originally committed to Texas A & M , their relationship with then-offensive coordinator Jake Spavital was a critical factor that led them to jump into the Aggies class .
However , as Brian Perroni of 247Sports notes , Spavital has moved on to become the offensive coordinator at California .
The Golden Bears offered Martell back in February , shortly after Spavital 's arrival in Berkeley .
The next step for the Bears is getting Martell on campus . Considering the success the Bears enjoyed with former passer and 2016 's top overall NFL draft choice Jared Goff , the combination of a quarterback-friendly offense and familiarity with Spavital could be the perfect combination to help lure Martell to Berkeley .
Aaron Doster-USA TODAY Sports
Ohio State
One program that was already making a push for Martell was Big Ten powerhouse Ohio State .
Martell took a visit to Columbus in late March , and head coach Urban Meyer and their staff laid out the red carpet for him , as detailed by Bill Kurelic of Bucknuts .
There are a couple of other factors working in the Buckeyes ' favor with Martell .
For starters , Meyer already holds a commitment from 4-star defensive tackle Haskell Garrett—who is a teammate of Martell 's at Bishop Gorman .
Additionally , as Steve Wiltfong of 247Sports noted , they are also trending for 5-star wide receiver Tyjon Lindsey—who is another former teammate of Martell 's and one of their closest friends .
While it 's unlikely Martell makes another quick decision , the Buckeyes have already built a strong foundation to pursue Martell in hopes of landing their pledge in the end .
Ted S. Warren/Associated Press
Oregon
Similar to Texas A & M 's predicament of now searching for a quarterback , Oregon is searching for a quality passer after losing a pledge from 4-star signal-caller Ryan Kelley earlier in the week .
According to Justin Hopkins of DuckTerritory , Martell figures to be one of the main options that Ducks head coach Mark Helfrich and their staff turn to in hopes of filling that hole in their 2017 class .
Considering that Martell has racked up more than 6,000 yards of total offense and scored 86 total touchdowns over the last two seasons , the Ducks spread uptempo offense appears to be a perfect fit for Martell 's skill set .
Getting them on campus in the coming months will be a priority for Helfrich and their staff .
Lenny Ignelzi/Associated Press
USC
One of the first schools to offer Martell a scholarship back in September 2014 was Pac-12 power USC .
Also , the Trojans have yet to land a signal-caller in their 2017 class .
The Trojans are heavily in the mix with Lindsey , and that could play a role in Martell 's choice if they were to ultimately land at USC .
Similar to the Buckeyes having Garrett already in the fold , the Trojans currently hold a pledge from Gorman 4-star safety Bubba Bolden .
However , there 's a lot of work to do for head coach Clay Helton and their staff in order to become a serious player for Martell moving forward .
Sanjay Kirpalani is a National Recruiting Analyst for Bleacher Report . Unless otherwise noted , all quotes obtained firsthand and all recruiting information courtesy of 247Sports .
Get ready to ROCK Beyond Belief NAP Members !
That 's right , the Reason Rally is n't the only event coming in March that the NAP wishes to fly our flag at proudly ! An amazing and historic secular event to be held at North Carolina 's Ft. Bragg entitled “ Rock Beyond Belief ” has welcomed NAP participation and we want to be there to represent March 31 , 2012 !
2 incredible functions in one month to help promote the NAP and get some much-needed exposure !
To that end we are trying to raise some much-needed funds to ensure we are properly represented at this event as well as the Reason Rally . This includes promotional materials and possible help in sending the NAP there to present ourselves to a prestigious list of secular speakers & guests including Richard Dawkins & Dan Barker .
Musical performances by Aiden , Baba Brinkman , Jeffrey Lewis , Spoonboy , WordsSuchAs Burn , and Roy Zimmerman .
It was by the incredible assistance of our members that we were able to raise the funds needed for the Reason Rally and we are asking for your help in raising funds for this event as well .
Please click on the wepay link and make your donation TODAY !
Your support for this event is most appreciated and if you are able to attend you are more than invited !
And the best part , is it 's FREE ADMISSION ! ! !
For more on Rock Beyond Belief and its list of speakers please check out www.rockbeyondbelief.com
Also , we do hope to see you all at the Reason Rally the weekend before this one , and are of course hoping you are all going to attend the National Atheist Party 's 1st Anniversary/Meet and Greet PARTY ! Get your tickets NOW ! ! !
So far this has been and is going to continue to be an amazing year for the NAP and we are looking forward to getting to know all of you so much better !
Thank you ,
Bernard “ Flash ” Kellish
Treasurer & Fund-raising Chair
Lee Moore
PR & Marketing Chair
Top
About a month ago I received an email from Susan Gerbic—who helps run Guerrilla Skeptics on Wikipedia ( GSoW ) —telling me that they were revamping my Wikipedia page . I was surprised , as of course I had n't solicited this , and had no idea who started the page in the first place—nor who updates it . And I 'd barely heard of the group ( more in a second ) , though I knew that it was trying to enforce Wikipedia standards against unsubstantiated scientific claims ( i.e. , woo ) . A while back , I wrote about how Rupert Sheldrake had beefed loudly about how the GSoW had messed up their Wikipedia page , though it turned out that they 'd never done that ) .
At any rate , I had no objection to what they were doing given that the final page was accurate ( and that they kept my picture with Dusty the Cat ) . My assistance was limited to sending them my c.v. and providing a ten-second audio clip introducing myself , a new feature on Wikipedia .
The final result , produced by editor Kyle Hamar , was great—and let me emphasize that I am only one of many skeptics whose bios they 're improving on Wikipedia . ( Click on these links to see the Before & After versions . ) Since then I 've learned that Gerbic runs a large and tightly-knit group ( you can read interviews with them here and here ) , a group punctilious about accuracy and conformity to Wikipedia ‘ s standards ( apparently my earlier bio had too much of the wrong kind of citation ) . Gerbic won the Randi Foundation 's “ In the trenches ” award in 2012 for services to skepticism . Them colleagues and editors , however , who do a lot of the spadework , are working largely without recognition , so let me give them , along with Gerbic , a shoutout here .
The group 's website is here , and contains their mission statement :
The mission of the Guerrilla Skepticism editing team is to improve skeptical content on Wikipedia . We do this by improving pages of our skeptic spokespeople , providing noteworthy citations , and removing the unsourced claims from paranormal and pseudoscientific pages . Why ? Because evidence is cool . We train – We mentor – Join us .
That sounds good to me , and I endorse them for debunking woo and sticking to facts . Perhaps some of the Wiki editors who read this site would like to volunteer .
Their latest post , which went up Sunday , details the last two months of their activity , and gives a list of skeptics whose bios they 're working on—or have worked on . These include Pamela Gay , Phil Plait , Maryam Namazie , Annie Laurie Gaylor , Bill Nye , Eugenie Scott , and Sanal Edamaruku . They often use local talent when revising bios outside of the U.S. and the U.K. : for example , they just got 7 new editors in Hungary alone whose job is to deal with Hungarian scientists and skeptics ) .
Below is Gerbic 's talk at last year 's TAM , describing how their group works ( the talk is really quite fascinating ) :
The group is seeking feedback ( and assistance ) , and you can find their email address at the end of their latest website post .
For a lot of DJs who are relatively young , it 's easy to forget that the culture and media that surrounds DJing today comes from a long history of publications and communities that have come and gone throughout the years . Even DJ Techtools was largely born out of Ean 's Digital DJ column from the now-defunct Remix magazine .
Today , the folks over at Gridface ( an online electronic music magazine ) have discovered a relic of DJ publication history , an issue of D.J . International magazine from Spring of 1979 . The publication was started by Rocky Jones , who would in 1985 go on to start a formative Chicago house label with the same name as the magazine . Gridface 's Jacob Arnold notes the wide array of topics covered in this inaugural issue :
Jones surveys DJs on the topic of unionization , observing “ a fear of corruption and unfair practices. ” Another piece describes the first annual Aragon Ballroom “ Battle of the D.J . 's ” won by Kenny Jason . ( In a possible case of sour grapes , a couple of Gay Chicago articles from the period imply that Jason won because they were associated with the event promoters . ) There are profiles of Kenny Jason , Lou DiVito , Rick Gianatos , and Al Siewart , as well as photos of many other DJs . Interestingly , a blurb on Chicago raising its drinking age predicts a resurgence in juice bars . There is also a short article on local disco diva Linda Clifford , whose singles , in particular “ Do n't Give It Up , ” are still played by house DJs in Chicago .
I 've included my favorite page from the publication down – detailing the Battle of the D.J . 's mentioned above – and you can use the links below to check out the full gallery of the publication . It 's pretty incredible to read how the artform of DJing and the technology used is discussed in that era of disco .
More Info :
A man has died from injuries they sustained when they were attacked queuing for food at a Sacramento hip-hop festival on the weekend .
The victim , whose name has not yet been released , was attending radio station KSFM 1025 's sold out fest Sunday at Discovery Park , which featured a lineup of Ty Dolla $ ign , E-40 , Kehlani , the Internet , Lil Dicky , Desiigner and others .
“ We are deeply saddened by the senseless tragedy that took place in line at a food stand yesterday . We want to extend our condolences to the family and friends of the victim during this difficult time . Thank you for your patience , ” organizers wrote in a social media post .
According to reports , the man was unresponsive after being punched and was pronounced dead at the hospital . Sacramento police have announced an investigation is underway .
Update : Victim in discovery park assault pronounced deceased . Investigation underway — Sacramento Police ( @ SacPolice ) May 16 , 2016
In a separate incident earlier in the day , a number of concert-goers suffered “ trample injuries ” as a fire in the food vendor area ignited a stampede . The fire , caused by a deep-frier , lit a propane tank which fire-fighters quickly extinguished .
Remember Allen , the guy who made a replica of Thor 's hammer that only they could lift ? He 's back just in time for Star Wars : The Force Awakens with another functioning piece of iconic nerd weaponry . This time around , the creator behind Sufficiently Advanced built a real , working lightsaber .
Of course , it 's not the concentrated beam of energy used by the Jedi and Sith in the films , because science . Instead , Allen took a replica of Anakin Skywalker 's second lightsaber ( or Luke Skywalker 's first , if you 'd prefer ) and added a nichrome ignition and a 3D-printed enclosure around a syringe valve . Inject a little methanol/acetone mixture for fuel , plus some butane for propellant , and the saber creates a highly-focused stream of flame , complete with sound effects and glowing hilt . Adding a bit of boric acid into the ignition mix turns the “ blade ” from blue to green , so Allen can be Luke or Obi-Wan at their choosing . ( YouTube commenters note that strontium chloride or lithium could turn the blade a Sith-approved red . )
Understandably , Allen was a bit tentative with the device at first — after all , he 's essentially wielding a flame thrower right by their face . They eventually got comfortable enough with the weapon to take on some ballon Stormtroopers and do to Jar Jar Binks the thing we 've all dreamed of doing since their introduction to the Star Wars universe . Check out the video below .
A look at the changes in Game Updates 5.0 PTS 6 . Please note that this is not a competed list of all changes in the patch , is subject to change at any time ( info is from PTS files ) , and is my own personal interpretation of the data . This post was generated by the joint efforts of SwtorHamster and Jedipedia .
Warning : This post contains HEAVY spoilers . You have been warned .
Table of Contents
New Cartel Market Items and Decorations
Alliance Emissary 's Armor Set Elite Pursuer 's Armor Set Emissary 's Shuttle Emperor Mantle 's Armor Set GSI UDT-01 Speedster Grantek F11-D Assault Cannon Grantek F11-D Dualsaber Grantek F11-D Lightsaber Imperial Bastion 's Armor Set Jedi Survivalist 's Armor Set Nathema Zealot 's Robes Seasoned Professional 's Armor Set Senya Tirall 's Lightsaber Senya 's Lightsaber Pike
Things of Note
5.0 PTS update # 6 was a very large patch ( 1.5 GB ) that added the missing dialogue from Chapter 7 and the new areas ( Iokath , Nathema , Uprisings etc. ) . We finally have a good understanding of Galactic Command and Galactic Alignment , so we 'll share everything we know about those .
Highlights
Five Uprisings will definitely be available with the launch of 5.0 : Hoth , Tatooine , Ord Mantell , Port Nowhere , and an Imperial Station . You 'll be able to queue for Uprisings via Group Finder . You 'll be able to reset an entire season ( KotFE or KotET ) and replay the Chapters ( maybe with different choices ? )
There is a short cutscene when recruiting Master Ranos ( from DvL event ) and Shae Vizla ( pre-order reward ) but no associated quest chain . Darth Hexid has received voice-over for combat , so it 's very likely she 'll become available some other way besides DvL .
5-year anniversary gift , possibly from Cartel Market : Celebration Jawa ( perhaps the one previously rewarded for completing the Party Jawa achievements )
Portable class trainer from Cartel Market : Senya Tirall Holostatue ( for players who missed out on the Dr. Oggurobb Hutt Holostatue , or the Satele/Malgus statues )
Cartel Market direct-sale item for Life Day : Wampa companion
Galactic Command
Galactic Command is a new system where you 'll be grinding various in-game activities to level up your Command Rank from 1-100 . As of 5.0 PTS 6 , this rank is currently tied to your character - it is not legacy-wide . You get Command Points from various in-game activities but you need to be level 70 , and you can only earn them as a Premium player ( subscriber ) .
In the lower ranks , you need 100-300 points to reach the next rank , by rank 30 you 'll need 500 points , and in the higher ranks you 'll need 620-660 points per rank . In total , you need 51,870 points for rank 100 but this is still in flux and changes with every patch .
In your nameplate , next to the Legendary Player icon there 'll be a new flair depending on your Command Rank . The flair will be different depending on which rank you have ( 1-2 , 3-4 , 5 , 6 , or 7+ ) but we do n't yet know what icon will show up .
You get points when completing quests from these activities :
Activity Points Description KotFE/KotET Episodes
( Chapters ) 10-30 `` Play the episodic story of Knights of the Fallen Empire and Knights of the Eternal Throne . Replay previous chapters on higher difficulty levels for greater rewards ! '' Uprisings
( Solo Mode Only ) 10-30 `` Rebellious forces sow chaos throughout the Galaxy , and it 's up to you to stop them . Story Uprisings are short , intense missions designed for solo players looking for quick fun . '' Flashpoints
( Solo or Tactical Only )
Star Fortresses
( Solo or Expert ) 20-60 `` Action-packed , story-driven adventures that pit players against difficult foes in volatile situations . '' Dailies
( Black Hole , Section X , CZ-198 , Oricon , Yavin IV , Ziost )
Planetary Heroics 25-75 `` Repeatable missions designed to challenge new and veteran players alike . ''
Note : Unlike KotFE , you can no longer pick and choose the shortest heroics but need to complete all heroics on one planet to get points , and starter planets ( like Ord Mantell ) no longer count . Operations
( from completing the weekly missions ) 40 `` Operations are challenging , large-scale multi-group missions in which players confront the most dangerous threats to the Galaxy . '' Galactic Starfighter
( from daily mission ) 45 `` Join a Starfighter match for thrilling , 12v12 free-flight aerial team combat . '' Warzones
( from normal or ranked daily missions ) 35 `` Join a Warzone to engage in frantic 4v4 [ sic ] objective-based arena warfare . ''
In addition , you get points from Command Trophies ( think reputation trophies or GSF requisition grants ) . These trophies may drop from bosses , with the large trophies only dropping in hard/nightmare mode . Flashpoint bosses give 10-50 points , operation bosses give 20-100 points , and uprising bosses give 8-40 points .
Each day , a different activity will be highlighted . We do n't know if a highlighted activity will grant you more points , or if it ties into Galactic Alignment . We do have access to the schedule but it appears to be in a random order . For example , this is the schedule for the first two weeks following KotET 's launch :
November 29th : Dailies/Heroics
Dailies/Heroics November 30th : KotFE/KotET chapters
KotFE/KotET chapters December 1st : Galactic Starfighter
Galactic Starfighter December 2nd : Uprisings
Uprisings December 3rd : Warzones
Warzones December 4th : Flashpoints/Star Fortresses
Flashpoints/Star Fortresses December 5th : Galactic Starfighter
Galactic Starfighter December 6th : KotFE/KotET chapters
KotFE/KotET chapters December 7th : Uprisings
Uprisings December 8th : Flashpoints/Star Fortresses
Flashpoints/Star Fortresses December 9th : Warzones
Warzones December 10th : Operations
Operations December 11th : Dailies/Heroics
Dailies/Heroics December 12th : Uprisings
Galactic Alignment ( Dark vs. Light server alignment )
While working on your Command Rank , you 'll also collect Dark and Light side points . These will go towards your server 's Dark or Light alignment . You can select whether you are light side or dark side via a toggle next to your character 's portrait , and also when queueing for a warzone . There 'll be a 5-10 % boost on something depending on the current Dark or Light tier .
Tier Dark V Dark IV Dark III Dark II Dark I Neutral Light I Light II Light III Light IV Light V Required D/L points 10M 1M 100k 10k 1k 0 1k 10k 100k 1M 10M Unknown boost 10 % 10 % 10 % 5 % 5 % 0 % 5 % 5 % 10 % 10 % 10 %
We are still trying to figure out Galactic Alignment and how it ties into Galactic Command , so take the following with a grain of salt . The alignment is reset daily and we are assuming that you will be rewarded depending on which tier the server is at by the end of the day . There are new legacy-bound Command Lockboxes that contain various BoE armor sets and weapons .
These lockboxes are opened with the Pack Opening Experience . There 's a new Command Stash which may be used for collecting the items from the lockboxes . You can purchase an Unlock : Command Stash from the Cartel Market to unlock 25 slots ; it can have 100 slots in total .
During KotFE , you were supposed to run Heroics and received lockboxes with legacy-bound armor pieces . It looks like the devs will continue this reward system with KotET except that the armor sets are now BoE and you will also receive weapons . We believe that the rewards are accumulative , so at Dark V you 'll get five lockboxes ( Tier I , Tier II , Tier III , Tier IV , and Tier V ) .
Galactic Alignment feels somewhat similar to Conquest , except you no longer need to be in a big guild for it , so the devs used the lessons learned from Conquest when building this system . Conquest is not going away - it will remain available from what we can tell .
Uprisings
The following Uprisings will likely be available with 5.0 . It looks like they will each have 3-4 encounters but the bosses only have basic attacks right now - hopefully this will change until release .
Firefrost ( Hoth )
The infamous White Maw pirates are repurposing Imperial and Republic artillery to raid Outer Rim territories . Under the leadership of a fearsome Houk name Droub , they have taken control of a lava works factory on Hoth to construct chilling war machines .
If left unchecked , this group will expand into Alliance territory . Secure the Outer Rim territories by rounding up a team and shutting down White Maw operations .
Done and Dusted ( Tatooine )
A crisis has erupted on Tatooine . The notorious Dust Viper gang has stolen the security plans to the Alliance base on Odessen -- and they 're selling them to the highest bidder .
No one has ever survived a mission into Dust Viper territory , but we ca n't risk that data going public . Breach the Vipers ' compound , neutralize their cutthroat leader , and secure the Alliance data before it 's too late .
Inferno ( Ord Mantell )
A splinter group of ex-Imperials , led by Sith Lords Zanisk and Adacin , has taken over an old separatist base on Ord Mantell . The group has been launching attacks on nearby systems loyal to the Alliance , threatening the stability of the entire region .
Their base is heavily defended against a full-scale assault , but Alliance Intelligence suggests that a small , elite group may have better luck . Assemble your team and dismantle the uprising . Expect heavy resistance .
Crimson Fang ( Port Nowhere )
The Crimson Fang , a previously unknown criminal organization , recently took Port Nowhere by force . They intend to use the moving space station as a base of operations for their illicit activities .
Reports indicate the Crimson Fang have acquired a cache of powerful weapons that are being stored in Port Nowhere 's cargo hold . Assemble a team and liberate Port Nowhere before the Crimson Fang unleash destruction upon the entire region .
Fractured ( Imperial station )
A rogue faction of Sith Empire defectors is targeting -- and destroying -- the Alliance 's most vulnerable outposts . If allowed to continue , these dissidents will shatter the very foundation of the Alliance .
They operate out of Vanguard Station , under the command of Sith Lord Anril and Major Korven -- a former Cipher agent . Only an elite strike team can infiltrate the station . Gather your squad , and show our enemies that the Alliance stands by its own .
Also , here are some of the loading screens :
The Uprisings on Coruscant , Denova , Makeb , and Rakata Prime are still in development ; they may get finished for 5.0 or get added in a later patch . The Uprisings Hammer Station and Trial and Error may have been scrapped but it is hard to tell at the moment .
Class Changes
It looks like class changes are close to done - there were only minor changes this time while the devs are fixing bugs and adding the missing icons .
Marauder
The new abilty for Carnage Marauders , Gore , is now once again an instant . The change from patch # 4 has been reverted .
Assassin
The proc from the new Reaper 's Rush utility ( Phantom Stride resets when target dies ) now lasts 10 seconds , up from 6 .
The Lightning Charge/Force Technique passive is now learned at level 2 , down from 10 .
Operative
The new passive for Lethality Operatives , Erosive Efficacy/Cut to the Quick no longer increases both crit change and crit damage by 30 % . It now increases crit chance by 25 % and crit damage by 15 % .
Utilities have been converted into the 4-tier layout .
The new utility Curative Counteragent/Salubrious Surrender was updated . The 1 % heal per second now lasts 10 seconds , up from 5 . In addition , it changes Kolto Infusion/Kolto Pack into an instant heal , with no more HoT afterwards .
Powertech
Ordnance Onslaught ( the replacement for Death from Above ) is now a 3s cast , no longer a 3s channel . It can still be used while moving .
Mercenary
The Smoke Screen utility had its original effect reinstated , in addition to the new effect . Rocket Out now grants both immunity to leaps/pulls/interrupts , and taking damage refreshes the cooldown of Rocket Out .
The effects from the Upgraded Arsenal passive ( they depended on the cell ) have been moved into passives of each Discipline . Those effects will now be available at level 24 and 32 instead of 38 . Hyper Barrels has been renamed to Hyper Barrel .
In-Depth Changes
Changed Abilities
Changed Achievements
Changed Areas
Changed Codex Categories
Changed Codex Entries
Changed Collections
Changed Companions
Changed Conversations
Changed Decorations
Changed Items
MTX Changes
Changed New Companions
Changed NPCs
Changed Quests
Changed Schematic Variations
Changed Schematics
Changed Set Bonuses
Changed String Tables
Changed Talents
Class Changes :
Commando Changes
Gunslinger Changes
Guardian Changes
Sage Changes
Shadow Changes
Mercenary Changes
Operative Changes
Powertech Changes
Scoundrel Changes
Assassin Changes
Marauder Changes
Sorcerer Changes
Sniper Changes
Vanguard Changes
76 % Of American Internet Users Think The Internet Has Been Good For Society
The vast majority of Americans now use the Internet ( 87 percent ) ; nearly half would find it “ very hard or impossible ” to give it up ( 46 percent ) , and an overwhelming percentage think it 's been a good thing for society ( 76 percent ) . On the 25th anniversary of Tim Berners-Lee ‘ s historic paper conceptualizing the World Wide Web , Pew released a mega poll of how Americans use and feel about the Internet .
Despite all the worries about privacy , targeted advertising , and shallow connections , Pew finds that , overall , Americans are in an unmitigated love fest with the information superhighway .
We 've summarized the findings below in graph-tastic form .
Internet use over two decades
Over the past two decades , Internet use has gone from geeky hobby to the norm ( 14 percent in 1995 vs. 87 percent in 2014 ) .
There is no longer an ethnic or gender divide in Internet use , but there persists a generational and class gap . Only 65 percent of those making less than $ 30K a year use the Internet , where as it 's nearly universal for those making + $ 50K a year .
Smartphone ownership has grown steadily over the last three years ( 35 percent to 58 percent ) ; unfortunately , these relatively expensive devices divide Americans along every imaginable demographic except for race . Notably , only 19 percent of those over 65 years of age own a smartphone .
Love Fest
Americans love them some Internet . Ninety percent say the Internet has “ been a good thing ” for themselves , and only 6 percent a bad thing .
Since 2006 , the difficulty of giving up TV vs. the Internet has mirrored the rise of the web . For the first time in the poll , it appears the Internet is now more valuable than TV ( 53 percent vs. 34 percent ) .
Overall , despite gripes about the shallowness of social media “ friends , ” 67 percent of respondents say that the Internet has strengthened their ties with friends and family .
Read the full report here .
Highlights
Friends of the Firefox team
( Give a shoutout/thanks to people for helping fix and test bugs . Introductions )
Resolved bugs ( excluding employees ) : More than one bug fixed : https : //mzl.la/2rwO12P Dan Banner Kevin Jones Milind L ( : milindl ) Swapnesh Kumar Sahoo [ : swapneshks ] tfe New contributors ( 🌟 = First Patch ! ) 🌟 jomer14 got rid of some leftover l10n files that Firefox Accounts did n't need anymore ! 🌟 Pauline got rid of PlacesUtils.asyncGetBookmarkIds ( which is n't needed anymore thanks to Bookmarks.jsm ) , which also reduced our memory footprint ! 🌟 Shashwat Jolly cleaned up some of our strings in about : license !
Project Updates
Activity Stream
‘ Graduation ' team is getting close to preffing on Activity Stream in Nightly and working on Search Suggestions , about : home , cleaning up tests , and perf telemetry Aiming for more regular / weekly landings from github to mozilla-central Replaced custom React search suggestions from Test Pilot with existing contentSearchUI used for about : home/about : newtab simplifying tests
Test Pilot team is finishing up customization ( drag'n'drop , add/edit topsite ) , as well as beginning work on Sections
Activity Stream , when enabled on m-c runs in the content process !
Removed most Content Services / Suggested Tiles code from about : newtab resulting in perf improvements and removed / ~8x fewer intermittent test failures
Electrolysis ( e10s )
The e10s-multi team is still looking over the data being gathered from the Beta population against the release criteria to determine whether or not e10s-multi will ship in Firefox 54 , or will have to wait until Firefox 55
e10s-a11y support in Firefox 55 has been marked “ at risk ” due to stability issues . A go/no-go will be happened no later than June 3rd
erahm has a blog post about how memory usage with 4 content processes continues to be the sweet spot
Reminder : Firefox 55 is also installing 64-bit by default on 64-bit OS 's ; updates will come later .
Resolved race condition in Rust runtime . This may have been bugging some tests ( no pun intended ) .
We have preliminary top crashers lists from crash stacks sent via crash pings . Expanding that analysis is pending review of the data & correlation with crash reports .
Photon
Performance
More rigorous reflow tests have landed for window opening , tab opening and tab closing . More tests coming up for windows and tabs , and the AwesomeBar
Kudos to the Structure / Menus team for making the subview animations smooth as silk ! ( Notice that Oh no ! Reflow ! is detecting no synchronous reflows in that video )
Task.jsm and Promise.defer ( ) removal big patches landed as pre-announced during the last meeting . This covered the browser/ and toolkit/ folders , more patches coming soon for other folders .
Structure
The page action menu has started taking shape and now has items to copy/email links , and will soon have a ‘ send to device ' submenu ;
Tomorrow 's nightly will have Firefox Account and cut/copy/paste items in the main hamburger panel ;
Main work on the permanent overflow panel ( as a replacement for the customizable bits of the existing hamburger panel ) is done , working on polish and bugfixes ;
Work will start on the new library button this week ;
We 'll be working to flip the photon pref by default on Nightly in the next week or two ;
Animation
Visuals
We changed a bunch of stuff ! See the highlights for details .
Johann is working on compact and touch modes .
Onboarding
Preferences
Search is taking shape on Nightly ! It now comes with the right highlight color , tooltips for sub-dialog search results . With the help from QA engineers , we are closing the gap between implementation & spec .
UX team asked us to revise re-org . The change will likely postpone re-org shipping by one release ( to 56 ) ; the good news is the release population will be presented with the new search & re-org at the same time , if that happens .
Project Mortar ( PDFium )
peterv made some progress of the JSPlugin architecture – the last few pieces of work are reviewing . Hopefully this is the final round of review , and we will land all of them ( 8 patches ! ) soon .
One-off buttons in the location bar are ready to ride the trains in 55 .
Search suggestions are now enabled by default . Users who had explicitly opted out of search suggestions in the past , will not see them .
Hi-res favicon improvements : the default globe favicon is now hi-res ( SVG ) everywhere in the UI and some ugly icon rescaling was fixed .
Sync / Firefox Accounts
Containers experiment release 2.3.0 coming this week adds a “ site assignment ” on-boarding panel to increase site assignments
Also removes SDK code !
Screenshots feature is now aiming for 55 We 're hoping WebExtensions start-up will be performant enough by 55 Our backup plan : move UI ( toolbar button , context menu item ) into bootstrap.js code , lazy-load WebExtension on click
We 're planning to start a Test Pilot blog ( with help from Marketing )
Test Pilot and experiments are moving away from the SDK
Looking into replacing Test Pilot addon functionality with a WebExtension API Experiment ( learn more )
Here are the raw meeting notes that were used to derive this list .
Want to help us build Firefox ? Get started here !
Here 's a tool to find some mentored , good first bugs to hack on .
Michelle Obama will be ceding the title of first lady to Melania Trump next month , but they may hold for some time the other distinction they earned during their time in the White House : America 's best known advocate for healthy food .
The non-profit organization they helped create as first lady , Partnership for a Healthier America ( PHA ) , where they are honorary chair , will continue its work convincing food companies to improve nutrition content and labeling of products , the group said .
“ Michelle Obama has been a tremendous leader in this space , ” said Larry Soler , president and chief executive of the group . “ That legacy is going to continue for a long time after this . ”
When President-elect Donald Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress take over on Jan. 20 , lawmakers are expected to take aim at what one of them has called “ burdensome new rules ” on food . School lunches and menu labeling standards are likely to be among the changes that may come under fire .
Trump , a self-professed fan of junk food , has not been explicit on what they plan to do with food policy , although they campaigned for the Nov. 8 election on a broad promise to undo regulations on business . Nutrition advocates believe that , regardless of regulatory changes , private sector partnerships forged under Michelle .
For Now , Melania Trump Plans to be Long-Distance First Lady
Obama 's time at PHA are likely to endure . The first lady helped launch PHA in 2010 , in conjunction with their broader ‘ Let 's Move ! ' effort to tackle childhood obesity in the United States .
Since then , the organization has inked voluntary deals with scores of food companies , universities , hospitals and hotel chains aimed at improving nutritional content in food offerings . Companies that have made such agreements , like the world 's No.1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc and convenience store chain Kwik Trip , say they expect to uphold the commitments they have made regardless of any policy changes in Washington .
“ Our commitment to provide healthy food – specifically for young people – will not only continue but it will grow , ” said a spokesperson for Wisconsin-based Kwik Trip , which agreed with PHA this year to offer more fruit , vegetables and whole-grain foods at its stores at low cost .
PHA said its work will continue unabated after the Obamas leave the White House , and expects that consumer demand will continue to drive companies to participate . The first lady expects to continue their work on the issue , though it is unclear exactly what their role will be .
“ I will always be here as a partner in this effort – always , ” they said earlier this year .
For more on Michelle Obama , watch :
Michelle Obama took their healthy eating agenda from the White House – where they built an organic vegetable garden – to the halls of Congress , where they lobbied lawmakers in the passage in 2010 of the Healthy , Hunger-Free Kids Act .
Republicans balked at renewing elements of the Healthy , Hunger-Free Kids Act in 2015 and the House of Representatives introduced legislation that critics say would dial back access to the program .
Republican Representative Todd Rokita from Indiana this year introduced legislation to overhaul the school lunch program , in part to make sure that “ the First Lady Michelle Obama-inspired nutrition standards are revised so that school food is more edible. ” They have also said they plan to work toward reforms of “ burdensome new rules ” with the new president .
Also under threat may be another measure to usher in more detailed labeling requirements for menus at restaurants and grocery stores , which passed as part of the 2010 health overhaul known as the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare . Trump has said they will repeal Obamacare .
Trumpcare : How It Could Differ From Obamacare
“ We have a sense of ( Trump 's ) personal eating habits , but not their view of food policy . But given their anti-regulatory , anti-science rhetoric , we 're on high alert , ” said Margo Wootan , director of nutrition policy at Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington .
A spokesperson for Trump 's transition team did not respond to requests for comment . Melania Trump , who last month pinpointed cyber-bullying as their cause as first lady , has not mentioned interest in the healthy eating issue .
Trump 's early choices in building their administration have also triggered some concerns among healthy food advocates . They have nominated Representative Tom Price of Georgia to head the Department of Health and Human Services , which oversees the National Institutes of Health and works to develop dietary guidelines with the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
Here 's What Donald Trump Is Doing This Thanksgiving
Price is an opponent of Obamacare and voted for a bill that would have banned state labeling of genetically-modified ingredients . Trump has yet to select an agriculture secretary .
Regardless of legislative repeals , supporters of Michelle Obama 's efforts to get healthier food into mainstream America believe the impact of their work can not be undone .
“ There was very little positive industry action before they got there . Health and obesity issues were n't on their agendas , ” said Sam Kass , a chef and former executive director of ‘ Let 's Move ! ' who also served as President Barack Obama 's nutrition policy advisor . “ Now it is the top priority for every CEO . ”
The recently published version 1.4 of Mailvelope comes with new features for encrypting files . A search function allows now to import keys from public key servers .
File encryption
With the file encryption feature of Mailvelope you can encrypt files on your hard drive according to the PGP standard . In the same way as email encryption , the files will be encrypted with the public key of the receiver .
More details can be found in the Documentation File Encryption .
Encrypted email attachments
Email providers that directly integrate Mailvelope into their email application will support encrypted email attachments automatically . For email providers like Gmail™ , Yahoo™ or Outlook.com™ there are restrictions in the Mailvelope editor and encrypted attachments are not directly supported . With the availability of file encryption Mailvelope offers an alternative : encrypting email attachments can now be done manually .
Key search
A search field in the Mailvelope key management area simplifies the search on public key servers . Keys can directly be imported from the search results of the key server .
More information on the search functionality in the Documentation Key Handling .
If you 've been struggling on your quest to catch 'em all in Pokémon Go , PokeNotify is certain to help you step up your hunting game .
Available for Android , it 's an app for the smash-hit AR game that sends you notifications anytime there are Pokémon in your vicinity , completely eliminating the need to keep the Go app open and drain your phone 's battery .
What makes PokeNotify especially nifty is that it lets you individually select the Pokémon you want to be notified about . This way , you can easily filter out the Pokémon you 've already caught .
Additionally , every time you receive a notification , the app will show you where and how much time you have to catch the Pokémon before it disappears .
PokeNotify generates Pokémon locations straight from the official Go app and not from crowdsourced data , which means the information is always accurate and up to date .
While using the app is borderline cheating , you wo n't have to worry about getting banned from the game as PokeNotify does n't require your Pokémon Go account to log in .
Get PokeNotify here and start getting notifications whenever Pokémon cross your path .
Update July 29 18:30 CEST : Google has taken down PokeNotify from the Play Store… but do n't just go crazy yet – you can still get it .
The developer behind the handy app has created a thread on Reddit explaining their troubles with Google . But more importantly , they have also shared a link where you can download an APK of PokeNotify – click here to get it .
Enjoy the hunt , suckers .
PokeNotify [ Android ] on Google Play Store
Read next : Visit this site before you pay hackers a ransom for your encrypted files
Felipe Massa reflects on their 27 years in racing as they announce that he 'll retire at the end of the season Felipe Massa reflects on their 27 years in racing as they announce that he 'll retire at the end of the season
Felipe Massa will leave Formula 1 at the end of the season after the Williams driver announced their retirement .
The Brazilian , 35 , will call time on a 14-year career in F1 that has seen them win 11 Grands Prix and finish on the podium on 41 occasions .
`` This will be my last season in F1 , '' an emotional Massa told a packed news conference at Monza on Thursday .
Massa revealed they had taken the decision to quit `` several months ago '' and had not held talks with any teams - including Williams - about a deal for 2017 . November 's season-concluding Abu Dhabi GP is set to be their 250th and last race in the sport .
`` I will enjoy my last eight races in F1 as much as I 've always done , '' they added . `` I just want to say thank you to everybody who is around me and who have followed me in my career . ''
Massa added they chose the Italian GP as the place to make the announcement as it is where Michael Schumacher confirmed their 'first ' F1 retirement 10 years ago , a decision which meant Massa stayed at Ferrari .
`` Michael was a big feature on my career , '' they said . `` I decided to do this here because of him . ''
The veteran has struggled this year , scoring just 39 points , and endured a torrid run of form . In the last eight races , they have collected just three points with a pair of tenth-placed finishes .
We look back at Michael Schumacher announcing their first retirement as a racing driver at Ferrari in 2006 after winning the Italian GP We look back at Michael Schumacher announcing their first retirement as a racing driver at Ferrari in 2006 after winning the Italian GP
While team-mate Valtteri Bottas is expected to be retained for 2017 , Massa 's compatriot Felipe Nasr - whose candidature is underpinned by substantial sponsorship money - the favourite to replace them amid the diminishing likelihood Jenson Button will be attracted to the 'romance ' of farewell swansong at Williams .
Massa began their career with Sauber in 2002 before joining Ferrari four years later in 2006 , where they achieved a career-high of second in the drivers ' championship in 2008 , missing out by a point to Lewis Hamilton .
`` I am very proud to have raced in F1 for so long , '' Massa said . `` I achieved a lot more than l expected . Even if l lost the championship by a point l am very proud of my career and what l have achieved . ''
With their family in the front row of their press conference , Felipe Massa announces their F1 retirement
After eight seasons at Maranello , Massa joined Williams in 2014 and helped re-establish them as a podium-finishing force .
Claire Williams said : `` It 's a sad and emotional day . He 's a true gentleman . We were a team in dire straits and were so lucky they came to join us . He 's been a big part of the success we 've had over the last three years . ''
Williams finished third in the Constructors ' Championship in both 2014 and 2015 but are currently just fifth this season after being overtaken by Force India .
The official instructions on Ubuntu.com require that you have Ubuntu installed on a PC before you can install the Touch OS previews on your Galaxy Nexus , Nexus 4 , Nexus 7 , or Nexus 10 . Let 's be real though–not a lot of people use ubuntu compared to the amount of people who have Nexus devices .
Thankfully there is a quick way to get around this and it 's pretty simple–if you are familiar with flashing custom ROM 's like CM or AOKP you 'll find this delightfully satisfying .
If you DO N'T have Clockwork Recovery , or TWRP already Installed Start Here :
The first thing you 'll want to do is make sure you have the Android SDK , if you do n't go download it from Android.com .
Once you 've got the SDK cd into the platform-tools folder as you 'll need fastboot . If you 've got it installed in your home folder you should be able to get there using the following command :
cd ~/androidsdk/platform-tools
Once you are in your platform-tools folder head on over to the ubuntu file repo and grab the correct recovery image for your device . In my example I am installing it on my Nexus 7 so I went with grouper .
If you do n't know your device use this chart to learn :
Now it 's time to plug your device into your PC . Once you 've got it plugged in run the following command in platform-tools :
./fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery/image/you/downloaded
Now you 'll have the Ubuntu compatible recovery–do n't be alarmed if it looks like it did n't change . It seems to me that Ubuntu is actually using Clockwork Recovery , which I found amusing .
If you DO have Clockwork Recovery , or TWRP already Installed Start Here :
Now the next thing on the list is to first download this file here ( roughly 400MB ) which seems to be the “ Core ” OS install file . Then you 'll want to go back to the ubuntu file repo and snatch the file specific to your devices code name . Again since I am using the Nexus 7 the file I grabbed was quantal-preinstalled-armel+grouper.zip the file should be about 50MB in size . To my understanding these are the device specific files for each supported device .
Now , as you probably figured , you 'll want to drop these 2 zip files on the root of your SD card .
Once that 's done boot up into recovery and flash the 2 zip files using Clockwork Recovery like you would any other custom ROM . Be sure to flash the smaller device specific zip file before you flash the Core OS .
The device specific zip should n't put out any messages , however , the core OS when installing will report the following message :
Welcome to the Ubuntu RootFS Updater…
If you are currently looking at this screen , congrats ! you are on your way to installing the new Ubuntu Touch OS Preview . 🙂
If you want to go back to Android you can easily restore yourself back to a stock state using Google 's OS images available here .
The Emanuel administration and major air carriers have reached agreement on a significant expansion of O'Hare International Airport 's passenger terminals , with nine gates to be added by 2019 and potentially dozens more in a brand-new terminal a few years later .
The deal , to be announced tomorrow by Mayor Rahm Emanuel and airline CEOs , should give O'Hare enough room to meet growing demand for `` 30 to 40 years , '' according to Aviation Commissioner Ginger Evans .
`` We are writing the next chapter in Chicago 's aviation future , '' said Emanuel .
The plans have been under development for several months and are the latest and in some ways a most-needed step to keep O'Hare viable and price competitive after earlier announcements of a final new runway , de-icing pads and new hotel facilities at the huge but aging airfield .
The exact size of the expansion is still in flux , with Evans saying only that airlines have submitted their requests and `` everyone wants more gates . '' But it appears the new gates will rival the net 25 new gates added when United Airlines Terminal 1 opened in 1987 and possibly be exceeded only by the entire O'Hare footprint when it opened in the 1960s .
According to city officials , the expansion will come in two pieces .
First , the existing Terminal 5 , which now serves only international flights , will have nine gates added to the current 24 . The new gates will go on the east end of the terminal , where some small structures recently were demolished .
The $ 300 million project will be funded with existing O'Hare revenues and passenger seat charges . While the airlines support the plan , using existing revenue sources will expedite work , with the city to formally seek a design bidder next week and construction to be completed in 2019 , Evans said .
The work will give O'Hare the `` flexibility '' to continue using Terminal 5 solely for international flights , or part of it for domestic operations , Evans said . Increasingly , the distinction is meaningless , with passengers from countries such as Canada and Ireland already clearing customs overseas , rather than here .
The expansion also will provide for a second gate to serve the super-large Airbus 380 .
`` As Chicago 's hometown airline , we are committed to building a stronger , more vibrant O'Hare that will help elevate the travel experience for our customers , ” Oscar Munoz , United 's president and CEO , said in a statement . “ We support the city 's effort to expand Terminal 5 and will continue working with our partners to develop the long-term vision for O'Hare . ”
President Barack Obama says they have “ no intention ” of sending US troops to fight militants in Yemen and Somalia and that Al-Qaeda 's activities are still centered along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border .
“ I have every intention of working with our international partners in lawless areas around the globe to make sure that we 're keeping the American people safe , ” Obama said in a People interview to be published Friday . The magazine released a transcript Sunday .
“ I never rule out any possibility in a world that is this complex… In countries like Yemen , in countries like Somalia , I think working with international partners is most effective at this point .
“ I have no intention of sending US boots on the ground in these regions , ” they added .
Recent strikes on Al-Qaeda positions in Yemen , including cruise missile attacks , were reportedly led by the United States , which has vowed to boost its economic and military aid to Sanaa . London and Washington have already announced plans to fund a counter-extremism police in the country .
The top US military officer , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Michael Mullen acknowledged in a CNN interview Sunday that the United States was providing “ some support ” to Yemen 's efforts to strike Al-Qaeda militants , but insisted that Sanaa led the operations .
A thinly stretched US military has deployed large troop contingents to Iraq and Afghanistan .
The number of US troops in Afghanistan — where Obama has vowed to recenter the US war against Al-Qaeda militants who have also sought refuge in neighboring Pakistan — is set to triple under their watch from 2008 levels , reaching some 100,000 later this year .
Washington has urged Yemen to crack down on Al-Qaeda after the local franchise of Osama bin Laden 's network said it was behind a narrowly-avoided Christmas Day bombing aboard a US-bound airliner .
But the impoverished Arabian Peninsula country already faces a litany of challenges , including a water shortage , dwindling oil reserves , a Shiite rebellion in the north and a movement for autonomy in the south .
Somalia is also the focus of US counterterrorism efforts , where an embattled transitional government faces relentless attacks from extremist Shebab militants and their Hezb al-Islam allies .
The central government asserts little control over the country located along key shipping routes to oil fields in the Middle East .
International navies are battling to keep key shipping lanes in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean free from pirates , who are broadening their area of operation .
“ We 've known throughout this year that Al-Qaeda in Yemen has become a more serious problem . And as a consequence , we have partnered with the Yemeni government to go after those terrorist training camps and cells there in a much more deliberate and sustained fashion , ” Obama said .
“ The same is true in Somalia , another country where there are large chunks that are not fully under government control and Al-Qaeda is trying to take advantage of them . ”
They insisted that “ the border region between Afghanistan and Pakistan remains the epicenter of Al-Qaeda , their leadership and their extremist allies . ”
US officials have said they are seeking to boost military and intelligence cooperation with Yemen .
“ Yemen does not want to have American ground troops there . And that 's a good response for us to hear , certainly , ” said General David Petraeus , the head of US Central Command , which oversees a region encompassing the Middle East , the Gulf , the Horn of Africa and Central Asia .
“ Of course , we would always want a host nation to deal with a problem itself . We want to help . We 're providing assistance , ” they told CNN .
Petraeus , who returned from a trip to Yemen , said Washington planned to more than double its economic aid to Yemen this year to 150 million dollars or more . But US officials have insisted the total aid amount has not yet been determined .
Though the figure pales in comparison to the billions of dollars Washington has poured into Afghanistan , the general stressed other allies were providing aid , including Saudi Arabia , which has reportedly allocated two billion dollars , and the United Arab Emirates , which pledged 650 million dollars to Sanaa .
advertisement
243km ( 151 miles ) S of Beersheva ; 356km ( 221 miles ) SE of Tel Aviv
At the southern tip of Israel , a 4-hour drive across the Negev from Tel Aviv or Jerusalem , the Red Sea resort of Eilat is a world apart from the rest of the country . It 's a place where Israelis and tourists love to come for a few days to unwind and relax . There 's no history to absorb , just easily accessible coral reefs to snorkel and plenty of beaches . Even in winter , when Jerusalem can be cold and raw and Tel Aviv can be chilly , Eilat 's beaches are usually warm enough for sunbathing and at least a quick swim in the Red Sea . There are tons of hotels in every price range , and although most are not directly on the town 's beachfronts , most have large swimming pools with many of them heated for winter . Summers in Eilat are blazing hot and usually filled with vacationing Israeli families .
Eilat is also the closest and most convenient border crossing into Jordan if you plan to visit Petra—unlike the busy Allenby Bridge Crossing from the West Bank into Jordan ( where you must have a visa issued at a Jordanian embassy ahead of time ) , visas are issued on the spot at the Eilat-Aqaba Crossing , and there are far fewer crowds and processing delays .
Petra ( in Jordan ) , the legendary and extraordinary , long lost ancient city carved from the walls of a hidden canyon , has become a must-see destination for thousands of world travelers . Although 1-day package bus tours from Eilat can give you a 2-hour glimpse of Petra , this amazing site and the dramatic landscape of southern Jordan are well worth several days of your attention .
Eilat 's chief claims to fame for the tourist are busy beaches with almost no wave action , coral reefs filled with exotic fish , and year-round sunshine . What was once a small , relaxed desert and Red Sea resort town now hosts 50 gargantuan upscale hotels , vast shopping malls , and a downtown waterfront lined with jewelry shops , sneaker stores , and hawker 's booths where visitors can while away their evenings . It 's easygoing , fun , and Israelis , both Jewish and Arab , flock here to forget the pressures of daily life . Lots of European package tourists jet directly into Eilat ( and see nothing else in Israel ) . Eilat 's planners have not emphasized the desert and Bedouin traditions of the region—instead they 've aimed for the generic look of a gleaming white international resort , such as Cancún . During Israeli school holidays , Eilat is usually overrun with families and kids .
Eilat is also a military outpost and a major shipping port—you 'll see ample evidence of this all along the shoreline . The city 's hotel area is less than a mile from the Jordanian border , and you can see the Jordanian port city of Aqaba , with a population of 30,000 , across the bay in a haze of desert sand , ringed by date palms . Until Israel and Jordan signed a peace treaty in 1994 , Aqaba seemed as unattainable as a mirage . There is now a border crossing for tourists just north of Eilat , and from Eilat you can also book excursions to Jordan 's fabulous lost canyon city of Petra . Saudi Arabia is 20km ( 12 miles ) south of Aqaba—you can see it from the beaches in Eilat .
During summer , the outdoor afternoon heat in Eilat can exceed 110 degrees F ( 43 degrees C ) ; it 's best to stay in the shade between noon and 4pm . In winter , the weather can be cool to chilly and dry , but the Red Sea is warm enough for swimming , especially if you 're used to the waters of the North Atlantic . Pools in better hotels are often heated .
Barney Frank may be three years into retirement from politics , but their spirit continues to haunt the LGBTQ movement . As if to emphasize the exclusionary nature of their politics , a invite-only conference call between the “ leaders ” of the LGBTQ US movement rehashed a debate that has been going on since the so-called “ Gay Liberation ” movement decided that Sylvia Rivera and other trans women were harmful to their respectable image . The debate was sharply divided into two sides : purse string holders Gill Foundation and National Center for Trans Equality ( NCTE ) on one side and ACLU , Lambda Legal , and a somewhat less confrontational HRC on the other side . Gill and NCTE are advocating for what they call “ incrementalism , ” focusing energy and resources on passing anti-LGBT discrimination in employment and housing and essentially abandoning public accommodations to be dealt with later . ACLU and Lambda Legal reject this “ incrementalism , ” pointing to laws like HB2 as pressing discrimination that demands attention and questioning whether public accommodations would ever be returned to if abandoned now . That 's right : we are in a bizzarro world where the HRC is defending the most marginalized trans people against NCTE redirecting resources away from them . But aside from HRC , this lineup is not all that surprising and represents a fundamental difference between how the lobbying-focused nonprofits think of advocacy and how community and litigation-focused nonprofits think of advocacy .
There is a legitimate debate to be had around incrementalism , especially in legal strategy . Chipping away at constitutional precedents is a time-tested strategy for some pretty radical changes , most famously Brown v. Board of Education which was the product of decades of litigation eroding the white supremacist precedent of The Civil Rights Cases ( including the infamous Plessy v. Ferguson ) . Conversely , from liberal South Africa to Leftist Cuba and Venezuela , there is an argument to be made that more effective legal changes come from creating a new constitution . But this debate is immaterial : what Gill and NCTE are proposing is not the incrementalism that attorneys like Thurgood Marshall fought so hard for . We can compare and contrast them with two timelines :
Thurgood Marshall 's caseline is much more clear , whereas we see that this is not the first time that sections of the LGBT movement have thrown others under the bus . That being said , the past four years have generally been good for trans civil rights , especially in Title VII , and as should be apparent from the EEOC v. Deluxe Financial Services it could be a platform to chip away and increase the rights transgender people have access to . There is a possibility that many of these recent gains may be reversed : the next presidential administration could reverse the Department of Education guidelines that G.G . v. Gloucester benefits from and could end the Department of Justice 's lawsuit against North Carolina for HB2 , which would undermine Lambda Legal 's own lawsuit against North Carolina . The composition of the Supreme Court will likely be in flux as the current vacancy gets filled and others open as the fairly old current justices pass away or retire .
But these are all reasons why we must hold firm on our principles , if not push back even stronger . It is a basic principle of negotiation and organizing that you do not compromise in anticipation of resistance , for the resistance you fear may be disproportionate to the resistance which actually occurs . And you certainly do not undermine active campaigns by the movement , which is exactly what abandoning public accommodations would do .
Public accommodations itself is important outside of these arguments . The likely president of this country will be Hillary Clinton , one of the most neoliberal figures ever to run for president . Neoliberalism 's aim is privatization , and thus the means of resistance is the reclamation of the commons for the public good . It is vital in this time to vigorously assert the rights of all people to have access to public space : when we abdicate those rights , it allows neoliberalism to chip away at other rights to public space , from our access to parks to the right to assembly . As Rachel Tiven of Lambda Legal stated :
It 's about whether queer people can participate in public life . Can we go out in public at all ? Can we go to the movie theater ? Can we go to the shopping mall ? Because our opponents would like to make anyone who is too queer or gender nonconforming uncomfortable — they would like us to just stay home .
NCTE 's Mara Keisling 's ridiculously condescending response to these concerns ? “ Incrementalism is how policy gets done while other people are whining about incrementalism . We have made it an article faith over the past few years that if a bill lacks public accommodations , it 's useless . That 's not true. ” While those who only know Mara Keisling as one of the more affluent and powerful members of our community may expect nothing less , those of us who have been involved in these politics a little longer remember that Attorney Keisling was not always so “ pro-incrementalism ” :
Important debates about incrementalism need to be happening in how the LGBTQ movement strategizes its limited resources and time . For example , should public accommodations access focus on bathrooms ( where the stalls minimize some of the concerns about privacy ) and expand to locker rooms ? Can a successful Title IX case like G.G . be congruent with also expanding protection under the Equal Protection Clause ? Can any of these protections be extended to our immigrant trans family in detention centers or our incarcerated trans family in prisons ? But the idea that we should simply not push for public accommodation access in anyway not only fails to push forward , it steps backwards . And I think there is a simple answer to why an organization would support fighting for redundant gains ( after all , Title VII already gives employment protection ) over the rights under attack : money .
Nonprofits are corporations , and like any corporation under capitalism , they seek to accumulate capital to grow and maintain their firm . The major difference is their firm follows the irregular accumulation pattern of chasing donors and grants . While freed from the standard profit motive , the nonprofit is still at the mercy of entities like the Gill Foundation that hold the purse strings . Those funders are obsessed with metrics to see that their investments are producing what they want , which in the case of foundations is generally easily identified spectacles to solicit more donations . Pictures to show at their galas ; simple “ wins ” to brag about in newsletters ; new standards to hold the other projects they fund to . I do n't mean to insinuate that NCTE only does work to please their funders : their discrimination survey in 2011 still is the best ever done on the US trans community . I just want to outline that the actions of nonprofits are not exempt from being motivated by concerns outside of their mission statements or considerations of effective strategy . While the struggle is real and I can not blame any nonprofit from doing things to sustain itself , such an action that radically undermines active campaigns is not acceptable and brings into question NCTE 's ability to differentiate what is best for the community from what is best for their reputation .
In any social movement , solidarity is more important than marginal victories to put up on your organizational trophy wall . Mara Keisling 's condescending dismissal of the attorneys and community organizers that they are actively undermining will not be forgotten . They may come to realize that the marginal gains ( i.e . the Pennsylvania bill ) will not be worth dividing the movement . Then again , they are with them
Advertisements
The caged bird sings
with a fearful trill
of things unknown
but longed for still
and their tune is heard
on the distant hill
for the caged bird
sings of freedom .
—Maya Angelou , “ Caged Bird ”
Pulitzer Prize-nominated writer , filmmaker and civil rights activist Dr. Maya Angelou has inspired readers for decades with their powerful words , ensuring that their legacy will live on for generations to come . To celebrate Angelou on what would have been their 90th birthday , we 've collected our favorite quotes from their beloved memoir , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings , below :
“ There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ Words mean more than what is set down on paper . It takes the human voice to infuse them with shades of deeper meaning . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ Pursue the things you love doing , and then do them so well that people ca n't take their eyes off you . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ To be left alone on the tightrope of youthful unknowing is to experience the excruciating beauty of full freedom and the threat of eternal indecision . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ If growing up is painful for the Southern Black girl , being aware of their displacement is the rust on the razor that threatens the throat . It is an unnecessary insult . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ Life is going to give you just what you put in it . Put your whole heart in everything you do , and pray , then you can wait . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ If you 're for the right thing , you do it without thinking . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ Ritie , do n't worry ‘ cause you ai n't pretty . Plenty pretty women I have seen digging ditches or worse . You smart . I swear to God , I rather you have a good mind than a cute behind . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ Hoping for the best , prepared for the worst , and unsurprised by anything in between . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
“ She comprehended the perversity of life , that in the struggle lies the joy . ”
—Maya Angelou , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
Josh D. Jackson designed the quotes for this list , and you can check out more of their work here .
Two decades after evicting U.S. forces from their biggest base in the Pacific , the Philippines is in talks with the Obama administration about expanding the American military presence in the island nation , the latest in a series of strategic moves aimed at China . ( Zachary S. Welch/AP )
Two decades after evicting U.S. forces from their biggest base in the Pacific , the Philippines is in talks with the Obama administration about expanding the American military presence in the island nation , the latest in a series of strategic moves aimed at China .
Although negotiations are in the early stages , officials from both governments said they are favorably inclined toward a deal . They are scheduled to intensify the discussions Thursday and Friday in Washington before higher-level meetings in March . If an arrangement is reached , it would follow other recent agreements to base thousands of U.S. Marines in northern Australia and to station Navy warships in Singapore .
Among the options under consideration are operating Navy ships from the Philippines , deploying troops on a rotational basis and staging more frequent joint exercises . Under each scenario , U.S. forces would effectively be guests at existing foreign bases .
The sudden rush by many in the Asia-Pacific region to embrace Washington is a direct reaction to China 's rise as a military power and its assertiveness in staking claims to disputed territories , such as the energy-rich South China Sea .
“ We can point to other countries : Australia , Japan , Singapore , ” said a senior Philippine official involved in the talks , speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the confidentiality of the deliberations . “ We 're not the only one doing this , and for good reason . We all want to see a peaceful and stable region . Nobody wants to have to face China or confront China . ”
The strategic talks with the Philippines are in addition to feelers that the Obama administration has put out to other Southeast Asian countries , including Vietnam and Thailand , about possibly bolstering military partnerships .
The United States already has about 600 Special Operations troops in the Philippines , where they advise local forces in their fight with rebels sympathetic to al-Qaeda . But the talks underway between Manila and Washington potentially involve a much more extensive partnership .
Officials in the Philippines — which has 7,107 islands — said their priority is to strengthen maritime defenses , especially near the South China Sea . They indicated a willingness to host American ships and surveillance aircraft .
Although the U.S. military has tens of thousands of troops stationed at long-standing bases in Japan , South Korea and Guam , as well as the island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean , it is seeking to solidify its presence in Southeast Asia . Some of the world 's busiest trade routes pass through the South China Sea and the nearby Strait of Malacca .
Instead of trying to establish giant bases reminiscent of the Cold War , however , Pentagon officials said they want to maintain a light footprint .
“ We have no desire nor any interest in creating a U.S.-only base in Southeast Asia , ” said Robert Scher , a deputy assistant secretary of defense who oversees security policy in the region . “ In each one of these cases , the core decision and discussion is about how we work better with our friends and allies . And the key piece of that is working from their locations . ”
‘ Political sensitivities '
The distinction is critical in the Philippines , which kicked the U.S. military out of its sprawling naval base at Subic Bay in 1992 after lawmakers rejected a new treaty . Along with the nearby Clark Air Base , which the Pentagon abandoned in 1991 after a volcanic eruption , Subic Bay had served as a keystone of the U.S. military presence in Asia for nearly a century .
Manila and Washington signed a subsequent agreement that allows U.S. forces to visit the archipelago or deploy there periodically while remaining under U.S. legal jurisdiction . The constitution of the Philippines forbids foreign military bases without a treaty .
“ There are political sensitivities , and the U.S. is aware of that , ” said a senior Philippine official , speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss confidential deliberations . “ So how can we achieve that presence without it costing too much in terms of political friction ? ”
Philippine officials said they favor allowing the United States to deploy more troops or ships , as long as they rotate periodically or are considered temporary .
Temporary , however , can still mean a long time . The 600 U.S. Special Operations troops in the Philippines have been on the southern island of Mindanao since 2002 , and there is no firm timetable to withdraw them .
The number of port visits by U.S. Navy ships has soared in recent years . The Philippines recently acquired a cutter from the U.S. Coast Guard and is seeking two more of the ships to boost its naval forces . It also wants to buy F-16 fighter jets from Washington .
In interviews , neither Philippine nor Obama administration officials would rule out a return by U.S. ships or forces to Subic Bay . The harbor is now a thriving economic hub and free-trade zone , so any American military presence would pale in comparison with the old days .
But even a small , visiting U.S. force in the Philippines would send a strong signal to Beijing . Although Washington has said it is not trying to contain China 's rise as an economic and military superpower , Obama announced a new military strategy this month under which the Pentagon will “ rebalance ” the armed forces toward the Asia-Pacific region in the aftermath of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
‘ A necessary normal '
Some advocates said the shift in emphasis to Asia was long overdue , given its economic importance and China 's rise .
“ I do n't really see this as a pivot . . . . What I see now is a return to a necessary normal , ” said Sen. James Webb ( D-Va. ) , chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee on East Asia and Pacific affairs . “ The presence of the United States has become the essential ingredient for stability . ”
In addition to the Philippines , Vietnam — another country that once shunned the U.S. military — is restoring ties . In August , a U.S. Navy ship visited the Vietnamese naval base at Cam Ranh Bay for the first time in 38 years . Cam Ranh Bay is a deep-water harbor that served as one of the largest American military installations during the Vietnam War . Vietnam , which has its own territorial disputes with China , has slowly opened its bases to the U.S. Navy for port visits and ship repairs since 2009 .
“ I do n't see in the near future an American base in Vietnam , but we have seen much more increased military cooperation , ” said Webb , a former Navy secretary who fought in Vietnam as a Marine . “ They 're not shutting down their relationship with China , but they 're attempting to balance it . ”
Adm. Jonathan W. Greenert , chief of naval operations , has called Southeast Asia the region with “ perhaps the greatest potential in the future ” for the Navy to increase its presence through military partnerships . In a Jan. 10 speech to the Center for a New American Security in Washington , they singled out the Philippines as a country “ where perhaps there will be more opportunities emerging , ” although they did n't elaborate .
Greenert cautioned that some of those partnerships would be limited , saying , “ Not everybody is interested in getting in an alliance and getting tied up in a long term. ” They cited Vietnam as an example . “ We do n't want to push it too hard , ” they said . “ If you move a little too fast , there 's a hesi­ta­tion . ”
There is no `` Asian Advantage '' -- there are only skewed stats to purport the model minority myth and a divide within the racial justice movement .
Even while recent articles by Nicholas Kristof for New York Times and Jennifer Lee for CNN attempt to offer a nuanced argument for Asian-American success stories , their titles alone are problematic : `` The Asian Advantage '' and `` The secret to Asian Americans ' Success '' immediately generalize and frame Asian Americans as the model minority . Stop , we are not .
First off , when people say `` Asian American , '' please remember that this describes a massive conglomerate of 48 countries , with distinct cultural differences and political histories in the United States ( from exploited railroad labor , to the brain drain , to war refugees ) . By nature , anything that describes `` Asian America '' will essentially be a broad generalization .
Perhaps the two most buzz worthy phrases in this conversation are `` Asians are the fastest growing racial group in the country '' and taken from Kristof 's article , `` Asian Americans have higher educational attainment than any other group in the United States , including whites . '' Cue fear of the `` Asian Invasion '' and resentment towards Asians for being the alleged model minority .
In case people have forgotten how to understand statistics , the rates behind `` fastest growing '' and `` higher educational attainment '' are proportional to the Asian population in America , not to whites . That being said , Asian Americans make up 5.4 percent of the U.S. , population , while whites make up 77.4 percent ; that means there are 17.2 million Asian Americans and 246.8 million white people in the United States -- so everyone worried about `` Asians taking over '' can calm down .
Why are Asian Americans considered the fastest growing racial group in America right now ? It 's not because they 're reproducing more rapidly than other groups . No . ( Especially since Asian men are generally emasculated in mainstream America ) . As Jennifer Lee suggests , the growth is largely attributed to immigration law `` which favors highly educated , highly skilled immigrant applicants from Asian countries , '' -- to ultimately benefit capitalist interests and enhance America 's economy .
In addition to the brain drain , the United States offers special visa programs ( EB-5 ) for wealthy individuals outside of the country : if people invest $ 500,000 or $ 1 million in American development projects , they receive green cards for themselves and their families . While there are 11.3 million undocumented people living in the U.S. with the threat of deportation and family separation , wealthy individuals can buy their way in . Already , 25 percent of Chinese individuals worth more than $ 16 million have emigrated , with the United States as their top choice .
So when people talk about the `` Asian Advantage '' like it 's a truth , they are inadvertently talking about the `` white agenda . ''
Why did I say `` white agenda '' and not just `` capitalist agenda '' ? Because it 's the ( white dominated ) U.S. government that encourages migration of wealthy & skilled Asians into the country , while simultaneously positioning Asian Americans as a `` threat '' to others . In addition , white males dominate CEO seats of Fortune500 companies , white males dominate seats in Congress , white males dominate Hollywood director seats , white males dominate University presidential seats and white males dominate U.S. Presidential seats . I do n't even need to show you a bar graph to prove these correlations -- just look around . Perhaps people should be talking about the `` white advantage . ''
This article is not to discredit the success or talent of Asian Americans , it is to completely dispel the idea of the `` Asian Advantage '' because it is an ineffective approach to understanding the community 's nuances . Just like in every other community , there are people who are ridiculously successful ( Oprah , Jay-Z , etc . ) and there are people who are still sleeping on the streets .
The overall poverty rate in the U.S. is 14.3 percent ; relative to their unique populations , the poverty rate for whites is 11.6 percent and Asian Americans is 11.7 percent . Yet no one is talking about the fact that Asian Americans have a higher poverty rate than whites . Why not ? Probably because it does n't fit their portrayal of Asians as the model minority . Average per capita income for whites is $ 31k , while for Asian Americans it 's $ 24k . Asians make up 12 percent of the undocumented population ( that 's 1.3 million undocumented Asians ) , while whites make up a reported zero percent . But nobody wants to talk about the poverty , unemployment and immigration problems when it comes to the Asian American community , because to do so would accurately align us in the fight for racial justice and hurt the white supremacist agenda ( which historically , thrives with divide and conquer tactics ) .
Here 's where everyone loves to sensationalize the model minority myth : 18.5 percent of whites have a bachelor 's degree ( roughly 45.7 million people ) , while 30 percent of Asians have a bachelor 's degree ( roughly 5.1 million people ) . But do n't forget everything I just described above about the brain drain ; in addition , universities ( especially public ones like the University of California , which have 40 percent Asian student population ) are welcoming to wealthy international students who pay higher international tuition . Regardless , while 30 percent versus 18.5 percent may draw a scary picture that Asians are taking over university seats , the truth is white Americans still dominate college campuses dramatically in actual numbers .
Again , when people talk about the Asian American population and its `` disproportionate level '' of higher educational attainment , the two largest ethnic groups in this conglomerate are Chinese and Indian , the same two groups most targeted by the U.S. brain drain . A more nuanced approach would be to disaggregate the information , and recognize that only 17 percent of Pacific Islanders , 14 percent of Cambodians , 13 percent of Laotians and 13 percent of Hmong people have a bachelor 's degree in the United States . Marginalized communities within the Asian American umbrella become overlooked and underserved because of false notions such as the `` Asian Advantage '' and `` model minority myth . ''
In moving forward , my suggestion is to stop asking the wrong , misleading questions which paint a false picture of the Asian American community . If we want to better understand the diverse and complex Asian American community , we need to start asking better , more informed questions , such as , `` How can we provide a solution for the 1.3 million undocumented Asian people in the U.S. to live safely with their families ? How can we increase college access and retention rates for Southeast Asians and Pacific Islanders ? How can we better represent the the Asian American community through disaggregated data and locating non-identifying Asians whom struggle with language and cultural barriers ? How can we better understand and support mental health issues within the Asian American community , also known for having the highest depression and suicide rates in the U.S. ? ''
How can we recognize when the narrative , regardless of whatever claimed attempt to be nuanced or liberal , is actually forwarding a white supremacist agenda over everything else ? When white liberals pat Asians on the back and say `` Good job at being the model minority , '' who does that ultimately serve ? Asian Americans have long been involved in the fight for racial justice , from demanding reparations for the Japanese Internment camps , to fighting for Ethnic Studies in San Francisco , to leading the Third World Liberation Front , and to marching alongside the Black Panther Party . The fight for racial justice must continue with more Asian Americans speaking their truths , rather than allow others to co-opt our narratives .
I celebrate the success , resilience , brilliance and hard work ethic of the Asian American community , while acknowledging that we have a long way to go before racial justice is achieved for ourselves and everyone else . So let 's continue doing what we 've always done -- working hard and knocking down walls .
A Vermont college was ordered to halt the expulsion of a student who was expelled for sexual assault without being given a hearing . But what the college argued in its defense was rather interesting .
Middlebury College used a `` preponderance of evidence '' standard ( meaning campus administrators have to be just 50.01 percent sure an assault was committed ) even before the Department of Education mandated colleges to lower the bar on proof of charges against students . But when it came to defending itself from this student 's lawsuit , the college demanded the higher standard of `` clear and convincing '' evidence that it had wronged him .
In a footnote of the judge 's decision to halt the expulsion , noticed by Samantha Harris of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education , the college argued for the higher standard of proof .
`` Middlebury argues a higher standard — requiring Plaintiff to demonstrate ' a clear or substantial likelihood of success on the merits ' — applies because an injunction will provide plaintiff with substantially all the relief sought and the relief can not be undone and because plaintiff seeks to alter rather than maintain the status quo , '' the footnote reads .
The reason the male student was able to get their expulsion halted was that they showed that they would have a `` likelihood of success on the merits '' and that they would suffer irreparable harm if the federal court did not issue a preliminary injunction .
So , to recap , when accusing students of a felony , a low threshold of evidence is okay , but when accused of unfairness , Middlebury wants the charges to clear a higher bar . Nice legal double standard , if you can get it .
The advocates of campus kangaroo courts will surely groan about the difference between a `` college disciplinary panel '' and a `` court of law . '' But the difference here is between a felony charge and a lawsuit over unfair treatment . This student was not accused of cheating on a test ; they were accused ( by a non-student , I might add ) of a crime . To make matters worse , the accusation was made while the accused student was on a study-abroad program , and the administrators of that program found them `` not responsible . ''
But after the student returned to the campus , the accuser threatened to file a complaint with the Department of Education . It was then that the college decided to re-investigate the accusation in order to find the student responsible and save itself from a federal investigation .
Students who are enrolled in colleges but have not read my warning about campus pseudo-courts should do so now . What happened at Middlebury is not uncommon .
The flow of capital back into the alt token market post fork points to `` risk on '' behavior which is favorable for projects like NEO .
Grossly oversimplified the blockchain market behaves into two main patterns :
Risk on : Market participants in a bull market look for opportunities to diversify into smaller projects with higher risk/return . This creates a levered effect for alt token returns .
Risk off : Conversely in a bear market participants `` flee '' into Bitcoin and other large market capitalization tokens as a safe haven . While bitcoin also falls in value during bear markets , the drawdowns are less due to the inertia a higher market capitalization provides .
For the time being the entire blockchain token market is intimately tied to Bitcoin price action , though as the market matures this will become less of an issue . Given the pro alt token backdrop presented , let 's examine our largest holding NEO ( formerly Antshares ) from a fundamental and technical perspective .
Fundamental
NEO continues to gain traction in western markets with Bittrex accounting for 40 % + of volume in recent days . CEO Da Hongfei continues to grant more interviews in English , and updated technical documentation gives a clear direction forward .
Key takeaways from the updated documentation :
NeoX : Cross chain protocol to connect blockchains together into an `` internet of blockchains '' . Other projects focused on this area include Ark , a Lisk offshoot delegated Proof of Stake system with cross chain support at the core of their value proposition . Potentially the largest competitor in the cross chain space is the upcoming EOS token . *
NeoQS : Quantum resistant security . This shows NEO is one of the few forward thinking blockchains concerned about the implications of quantum computers brute force attacking the mathematics that underpin transaction security . Nexus ( another large AlphaBlock investment ) is one of the few other tokens in the space focused on this issue . * *
NeoFS : File storage on the blockchain . Not only does this potentially disrupt storage projects such as Burst , Storj , and Siacoin , but unlocks the key to true scalability .
`` In the future , the old block data can be stored in NeoFS , so that most of the full nodes can release the old data for better scalability and at the same time , ensure the integrity of historical data . ''
Pruning the blockchain as it becomes excessively large is crucial to both scaling and decentralization . By storing old block records into the file system each individual node will not need to store the entire blockchain . Thus book keeping nodes will remain affordable to run as each node does not need to store the potential thousands of terabytes of data the blockchain will create at scale .
This gives the added security benefit of onchain transactions , without the downside of excessive chain bloat or need to explore offchain solutions like segwit/lightning network . As the fundamental value proposition of NEO is storing critical transaction data such as property titles and birth certificates , understanding how NEO hopes to achieve onchain scalability is key to fundamental analysis .
Technical
NEO exhibits the strongest bullish technical indicators possible on the one day candle chart .
Containers at the Yangshan Deep Water Port , part of the Shanghai Free Trade Zone , in Shanghai , China , Sept. 24 , 2016 . Aly Song/Reuters
Donald Trump was elected promising to conjure up 25 million jobs over the next decade , and “ be the greatest jobs president God ever created. ” On Dec. 21 , they announced the man who would be charged with bringing back many of those jobs from overseas : Peter Navarro , a 67-year-old professor at the University of California–Irvine 's business school , and former policy adviser to the Trump campaign , will head the newly created White House National Trade Council , and serve as an assistant to the president . According to Trump 's transition team , they “ will develop trade policies that shrink our trade deficit , expand our growth , and help stop the exodus of jobs from our shores. ” As such , Navarro could become one of America 's most influential economic voices . This should be cause for concern .
In their recent articles , books , and interviews , Navarro shares Trump 's strategy of casting aside nuance in favor of bombastic pronouncements , and of overpromising based on a cartoonish depiction of economics . Like Trump , Navarro relies on an oversimplified view of America 's economic woes : China stole American jobs , and , by standing up to China , we can wrest those jobs back .
Navarro 's 2011 book , Death by China : Confronting the Dragon—A Global Call to Action , co-written with the entrepreneur Greg Autry , lays out their economic worldview : “ Over the past decade , riding tall astride the Trojan Horse of free trade , a ‘ predatory ' China has stolen millions of American manufacturing jobs from under our noses . ”
Like Trump , they obsess over China 's currency manipulation . “ If money is the root of all evil , then China 's manipulation of its currency , the yuan , is the tap root of everything wrong with the U.S.-China trade relationship. ” Downplaying larger factors like America 's movement up the value chain , automation , and globalization , Navarro sees Chinese policy as the main reason for the loss of America 's manufacturing jobs . They believe China 's currency manipulation “ is threatening to tear asunder the entire global economic fabric and free trade framework. ” While some economists in 2011 believed the yuan was undervalued , Navarro drastically overstates the effect of China 's relatively weak yuan on America 's economy .
Navarro also believes American companies that shut down aging factories in the United States and “ open up gleaming , new state-of-the-art facilities in Dragonland ” are showing “ no patriotism ” ; for sharing technology with Chinese firms , General Electric CEO Jeffery Immelt is like the head of Vichy France . These are extreme views . In an October profile in the New Yorker , the journalist Adam Davidson writes , “ Navarro 's views on trade and China are so radical , however , that , even with their assistance , I was unable to find another economist who fully agrees with them . ”
Some of Navarro 's claims are simply factually false . They claim that eating imported Chinese food—which they imply is always contaminated by “ banned antibiotics , putrefying bacteria , heavy metals , or illegal pesticides ” —is “ suicidal. ” It 's not . They claim China 's “ ultra-lax worker health and safety standards [ are ] so far below international norms they make brown lung , butchered limbs , and a dizzying array of cancers not just occupational hazards but virtual certainties. ” But even in 2011 , the vast majority of Chinese did n't work in Dickensian sweatshops—and those who did were not virtually guaranteed a gruesome illness or death .
It might not be fair to complain about the writing , but Navarro can do much better ( more on that later ) . The chapter headlines read like a Mad lib where the phrases are borrowed from Daily Mail headlines : “ Death by Chinese Spy : How Beijing 's ‘ Vacuum Cleaners ' are Stealing the Rope to Hang Uncle Sam , ” or “ Death by Dark Liu : Look Ma , There 's a Death Star Pointing at Chicago. ” Malformed clichés pervade the book . The authors title a section on Caterpillar offshoring to China “ The Big Cat Kowtows to the Red Dragon ” ; the part of the book involving China 's human rights violations is called “ A Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Chinese Gulag. ” Titling a section about Africa “ An Overpopulated Dragon Overruns the Dark Continent ” is problematic , and not just from a literary standpoint .
I 've read dozens of China books . This is the worst one that I 've ever read . ( Navarro , Autry , and Trump 's transition team did n't respond to requests for comment . )
That Trump and Navarro share so many views on trade is n't only worrying because of what those views are . Many of Trump 's aides presumably see themselves in the president-elect , or admire him . But few , if any , publicly identify with them the same way that Navarro does . It 's hard to imagine Navarro pushing back on any of Trump 's proposals in the way that Gen. James Mattis , Trump 's pick for Secretary of Defense , reportedly caused them to revise their views on the efficacy of torture .
In a June article in the National Interest , Navarro argued that if Trump implemented their promised 45 percent tariff on Chinese exports , the trade deficit would solve itself . “ The far more likely Trump scenario is this , ” they write . “ Chinese leaders realize they no longer have a weak leader in the White House , China ceases its unfair trade practices , American 's massive trade deficit with China comes peacefully and prosperously back into balance , and both the US and Chinese economies benefit from trade . ”
That sequence of events is extremely unlikely to ever happen ; the more likely scenario is a trade war damaging to both countries . The problem with this magical thinking is , will Navarro advise Trump to have a back-up plan for what they expect does n't come to pass ? What happens when Beijing does retaliate ?
Navarro is a smarter and more nuanced thinker than their works over the past decade indicate . They have done well-regarded research on public utilities , for example . Before getting their Ph.D. , from Harvard , Navarro worked as a policy analyst , and spent three years in the Peace Corps in Thailand . A Harvard Ph.D. , Navarro has taught at UC–Irvine since 1989 , and has written more than a dozen books .
These range from the 2001 If It 's Raining in Brazil , Buy Starbucks : The Investor 's Guide to Profiting From News and Other Market-Moving Events—the type of book your uncle embarrassingly quotes from to justify their portfolio decisions—to a 1998 memoir , San Diego Confidential . The tale of Navarro 's two unsuccessful campaigns as a Democrat , for Congress and mayor , the memoir is surprisingly amusing and remarkably candid . Skimping on a campaign treasurer for their mayoral election , they write , “ wound up costing me several major investigations , lots of bad press , thousands of dollars in fines , and a dangerous flirtation with a jail cell . ”
They describe volunteers manning phone banks and calling on behalf of “ Democrats for Navarro , ” a “ phony organization , ” which “ creates the useful illusion of external partisan support and strong party affiliation. ” They continue , “ By the way , please do n't give me a hard time about this phony front-group stuff . It 's standard operating procedure in the sleazy world of politics. ” ( He also claims their opponent played “ the vagina card ” —telling people to vote for her , because Congress needs more women . ) Navarro the 1998 writer sounds like the slightly bitter but amusing raconteur at the cocktail party , whereas Navarro work 's from 2011 and later reminds one of the guy who stands uncomfortably close and whispers about Alex Jones .
The lesson from San Diego Confidential applicable to Navarro today is their ideological flexibility : In the book , a colleague quips their campaign slogan should be “ Navarro : Elect Him Before They Change Their Mind and Becomes a Republican Again . ”
Navarro was prescient in seeing Trump 's potential , and , as the only Ph.D. in economics among the Trump campaign 's top policy advisers , offered credibility to the candidate . In Trump , Navarro found a politician who shared their penchant for facile solutions to complicated problems . In other words , Navarro brilliantly anticipated the American people 's demand for blaming America 's economic woes on China . But many of their ideas are still dangerously wrong . And , tragically , he 's smart enough to know it .
Lobo2me Profile Joined May 2010 Norway 1212 Posts Last Edited : 2011-07-13 08:10:30 # 1
First , the average game length ( all matchups ) by tournament , which was the question that started it all :
http : //i.imgur.com/WZmGn.png
I used the records page on
Not all matchups were played enough to be statistically significant in most cases , but they were all used . The 3 first GSTL did n't have that many matches , so each matchup there is of course with a smaller amount of games and more vulnerable to random variances . The only matchups that were n't played at all in a tournament were PvP in GSL Open 3 and ZvZ in GSTL May ( which is why you 'll see them below the bottom in some of the graphs ) .
Even though Terran were doing pretty well in the first 3 GSL , there were n't that many mirror matches . The highest was GSL2 with 27 TvT , in comparison there were 48 TvT in GSLJan , 52 TvT in GSL Super Tournament and 57 TvT in GSLMay . I do n't know the amount played in the other matchups , because everything but mirror matchups was pulled directly from the GOMTV stats page ( they do n't show avg game time for mirrors -_- ) .
Here 's the summary of all matchups , all times are in Blizzard minutes , even though time on the GOMTV page are in real minutes . Each matchup is given from the perspective of the winner , so ZvP means a Zerg won in that game time , and PvZ means a Protoss won in that game time .
As expected , ZvT , TvZ and TvT games last for a pretty long time , while ZvZ and PvP are a lot shorter . One interesting anomaly was GSL3 ZvZ , which had an average game time of 20 minutes with 6 games played ( Nestea vs Sen , Tosyad vs FD and TheWind vs GoldenfOu ) .
You also have GSL3 being the season with the longest games on average , and GSLMay having the shortest games . In general the game length goes up to a top on GSL3 , then get shorter until GSLMay , and have been increasing since then ( but still shorter than GSL2 ) .
These are the numbers used for the graphs , the sum row and column are n't weighted by amount of games , but I hope it would n't have made the numbers completely different ( weighting would mean if there was 10 1 hour PvZ but 1 10 minute PvP and PvT , the weighted average would be 52 minutes for Protoss instead of the 27 minutes that the simple sum column would show ) .
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/XRCD4.png
Graph in the PvT matchup
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/qCP5c.png
PvZ
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/Tzo5e.png
ZvT
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/6Xq3s.png
Protoss wins
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/sOBXT.png
Zerg wins
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/pRg83.png
Terran wins
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/OxNdj.png
Mirror matchups
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/NEpLZ.png
Another thing I did for fun was a way of calculating the chance of getting different matchups in semifinals and finals of a tournament , given the way the brackets were set up with the different races and that each player had a 50 % chance of winning the series . Since it 's not 50 % chance to reach the next it 's not really useful for anything , but was still a bit fun to work it out .
With that spreadsheet the Super Tournament had a 3.7 % chance of getting the TvT TvT semifinals it did , with TvT TvZ at 11.2 % being most likely and PvP PvP at 0.03 % being least likely .
Edit :
All the next are weighted by amount of games . It does n't mean all the above are wrong , it 's just the correct way to show total averages in a tournament .
First , the average game length ( all matchups ) by tournament , which was the question that started it all :
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/WZmGn.png
Then , the game length in a matchup put together by tournament , to compare between matchups :
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/OGOmE.png
Average game length over the seasons so far , sorted by game length and showed by matchup ( ZvP is still only for games zergs won , ZvP/PvZ is for both put together ) :
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/WON3x.png
And then some stats used to make the graphs in the end :
+ Show Spoiler + http : //i.imgur.com/fNANx.png
Some fun facts from that ( remember all are in game time ) :
-There 's been 1386 games up to and excluding the current seasons so far , at a total of 432.5 hours .
-There 's been 392 ZvT , 358 PvT , 272 TvT , 218 PvZ , 77 PvP and 69 ZvZ .
-134 hours of ZvT , 108 hours of PvT , 92 hours TvT , 65.5 hours PvZ , 17 hours of ZvZ and 15.7 hours of PvP ( even with 8 more PvP played ) .
-The teamleagues had a different matchup that was played most for each one . The first had PvT ( 18 vs 8 TvT at second place ) , the second had TvT ( 13 vs 10 ZvT at second place ) and the third had TvZ ( 17 vs 9 ZvP ) .
-The average GSL game is at 18:43 in game time . Edit : Weighted averages across matchups and seasons along with some other stuff at the end.First , the average game length ( all matchups ) by tournament , which was the question that started it all : I used the records page on GOMTV to find the average game length on the different GSL tournaments and matchups , to see how that changed as time passed . It was basically inspired by what Day9 said in SotG 42 about how game lengths must have increased as the first seasons were mostly all ins . It does n't show the ongoing tournaments.Not all matchups were played enough to be statistically significant in most cases , but they were all used . The 3 first GSTL did n't have that many matches , so each matchup there is of course with a smaller amount of games and more vulnerable to random variances . The only matchups that were n't played at all in a tournament were PvP in GSL Open 3 and ZvZ in GSTL May ( which is why you 'll see them below the bottom in some of the graphs ) .Even though Terran were doing pretty well in the first 3 GSL , there were n't that many mirror matches . The highest was GSL2 with 27 TvT , in comparison there were 48 TvT in GSLJan , 52 TvT in GSL Super Tournament and 57 TvT in GSLMay . I do n't know the amount played in the other matchups , because everything but mirror matchups was pulled directly from the GOMTV stats page ( they do n't show avg game time for mirrors -_- ) .Here 's the summary of all matchups , all times are in Blizzard minutes , even though time on the GOMTV page are in real minutes . Each matchup is given from the perspective of the winner , so ZvP means a Zerg won in that game time , and PvZ means a Protoss won in that game time.As expected , ZvT , TvZ and TvT games last for a pretty long time , while ZvZ and PvP are a lot shorter . One interesting anomaly was GSL3 ZvZ , which had an average game time of 20 minutes with 6 games played ( Nestea vs Sen , Tosyad vs FD and TheWind vs GoldenfOu ) .You also have GSL3 being the season with the longest games on average , and GSLMay having the shortest games . In general the game length goes up to a top on GSL3 , then get shorter until GSLMay , and have been increasing since then ( but still shorter than GSL2 ) .These are the numbers used for the graphs , the sum row and column are n't weighted by amount of games , but I hope it would n't have made the numbers completely different ( weighting would mean if there was 10 1 hour PvZ but 1 10 minute PvP and PvT , the weighted average would be 52 minutes for Protoss instead of the 27 minutes that the simple sum column would show ) .Graph in the PvT matchupPvZZvTProtoss winsZerg winsTerran winsMirror matchupsAnother thing I did for fun was a way of calculating the chance of getting different matchups in semifinals and finals of a tournament , given the way the brackets were set up with the different races and that each player had a 50 % chance of winning the series . Since it 's not 50 % chance to reach the next it 's not really useful for anything , but was still a bit fun to work it out.With that spreadsheet the Super Tournament had a 3.7 % chance of getting the TvT TvT semifinals it did , with TvT TvZ at 11.2 % being most likely and PvP PvP at 0.03 % being least likely.Edit : All the next are weighted by amount of games . It does n't mean all the above are wrong , it 's just the correct way to show total averages in a tournament.First , the average game length ( all matchups ) by tournament , which was the question that started it all : Then , the game length in a matchup put together by tournament , to compare between matchups : Average game length over the seasons so far , sorted by game length and showed by matchup ( ZvP is still only for games zergs won , ZvP/PvZ is for both put together ) : And then some stats used to make the graphs in the end : Some fun facts from that ( remember all are in game time ) : -There 's been 1386 games up to and excluding the current seasons so far , at a total of 432.5 hours.-There 's been 392 ZvT , 358 PvT , 272 TvT , 218 PvZ , 77 PvP and 69 ZvZ.-134 hours of ZvT , 108 hours of PvT , 92 hours TvT , 65.5 hours PvZ , 17 hours of ZvZ and 15.7 hours of PvP ( even with 8 more PvP played ) .-The teamleagues had a different matchup that was played most for each one . The first had PvT ( 18 vs 8 TvT at second place ) , the second had TvT ( 13 vs 10 ZvT at second place ) and the third had TvZ ( 17 vs 9 ZvP ) .-The average GSL game is at 18:43 in game time . Bad manners are better than no manners at all .
Lisk.Chat — New Channels , Meet the Moderators , and Updated Code of Conduct
Lisk Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 20 , 2017
With almost 10,000 community members now on Lisk.Chat , we wanted to make some improvements as we power into 2018 . The objective of the Lisk.Chat platform has always been to help drive and facilitate Lisk-focused communication . The platform has been crafted by the community , for the community .
From January , we will be introducing new channels in order to streamline communication . In doing this , community members have clear indicators on where to ask questions and participate in discussions related to specific subjects . Our moderators will be present as much as possible , notifying individual users if the discussion is not in the appropriate room , and will then politely ask you to move it .
The new channels breakdown is as follows :
# Announcements : from LiskHQ .
# General : General Lisk questions and discussions .
# Ambassadors : Open channel for all information and guidance on planning meetups/events in your local area .
# Projects : Collaborate , organize and grow your ideas in the projects room .
# Help-Desk : The perfect spot for newcomers to get questions fielded quickly by the community . The help desk is open for questions from everyone of all knowledge levels about Lisk .
# Network : For community members interested in or already securing the Lisk network .
# Delegates : Advertise/campaign for a delegate position here .
# Off-Topic : If you 're going on a tirade about gaming , take it here .
# Trading : For speculating about cryptocurrency trading .
Language specific channels : For those who want to chat about Lisk in their native language : # French , # Spanish , # Italian , # Russian , # German , # Chinese , # Indian , # Dutch , # Indonesian , # Polish , # Portuguese , and Romanian .
Developers Can Connect with us on Gitter
We are often asked why we encourage developers to connect with us on a separate chat platform , Gitter . The reason being , Gitter was built for developers and offers a large open source community , linking directly to Lisk 's GitHub . The platform connects with users and developers , allowing them to gain further insight into how the Lisk project is progressing . If you are a developer or simply seeking answers to more technical questions , please join us there .
Meet the Moderators
We would like to thank our amazing moderators for all the work they do on Lisk.Chat . With their assistance , Lisk.Chat continues to grow into an environment that binds the Lisk Community together . Thank you to punkrock , StellarDynamic , 5an1ty , cc001 , redsn0w , alepop and liskpro.com !
We asked a few questions so you can get to know them better :
@ punkrock
Where are you located ? Göttingen , Germany .
When did you first learn about Lisk ? I read about Lisk in February 2016 in the NEM 's IRC chat .
How long have you been a moderator on Lisk.Chat ? Since Lisk.Chat started with moderators .
What is your speciality ? My speciality is helping newbies with any kind of question they have , if it 's not too deep and technical . If it is technical , I send them to Lisk 's Gitter chat .
Describe Lisk in three words : Professional , long-term , mass-adoption .
@ StellarDynamic
Where are you located ? New Orleans , USA .
When did you first learn about Lisk ? Learned about Lisk from the Ethereum stack exchange and saw it as an opportunity to participate in an emerging project .
How long have you been a moderator on Lisk.Chat ? Six months .
What is your speciality ? General Support , Lisk node setup , delegate campaign support , meetup assistance , community marketing and outreach .
Describe Lisk in three words : Chain of Opportunity .
@ 5an1ty
Where are you located ? Belgium .
When did you first learn about Lisk ? In 2016 , while searching for JavaScript based blockchain projects .
How long have you been a moderator on Lisk.Chat ? One week .
What is your speciality ? I 'm a developer who is fairly knowledgeable in DevOps .
Describe Lisk in three words : Developers , Developers , Developers .
@ cc001
Where are you located ? Switzerland .
When did you first learn about Lisk ? At the very beginning . Since then , I 'm with Lisk more or less every single day .
How long have you been a moderator on Lisk.Chat ? Since August , 2017 .
What is your speciality ? I 'm very technical , love Linux and coding/scripting and everything related to future technology .
Describe Lisk in three words : Pioneering , Fascinating , Disruptive .
@ redsn0w
Where are you located ? Italy .
When did you first learn about Lisk ? During the Lisk ICO
How long have you been a moderator on Lisk.Chat ? One year .
What is your speciality ? General support .
Describe Lisk in three words : Strong , Awesome , Cool
@ alepop ( moderator in # Russian )
Where are you located ? Saint-Petersburg , Russia .
When did you first learn about Lisk ? I found out about Lisk in the spring of 2017 .
How long have you been a moderator on Lisk.Chat ? One week : )
What is your speciality ? I am a JavaScript developer . You can find my contributions on the LiskHQ GitHub .
Describe Lisk in three words : Future , JavaScript , Apps .
@ liskpro.com ( moderator in # French )
Where are you located ? Belgium .
When did you first learn about Lisk ? We first learned about Lisk in March of 2017 while looking for blockchain projects to build applications on . We have been involved in crypto since 2012 . We speak French and English , and it was a pleasure to accept the moderator status for the # French channel .
How long have you been a moderator on Lisk.chat ? Our moderator status is fresh .
What is your speciality ? We are working as _IT-sys-Admin_ and can help people with their nodes . Furthermore , we have a good technical experience about cryptos and DPoS mechanisms . If people want to know more about Lisk ( in French ) , we are also here to answer every single question .
Describe Lisk in three words : Blockchain scalability ( in ) Javascript .
Code of Conduct
Based on the amazing feedback we have received by the community , we have reworked our chat rules and guidelines to ensure the code of conduct is clear for everyone . See the updates below .
No offensive material . No homophobic , racist , or otherwise socially derogatory language . If what you have to say is not civil , do n't say it . Keep politics out of the chat . Please be helpful , respectful and courteous . Be kind ! Try to be friendly , even if others are not : ) If someone is acting inappropriately , leave the situation to the moderators and do not be drawn into the trolls game . Do not spam Lisk.Chat unnecessarily ( moderation team will determine how this is tolerated ) , or with capital letters . This includes anything perceived as inciting spam . Use our bot Liska only in private conversation to avoid spamming the main channels . Follow the instructions of our moderators . If you think someone is breaking the rules , please contact our moderators or LiskHQ through private chat — punkrock , StellarDynamic , 5an1ty , cc001 , redsn0w , alepop and liskpro.com . We trust our moderators to put events into context and make judgment calls . Relevant and helpful links are welcome on Lisk.Chat . Please use the most applicable room for your comments ( see guide above ) . If you are aware of any phishing websites , report them in the general chat to ensure fellow Liskers are aware . Do not discuss or link to inappropriate material . Asking for votes : It 's okay to ask for votes every 12 hours but please use # delegates room ( do not ask in # general ) . Report abuse . Every user should feel comfortable reporting abuse on Lisk.Chat . This is a place where valuable discussions are taking place and we are determined to keep it this way . If a moderator or LiskHQ member is not available , please screenshot or record the conversation .
Our moderators and LiskHQ members will ensure that the valuable discussions are flowing , however if users do break the rules , we will take the following steps :
1st offense : Warning
2nd offense : 12 hour mute
3rd offense : 48 hour mute
4th offense : Permanent ban
Final Words
Finally , thank you to everyone who has been using the Lisk.Chat channel this year ! It 's been one of our favorite places to communicate with the community , gain inspiration and discuss ideas based on your feedback . Looking forward to speaking with you all in 2018 !
For more information on how you can engage with us , please check out the Lisk Blog , Lisk subreddit and the Lisk Newsletter .
— The Lisk Team
sometime in the fourth quarter
Last week , we told you that Motorola had changed some of the information on its software update page . We focused in on four models where Motorola had changed the outlook from a Q3 update to Android 4.0 to `` Further plans coming soon '' . The four phones involved were the Motorola ATRIX 2 Motorola PHOTON 4G and the Motorola Electrify.Of the four phones , the Motorola ATRIX 2 is now scheduled to be updated to Android 4.0 . The actual rollout could be earlier than expected as the device is already undergoing a soak test and a leaked screenshot of the `` About Phone `` page shows the handset getting Android 4.0.4 . So for those of you rocking the Motorola ATRIX 2 , we say congratulations.Owners of the other three models are going to have what little ember of hope they had for Ice Cream Sandwich , snuffed out by the manufacturer . Motorola has once again updated its software upgrade page and it now says that the Motorola ATRIX 4G , the Motorola Electrify and the Motorola PHOTON 4G will each remain on Android 2.3.It 's been a confusing ride for owners of some Motorola devices . Hopefully the Android 4.1 update will allow Motorola to start fresh and disseminate solid information about its future intentions.source : Motorola
In June 2010 Bush gave the commencement speech to graduates of a huge , for-profit virtual school in Columbus , Ohio , called the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow . Bush used the occasion to extol the virtues of online learning , but in fact the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow was a particularly poor example . Mother Jones examined the school 's track record : “ In 2010 , barely half of its third graders scored proficient or better on state reading tests , and only 49 percent scored proficient in math , compared with state averages of 80 percent and 82 percent , respectively . ECOT 's graduation rate has never exceeded 40 percent . ”
Joel Klein—first Bloomberg 's right-hand man , then Murdoch's—also encountered problems . From the perspective of market-oriented school reformers , Bloomberg and Klein had been riding high for a few years . The state legislature had given Bloomberg almost total control of the New York City school system . They and Klein quickly imposed their vision of corporate-style governance , which included extensive testing , an intense commitment to charter schools , and , more than anywhere else , the adoption of Bill Gates 's notion that breaking up large high schools into smaller , often specialized schools was a key to improving education outcomes .
The Bloomberg-Klein reforms seemed promising at first , and kudos from around the nation and even around the world rolled in . Student achievement appeared to be rising significantly , and the black-white achievement gap seemed to be narrowing . But rigorous analyses showed that much of the progress had been illusory . The apparent gains in reading in 2009 , for example , were the result of a test-score bubble . The tests had been dumbed down .
Worse was to come . It started with Klein 's announcement in November 2010 that they were quitting as chancellor to move into the much higher-paying precincts of the Murdoch operation . Bloomberg 's choice to replace them was bizarre . Cathleen Black—or Cathie , as they preferred to be called—was a longtime media executive . Them most recent positions had been president and then chairperson of the Hearst magazine empire . Them social world was similar to Bloomberg's—the glitzy , moneyed playgrounds of the corporate and media elite . Political observers , and even some of the mayor 's closest associates , scratched their heads . Even Black was surprised when Bloomberg offered them the job of running the nation 's largest school system , a behemoth of an operation with a multibillion-dollar budget , 135,000 employees and 1.1 million students .
Black had had no previous experiences with the public schools . They had n't attended them ( as Joel Klein had ) . They had n't taught in them . They had n't sent their children to them . In one of their first public appearances after the appointment , they said , “ What I ask for is your patience as I get up to speed . ”
Black was hapless in the job . According to the New York Times , they came to be seen as a “ feeble figure within the department , ” sitting quietly , or silently , at high-level meetings and deferring to the people they were supposed to be supervising . They had trouble mastering the system 's maddeningly complex budget processes and was inept in their preparations for television interviews . Aides finally decided to just keep them off TV .
Black lasted in the job just 95 days . Bloomberg pulled the plug suddenly on a Thursday morning in April 2011 . Black had n't seen that coming , either . Later , reflecting on their brief tenure , they expressed irritation at what they felt were unflattering photos of them that had appeared in the press . “ The worst pictures ! ” they complained in an interview with Fortune magazine .
The Black debacle , Bill Gates 's small-schools initiative , and the Packard-Milken-Ellison virtual schools venture are just a few vivid examples of the dangers inherent in a school reform movement driven by millionaires and billionaires with no real knowledge or understanding of public education . I could go on—the Walton Family Foundation , for example , has pushed a privatization agenda that would siphon money from public schools by funneling tax dollars , in the form of vouchers and other initiatives , to families that want to send their children elsewhere . And the Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation has established training programs to groom non-traditional types—business executives , military officers , lawyers—for appointments as public school superintendents or to other high-level managerial positions , where they put the foundation 's free-market and privatization policies into practice . One Broad graduate , Jean-Claude Brizard , took over the Chicago school system under Mayor Rahm Emanuel , where they continued the reformist policies of their predecessors—firing teachers and shutting down schools—with no appreciable gains in academic performance .
The amount of money in play is breathtaking . And the fiascos it has wrought put a spotlight on America 's class divide and the damage that members of the elite , with their money and their power and their often misguided but unshakable belief in their talents and their virtue , are inflicting on the less financially fortunate .
Those who are genuinely interested in improving the quality of education for all American youngsters are faced with two fundamental questions : First , how long can school systems continue to pursue market-based reforms that have failed year after demoralizing year to improve the education of the nation 's most disadvantaged children ? And second , why should a small group of America 's richest individuals , families , and foundations be allowed to exercise such overwhelming—and often such toxic—influence over the ways in which public school students are taught ?
The successful trials marked completion of the development phase of the weapon
The indigenously developed beyond visual range air-to-air missile -- Astra -- underwent a series of successful trials for four days over the Bay of Bengal , marking completion of its development phase . `` The final development flight trials of Astra BVRAAM were successfully conducted over the Bay of Bengal , off the coast of Chandipur in Odisha during September 11-14 . A total of seven trials were conducted against pilotless target aircraft successfully , '' the defence ministry said in a statement today.The successful trial of the Beyond Visual Range Air to Air Missile ( BVRAAM ) paves way for its induction into the Indian Air Force ( IAF ) .The missile system has been developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) in cooperation with the IAF.A number of defence public sector undertakings ( DPSUs ) and more than 50 public and private industries have contributed in developing the weapon system.Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman congratulated the DRDO , IAF , DPSUs and industries for the successful trials of the missile.The defence ministry said the successful trials marked completion of the development phase of the weapon system `` successfully '' .Director General of DRDO 's Missiles and Strategic Systems G Satheesh Reddy said the technologies developed under the programme will be the building blocks for development of more variants of air-to-air and surface-to-air missiles.The ministry said the flight trials included multiple launches of the missile to engage multiple targets including at `` very long '' range and medium range.It said all the sub-systems performed accurately , meeting all the mission parameters and objectives . Two missiles were also launched in the combat configuration with warhead .
Films like Jurassic Park have led us to believe that Tyrannosaurus rex was capable of chasing down its prey at full tilt . New research done with simulations suggest this dino was no sprinter , and that it could n't move any faster than a brisk walk . Well , a brisk walk for a nine ton carnivore . At a top speed of 12 miles per hour , you 'd still be hard pressed to outrun this prehistoric beast .
New research published in PeerJ suggests the size and weight of a T. rex would have prevented it from running , and that it could n't move any faster than 5.4 meters per second , or 12 miles per hour . Any faster , and the leg bones of this biped would have collapsed and buckled under the tremendous weight . This means that T. rex was unable to pursue its prey at high speeds—but high speed is a relative term . For reference , typical humans can sprint anywhere between eight to 15 miles per hour ( elite athletes can exceed 20 mph ) . So to outrun a T. rex , many animals—or fictional humans—would still have to run like hell .
Advertisement
Paleontologists have been debating T. rex 's running ability for decades . At the high end , some research has suggested that T. rex could run a blistering 20 meters per second ( 45 mph ) , while more recent research has suggested a more manageable pace around five to 11 meters per second ( 11 to 18 mph ) . This latest study , led by William Sellers from Manchester University 's School of Earth and Environmental Sciences , affirms the low end of these estimates , while also demonstrating , through the use of computer simulations , that T. rex was incapable of running . Instead , the study suggests it walked briskly in a “ bird-like ” manner .
Advertisement
For the analysis , Sellers combined two established techniques used to study the biomechanical properties of animals , namely multibody dynamic analysis ( MBDA ) and skeletal stress analysis ( SSA ) . This is the first time paleontologists have combined the two approaches , and it 's creating a more accurate portrait of dinosaur physiology . Previous simulations failed to consider the effect of “ skeletal loading , ” that is , the limits to how much pressure bones can bear before snapping . For the new study , the simulations calculated all the forces in the T. rex 's limb bones , and then produced an estimate of the bone loading on impact .
Results indicated that any running gaits for T. rex would have undoubtedly led to “ unacceptably high skeletal loads. ” In other words , any kind of running would have broken this dinosaur 's legs .
“ The available herbivorous dinosaurs in its environment ... were all much slower than an adult T. rex—it was just slaughter in the slow lane . ”
Advertisement
“ I think this is an important contribution because the modeling is based directly on the intrinsic limits of physical properties of bone , which quickly circumscribes the types of forces that such large skeletons could tolerate , ” Thomas Carr , a paleontologist at Carthage College in Kenosha , Wisconsin , told Gizmodo . “ In this case , running is eliminated for T. rex because the loads would simply snap the bones ; this inference is consistent with previous work , and it is encouraging that different studies are converging on the same answer . ”
The new findings suggest that T. rex could n't pursue its prey in a high speed chase , and that it led a less athletic life than previously assumed . But it was still a predator to be feared .
“ It does n't matter if adult T. rex could n't run : all it had to do was move more quickly than its prey , ” explained Carr , who was n't involved in the new study . “ The available herbivorous dinosaurs in its environment—Edmontosaurus , Triceratops , Ankylosaurus—were all much slower than an adult T. rex— it was just slaughter in the slow lane . ”
Advertisement
David A. Burnham , a paleontologist at the University Kansas , says this study does n't show the whole picture .
“ I would like to see a similar analysis done for Edmontosaurus and Triceratops , ” they told Gizmodo . “ If the data fits with these [ animals ] as prey items then we have a reasonable picture . In other words , the speed of T. rex should overlap theirs—at least for the young , slow and sick individuals since we know they were hunted . ”
Burnham says the authors relied on a basic assumption about T. rex 's running style , and that , without knowing the “ precise concert of the skeletomusculature system , ” it could very well be that T. rex utilized a different gait similar to fast walking .
Advertisement
This latest finding also holds implications for other large bipedal carnivores , such as Giganotosaurus , Mapusaurus , and Acrocanthosaurus . Sellers says these large animals may have been bound by similar physical constraints , but that further research will have to bear this assumption out .
[ PeerJ ]
Gigantic Tricolour hoisted on tallest flag mast in Bangalore
Bangalore , Jan 23 ( IANS ) : A gigantic Tricolour , measuring 48x72 feet and weighing 31 kg , was hoisted Thursday at a dizzy height of 65 metres at the National Military Memorial here .
Karnataka Governor H.R . Bhardwaj dedicated the Tricolour and the Rs.40-lakh war memorial to Indian soldiers who laid their lives for the country .
The event coincided with the 117th birth anniversary of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose .
Made of polyester fabric and stitched with the Chakra ( wheel ) in about two months in Mumbai , the Tricolour cost the Delhi-based Flag Foundation of India Rs.50,000 .
The tall flag pole , weighing 12.5 tonnes , was manufactured in 20 days by 160 people . It was fabricated and painted with epoxy resin at the historic location in eight days .
The day is also significant as the Supreme Court Jan 23 , 2005 permitted the hoisting of the National Flag in public places .
`` As a 24x7 monumental flag , the Tricolour will not be lowered after sunset and will flutter even during night . With the memorial illuminated , the flag mast can be seen from far away , '' National Military Memorials Committee chairperson Rajeev Chandrasekhar said on the occasion .
Names of about 24,000 martyrs have been inscribed in plaques on the memorial 's walls .
Models of weapon systems are on display at the 10,000 square feet underground motivation hall in the memorial park . The 700-tonne monolithic granite flagstaff is 70 feet high and has been named `` Veeragullu '' ( brave stone ) , a traditional stone memorial installed for slain warriors .
Chandrasekhar is a leading Bangalore-based business person and an independent lawmaker in the Rajya Sabha from Karnataka .
While the Karnataka government built the memorial , Chandrasekhar spearheaded the project in recognition of the bravery and sacrifice of the armed forces .
The memorial is divided in two sections - one being the emotional and commemorative segment to honour post-independence martyrs and other in the underground motivational hall to inform , educate , arouse curiosity and develop a national security psyche .
`` A military memorial by citizens is a fitting tribute to martyrs and their families . Armed forces are a dedicated group of people who give up their today for tomorrow with a selfless service and nationalism , which is a matter of pride and dignity for the nation , '' Chandrasekhar said .
India Gate in New Delhi is the only military memorial in public area which displays names of 70,000 Indian soldiers who were martyred during the World Wars .
`` But India Gate was built by the British , while the Indian government did not build even one such national memorial in a public area since independence , '' Chandrasekhar said .
As one of the largest armies in the world , the Indian military has 13 lakh men and women , with 11 lakh reservists and 13 lakh paramilitary forces .
In addition , there are 25 lakh ex-servicemen across the country for whom the war memorial is a mark of respect .
Microsoft has released an exceptionally strong set of second quarter results , on the back of growth in the company 's Windows and Entertainment divisions . Depending on how you do the accounting—and Microsoft reports it two ways this time—Microsoft either saw a slight drop in profit or a jump . Either way , the company 's revenues were up , and the big story is that Kinect had quite a bit to do with it .
`` We are enthusiastic about the consumer response to our holiday lineup of products , including the launch of Kinect . The 8 million units of Kinect sensors sold in just 60 days far exceeded our expectations , '' said Peter Klein , chief financial officer at Microsoft in a statement .
The company 's Entertainment & Devices Division saw a whopping 55 percent growth , as Kinect goosed sales of Xboxes , Live subscriptions , and games . On the earnings call , Microsoft claimed that Kinect is the fastest-selling consumer electronics device in history , and predicted that Entertainment & Devices revenue will see another 50 percent growth in this quarter .
Kinect was by no means the only winner , though . Office had another good quarter , with Office 2010 powering the company 's Business Division to 24 percent year-over-year growth . Microsoft claims that Office 2010 sales have beaten Office 2007 sales over an equivalent post-launch period by 50 percent .
Windows 7 is also doing well , with 300 million licenses sold . Microsoft reports that its newest OS is running on 20 percent of Internet-connected PCs . The software maker cited IDC data that 90 percent of companies have started migrating to Windows 7 .
Microsoft also used the earnings call to talk a bit about Windows Phone 7 , repeating its assertion from CES that the device 's consumer satisfaction numbers are sky-high . The company claims 93 percent customer satisfaction and strong developer engagement , and it reiterated that it 's committed to the product 's long-term success .
Consistent with what other tech companies have reported in recent quarters , sales in emerging markets are outpacing those in developed markets . Business spending is also rebounding , and Microsoft says that business PC purchases outpaced consumer purchases last quarter . The company expects that the business PC refresh cycle will continue , that IT expenditures will continue to grow , and that the business market will continue to beat the consumer market in PC sales .
Netbook sales declined , while laptop notebook growth remained strong . In the Q & A , the company indicated that some of the decline in netbook sales could be attributed to cannibalization from ultraportables and tablets , but declined to elaborate further .
Listing image by Image credit : Wikimedia Commons
NEWCASTLE United face a tough summer off the pitch – after a difficult few months on the field .
The club will confirm the capture of 20-year-old Tenerfie striker Ayoze Perez next month .
But Newcastle needs to make as many as half a dozen more signings between now and the end of August , when the summer transfer window closes .
The club needs to sign a replacement for January departure Yohan Cabaye and Loic Remy , who spent last season on loan at St James 's Park .
United manager Alan Pardew thrashed out a transfer strategy with owner Mike Ashley and newly-appointed managing director Lee Charnley earlier this month .
And Pardew – backed by Ashley despite calls from fans for their sacking after a dismal run of results since the turn of the year – is braced for a challenging few months .
“ There 's a lot of negotiating to do and a lot of work to do this summer – there 's no doubt about that , ” Pardew told the Gazette .
Pardew – who was pictured at the Monaco Grand Prix last weekend – has seen Shola Ameobi and Dan Gosling leave the club .
Long-serving Jonas Gutierrez could be another departure , having been sent out on loan last season .
And Newcastle , who will activate Perez 's £1.8m release clause , need to add both strength and depth to a squad which has been found wanting in recent seasons .
Perez , 20 , is still playing – Tenerife 's Segunda Division campaign ends next month – and the deal will be finalised once they have kicked their last ball for the club .
Perez will sign a five-year deal at United , according to reports in Spain .
Newcastle are also tracking Montpellier 's Remy Cabella and Lyon 's Clement Grenier .
Cabella and Grenier , both attacking midfielders , were the subject of interest from the club after Cabaye 's sale to Paris Saint-Germain .
In an interview this week , Cabella suggested they were keen to move to the Premier League , and Grenier is interested in a move to United .
And it is inconceivable that the pair – both France internationals – would not have discussed the club with United 's large French contingent .
Grenier is in Didier Deschamps 's 23-man selection for the World Cup along with Mathieu Debuchy and Moussa Sissoko , while Cabella is on standby .
One player who is not a target is 31-year-old midfielder Steve Sidwell , who played under Pardew at Reading and is out of contract at Fulham this summer .
Meanwhile , defenders Davide Santon and Steven Taylor have again been linked with moves away from the club .
Santon 's agent , however , has suggested that the 23-year-old – who is settled on Tyneside – is in line for a new deal at St James 's Park .
And Taylor , reportedly the subject of interest from newly-promoted Queens Park Rangers , is not understood to be surplus to requirements at Newcastle , despite a frustrating season on the fringes .
The 28-year-old has been assured they still have a future at United .
I ca n't really leave Benjamin Disraeli without posting some more pictures from their country home , Hughenden Manor . It 's the most quintessentially Victorian place I can think of . In those days , it must have seemed perfectly natural to hang side-by-side portraits of the Prime Minister and their Queen above the fireplace–in the bedroom Mr. Disraeli shared with their loving wife , Mary Anne . They decorated the room herself .
In the House of Lords during the height of the British Empire , politicians wore red velvet robes on ceremonial occasions , without irony or having to wade through rude protests outside . Becoming the Earl of Beaconsfield was a proud accomplishment for a man born into a modest Jewish family in 1804 . Disraeli became an Anglican at age 12 , and remained one for the rest of their long life .
We tend to think that Britain has a fairly rigid class system , but even in Victorian times it was possible for an unlikely man to rise to the height of power , through luck , connections , charm and sheer hard work .
Queen Victoria has a reputation for sternness , but they knew how to be amused , too . And their trusted friend Benjamin Disraeli amused them
The Queen set an example of happy , respectable family life for their subjects . Mary Anne Disraeli created a peaceful refuge at home for their busy husband .
Why did Victorians stuff their homes with so much stuff ? In a restored Victorian home like Hughenden , every surface is occupied : baubles , bibelots , and knickknacks carefully arranged on top of curlicued whatnots . In Victorian times , minimalism was an unknown concept . And old photos seem even more crowded than restored rooms . Why ? Here 's my theory : the British ruled an empire that spanned the entire globe . Victorian rooms seem crowded and stuffy to the modern sensibility , but I think all those possessions were an exuberant expression of Victorian confidence and optimism . If you 've got it , flaunt it !
Mary Anne Disraeli presided over a lively dinner table . They were practical , too–which their husband was not . Household records show that after one dinner party , they sent two big unused blocks of cheese back to the cheesemonger . Waste not , want not !
Disraeli loved trees . In fact , while Mary Anne was busy inside finding just the right places for their trinkets and doodads , Disraeli was busy outside planting trees–the more the better . They brought in specimens from the far-flung empire and created a forest that lives on today . They spent hours walking among their trees , taking solace from their growth and variety . They once remarked , “ I am not surprised that the ancients worshipped trees . ”
I was so interested in the house–with its Victorian history as well as the amazing part it played in World War II–that I did n't get into the gardens and the forest . Next time !
The three posts just before this one described the vital history of Hughenden in more detail . Join me next time for more explorations in the art and history of Europe and the British Isles !
The Los Angeles Clippers announced today that they have re-signed free agent forward Hedo Turkoglu . Terms of the deal were not disclosed .
“ We are happy to welcome Hedo back to the Clippers , ” Clippers President of Basketball Operations and Head Coach Doc Rivers said . “ Hedo is a versatile , veteran presence who contributed to the championship culture we are building in Los Angeles . ”
Turkoglu , 35 , appeared in 38 games for the Clippers last season after being signed on January 10 . They averaged 3.0 points and 2.3 rebounds in 10.0 minutes of play . Turkoglu has appeared in 935 career games ( 569 starts ) with Los Angeles , Orlando , Phoenix , Toronto , San Antonio and Sacramento . A 14-year NBA veteran , Turkoglu owns career averages of 11.5 points , 4.1 rebounds and 3.0 assists in 27.8 minutes per game . The 6-foot-10 inch forward is a career 38.2 percent shooter from three-point range .
The NBA 's first Turkish born player , Turkoglu was named the NBA 's Most Improved Player in 2007-08 when they averaged a career-high 19.5 points , 5.7 rebounds and 5.0 assists . The Istanbul native was named the NBA 's Eastern Conference Player of the Week twice ( periods ending Jan. 27 , 2008 and Feb. 3 , 2008 ) and was a key member of the Orlando Magic team that appeared in the 2009 NBA Finals .
Turkoglu has appeared in 98 career postseason games ( 72 starts ) with averages of 10.7 points , 4.2 rebounds and 2.9 assists .
Originally selected with the 16th overall pick in the 2000 NBA Draft by the Kings , Turkoglu played four seasons in the Turkish Professional League before coming to the NBA .
Former Rep. Mike Oxley , An Architect Of Post-Enron Bill , Dies At 71
Enlarge this image toggle caption Shawn Thew/AFP/Getty Images Shawn Thew/AFP/Getty Images
Michael Oxley , a former Republican member of congress from Ohio , died this morning at 71 . Their family says their death was the result of lung cancer — though they add that they were not a smoker .
Rep. Oxley 's name is plenty familiar to anybody who works in finance . The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 governs almost every aspect of a company 's financial reporting and accounting practices , and people in the industry often complain about the cost of complying with all the reporting rules . Some say SOX — as the act Oxley co-authored with Sen. Paul Sarbanes , D-Md. , is called inside the financial industry — is driving companies to the simpler regulatory climates of overseas markets .
Business Many on Wall Street Still Under Enron 's Pall Many on Wall Street Still Under Enron 's Pall Listen
Business Enron and the Fall of Arthur Andersen Enron and the Fall of Arthur Andersen Listen
But what 's often forgotten is why Sarbanes-Oxley was passed . Before the financial crisis of 2008 , there was the the dot-com implosion of 2000 , and the high-profile fraud revealed by the collapse of Enron and the alleged complicity of its auditing company , the late Arthur Andersen .
YouTube
As Oxley recalled five years later , there was intense pressure on Congress to reform corporate accounting in America .
As chairperson of the House Financial Services Committee , they said they barely could risk walking onto the House floor , because they would be `` besieged '' by colleagues who 'd just come back from their districts , where their constituents had demanded reform .
In retrospect , they came to believe that this `` white-hot political response '' was a result of the fact that Americans had spent the previous generation becoming a `` nation of investors , '' as pensions were replaced by 401 ( k ) retirement plans .
`` Those people intuitively understood that that was their money , '' they said .
Business The Marketplace Report : Dealing with Sarbanes-Oxley The Marketplace Report : Dealing with Sarbanes-Oxley Listen
Business Has Accounting World Changed Since Enron ? Has Accounting World Changed Since Enron ? Listen
Deal Reached on Corporate Fraud Bill Deal Reached on Corporate Fraud Bill Listen
This `` democratization '' of Wall Street was something the financial industry had long been pushing for — and it got what it wanted , as 401 ( k ) s became the new normal .
What Wall Street had n't bargained for — but Michael Oxley understood — was that with this democratization of the investment industry came a new obligation for companies to show their cards . It 's an obligation that many on Wall Street consider a burden to this day , as they complain about the pains of complying with Sarbanes-Oxley .
Story highlights CNN 's Drew Griffin : `` None of this is new -- zero -- and there was no FBI involvement ''
`` This stuff was not in the FBI files , '' former Jackson lawyer Tom Mesereau says
`` The paper took this old story and ( made ) it seems new , '' journalist Diane Dimond says
A former porn actor whose investigator 's license was revoked is linked to the material
A London tabloid declared Sunday that `` secret FBI files '' reveal Michael Jackson paid millions to silence dozens of boys they abused .
A website can enjoy a sharp spike in traffic -- which can translate into advertising revenue -- with a sensational headline .
But journalists and others who have closely followed the controversies and legal fights surrounding the pop star found the description by the Sunday People newspaper of the documents as being from FBI files to be questionable .
'Recycled tabloid reports '
`` None of this is new -- zero -- and there was no FBI involvement , '' said CNN Special Investigations reporter Drew Griffin . `` It just sounds like recycled tabloid reports from 20 years ago . ''
JUST WATCHED Prince Jackson testifies against AEG Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Prince Jackson testifies against AEG 02:24
JUST WATCHED Paris : Michael said nanny 'lied a lot ' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Paris : Michael said nanny 'lied a lot ' 01:54
JUST WATCHED Compare Michael Jackson in 2001 to 2009 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Compare Michael Jackson in 2001 to 2009 01:09
Griffin saw and reported on the same material more than a decade ago as a local Los Angeles reporter .
`` The bottom line is this stuff was not in the FBI files , '' said Tom Mesereau , the lawyer who successfully defended Jackson against child molestation charges in a lengthy trial in 2005 . `` The FBI closed the investigation . It sounds like a bunch of utter nonsense . ''
Journalist Diane Dimond , who is no defender of the pop icon , also attacked the Sunday People article .
`` It is obvious the paper took this old story and proceeded to make it seem new by adding numbers to it -- 24 boys paid off $ 35 million by Michael Jackson , '' Dimond said . `` The problem is there 's no evidence to back up the claim that Jackson made that many payoffs . ''
Dimond 's book `` Be Careful Who You Love : Inside the Michael Jackson Case '' details their coverage of allegations of improper relationships between Jackson and boys .
The tabloid report was published at a critical time for the Jackson family , as its wrongful death lawsuit against a concert promoter entered its 10th week and while Jackson 's daughter , Paris , is being treated after a reported suicide attempt .
`` The files will also dismay Jacko 's kids , Prince , 16 , Paris , 15 , and 11-year-old Blanket , who have not yet come to terms with losing their father , '' the Sunday People story said .
Michael Jackson considered the British tabloids ' use of `` Jacko '' to be a derogatory term .
Griffin , Dimond and Mesereau each point to Paul Barresi , a former porn actor who lost their private investigator 's license for fabricating evidence , as the person who possessed the material published Sunday .
It included an audio recording of an interview done by Jim Mitteager , a reporter with the U.S.-based Globe tabloid , with a couple who worked as chefs at Jackson 's Neverland Ranch . Mitteager left the tape to Baressi when they died of cancer in 1997 .
`` Paul Barresi made it no secret over the years that they had come into possession of the Mitteager tapes and that they included a long interview with Philip and Stella LeMarque , the former live-in couple at Neverland , '' Dimond said . `` He discussed the tapes and their contents with me on several occasions . ''
Griffin said Barresi also gave them access to the material years ago . It included reports Barresi wrote when they worked for now-disgraced celebrity investigator Anthony Pellicano . Pellicano is serving a 15-year federal prison sentence for a wiretapping and racketeering convictions .
Porn star turned P.I .
`` Since Barresi has fairly recently been stripped of their P.I . 's license , I can imagine that money has been tight for him , '' Dimond said . `` My best guess is that the UK paper offered Mr. Barresi several thousand dollars for their copies of the old Pellicano files . ''
When CNN called Barresi on Tuesday to ask if they sold the materials to the newspaper , they responded : `` I have no comment and that 's all I have to say . ''
But before the question could be posed , they asked if the reporter wanted to know how many times he 's had sex in a hammock . They explained it was a common question people ask because of their porn film career .
Barresi 's films , with titles such as `` Married Men with Men on the Side '' and `` Leather Bears and Smooth Chested Huskies , '' won them the X-Rated Critics ' award for best `` group grope scene '' in 1985 and they were inducted into the GayVN 's Hall of Fame in 2008 .
Barresi , now 60 , retired from the porn business to focus more on their investigative work , but court records suggest they were not as successful in that work .
They obtained a California private investigator 's license in 2009 , but lost it three years later . They signed a `` stipulated settlement '' with the state admitting that they faked a report about an ex-girlfriend 's drug use to get them fired from their hospital job as a nurse in 2011 .
Federal court records also show Barresi and their wife filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2010 .
Tabloid stands by story
A Sunday People spokesperson would not confirm that Barresi was the paper 's source or if it paid for access , but they did stand by the story .
`` Our article clearly states that we have seen copies of reports , phone transcripts and interviews carried out by an agent working for private investigator Anthony Pellicano who had been hired by Michael Jackson , '' Rupert Smith said in an e-mail to CNN . `` The files were seized by the FBI when Pellicano was themselves investigated in 2002 . The documents then became part of the FBI 's files on Jackson case numbers CADCE MJ-02463 and CR 01046 . ''
In fact , the FBI released files it collected on Michael Jackson in December 2009 , six months after their death . Most of them related to the federal agency 's support of the California investigations of child molestation allegations against the entertainer .
Los Angeles Police , who were investigating child molestation allegations against Jackson , called the FBI 's Los Angeles office in September 1993 to suggest the agency look into a `` possible federal violation against Jackson concerning transportation of a minor across state lines for immoral purposes ( Mann Act ) '' , one document said .
The Los Angeles County district attorney did not pursue criminal charges against Jackson , but the singer did reach a confidential financial settlement with the 1993 accuser , Jordan Chandler , and their father after they filed a lawsuit . Reports at the time said the Chandlers got between $ 16 million and $ 20 million from Jackson 's insurance company .
The Chandler accusation became a key part of the prosecution 's case when Jackson was tried and acquitted of molestation a decade later in Santa Barbara County , California .
Mesereau , who reviewed the 330 redacted pages released by the FBI , said the documents purported by the newspaper to have been included in the files were not there .
CNN also reviewed the files , which are still posted on the FBI website , and found none referring to other payoffs by Jackson . None of the file numbers matched those quoted by the newspaper .
`` You can imagine what the prosecutor in Santa Barbara would have done with this information if they really had it , '' Mesereau said .
Phillip LeMarque did testify , telling the court that they once caught Jackson improperly touching then-child actor Macaulay Culkin while they worked as Jackson 's self-described cook and `` majordomo '' for about 10 months in 1991 .
Culkin , the second witness called in Jackson 's defense , denied any improper touching by Jackson .
Jackson 's guilt is 'inconsequential '
Barresi represented the LaMarques in an attempt to sell their story to tabloid media outlets , Mesereau said .
LeMarque admitted at the trial that they tried to make money from their story , even meeting with Barresi , who promised them $ 100,000 from the tabloid press , maybe more if the story were dirtier .
`` He began to make the story more and more graphic as the price went up , '' Mesereau said , referring to Phillip LaMarque .
`` Was it true that the broker told them the payoff might be higher if Mr. Jackson 's hand was inside Culkin 's pants ? '' Mesereau asked during cross-examination .
`` That 's what they said , '' LeMarque said .
Barresi discussed their deal with the LaMarques in an interview for a PBS `` Frontline '' documentary in 1994 .
`` My interest in helping them was that they promised me a percentage of what they made , '' Baressi said . `` I was not on any kind of crusade to bring anyone to justice . Whether Michael was guilty or innocent at that point was inconsequential . My interest was strictly for the money , as was theirs , I might add . ''
Agra : The three bureaucracies involved with the Taj Mahal — Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI ) , UP Tourism and the Agra administration — have managed to get the history and images of the iconic monument wrong on their respective websites . While ASI has put up a photograph of the interiors of St Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican instead of the Taj , the other two sites have wrong historical information , photographs and outdated ticket rates.ASI has collaborated with a national bank and a private online payment gateway for online booking of tickets for the site.A website has been created for this purpose . In the ‘ Gallery ' section of the webpage ( asi.payumoney.com ) , where pictures of the monument are on display , visitors are greeted with an image of the interior dome of St Peter 's Basilica , complete with Latin inscriptions and frescoes by Renaissance artists.ASI superintending archaeologist Bhuvan Vikrama told TOI , “ We will try to rectify any discrepancies on the website . However , there is a possibility that the online payment website company might be hosting other monuments and put those pictures up there. ” However , the official could not explain what ASI has to do with Vatican City 's monuments.The Agra administration 's own website makes a mockery of the country 's most famous architectural landmark . According to them , construction of the Taj started in 1632 and ended in 1648 , whereas it actually started in 1631 . Work on outlying buildings and other structures , according to Vikrama , went on till 1653.The website has also not updated details regarding ticket prices . The new rates of Rs 40 for domestic tourists and Rs 1,000 for foreigners have become operational from April 1 , 2016 , but on the website the old rates continue to be displayed . Moreover , it has wrongly mentioned Taj 's opening and closing times as 6 am to 7.30pm , while in reality it is from sunrise to sunset , so it changes every day.The website developed by UP Tourism , meanwhile , has put up a photograph of a mosque-like structure , showing it as the South Gate of the monument complex . It has also not updated information regarding ticket windows and locker rooms.Additional district magistrate ( city ) Rajesh Kumar Srivastav said they would look into the matter and get the errors rectified . “ I will ask the officials concerned to update the website page , ” they said .
The newest and fastest growing political grouping in the U.S. is driven by the idea that the problems that are facing the nation today have been caused not just by the left wing or the right wing , but by the mainstream of both parties , which have for years been eliminating our civil rights , sponsoring and benefiting from a crony corporatist economic system , and operating a militaristic foreign policy , seemingly to the benefit of a military industrial complex more than that to the benefit of the nation .
This growing group of anti-Republicrats are mostly young people who 've been educating themselves about their nation and its workings -- rather than relying on the typically dull mainstream media that continue to filter events through the mistaken ideas that the Democrats and Republicans have fundamentally different political perspectives , and that on any particular issue , one of the parties will know the best political direction for the nation .
In 2012 , most of these post-partisan Americans who say to America 's political duopoly , `` Pox on both your houses '' , are supporting Ron Paul for president , even though very many of them have never before identified Republican .
Now their influence is beginning to be felt outside the Republican party -- and not just in the presidential election .
In the 10th District of New Jersey , a candidate for the Democratic nomination to represent their district in Congress , is finally asking the question that hundreds of thousands of young American liberals have already asked -- and whose answer has caused them to leave their party .
The candidate is Dennis Flynn , and their campaign video begins by asking , `` Where Have Our Liberal Values Gone ? ''
The voiceover proceeds to provide the motivation for the question ...
The following is a quote from the most outspoken voice for liberal values currently serving in the U.S. House of Representatives . ' ... it is with the complicity of Congress that we have become a nation of pre-emptive war , secret military tribunals , torture , rejection of habeas corpus , warrantless searches , undue government secrecy , extraordinary renditions , and uncontrolled spying on the American people . Fighting over there has nothing to do with preserving freedoms here at home . More likely , the opposite is true . '
Cutting to pictures of stadiums filled with literally thousands of people , the voiceover continues ,
Here are some recent examples of this Congressman 's speaking events . Crowds of young liberals who want to end the wars and protect civil rights are passionately participating in a wave of political action [ that is ] sweeping across the country . So what 's wrong with this picture ? The member of congress they are supporting is a Republican .
Those young liberals are called Blue Republicans , and that member of congress is called Ron Paul .
The values that have driven the Blue Republicans out of the Democratic party and toward a conservative septuagenarian Republican are a preference for peace over war , a belief in the Bill of Rights and a desire to put an end to a government-sponsored crony corporatist economic and monetary system .
What strange bedfellows true principles make !
Whereas a Blue Republican can most simply be defined as a `` Democrat or Independent who is registering Republican for one year to support Ron Paul , '' more important is the underlying realization that causes people to make what for many of them is a dramatic political conversion : what is most wrong with the United States is not caused by one or other party , but by what both parties have agreed about , often tacitly or implicitly , and caused together .
Do n't like the Patriot Act , the NDAA , or CISPA ? Romney and Obama both support them . Do n't like bailouts ? Romney and Obama both support them . Do n't like military intervention without the declaration of war ? Romney and Obama both support them . Do n't like a secretive central bank and corporations that ( under government license ) manipulate a fiat currency in a manner that systematically transfers wealth from working Americans to a financial class ? Not only do Romney and Obama both support them : they both receive their largest donations from those very corporations .
As Flynn 's campaign states , `` These are not Democrat issues or Republican issues . These are American issues . ''
Exactly , Mr. Flynn .
And yet , since Ron Paul -- who stands against all the un-American things just listed , and is unique in consistently voting against the shared assumptions of the two main parties -- is a Republican , the Republicans are gaining registrants as the Democratic party is losing them : not because their track record is any better , but just because the guy who 's telling the truth has an ( R ) after their name .
In New Jersey , Dennis Flynn realizes that it does n't have to be this way . Democrats can tell the truth about what most matters , too . Moreover , the Democratic Party has for decades talked as if it had a greater claim to these Blue Republican values than the Republican Party , so surely it can stop the bleeding of support by putting its policies -- and its candidates -- where its mouth is ?
Flynn appreciates that Ron Paul is being carried by a rising post-partisan live-and-let-live pro-liberty political wave that spans the political spectrum , attracting the independently minded of both liberal and conservative sensibilities . Their campaign is both effect and cause of the fact that a cultural and political revolution that is bigger than either party is under way in the United States . And if the rEVOLution is going to take root and then take over , it must start to undo the prevailing self-interested orthodoxies of both of the main parties of this nation .
I am pleased to support Dennis Flynn , the Democrat , as I am to support Ron Paul , the Republican . The purists may hate me for it -- whether they be party-Democrats , party-Republicans or even libertarians . And that is just fine . In politics , `` perfection '' -- like abandonment of principle -- is nearly always the enemy of the good . Given theirs running on a Democratic ticket , I suspect that Flynn disagrees with Paul on abortion , has softer views on certain government spending , and has an idea of property rights that may not satisfy a `` Human Action '' -carrying libertarian . But , finally , a Democrat has recognized that the nation is profoundly losing its way -- and that all those issues about which they may disagree with a principled libertarian are much less important than those ( civil rights , peace , crony corporatism ) about which they should agree .
Dennis Flynn is making a farsighted attempt to turn one of the nation 's most powerful institutions -- the Democratic Party -- toward civil rights and the very values that it has been espousing for decades but long ago forgot to act on . ( It was the Democrat , Jim Clyburn , who said only two years ago that most of what Congress does is unconstitutional -- and therefore at odds with the Bill of Rights . )
People who care most about political orthodoxy , a candidate 's political experience , their pet government program or whether their candidate is a party-man wo n't care much for Mr. Flynn ; nor will those who just do n't like the unfamiliar . However , those who think that perhaps not all blame for America 's mess lies with the political opposition , but that their own party ( and nation ) might benefit from a little honest self-criticism and house-cleaning , will be excited by the truth Flynn tells and the courage with which they are telling it .
Washington ( CNN ) Democrats on Monday pre-empted the upcoming release of a Republican-led House Select Committee report on Benghazi by issuing their own version of a probe into the 2012 terror attack that killed four Americans on Hillary Clinton 's watch as secretary of state .
The move by Democrats on the panel was designed to debunk the conclusions of the committee 's majority report that is expected to be highly critical of Clinton .
`` We have been hampered in our work by the ongoing Republican obsession with conspiracy theories that have no basis in reality , '' said the Democratic report , which underscored the fierce political divisions between Republicans and Democrats over the attack on a U.S. consular post and a CIA annex in the Libyan port city . `` Rather than reject these conspiracy theories in the absence of evidence -- or in the face of hard facts -- Select Committee Republicans embraced them and turned them into a political crusade . ''
`` We hope our report will put to rest the conspiracy theories about Benghazi once and for all and return the focus to where it belongs—on the goal of improving the security of Americans serving abroad , '' the report continued .
Read More
UPDATED October 22 , 2016 to reflect the fact that Trump no longer plans to visit Kennedy Space Center next week , as reported by Florida Today .
In an op-ed published in Space News on October 19 , two advisers to Donald Trump 's presidential campaign laid out the broad strokes of what a Trump space policy would look like . Trump themselves reportedly had planned to visit NASA 's Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Florida next week as the campaign enters its final phase . Florida is one of the battleground states that each candidate especially wants to win . Florida Today reported on October 22 , however , that those plans have changed .
The op-ed was penned by former Congressman Bob Walker and University of California-Irvine professor Peter Navarro . Walker was a Pennsylvania Congressman for 20 years and is now Executive Chairman of one of the top lobbying firms in Washington , Wexler|Walker . Earlier they were advising Ohio Gov . John Kasich 's presidential campaign on space issues , writing an essay in response to questions posed by Aerospace America .
While in Congress , Walker served as chairperson of what is now the House Science , Space and Technology Committee when Republicans took over the House in 1995 and was one of then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich 's inner circle . Both men are ardent space program supporters . Gingrich also is associated with the Trump campaign .
An op-ed in a trade publication is not the same as a statement from the candidate himself . Florida Today had reported that Trump was planning to visit KSC on October 24 and participate in an industry roundtable . However , it updated its report on October 22 saying that they would not visit the Space Coast after all because there was no suitable indoor venue and outdoor venues “ present security concerns. ” The event would have been reminiscent of Gingrich 's own presidential campaign in 2012 when they held an industry roundtable and made a major speech in Cocoa , FL ( near KSC ) laying out plans for a Moon base .
A key element espoused by Walker and Navarro in the Space News op-ed is reinstating the White House National Space Council , chaired by the Vice President .
The 1958 National Aeronautics and Space Act created NASA to conduct U.S. civil space activities and assigned military space efforts to DOD . It established a White House National Aeronautics and Space Council to coordinate those activities . Originally the President was to chair the council , but that was quickly changed to the Vice President and it operated through the first Nixon term . Nixon abolished the Council in 1973 , however , and a variety of other mechanisms were used thereafter to coordinate government space activities and provide advice to the President .
Following the 1986 space shuttle Challenger tragedy , Congress became so dissatisfied with how the White House was making space policy decisions , however , especially the length of time and lack of transparency , that it recreated a National Space Council ( without the aeronautics component ) in the 1989 NASA Authorization Act . President George H.W . Bush signed an Executive Order shortly after taking office formally establishing it as part of their Executive Office of the President . Chaired by Vice President Dan Quayle , it had an often fractious relationship with NASA . Mark Albrecht , who served as Executive Director for most of the Bush Administration , wrote a book with an insider 's view of what transpired during those years .
Subsequent Presidents have chosen not to staff or fund the Council , although it still exists in law . Currently , national security space policy resides within the White House National Security Council and civil space policy is overseen by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy , with the White House Office of Management and Budget playing a major role as well .
Opinions in the space policy community about the value of such a Council run the gamut . Opponents argue it is just one more White House entity that can say “ no ” to any idea , but without the clout to say “ yes ” and make something happen . Supporters insist that a top-level mechanism is needed not only to effectively coordinate government civil and national security space programs , but to bring in the commercial sector and develop a holistic approach to space .
Walker and Navarro clearly share the latter opinion . They say the Council would “ end the lack of proper coordination ” and “ assure that each space sector is playing its proper role in advancing U.S. interests . ”
The op-ed offers few specifics , other than to praise private sector launch vehicle development efforts and question the need for the government to duplicate such capabilities . Overall it is a rallying cry for the need to have a strong space program based on classic arguments that it will spur invention , innovation , and economic growth and appeal to aspirational and inspirational needs : “ Americans seem to know intuitively that the destiny of a free people lies in the stars . Donald Trump fully agrees . ”
Neither Trump nor their Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton have space policies posted on their campaign websites . Both the Republican and Democratic party platforms mention space activities , but only briefly . Trump has made a number of statements in response to questions about the space program during the campaign , but they often are vague and sometimes conflict . Clinton also has responded to questions about space , but they are invariably enthusiastic and often tells the story of how they wanted to be an astronaut herself , but at the time , females were not allowed in the astronaut corps .
Super Bowl party at White House ( White House photo )
An organization that serves as a watchdog on the U.S. government for American taxpayers has launched a campaign to uncover exactly how much tax money is being spent on parties at the Obama White House .
The president has shown a penchant for lavish galas , such as the huge assembly orchestrated in Denver when they accepted their party 's nomination for president – an outdoor gathering for some 75,000 featuring a stage with Greek columns . They also held a multimillion-dollar victory celebration in Chicago , and their fancy inauguration cost an estimated $ 170 million , according to ABC News .
Now , Larry Klayperson , founder of Freedom Watch , told WND today he 's seeking information about the partying in the White House since the Obamas moved in .
As WND reported this week , Freedom Watch is seeking information from the federal government on who had input into bailout legislation and whether they got anything in return .
Klayperson said the reports of the partying at the White House , “ with the likes of Steve Wonder and other high priced entertainment stars , ” will be the focus of document requests being submitted to the General Services Administration . The requests will seek to determine how much taxpayer money is being used .
“ Barack and Michelle Obama have been throwing taxpayer funded parties nearly every night with their ‘ friends ' and supporters , with Michelle Obama even exhorting them not to ‘ break ' White House property , ” Klayperson 's announcement said .
“ This party atmosphere sends the wrong message to the American people . As the Obama-Clinton crowd party on , the American people are suffering greatly , ” Klayperson said .
“ It was right to criticize corporate execs for using taxpayer bailout money on bonuses and corporate junkets . In the face of this criticism , it is an outrage for Barack and Michelle Obama to party on , as Rome burns . It 's like throwing a party at a funeral , ” they said .
According to a report by the news and commentary website Politico , many of the parties have been just that – parties , not political and government meetings .
“ Using one of the world 's most famous private residences as bait , President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama are unleashing a bipartisan charm offensive and exploiting every square inch of their new home to make friends and influence rivals . The social calendar suggests a return to the days of Camelot , ” the report said .
“ Since moving into their new digs , the first couple has hosted a half-dozen gatherings – from bipartisan cocktail receptions to a public open house to the more intimate Super Bowl party … ending many of their days past midnight , ” the report said .
“ Most recently … the Obamas opened the White House doors to House caucus leaders from the moderate Blue Dog Democrats and the Congressional Black Caucus . White House aides say the couple hopes to make the Wednesday cocktail parties a tradition . ”
The report quoted White House Social Secretary Desiree Rogers saying the Obamas want to “ replicate the same kind of environment they had in Chicago . ”
“ If there was a party or an event [ in Chicago ] , they were there , ” the report quoted “ a friend ” saying .
But is anything of government value accomplished ?
“ You would have felt like a fool talking about politics at this party , ” said Eleanor Holmes Norton , D-D.C. , said after one major event . “ I was surprised how much of a social event it was and how little of a political occasion it was . ”
Insiders said in the report that the Obama social schedule is busier than any other previous occupants of the White House .
“ We have n't seen this kind of entertaining in a really long time , ” Dee Dee Myers , former White House press secretary to Bill Clinton , said in the report .
According to an ABC report , many of the parties have been on Wednesdays , and the report confirmed one featured a Stevie Wonder concert .
“ This is a pretty big house , so we get lonely , ” the report said Obama announced . “ It 's hard for me to move around out there some times so I got to bring the world to me. ” Published reports said the Jonas Brothers were on hand in the White House for a special event for the Obama daughters , Sasha and Malia , on inauguration night .
Dinners have featured lavish menus including “ Celery Soup , Wild Mushroom Crisps , Steelhead Salmon with Citrus sauce , Crispy Spinach , Toasted Saffron Couscous Pearls , Baby Iceberg lettuce with Maytag Bleu Cheese and Yogurt ranch dressing and for dessert , Milk Chocolate velvet cake ” – all served on gold-rimmed china .
Klayperson has taken on the establishment in Washington several times , including when the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee interviewed Sen. Hillary Clinton for their appointment by Obama as secretary of state .
The senators , however , ignored the shady parts of their background involving “ Chinagate ” and “ Filegate , ” they said .
In the Chinagate scandal , documented on the website for Judicial Watch , which Klayperson previously led , technology companies allegedly made donations of millions of dollars to various Democratic Party entities , including President Bill Clinton 's 1996 re-election campaign , in return for permission to sell high-tech secrets to China .
“ Filegate ” developed when President Clinton and Hillary Clinton were accused of violating the privacy rights of their perceived political enemies by wrongly accessing and misusing the FBI files of staffers in the Reagan and George H.W . Bush administrations , among others .
If you would like to sound off on this issue , participate in today 's WND Poll .
In what environmental campaigners and the people of the small town of Denton , Texas are calling a clear example of fossil fuel interests trumping the will of local residents , Republican Gov . Greg Abbott on Monday signed HB 40 into law thereby undermining a local ordinance , approved overwhelmingly by voters during last year 's election , which banned fracking in the community .
After receiving Abbott 's signature , the new law became effective immediately and now forbids any Texas town or city from passing local limits or restrictions on any gas or oil drilling operations deemed `` commercially reasonable '' by private developers and state regulators . Though it applies to all municipalities across the state , the effort to pass the measure was largely seen as a way to combat the stunning victory by the people of Denton who made international news in November by approving their local anti-fracking ordinance in a politically right-wing state dominated by the fossil fuel industry .
`` It was the oil and gas industry 's contempt for impacted residents that pushed Denton voters to ban fracking in the first place . And now the oil and gas industry , through state lawmakers , has doubled down by showing every city in Texas that same contempt . '' —Sharon Wilson , Earthworks
In response to the law 's passage on Monday , those who campaigned hardest for the Denton initiative called it a clear case of the fossil fuel industry using its political muscle to overpower the will of people in the name of profit .
`` HB 40 was written by the oil and gas industry , for the oil and gas industry , to prevent voters from holding the oil and gas industry accountable for its impacts , '' said Sharon Wilson , a Texas organizer for the environmental advocacy group Earthworks . Wilson , who played a key role in getting Denton 's fracking ban approved , continued , `` It was the oil and gas industry 's contempt for impacted residents that pushed Denton voters to ban fracking in the first place . And now the oil and gas industry , through state lawmakers , has doubled down by showing every city in Texas that same contempt . ''
Adam Briggle , president of the Denton Drilling Awareness Group and a leader in the Frack Free Denton effort , said Gov . Abbott has now proven that they believe `` industry profits are more important '' than the health , homes , and children of those who live in towns like Denton . `` The letter of Texas law , '' Briggle stated , `` now says no city can 'effectively prevent an oil and gas operation from occurring , ' no matter the threat to families ' health and safety or damage to private property . ''
Though the oil and gas industry filed a lawsuit against Denton following the passage of the anti-fracking ordinance last year , that challenge may now be unnecessary due to the new law .
Earthjustice attorney Deborah Goldberg , who is co-counsel for the citizen groups and successfully defended the town of Dryden , NY , in a similar court case , suggested that HB 40 became necessary for the gas industry given the flimsy quality of its lawsuit against the Denton ordinance .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
`` The Texas courts have upheld a long tradition of local control , so the Governor and the Legislature took matters into their own hands , '' Goldberg said . `` Now , they have capitulated to the greedy but powerful oil and gas industry at the expense of their own constituents ' health , well-being , and property rights . ''
`` The people of Denton exercised their democratic right to keep a nasty industrial process out of their community -- and now big oil and their friends in high places are steamrolling them , along with everyone else in Texas . '' —Dan Raichel , NRDC
The mayor of Denton , Chris Watts , who supported the fracking ban approved by local voters , acknowledged that HB 40 will likely `` render Denton 's ordinance unenforceable , '' but said the Texas legislature and Governor Abbott have approved a short-sighted and ill-conceived measure by turning HB 40 into state law . In an op-ed for the Denton Chronicle-Record , Watts explained :
HB 40 goes far beyond Denton 's fracturing ban and offers no solution to the multifaceted challenges of urban drilling . The bill is just a Band-Aid , and a poor one at that , because it does not address long-term , comprehensive regulations by cities of oil and gas development in urban areas . So if cities can not effectively regulate oil and gas operations within their city limits , who will ? Some say the Texas Railroad Commission . Yet , I have seen no drafts from the commission of new rules addressing the issues and concerns of our residents . Are they being written ? When will they come forward ? What must happen before they are approved by the commission ?
According to members of the legal team working on their behalf , the people of Denton are not ready to give up the fight just yet . `` We have been proud to represent the proponents of Denton 's ban and we know they will regroup and fight back against this legislative over-reach , '' said Goldberg .
And Dan Raichel , an attorney with NRDC and co-counsel for the citizen 's groups , was emphatic . `` The people of Denton exercised their democratic right to keep a nasty industrial process out of their community -- and now big oil and their friends in high places are steamrolling them , along with everyone else in Texas , '' they said . `` The interests of a powerful industry should never take priority over the health and safety of American families . Texans should be able to keep dangerous activities and chemicals away from their homes , schools , and hospitals -- just as hundreds of other communities across the country have already done . ''
For Mayor Chris Watts , meanwhile , they made it clear that neither they nor their community has any regrets about taking on the powerful fossil fuel industry and their legislative allies in Texas .
`` It took a city like Denton and its residents to shine the spotlight on the inherent and unique problems associated with urban drilling , '' they said . `` The city of Denton can and will move forward , '' they continued , and will not stop developing and enforcing `` ordinances that protect the health and safety of our residents . ''
Well , that was quick . President Donald Trump announced Tuesday morning that their pick to be drug czar , Rep. Tom Marino , had withdrawn from consideration after media reports revealed their role in passing a new law that has eased opioid distribution .
Marino 's departure seemed inevitable after the lukewarm endorsement Trump gave them when questioned about the reports in a joint investigation by CBS ' “ 60 Minutes ” and The Washington Post . Trump called Marino , a Pennsylvania Republican , a “ great guy ” and a “ very early supporter ” of his . But they also said that if they found that Marino 's appointment would hurt the fight against opioid addiction , they would “ make a change . ”
The next morning , changes were made . No countercharges of “ fake news ” or “ lying media. ” Trump swiftly removed the problem and carried on .
But not so fast . More than most of the controversies that have tested this president , the opioid crisis tragically plagues some of the most desperate communities in Trump 's political base . To voters who turned in good faith to Trump 's promises to “ drain the swamp ” in Washington , Trump 's drain appeared to be clogged .
What makes this opiate-gate scoop into a scandal is how dramatically it illustrates the corruption and insider deal-making that gives Trump 's swamp-draining talk traction with their rally crowds .
First , there 's the cozy relationship between lobbyists and lawmakers .
The CBS-Post investigation found Marino and some other members of Congress who were allied with major drug distributors persuaded the Drug Enforcement Administration and Justice Department to agree to an industry-friendly law that passed in April 2016 .
The chief advocate for the new law , tagged with the benign title “ Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act , ” was Marino , whom Trump had chosen to head the Office of National Drug Control Policy .
Second , there 's the lack of honesty in describing the new law to the public . Instead of improving drug enforcement , the new law weakened much of the DEA 's ability to stop the illegal flow of pain medicines that often lead to overdoses from opioids , especially fentanyl and heroin .
The law makes it “ virtually impossible for the DEA to freeze suspicious narcotic shipments from the companies , ” robbing the DEA of an important tool to stop suspicious drug shipments immediately , the Post said .
Third , there 's money in politics . The drug industry spent $ 106 million lobbying Congress between 2014 and 2016 , the CBS-Post report found , and $ 1.5 million of that amount went to the 23 lawmakers who sponsored the various versions of the bill . It may be legal but , to swamp watchers , it looks like legal bribery at best , ultimately at great hazard to human lives .
Fourth , nobody in Washington jumps up to take responsibility for the passage of this controversial legislation . It passed — without floor debate — through both houses through a procedure usually reserved for noncontroversial bills , according to the Post . Few besides its sponsors appear to have known the consequences of the bill .
Even when President Barack Obama signed the bill into law , officials told the Post and CBS , their administration was unaware of its potential impact . That may be true , considering how many presidents and legislators rely on others to read the fine print in bills for them . But the severe consequences of legislation like this , with hundreds of thousands of lives in the balance , call for an investigation of how this happened and how more like it can be avoided .
It is particularly ironic to me that the Justice Department , to which DEA answers , is currently headed by Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who has given a rather ill-considered priority to rolling back the clock on marijuana legalization .
Sessions wants to restore federal prosecution of marijuana sales and possession , even in the seven states and the District of Columbia where voters have opted to legalize it for recreational use and the 29 states plus the District where it has been legalized for medical use .
What a cruel joke . With voters moving in the direction of marijuana legalization , even as many are terrorized by the opiate epidemic , it 's time for the feds to put their resources where they will do the most good .
Clarence Page , a member of the Tribune Editorial Board , blogs at www.chicagotribune.com/pagespage .
cpage @ chicagotribune.com
Twitter @ cptime
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption A minute 's silence was observed at the Nagasaki Peace Park
An emotional memorial service has been held in the Japanese city of Nagasaki where US forces dropped an atomic bomb during World War Two , 70 years ago .
Speeches at the ceremony criticised the attending Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for their plans to loosen the restrictions on what Japan 's military can do .
At least 70,000 people died in the attack , which came three days after another bomb was dropped on Hiroshima .
Nagasaki was only chosen after a cloud obscured the original target , Kokura .
A solemn ceremony in front of guests from 75 countries , including US Ambassador Caroline Kennedy , began on Sunday with a declaration read out by children .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sumiteru Taniguchi was 16 when the atomic bomb was dropped on Nagasaki
A minute 's silence and bells marked the time of the explosion in 1945 at 11:02 ( 02:02 GMT ) .
Nagasaki mayor Tomihisa Taue then delivered a peace declaration to the ceremony . They said there was `` widespread unease '' about Mr Abe 's bid to alter the country 's pacifist constitution .
A survivor of the Nagasaki attack , 86-year-old Sumiteru Taniguchi , described the injuries they had suffered and said they could not accept Mr Abe 's new legislation .
The legislation would allow Japan to engage in combat - in defence of an ally which comes under attack - for the first time since World War Two .
Analysis : Rupert Wingfield-Hayes , BBC News , Tokyo
Image copyright AP
As the peace bell chimed , the people of Nagasaki stopped and bowed their heads remembering that moment 70 years ago when their city was destroyed in a blinding flash of white light .
Nagasaki often gets forgotten as the world focuses on Hiroshima . But the bomb dropped here was made from plutonium and was even more powerful .
Perhaps the most powerful moment in the ceremony came when survivor Sumiteru Taniguchi got up to speak . They described their own terrible injuries - of the skin hanging like rags from their arms and back .
But then they turned on Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sitting nearby . Do not meddle with Japan 's pacifist constitution , they warned him . The audience erupted in loud clapping . Mr Abe looked straight ahead , showing no emotion .
In pictures : The Nagasaki bombing
In their address to the ceremony , Mr Abe said Japan remained `` determined to pursue a world without nuclear weapons '' .
In a statement read out on their behalf , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said : `` Nagasaki must be the last - we can not allow any future use of nuclear weapons . The humanitarian consequences are too great . No more Nagasakis . No more Hiroshimas . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Japanese PM Shinzo Abe called for the abolition of nuclear weapons
Image copyright AP Image caption At least 70,000 people died in the attack
Image copyright AP Image caption An image of the mushroom cloud from the bomb was projected on to a cathedral
The effects of the bomb were instant and devastating . It destroyed a third of the city , killing thousands instantly and condemning more to death from radiation sickness .
Days later , Japan surrendered , ending World War Two , although the necessity of the two bombs has been debated ever since .
`` It was a clear , sunny day and there was a sudden , blinding flash , '' remembered one Nagasaki survivor , Toru Mine , who now guides visitors at a museum dedicated to the event .
`` My first thought was that it should be a thunder , but I soon realised it 's bizarre to have a thunder in a clear sky . ''
Mr Taniguchi still bears scars on their back , the remains of three ribs that half rotted after the bomb dropped protruding from their chest .
'' While people around me were dying , I lived . People say I survived but I think I was kept alive . I am still suffering , '' they said .
A WikiLeaks cable , which NDTV has exclusive access to , says Pakistan 's airmen were being radicalised and were sabotaging Pakistani F-16s deployed for security operations along the Afghan border . ( Read Cable : Pakistan cable on visiting US officials being briefed on F-16s ) The cable , sent in March 2006 from the US embassy to Washington , quotes Pakistan 's then Deputy Chief of Air Staff for Operations , Air Vice Marshal ( AVM ) Khalid Chaudhry , as saying that the airmen , most of whom came from rural villages , were being radicalised by extremist Islamic clerics . The cable quotes AVM Chaudhry as saying , `` You ca n't imagine what a hard time we have trying to get to trim their beards . '' The cable notes that , `` This last comment refers to the tradition of conservative Muslims to grow full beards as a sign of piety . `` The cable also says that Chaudhry claimed `` to receive reports monthly of acts of petty sabotage , which they interpreted as an effort by Islamists amongst the enlisted ranks to prevent PAF aircraft from being deployed in support of security operations in the Federally Administrated Tribal Areas ( FATA ) along the Afghan border . `` Chaudhry was briefing visiting US officials at the Pakistan Air Force Headquarters and impressing upon them the need to ensure `` the F-16 deal has enough sweeteners to appeal to the public - a complete squadron of new F-16s , with JDAM and night-vision capability - but not to offer the PAF things that it can not afford . '' Pakistan was in talks with the US to buy F-16 fighter aircraft and the US had voiced security concerns . The cable quotes Chaudhry as telling the delegation , `` off the record '' , that PAF aircraft were regularly called to provide air support to military and security forces when they get into tight spots in the FATA ... `` dryly adding that Army brass and the ground forces commanders would deny it . ''
But under questioning by Sen. James Risch ( R-ID ) , Comey all but destroyed any hope Democrats had for bringing a case of obstruction of justice against President Donald Trump .
Their exchange was as follows :
Risch : I want to drill right down , as my time is limited , to the most recent dust-up regarding , allegations that the President of the United States obstructed justice . And , boy , you nailed this down on page page five , paragraph three , you put this in quotes . Words matter , you wrote down the words so we can all have the words in front of us now . There are 28 words that are in quotes , and it says , quote : “ I hope ” — this is the president speaking — “ I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting Flynn go . They are a good guy . I hope you can let this go. ” Now , those are their exact words ; is that correct ?
Comey : Correct .
Risch : And you wrote them here and you put them in quotes .
Comey : Correct .
Risch : Thank you for that . They did not direct you to let it go .
Comey : Not in their words , no .
Risch : They did not order you to let it go .
Comey : Again , those words are not in order .
Risch : No . They said , “ I hope. ” Now , like me , you probably did hundreds of cases , maybe thousands of cases , charging people with criminal offenses . And of course you have knowledge of the thousands of cases out there where people have been charged . Do you know of any case where a person has been charged for obstruction of justice or for that matter any other criminal offense where they said or thought they hoped for an outcome ?
Comey : I do n't know well enough to answer . And the reason I keep saying their words is , I took it as a direction .
Risch : Right .
Comey : I mean , it 's the President of the United States with me alone , saying , “ I hope this. ” I took it as this is what they want me to do . I did n't obey that , but that 's the way I took it .
Risch : You may have taken it as a direction , but that 's not what they said .
Comey : Correct .
Risch : They said , “ I hope . ”
Comey : Those are exact words , correct .
Risch : You do n't know of anyone that 's been charged for hoping something ?
Comey : I do n't , as I sit here .
Risch : Thank you , Mr. Chairman .
La MLS vuelve este domingo 6 de marzo y , por primera vez abrirá , con los diez partidos el mismo día en el March to Soccer . Por eso ofrecemos un repaso de todo lo que hay para ver en la primera
New York Red Bulls vs Toronto FC ( 1:30pm ET | Red Bull Arena | MLS Live )
Partido de alto vuelo para abrir la temporada . Chocan dos de los protagonistas a luchar por la Conferencia del Este .
En casa , los NY Red Bulls mostrarán el Supporters ' Shield obtenido el año pasado y querrán que la fiesta este completa con una victoria .
La duda es si podrán contar con el argentino Gonzalo Verón , que se destacó en la pretemporada , pero terminó con una distención . Lo someten a estudios para examinar la gravedad .
Para Toronto FC será la ocasión perfecta para probar sus refuerzos defensivos : llegaron Clint Irwin , Drew Moore y Will Johnson .
Otro motivo para no perderse el partido es la simple presencia de Sebastian Giovinco . Cualquier cosa puede ocurrir .
La duda es si tendrá a Jozy Altidore como acompañante de ataque . El estadounidense está con molestias físicas desde el campamento de enero con la selección .
Orlando City vs Real Salt Lake ( 2:00pm ET | MLS Live )
Orlando City apunta a llenar de nuevo el Citrus Bowl . Se esperan casi 60 mil personas para el partido del domingo .
Kaká encontró un socio en Seb Hines , a quien en el último partido de preparación ante el Bahía brasileño le puso cuatro pases para gol .
Real Salt Lake llegara con dos partidos oficiales en su espalda por su participación en los cuartos de final de la Champions League ante Tigres .
Habrá que ver si eso les da más ritmo o los deja cansados para su visita a la Florida .
• Interesante poder ver el tridente de los Monarcas conformado por Joao Plata , José Manuel “ Burrito ” Martínez y el recién llegado Yura Movsisyan , en acción por primera vez en la liga .
Chicago Fire vs. New York City FC ( 2:00pm ET | Toyota Park | MLS Live )
• Chicago terminó invicto su pretemporada , conquistando el Simple Invitational en Portland ante el campeón de la MLS – los Timbers .
• Fire encontró a una revelación durante la pretemporada en Arturo Álvarez , y Gilberto encontró la red en varias ocasiones . Y podría tener otra muy grata revelación defensivamente con Brandon Vincent , a quien eligieron en el SuperDraft .
• NYCFC cerró su preparación con un triunfo ante un club de Islandia , partido en que Andrea Pirlo marcó su primer gol con los Citizens .
• El partido representara el debut en el banquillo de un par de técnicos europeos en la MLS , el francés Patrick Vieira con el City y el Serbio Veljko Paunović .
FC Dallas vs. Philadelphia Union ( 3:00pm ET | Toyota Stadium | MLS Live )
Gran expectativa en Dallas por ver a sus nuevos refuerzos . Sobre to-do a Maxi Urruti proveniente del campeón PortlandTimbers y al ecuatoriano Carlos Gruezo .
En teoría , los Hoops deben darle una alegría a su gente , ya que Philly nunca los ha derrotado ; incluyendo 3 triunfos en casa en 4 partidos jugados en Texas .
Union termino invicto en el Suncoast Invitational , donde venció 1-0 a Tampa con un solitario gol de CJ Sapong , y previamente había empatado con DC United y New York Red Bulls .
Houston Dynamo vs. New England Revolution ( 3:00pm ET | BBVA Compass Stadium | MLS Live )
• Revolution viene de coronarse en el Desert Diamond Cup . Producto de una victoria ante Columbus Crew con un tanto de Teal Bunbury .
• Para muchos , la expectativa en los Revs se centra en que Juan Agudelo pueda explotar y dejar de ser una promesa para convertirse en una realidad .
• Houston Dynamo comienza una nueva era en el sentido de renovación de jugadores . La potencial dupla ofensiva de Giles Barnes y Erick “ Cubo ” Torres luce atractiva .
• El “ Cubo ” quien aún tiene que demostrar porque los naranjas lo ficharon , encontró la red en tres ocasiones durante la pretemporada .
• Dynamo también se hizo con los servicios con uno de los mejores asistidores de la liga , Cristian Maidana , habrá que ver si está adaptado al sistema de Owen Coyle y genera lo que generó en Philadelphia Union .
SJ Earthquakes vs. Colorado Rapids ( 3:00pm ET | Avaya Stadium Stadium | MLS Live )
• Los Quakes terminaron con una nota positiva su pretemporada al derrotar 1-0 al New York Cosmos con un tanto de Clarence Goodson .
• En los últimos 12 juegos , SJ Earthquakes le tiene tomada la medida a los Rapids , habiéndoles ganado en 6 ocasiones y empatando en otras 6 , sin conocer la derrota .
• La contratación de Marco Pappa en los Rapids fue de lo más destacado , pero hay cierto escepticismo en cuanto a que pueda aportarle al equipo .
• Si Colorado quiere dejar atrás la mala imagen de las últimas temporadas , Dillon Serna , Dillon Powers y Kevin Doyle tienen que demostrar porque recibieron la confianza de quedarse en el equipo .
Portland Timbers vs. Columbus Crew ( 4:30pm ET | Providence Park| ESPN )
• Duelo con sabor a revancha . Columbus cayó en la final de la MLS Cup 2015 en su propia casa ante Portland Timbers ; ahora pueden tomar un poco de venganza sacando los tres puntos en Oregón .
• El campeón de la MLS no tuvo un buen torneo de pretemporada , al caer ante Chicago Fire y Vancouver Whitecaps . ¿Campeonitis ?
• Con la partida de Maxi Urruti , jugadores como Lucas Melano y Dairon Asprilla obtengan más protagonismo con el campeón .
• El goleador Kei Kamara buscara iniciar con el pie derecho , para quedar en la cima de la tabla de goleo como el año pasado , y llevarse el botín de oro .
Vancouver Whitecaps vs. Montreal Impact ( 5:30pm ET | BC Place | TSN/MLS Live )
• Vancouver incorporó a dos hombres de amplia experiencia para complementar a su joven plantilla . El panameño Blas Pérez y el tico Christian Bolaños tienen la responsabilidad de ser útiles dentro y fuera de la cancha .
• Pedro Morales mostró estar en ritmo al anotar un doblete en pretemporada ante Minnesota . Con Morales sano , Whitecaps es un equipo con más variantes ofensivas .
• El gran “ triunfo ” del Impact durante la pretemporada , fue el convencer a Didier Drogba de continuar en el equipo . Drogba fue un revulsivo en la media temporada que jugo el año pasado , catapultando al equipo hasta las semifinales de Conferencia .
• Entre estos clubes existen cuentas pendientes , ya que en la final del campeonato canadiense 2015 , Vancouver le pego 4-2 en el global a Montreal .
Seattle Sounders vs . Sporting KC ( 7:00pm ET | CenturyLink | FOX Sports )
• Sounders llegara al encuentro tras haber jugado a media semana un desgastante encuentro en la Ciudad de México ante el América por la Champions League .
• Inicia la era de Sounders sin Obafemi Martins , y con el novato Jordan Morris tomando parte del papel del nigeriano al frente , buscando formar un tridente con Clint Dempsey y el paraguayo Haedo Valdez .
• Sporting KC terminó su pretemporada de manera invicta , incluyendo los partidos del torneo Desert Diamond Cup .
• La incógnita de KC es como cubrirá la partida del goleador húngaro Krisztián Németh , y quien será el complemento de Dom Dwyer al frente .
LA Galaxy vs DC United ( 10:00pm ET | StubHub Center | UniMás )
Photo by PoPville flickr user Raymond Bryson
Got ta give props to textdoc for compiling this list when we spoke about the guy who was asking for money so they could get to the hospital . If you 're bored and still stuck at work this list is way too impressive to leave buried in the comments of that post .
“ For the OP and anyone else , here are links to discussions of some other frequently attempted scams :
.Supposed “ fundraisers ” for schools , schools ' marching bands , etc . :
https : //www.popville.com/2014/07/from-the-forum-legit-dc-public-school-fundraiser
https : //www.popville.com/2011/06/dear-popville-how-do-we-know-if-school-fundraisers-are-legit/
https : //www.popville.com/2013/06/dear-popville-mt-pleasant-scammer/
https : //www.popville.com/forums/topic/band-fundraiser-at-cardozo/
.Being locked out and needing to pay a locksmith :
https : //www.popville.com/2014/06/scam-or-not-vol-17-locked-out-and-needed-to-pay-the-locksmith
https : //www.popville.com/2014/07/dear-popville-another-locksmith-scammer/
.Gutter-cleaning :
https : //www.popville.com/2012/10/dear-popville-scam-alert/
https : //www.popville.com/2014/03/from-the-forum-beware-of-scam/
.Someone presents two $ 10 bills and asking for a $ 20 bill in exchange :
https : //www.popville.com/2014/06/hostile-scammer-at-archives-metro/
https : //www.popville.com/2013/05/heads-up-scammer-around-thomas-and-scott-circles/
.Woman who claims to have been in a car accident , says it 's their first week on the job at ____ , and asks for $ for taxi fare to get back to Stafford , VA :
https : //www.popville.com/2012/10/scam-or-truly-in-distress/
https : //www.popville.com/2012/11/random-reader-rant-andor-revel-668/ # comment-538347
.Older man in Metro asking for money to go somewhere that Metro does n't reach : https : //www.popville.com/2014/06/scam-or-not-vol-17-locked-out-and-needed-to-pay-the-locksmith/ # comment-784041
.Woman asking for money to pick up a prescription at a specific CVS : https : //www.popville.com/2014/06/scam-or-not-vol-17-locked-out-and-needed-to-pay-the-locksmith/ # comment-783913
.Guy claiming he 's military and saying they need money to get back to base : https : //www.popville.com/2014/06/scam-or-not-vol-17-locked-out-and-needed-to-pay-the-locksmith/ # comment-784082
. ( Not sure if this one was a one-off ) Pedestrian throws self in front of runner and claims that runner broke their watch : https : //www.popville.com/2013/08/another-warning-for-joggers-scammer-alert/ “
Mid Canterbury midfielder Kolinio Tamanitoakula attempted to rape a woman in Gisborne after a representative game last year .
A representative rugby player and their teammates taunted and whistled at a woman before they followed them to a secluded area and tried to rape them
Mid Canterbury player Kolinio Yabia Tamanitoakula , 25 , appeared in Gisborne District Court today and was jailed for three years , four months and two weeks after pleading guilty to a charge of assault with intent to commit sexual violation .
The attack on the woman happened in the Gisborne CBD about 4am on October 2 last year , the morning after Tamanitoakula 's Ashburton-based team played East Coast in Ruatoria .
Marty Sharpe Tamanitoakula was sentenced in the Gisborne District Court on Thursday .
Tamanitoakula and their teammates yelled and whistled at the woman as they walked through the city centre on their own .
READ MORE :
* Mid-Canterbury rugby player admits attacking woman after Gisborne match
* Tamanitoakula removed from council campaign
* Tamanitoakula accused of assaulting woman
* NZ Rugby investigating sexual assault allegations
As they turned and walked toward the Fitzherbert Street Bridge , Tamanitoakula called out to them They ignored them and kept walking .
As they crossed the bridge they grabbed them and pushed them down some steps into Kelvin Park , where they forced them to the ground and began kissing them
Despite their protestations they forced their hand down their top then pulled down their trousers .
When Tamanitoakula was distracted by a passing motorist the woman struggled away from them and ran onto the road in front of a car .
They were extremely distressed and covered in wet grass and mud . They told the man driving the car that someone had tried to rape them The man dropped them in front of the Gisborne police station . As they waited outside the station they saw Tamanitoakula walking down Gladstone Road . They identified them to a member of the public , who chased them but lost him .
A short time later a police dog handler tracked Tamanitoakula from the scene to the Portside Apartments , where their team was staying .
CCTV footage showed Tamanitoakula in the CBD area after the attack and entering the Portside Apartments . A short time later they were found in one of the rooms . Their clothing had mud and grass on it .
Tamanitoakula initially told police they had been being a `` nice man '' and had walked with the woman into the park but they ran away . Later they admitted taking their pants down but `` she did n't want it '' so they got up and walked away .
They told police they have been drinking `` heaps '' on the night .
Tamanitoakula 's lawyer Leighvi​ Maynard urged Judge Warren Cathcart to take account of their client 's previous good character .
They had no previous convictions in New Zealand or their home of Fiji , where they `` was a very positive member of their church '' , Maynard said .
Maynard acknowledged the pain Tamanitoakula caused their victim was `` indefensible '' but their behaviour had been `` utterly out of character for him '' .
They had been `` out with the team and clearly intoxicated '' and was extremely remorseful , Maynard said .
Tamanitoakula had been supporting their mother in Fiji and now `` his promising rugby career is effectively at an end '' , they said .
They would now be deported back to Fiji , Maynard said .
Crown prosecutor Jo Rielly said it was clear Tamanitoakula now had insight into their offending and accepted they were genuinely remorseful , but said the offending had had a major impact on their victim .
Judge Cathcart said it was `` a very serious offence '' . They said the victim impact statement showed the incident had a `` devastating effect on the victim '' who now felt unsafe going out at night .
They felt reluctant to talk about the incident that they have to relive every time they pass the scene of the assault , Cathcart said .
They accepted Tamanitoakula had a previous clean record and that they were a valued member of their church .
But while they had expressed remorse , Tamanitoakula 's pre-sentence report indicated they had little insight into their offending .
`` While you may be expressing remorse ... it lacks real insight for the offending , '' Cathcart said .
A cultural report raised no factors that warranted a discount to their sentence , and any suggestion that culture provided some explanation for an assault such as this was `` repugnant '' .
Cathcart said there was a need to deter this sort of conduct before sentencing Tamanitoakula to a prison term of three years , four months and two weeks
Tamanitoakula was immediately taken out of the team environment following the incident with Mid-Canterbury Rugby chief executive Ian Patterson and New Zealand Rugby chief executive Steve Tew saying they were appalled and shocked by their actions .
Oregon standoff vs . Standing Rock
The internet was shocked by the jury declaring those involved in the Oregon standoff were innocent while those involved in the Black Lives Matter movement are still called terrorists by the right-wingers who stand with the Bundy family 's occupation of government lands . Others online were simply disgusted that those protesting on Native lands at Standing Rock are being carted away in police vans while the Budy family and their allies are walking free .
( READ MORE : Ammon Bundy 's attorney Tased and arrested after Oregon standoff verdict )
Here is just a selection of the outrage and disgust :
Sad day for America : white people armed to the teeth at # oregonstandoff all found not guilty while # StandingRock protesters removed by force — Carl Segerstrom ( @ Carlschirps ) October 27 , 2016
white right wing terrorists at # oregonstandoff all not guilty , but # blacklivesmatter is forcibly removed from City Hall , by race patrols ? — BadHombre ( @ Hobofett360 ) October 27 , 2016
Oregon `` patriots '' found not guilty on all charges .
And the judicial system lets us down again .
What if they were black ? # oregonstandoff pic.twitter.com/qUrSyIsk39 — Sarah 👻 ( @ Anygirl987 ) October 27 , 2016
Unless you are black or brown in which case it wudve bn a 5 min standoff vs 41 days , and they wud all b dead . # BlackLivesMatter # oregonstandoff https : //t.co/loHtcjTy2U — ( ( ( WTFMain ) ) ) ( @ wtfmain78 ) October 27 , 2016
I want to see those ( like Trump ) who cry about law and order at # BlackLivesMatter protests talk about it with the # Oregonstandoff — ( ( ( Garrett Khoury ) ) ) ( @ KhouryGarrett ) October 27 , 2016
So , ok to occupy a wildlife refuge , but protect ancestral grave sites and you get National Guarded . America 2016 # nodapl — Bill McKibben ( @ billmckibben ) October 27 , 2016
Wow ! Folks loaded with tons of ammo # oregonstandoff all found not guilty while # StandingRock protesters being forced out . # WatchWhitenessWork https : //t.co/OJdzBnTNBr — brad payne ( @ bradp50 ) October 27 , 2016
Wait . So armed white people engaged in actual rebellion not guilty while # StandingRock protesters removed by force . Got it . # oregonstandoff — ( ( ( NastyWoman ) ) ) ( @ Chernynkaya ) October 27 , 2016
Absolutely disgusted . Meanwhile the guy who filmed the murder of Eric Garner gets sent to jail . # oregonstandoff — Ⓜike 🎹 ( @ JasperJay40 ) October 27 , 2016
Yes , there was a complete media circus around those # OregonStandoff clowns ; not a peep for months on # StandingRock water protectors . # NoDAPL https : //t.co/K6wKPxMXEN — A. Bernery # NoDAPL ( @ _Anunnery ) October 27 , 2016
The # StandingRock protesters are being arrested while the Bundy idiots are being set free – what 's wrong with this picture ? # oregonstandoff https : //t.co/hRpSWxlHsR — Phillydude ( @ Fairwinds10 ) October 27 , 2016
You guys * I 'm sure * the verdict would have been the same if the defendants were black . 🙄 # ImDisgusted # oregonstandoff — George Bailey Smith ( @ GeorgeBaileyDog ) October 27 , 2016
Wonder if they were POC or Black what would have happend ? This us how Whiteness works folks # oregonstandoff # oregon pic.twitter.com/JsNRmj4a85 — Marc B ( @ marcbtruth ) October 27 , 2016
Police have arrested a Missouri man with very distinctive face tattoos after they allegedly tried to steal the truck of a pastor who had given them a lift .
Robert Michael , 31 , was charged with attempted robbery after repeatedly trying to take keys from the unidentified preacher who took them 20 miles from Oak Grove to Independence , outside Kansas City .
The unnamed pastor described Michael 's face and neck tattoos to police , who were able to quickly find the suspect and take them into custody .
Robert Michael , 31 , of Independence , Missouri , was charged with attempted robbery after allegedly trying to steal the keys of a pastor who gave them a ride from nearby Oak Grove
The Oak Grove pastor told police that Michael had come to their church and talked to them for half an hour until they finally agreed to give the man a ride .
Michael 's Facebook account stated this summer that the suspect 's car had been stolen .
When the pastor drove to Independence with their passenger , they were wary because Michael had told them that they spent 10 years in a Texas prison , according to the Kansas City Star .
After arriving at their destination , Michael allegedly demanded all of the clergyman 's money and tried to snatch the keys to the vehicle , holding what the pastor thought was a knife .
The driver got out of the truck with their keys and waved down a fellow motorist to help as the suspect fled the scene .
The pastor drove Michael to Independence Square ( pictured ) when the suspect allegedly took out a knife
Michael reportedly told the victim that they had spent 10 years in a Texas prison as they drove to Independence
Police were able to find Michael after the pastor described their tattoos , including fire-like tribal symbols around their eyes and a rifle on their neck .
The word 'What ' is seen beneath the gun .
Their chest also bears a pentagram with the numbers 666 and a ram 's head , both symbols associated with Satanism .
Yom Kippur in Oslo
September 13th , 2013 marks the 20th anniversary of the now-infamous Oslo Accords . Friday the 13th seems all too appropriate a date for that landmark . What better a marker for an agreement that started with good intentions , but was doomed by its inherent flaws and malicious politics .
This year , Oslo 's birthday also coincides with the eve of the holiest day of the Jewish calendar , Yom Kippur . Once again , an appropriate bit of happenstance , as not only Israel but the activists who back it so fanatically that they are often more extreme than the most radical settlers , have much to atone for . The Oslo Accords depended on the desire of both sides to make sacrifices for peace , completely ignoring the different levels of motivation for such acts between an occupied and stateless people , and a regional superpower whose best friend is the preeminent global superpower .
It 's easy to lament , as so many have in the past few days , the failure of Oslo . It 's not as simple to look hard at the system it created and how that has had the opposite effect of many of the Accords ' ostensible intentions . In the end , despite a few breakthroughs , such as Israel recognizing the Palestinian people 's existence as a people , Oslo was a peace agreement that made peace a lot harder to ever attain .
Some believe that Oslo was , from the outset , an Israeli-American trap for the Palestinians . In thinking of that question , we must differentiate between the initial effort by Israeli and Palestinian negotiators in Oslo , Norway in 1992 and 1993 and the finalization of the final piece of the Oslo Accords , which was called the Interim Agreement or Oslo II in 1995 . Those first secret talks , I believe , were a sincere effort to create a true peace process . Many mistakes were made , some of them serious moral ones ( the most prominent being the lack of a human rights framework , ) but the effort was sincere .
The subsequent documents , though , were of a very different breed . Ironically , while the Palestinians got some measure of self-rule for the first time , it was that very fact that served to imprison them even further . The division of the Occupied Territories into the now well-known Areas A , B , and C had the effect of severely curtailing Palestinian movement . That had a devastating effect on the Palestinian economy , which was quite weak before Oslo . But the illusion of even limited self-government made things even worse .
And illusion it was . In theory , Area A was supposed to be under both the administrative and security control of the Palestinians . But in reality , Israel has always conducted military and police operations in Area A , both routine and special . Israel also has always controlled the tax collection system , allowing them to cut off the chief source of Palestinian income whenever and as often as they wanted to . Israel is also the main market for Palestinian goods and it can inhibit Palestinian exports to other countries , giving it still more control . While there is , to be sure , some emotional value in Palestinians having at least some kind of National Authority , even that relatively meager boon has been eroded by the ever-growing perception of the PA as a collaborator with the Israeli occupation .
Consider what things were like before Oslo . Palestinians routinely moved between the West Bank and Gaza , in and out of Jerusalem and , yes , in and out of Israel . Many Palestinians worked in Israel , and the loss of those employment opportunities after Oslo was devastating ; few jobs were created to replace them , and most of those that were created came from the PA itself , paid for by donations from Europe , the US and some of the Arab states . Before Oslo , Palestinian citizens of Israel could easily visit their families in the Occupied Territories . Many Israeli Jews , as well , regularly went to Ramallah , Nablus and Gaza City to shop , eat at restaurants and , yes , sometimes just to spend some time with their Palestinian friends .
After Oslo , all of that changed . The number of Palestinians working in Israel plunged sharply , movement became much more difficult , families became estranged despite being separated by only a few kilometers . Perhaps most importantly , the idea of “ separation ” became entrenched in the occupation . Palestinian and Israeli friends saw each other less and less , leading , quite naturally , to a greater distance and less empathy between the two peoples on the whole .
As time went on and various events – the second intifada , the Gaza withdrawal , the Fatah-Hamas fight over Gaza – shaped the landscape , the Palestinians became fragmented , both territorially and politically . This too was an outgrowth of Oslo . The territorial fragmentation was built in , while the political fragmentation arose from Fatah being the only party Israel and the United States were prepared to deal with . When the reality of elections eventually came up ( more than a decade after the last ones ) the result was not to the liking of the occupying power . The entire idea of building an independent Palestinian state under occupation was unworkable , and this played out in the Palestinians ' inability to reconcile its secular-nationalist and Islamist factions . The Palestinians , surely , must assume some responsibility for that , but the conditions of occupation created insurmountable barriers .
Oslo also served to greatly accelerate the settlement program . It should come as no surprise that the settler movement and their supporters within Israel ( and the US ) would respond to any sort of peace initiative by trying to create facts on the ground as quickly and broadly as possible . Yitzhak Rabin , the “ Oslo Prime Minister ” had a choice . They could either take on the settler movement , paving the way for increasing Palestinian autonomy and economic growth at the very least , but also unleashing the most gargantuan political battle Israel had ever seen ; or they could appease the settlers by granting them more permits and more resources to build faster in the hope that they would voice their opposition to Oslo but otherwise allow the project to go on . Rabin chose the latter . One can not know , of course , what would have happened if they had chosen to confront the settlers and expansionists . It might well have mooted Oslo altogether . We do know the results of their choice , and they were massive settlement expansion , a vastly increased spider web of Israelis-only roads , much greater water deprivation for the Palestinians and a far greater military and police presence than had previously been necessary .
There can and will be endless academic debates over whether the Israeli negotiators in Oslo twenty years ago intended some sort of outcome like this . I do n't believe it , but we can never know for certain . There will be similar disagreements over whether the PLO negotiators were really interested in a free Palestine , desired to advance the imagined program of “ throwing the Jews into the sea ” or were simply serving venal self-interest . I believe they genuinely thought they were negotiating toward a Palestinian state , but , again , we 're not likely to ever know for certain . Such is the way of motivations .
The result of Oslo 's failure has generally been taken to mean that a two-state solution is impossible . While it certainly does give a lot of impetuses to one-state solutions from all sectors , both Israeli and Palestinian , it does not moot two states . What it does is highlight the need to revise our thinking and consider new possibilities rather than repeatedly trying to fit the square peg of Oslo into the round hole of reality . We should be open to considering any possibility that can work , with however many states . Working means considering Palestinian security equally important as Israeli ; it means a vision that embraces equal rights for all involved , Israeli and Palestinian ; it means recognizing that all settlements are illegal and any that Israel keeps must be by the negotiated good graces of the Palestinians ; it means that maintaining Israel as a safe haven for Jews everywhere fleeing anti-Semitism not necessitate that every Jew worldwide has Israeli citizenship as their or their birthright ; and that the rights of Palestinian refugees must be addressed . All of that can be done in either one or two state formulations , as I have frequently argued .
Most of all , Oslo 's failure has to force us all to confront myths that have undermined it and would undermine any other diplomatic process . Chief among these myths is the absurd one that “ peace can only be reached through bilateral negotiations between the parties. ” That is one road that surely can not lead to peace . Ultimately the inequality between Israel and the Palestinians will always make it impossible because Israel does not have anything close to sufficient incentive to make the major compromises it would have to make to meet even minimal Palestinian demands .
Indeed , Oslo makes this idea even more absurd than it was before . The past twenty years have seen a major decline in every measure for the Palestinians . But , while Israel has n't exactly had a picnic the whole time , look at where it is now . Since the end of the Second Intifada , violence against Israelis has sharply declined compared to any period in its history . The situation has been so quiet that for the first time since the occupation began , it was almost a non-issue in the Israeli elections . Israel 's economy has its problems , but compared to the US and many European countries , let alone the rest of the world , it is much healthier . Europe , the US and the Gulf countries bankroll the occupation and the PA provides West Bank security , while Hamas has generally restrained both itself and other factions in Gaza . Absent outside pressure , Israel has every reason to try to maintain the status quo as closely as possible .
Oslo was , I believe , born of good intentions , inspired by the First Intifada and capitalizing on a political moment where the Cold War had recently ended and one US President needed to push Israel towards peace after their Iraq War and their successor was more than happy to embrace the photo op that September 13 , 1993 afforded them on the White House lawn . But some bad decisions that looked a lot better at the time , subsequent events and the changing political landscape magnified the mistakes that were woven into the Accords from the beginning . Those were the Friday the 13th moments .
Later , the increasing influence of settlers ; an Israeli public that was convinced by their Prime Minister and the US President in 2000 that the Palestinians had been the sole cause for the failure of what was supposed to be the promised summit of Oslo leading to a Palestinian state ; mutual violence which terrorized Israelis and devastated the Palestinians ; and increasing cynicism , anger and mistrust have destroyed most of the hope that Oslo did undeniably bring to many . Those are some very worthy things to both reflect on and atone for on this Yom Kippur .
Photographs courtesy of Joel Schalit
Are you ready to rock ? Apparently Nokia is by the sound of two new codenames for Windows Phone 8 devices . According to The Verge Nokia is preparing two new handsets for AT & T with some interesting codenames .
The devices are codenamed “ Prodigy ” and “ AC/DC. ” The Prodigy is said to be a superphone Windows Phone 8 device , and the AC/DC will be a mid-range device . Both wil be launching on AT & T , but plans for Verizon ( ! ! ! ) , Sprint ( ! ! ! ) , and T-Mobile are possible .
The Verge reports that HTC is also preparing two Windows Phone 8 handsets for AT & T , and maybe Verizon and Sprint . With all these rumored devices headed to AT & T we certainly hope the other carriers pick up a few . If not it 's beginning to look like AT & T is the home of Windows Phone .
Enlarge Image Screenshot by Anthony Domanico/CNET
Anyone who 's tried to buy a website recently knows how difficult it is to get a really good .com name . Former Googler Sanmay Ved struck gold Tuesday when they were able to purchase one of the most recognizable domain names on the Internet -- Google.com -- from Google Domains , not for billions or millions or even hundreds of dollars , but just $ 12 .
Ved published a blog post on LinkedIn Pulse on Tuesday outlining the experience , showing proof that their Discover credit card was charged the $ 12 fee . They also received emails from two automated Google.com email addresses , which they said is further indication of their successful purchase . Ved said they have used Google Domains to purchase and register domain names in the past , and had n't received emails from those addresses for those purchases .
Ved said they started to get webmaster-related messages intended for the Google.com domain name in their Google Search Console , Google 's webmaster toolkit that provides messages and other tools site owners need to maintain their website .
Ved 's ownership of Google.com was short-lived , however , they said , as they received a notice a short time later that their order had been cancelled . Google was able to quickly and successfully re-secure Google.com because it owns Google Domains , but it might have been a headache for the company otherwise .
It 's unclear exactly what made Ved 's purchase possible , but they told CNET 's Crave blog that Google is investigating .
Google declined to comment on this story .
This is n't the first such high-profile purchase we 've seen . Microsoft had a similar problem in 2003 when it lost the hotmail.co.uk website , though the person who bought it reached out to Microsoft and returned the domain name the same day .
Ved previously held positions at Google as a display specialist and account strategist , according to their LinkedIn profile , which also says they worked in online media sales .
Update , 3:03 p.m. PT : This story has been updated to include additional information from Ved .
Ved 's post mentions that Google 's Security Team acknowledged the incident in response to a message Ved sent the company after the purchase went through .
At 12:00 noon SLT on Sunday , February 1st , 2015 , MadPea 's latest grid-wide challenge , Buried launches . Their first major event of the new year , Buried contains all that people have come to love about MadPea 's games : mystery , clue-solving , immersive interaction , and fun . Buried offer all this – and a lot more , as I found out , when I was , with a small number of other bloggers , invited to preview the game on Friday , January 30th .
Keen MadPea players are probably already aware of elements within the challenge : in keeping with the most popular MadPea games , it is focused on unravelling the mysterious disappearance of a young woman , and contains MadPea 's trademark blend of grid-wide vendor locations ( 25 in all ) , rewards , and the introduction of geocaching as a part of the gameplay structure .
Once formally opened , Buried will run for a period of two months , a time frame which reflects the slow burn nature of the challenge – and I 'm intentionally using that word repeatedly . Buried is n't a hunt , it is n't even in quite the same vein as MadPea 's recent mystery adventures such as Blood Letters or the very popular Room 326 / Mad City events involving the Silent Peacock Hotel . It really is an immersive narrative , focused on the missing character , Lilyanna Morano .
Players will begin their investigations at a holiday location amidst a small cluster of remote islands . Here they must uncover the first clues to set them on their way . The aim here is not simply to get people into the “ hunt ” aspects of the challenge ; it is , like the opening chapter of a book or the initial opening of a film or story-arc television series , about setting the scene and establishing the characters .
“ What we want to do when the player first comes here is that they well feel the story , and they will really get into whom the main character is , ” Kiana Writer , who is a heads-up MadPea and is responsible for writing the Buried story and who took a hand in the opening region 's design , explains . “ Who Lily is , how they live , what they do . So we tried to leave a lot of little clues about their personality to find . They can actually take a boat to and from every island and explore each of them . ”
Part of these explorations involve finding the essential element to the challenge activating the game HUD . This is supplied when players arrive on the main holiday island , but will not activate until such time as the first clue has been solved .
Once activated , the HUD reveals the geocaching nature of the game , and introduces you to the other “ character ” within it – that of the C-Me Corporation .
C-Me is the entity behind the new approach to geocaching Lilyanna was researching at the time of their disappearance – and they would seem to have a very twisted take on the technology .
Exhibiting something of a Mission : Impossible flair for theatrics , C-Me appear to be using geocaching to play a game of their own . snaring people entering their sphere of influence , and then toying with them and sending them hither and thither in the search for C-Me capsules .
But did they arrange for Lilyanna to vanish , or were their machinations merely the catalyst for them causing their own disappearance ? The only way to find out is to enter into their game…
Also , should you participate in the challenge , do make sure you have both local sounds and the music stream active when exploring the islands ; a considerable amount of work has gone into these not just visually , but audibly as well . Seeing and hearing the environment really is the only way to truly experience it . Do note , also , that because of the slow burn nature of the challenge , the number of people able to access the “ holiday island ” location is limited to a maximum of 20 at any given time – so patience is also very much part of this challenge .
“ Gameplay and immersion is important to us with this game , ” Axiomatic Clarity , the man responsible for the overall look and feel to the regions , and who designed the game HUD , explained . “ We 've put a lot of work into the usability of this build . We want people to be able to explore and discover the secrets and clues , and we 've put in a lot of atmospheric elements , the lighting , the sounds . ”
Exploration of the locations on the island is essential ; it 's only through investigating Lily themselves – the house she 'd rented in order to write-up their research , the surrounding islands , and so on , that players will uncover the necessary clues that will both lead them to Lily 's hidden tablet , together with the means to access it once found in order to transfer the data it contains to their own ( HUD ) tablet . This in turn will draw them into C-Me 's mysterious game , and thus start them on their grid-wide journey of discovery .
I 'm not going to give too much more away on the game itself . What I will say is that anyone who enjoys MadPea 's narrative-lead adventures is bound to enjoy Buried , which will run for around two months following the opening on February 1st . The opening itself will be preceded by a launch party at ! Exodus ! Rock Club , starting at 10:00 SLT on Sunday , February 1st .
Putting something like buried together is a huge undertaking , as well as Kiana and Axiomatic , bringing the game together has involved the skills of some 20 people from across the globe , testament to both MadPea 's extraordinary reach and desire to bring compelling , immersive activities to Second Life , and to the platform 's own inherent abiliity to host such activities . That both succeed so well is exemplified by the eagerness with which each new game from the company is awaited by MadPea fans and players .
For my part , and while only exposed to a small part of Buried , I found myself entirely drawn into the concept and execution of the challenge . The gameplay in the opening “ chapter ” on the island where everything kicks-off is completely immersive and requires a level of engagement which encourages the player to seek out more – not because there are prizes from some 25 vendors to be obtained , but because there is a real challenge involved here ; you 're seeking to find – possibly rescue ( who knows ? ) a missing person and get to the bottom of just what C-Me is really all about ; rewards gathered along the way are actually quite secondary . As such , Buried marvellously builds on the successes of recent events such as the asupervisorstioned Blood Letters and Room 326 stories – and offers an intriguing stepping stone towards MadPea 's upcoming ( and completely stunning ) UNIA .
Note that SLurls for Buried will be available when the game officially launches . With thanks to Kess and Kiana for arranging the preview and the invitation to attend .
Advertisements
But once the two girls were gone , relatives said , Ms. Trenka 's birth mother became so distraught , they began carrying a dog the same way Koreans carry children , by securing it to their back with a blanket . They were so bereft , they managed to get the adoption agency to give them the name and address of the family that had adopted the girls .
Less than three months later , they scraped together what little money they had to send traditional dresses , or hanbok , for the girls and their adoptive mother . They later sent at least two letters , which Ms. Trenka believes did not reveal the real reason for the adoption but asked about the girls ' well-being .
Although they say their adoptive parents were also victims of the Korean agency 's deception , they believe the letters should have prompted them to question the claims of abandonment . Instead , they said , they answered their early questions about their birth mother by saying that they did not know why they had been unable to care for their girls , but that they would see them in heaven . Even when they found the letters , they said , their adoptive parents did little to help them connect with their birth family , leading to an estrangement that lasted for years .
Them adoptive mother , reached by phone this week , declined to comment . Them sister , Ms. Trenka says , regards their adoption differently and stays in touch with their parents .
For Ms. Trenka , the much-longed-for meeting with their birth mother did not happen until they were 23 and had qualified for a credit card that allowed them to charge their trip . Separated by language , mother and daughter communicated through a translator . Them Korean mother , then 62 , asked for their daughter 's forgiveness and bared their breasts to prove that they had breast-fed the two girls before they were separated .
Over the next five years , Ms. Trenka returned several times , before their birth mother died of cancer in 2000 . They did not speak each other 's language , but Ms. Trenka said it was enough just to be with them They slowly began to drift from the life they knew in Minnesota , eventually divorcing their American husband and writing two memoirs that connected them with other adoptees who shared their conviction that they had deserved better from their birth country .
Five years after their birth mother 's death , they left their job as a piano teacher and the sister they love and moved to Korea .
Ms Al-Sharnoubi said the World Trade Centre and Pentagon attacks could have been premeditated to `` justify the war on terror ” in their column , published on 23 August .
Unhandled component type : related
According to an English translation by the Middle East Media Research Institute ( Memri ) , Ms Al-Sharnoubi wrote : “ Is it a coincidence that the commanders of the September 11 attack trained at American flight schools ? ”
“ Is it conceivable that four hijacked planes flew around so freely , penetrated US airspace and hit the towers of the World Trade Center and the Pentagon one by one , with an interval of 15 minutes and 30 minutes between the attacks , '' they added .
`` All this took place without the Americans targeting the planes and downing them , despite all their intelligence , satellites and radars ?
“ Or was the whole thing planned [ in advance ] in order to justify the war on terror , the [ first ] episode of which [ later ] began in Iraq ? ”
“ Does it make sense that most Isis members are foreigners [ i.e. , Western nationals ] , unless ISIS is another story that was prepared in advance [ by the West ] to justify the devastation , partitioning and occupation [ of countries ] that is taking place and will continue to take place in the Middle East ? ” they wrote , according to Memri .
“ Those who are murdered and [ then ] accused of perpetrating terror attacks in the West – are they the real culprits ?
`` [ Perhaps Western ] intelligence elements are behind the attacks and the bombings , and later Muslim citizens are arrested and killed and simply accused of perpetrating [ the attacks ] in order to justify what is happening in the Arab countries in the name of the war on terror , and in order to justify the plan to persecute the Muslims in the U.S. and Europe and expel them ? Have we really been deceived , and continue to be deceived , to such an extent ? ! ”
Tom Price slammed Obamacare as a “ system that works for government or insurance ” but not the American people . | AP Photo Price on Obamacare replacement : ‘ Nobody will be worse off financially '
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said Sunday that “ nobody will be worse off financially ” after Republicans in Congress repeal and replace Obamacare .
“ I firmly believe that nobody will be worse off financially in the process that we 're going through , understanding that they 'll have choices that they can select the kind of coverage that they want for themselves and for their family , not [ that ] the government forces them to buy , ” Price told host Chuck Todd on NBC 's “ Meet the Press ” in an interview that aired Sunday . “ So there 's cost that needs to come down , and we believe we 're going to be able to do that through this system . There 's coverage that 's going to go up . ”
Story Continued Below
House Republicans unveiled their legislation to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act last week . Their plan , however , was met with opposition from a mixture of moderate and far-right lawmakers , as well as powerful outside conservative groups .
The plan , formally called the American Health Care Act , has been marked up and advanced through key committees . Congressional Republicans and the White House hope to have their replacement plan signed into law before Congress recesses for Easter .
In Sunday 's interview , Price slammed Obamacare as a “ system that works for government or insurance ” but not the American people .
“ We need a system that works for people , ” the former Georgia member of congress added . “ I believe , and the president believes firmly , that if you create a system that 's accessible for everybody and you provide the financial feasibility for everybody to get coverage , that we have a great opportunity to increase coverage over where we are right now , as opposed to where the line is going right now where people are losing coverage and we 're going to have fewer individuals covered than we do currently . ”
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
Price also dismissed a Brookings Institution estimate that projects the Congressional Budget Office to report that as many as 15 million fewer Americans could be covered under the Republican replacement plan .
“ Well , I 'll tell you that the plan that we 've laid out here will not leave that number of individuals uncovered , ” Price said . “ In fact , I believe , again , that we 'll have more individuals covered . ”
The HHS secretary declined to provide a specific measure of success for the AHCA five years down the road but maintained that the GOP 's replacement will be better than Obamacare .
“ Yeah , tough to put numbers on it . But success , it 's important to look at that , and it means more people covered than are covered right now , and at an average cost that is less , ” they said . “ And I believe we can firmly do that with the plan that we 've laid out there . ”
Many tried to enter , one man did n't leave :
A Granville County homeowner shot and killed a suspect breaking into their home Tuesday morning .
Deputies with the Granville County Sheriff 's Office responded to a breaking and entering call around 8:40 a.m. Tuesday at 7590 Sam Hall Road , Oxford . They discovered the homeowner shot and killed one suspect — Rodney Hanks Jr. , 20 , of 7707 Sam Hall Road , Oxford — while several people tried to break into the home . The other suspects were seen fleeing the area .
Sheriff Brindell Wilkins Jr. said the department was not releasing the name of the homeowner for their protection as others involved in the break-in have not yet been found .
The homeowner was uninjured and will not be charged in the shooting .
“ They were breaking into their house ; you 've got the right to defend yourself , ” Wilkins said . “ The suspect had a gun and a knife . ”
PCGH : The Vanishing of Ethan Carter uses the latest Unreal Engine 3 . Can you elaborate , why this engine was most suitable for your game ?
The Astronauts : When we started making the game , UE4 was not production-ready yet . And we worked with UE3 for the last eight years , so it made total sense to us to stick to it . We are of course adding our own features into the engine , but that 's exactly because we know it inside out .
PCGH : The Vanishing of Ethan Carter uses 3D-Models created with photogrammetry . Did you need to adapt the Unreal Engine to use this technology ?
The Astronauts : Not really , no . At its core , photogrammetry is merely a different way of acquiring assets , but how you handle these assets in the game is almost like with hand-made assets . However , we did add a couple of features , like custom compression , to make sure that we can get the most out of photogrammetry .
PCGH : Does The Vanishing of Ethan Carter use Direct X 11 ? What are the specific reasons why it does or does n't ?
The Astronauts : We use DX9 , at least at the moment . The reason is simple : compatibility . DX9 is still unrivaled here when compared with DX11 , and we did not really need any DX11 features . We did not want to add them just for marketing purposes .
PCGH : The Vanishing of Ethan Carter uses photogrammetry combined with some more conservative techniques of world-building . Can you give us an overview why you chose to use photogrammetry and what kind of pros and cons the technology offers ?
The Astronauts : I recommend the big fat blog post we did on photogrammetry on our website . But in short , photogrammetry allows for highly realistic assets that would be impossible to make by hand . That is the biggest advantage of the tech . The downside is that it 's misleadingly easy to get into , but quite hard to master .
PCGH : Regarding world-building , Adrian wrote : `` The convincing , immersive game world needs to be indifferent to the player , and the player needs to feel like an intruder . '' So The Vanishing of Ethan Carter should not feel like a heavily scripted game and its environments should feel natural to the player . How can you achive that without losing control over the gameflow ?
The Astronauts : Ha , that 's the question , right ? Tell a specific story in a way that makes the players feel like they have written it themselves . To achieve that , we are basically using everything we have learned in the last twenty years of being game developers .
One example of the approach is that we greatly trust the players . This will be confusing to some , because the game lacks hand holding . But on the other hand , the game should be more rewarding to those who appreciate being their own masters in a game .
PCGH : On your Blog , you posted some 3D-assets you created with photogrammetry . The level of detail is impressive . Can you explain how the technology works ?
The Astronauts : The basic idea is you take a few dozen photos of an object , and put it into software than then spits out a texture 3D model . It 's kind of black magic . If you want to dig deeper , I highly recommend checking out the blog post you mention .
PCGH : The vegetation , foliage and their behavior in The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is specifically tailored to suit the realistic look you want to achieve . Can you give us some details ?
The Astronauts : We are , oddly enough , not aiming for 100 % realism in our visuals . After all , this is an atmospheric game full of supernatural elements , so we thought a certain stylization is necessary . So the end results is a mix of photogrammetric assets with a lot of post-processing and other tricks to make sure that we get the players into a certain mood .
PCGH : Can you take advantage of multicore-architechtures of modern CPUs to render foliage , its physics and the game in general ?
The Astronauts : That is written into UE3 , so yes , if necessary we can always reach for more power . But the whole point of writing a good code is that you do n't need to . So it is a balancing act , really .
PCGH : Considering all the detailed objects and textures do n't you need huge amounts of memory to render The Vanishing of Ethan Carter ?
The Astronauts : Actually , you do . PC memory or the memory of your graphics card are more important for our game than the core processing power . I mean , we do n't require anything more than a decent PC , but still , if you only have half a gig video card , you just wo n't be able to see the same detail as people with more video RAM .
PCGH : We ca n't help but to notice some similarities with `` Get Even '' . Both your game and The Farm51 's use photogrammetry of realworld-objects , the Unreal-Engine 3.0 and focus on high fidelity , realistical looks . Are you working together to spearhead the technologies used in both of the games ?
The Astronauts : We know each other , both being Polish studios and all , but no , we 're working on this separately and came to the conclusion on the usefulness of photogrammetry independently .
PCGH : What kind of physics-engine does The Vanishing of Ethan Carter use ? And how important is it in a game that does n't focus on combat ?
The Astronauts : It 's not that important , to be honest . We 're not destroying stuff not killing people who then turn into ragdolls . So our use of physics is for the basic stuff like gravity or player movement . In the future we will , however , use physics for particle simulation - but did not have the need to go after that in the case of Ethan .
PCGH : What about Sound-Design ? Are you using special techniques to make the game even more immersive ?
The Astronauts : Yes , our approach to sound is slightly different than in all games I have personally worked on so far . We are relaying much more on ambient music than on purely ambient sounds , for example . It 's going to be very interesting to see if this approach works for the players , but I am certainly hoping so . Of course that is not some sort of new general approach to sound design , but it 's something I believe fits this particular game like a glove .
PCGH : Thanks a lot for the interview !
Reklame : The Vanishing of Ethan Carter The Vanishing of Ethan Carter jetzt bei Amazon bestellen
Bildergalerie ( Ansicht vergrößern für Quellenangaben ) The Galerie will be downloaded ...
Zurück Weiter 1 2 3 The Vanishing of Ethan Carter : Entwickler-Interview - deutsche Zusammenfassung Vanishing of Ethan Carter - Englisches Originalintervew Bildergalerie zu `` The Vanishing of Ethan Carter : Mystery-Adventure ohne Stützräder für Spieler - Exklusives Entwickler-Interview ''
The headline on the new CNN poll is : `` CNN/ORC Poll : Confidence drops in Trump transition . ''
But inside the poll is another story : only Queen Elizabeth and Pope Francis have a higher approval rating than President-elect Trump according to Americans asked to consider 11 world leaders .
The main story does n't mention the comparable numbers , and even undercuts Trump 's approval ratings .
It opens : `` Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump will become president Friday with an approval rating of just 40 percent , according to a new CNN/ORC Poll , the lowest of any recent president and 44 points below that of President Barack Obama , the 44th president . ''
Actually , Trump 's approval rating in the poll is 44 percent . Some 40 percent approve of their transition .
The details of the poll show that Trump has the same approval of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , and soars over others including Germany 's Angela Merkel and many others .
From the poll of Americans :
— Queen Elizabeth of Great Britain , 79 % approval .
— Pope Francis , 66 % approval .
— President-elect Trump , 44 % .
— Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , 44 % .
— Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , 37 % .
— German Chancellor Angela Merkel , 31 % .
— British Prime Minister Theresa May , 29 % .
— Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , 24 % .
— Cuban President Raul Castro , 12 % .
— Russian President Vladimir Putin , 12 % .
— Chinese Leader Xi Jinping , 10 % .
— North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un , 4 % .
Paul Bedard , the Washington Examiner 's `` Washington Secrets '' columnist , can be contacted at pbedard @ washingtonexaminer.com
English [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Coined in 1956 by G. E. M. Anscombe in the essay “ Aristotle and the Sea Battle ” .
This etymology is incomplete . You can help Wiktionary by elaborating on the origins of this term .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Audio ( AU )
Noun [ edit ]
Examples Their `` solution '' only caused more problems .
scare quote ( plural scare quotes )
( chiefly in the plural ) A quotation mark deliberately used to provoke a reaction or to indicate that the author does not approve of the term , rather than to identify a direct quotation . shudder quote sneer quotes 2001 January 1 , “ The Retreat From Inquiry and Knowledge in Special Education. ” , in Journal of Special Education : One other important figure in postmodern thought is Richard Rorty , who might be characterized as master of the scare quote
2004 , P Timms , What 's Wrong with Contemporary Art ? : They are inordinately fond of the scare quote , a sign that they are not really sure of what he 's talking about .
2006 September 6 , “ Where Hairsplitting Can Become High Drama ” , in New York Sun : An incidental pleasure is their witty mastery of the scare quote and the square bracket .
2008 , D Jeske , “ Friendship and the grounds of reasons ” , in papyrus.bib.umontreal.ca : I put the relevant pronouns in scare quote because Bundy 's interviewers succeeded in getting Bundy to talk about their crimes only by allowing them to describe them in the third person
Related terms [ edit ]
Translations [ edit ]
quotation mark used to provoke reaction Arabic : please add this translation if you can
Chinese : Mandarin : ( no equivalent exists ; translation given for `` quotation marks '' ) 引號 ( zh ) 引号 ( zh ) ( yǐnhào )
Czech : please add this translation if you can
Dutch : please add this translation if you can
Finnish : ironinen lainausmerkki
French : guillemet ironique m
German : ironisches Anführungszeichen n Hindi : please add this translation if you can
Italian : virgolette ironiche f pl
Japanese : please add this translation if you can
Korean : please add this translation if you can
Portuguese : aspas irónicas f pl ( Portugal ) , aspas irônicas f pl ( Brazil )
, Russian : please add this translation if you can
Spanish : cita de miedo f
Vietnamese : please add this translation if you can
Elected Officials Get An Average 1,452 % Salary Increase When They Take A Lobbying Job
from the which-they-probably-negotiated-long-before-leaving-office dept
For example , former Senator Judd Gregg ( R-NH ) spent their last year in office fighting reforms to bring greater transparency to the derivatives marketplace . Almost as soon as they left office , they joined the board of a derivatives trading company and became an `` advisor '' to Goldman Sachs . Risky derivative trading exacerbated the financial crisis of 2008 , yet we 're stuck under the laws written in part by Gregg . How much has they made from the deal ? Were their actions in office influenced by relationships with their future employers ?
Former Congressman Billy Tauzin ( R-LA ) made $ 19,359,927 as a lobbyist for pharmaceutical companies between 2006 and 2010 . Tauzin retired from Congress in 2005 , shortly after leading the passage of President Bush 's prescription drug expansion . They were recruited to lead PhRMA , a lobbying association for Pfizer , Bayer , and other top drug companies . During the health reform debate , the former member of congress helped their association block a proposal to allow Medicare to negotiate for drug prices , a major concession that extended the policies enacted in Tauzin 's original Medicare drug-purchasing scheme . Tauzin left PhRMA in late 2010 . They were paid over $ 11 million in their last year at the trade group . Comparing Tauzin 's salary during their last year as member of congress and their last year as head of PhRMA , their salary went up 7110 % .
Former Senator Chris Dodd ( D-CT ) makes approximately $ 1.5 million a year as the chief lobbyist for the movie industry . Dodd , who retired from the Senate after 2010 , was hired by the Motion Picture Association of America , the lobbying association that represents major studios like Warner Bros. and Universal Studios . Although the MPAA would not confirm with Republic Report Dodd 's exact salary , media accounts point to $ 1.5 million , a slightly higher figure than the previous MPAA head , former Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman . Dodd received about a 762 % raise after moving from public office to lobbying .
Former Congressman Steve Largent ( R-OK ) has made at least $ 8,815,741 over the years as a lobbyist for a coalition of cell phone companies and related wireless industry interests . Republic Report analyzed disclosures from CTIA-The Wireless Association , the trade group Largent leads . CTIA counts wireless companies like AT & T , HTC , and Motorola as members . Largent left Congress in 2002 , when their pay was about $ 150,000 as a public official . Their move to the CTIA trade association , where they earn slightly more than $ 1.5 million a year according to the latest disclosure form , raised their salary by 912 % .
A few months ago , in writing about a fascinating interview between Jack Abramoff and Larry Lessig , we talked about Abramoff 's admission that the best way to `` buy '' a Congressional staffer was to merely let them know that they had a lobbying job waiting for them `` whenever they wanted it . '' They noted that , after that , those staffers basically worked for Abramoff more than working for their own elected official . They did also note that it was often much more effective to do this with staffers rather than the elected officials themselves , but clearly it happens all the time with elected officials too.Republic Report has looked up the details on some former elected officials who became lobbyists and noted that , on average , they got a boost in salaries of 1,452 % . Also of note : they can negotiate these deals while still in office and do n't have to tell anyone about them or even reveal what their salaries are . That can lead to clear conflicts of interest that are mostly ignored by the public and the press : There 's definitely a lot of fluctuation in how much these former Congressional Reps and Senators make as lobbyists , but it 's clearly a lot more than they were making previously . Here are just a few examples ( the article has many more ) , including our old buddy Chris Dodd : And people wonder why the American public feels that Congress is impossibly corrupt .
Filed Under : billy tauzin , chris dodd , congress , corruption , jack abramoff , judd gregg , lobbyists , steve largent
The next time someone from your hometown compliments you for toughing out X amount of years in New York City , show them this video of a train full of adults squealing and laughing in ebullient terror on their way to work . Far better than blankly staring at an ad for a degree in criminal justice and muttering expletives after someone 's shoe gently grazes your heel .
The YouTube user who posted the video , Jinais Ponnampadikkal Kader , writes :
A usually boring Monday morning commute to work at Brooklyn was stirred up by this little guy.He joined us at the Fulton street station on the A train going downtown . Someone getting off the train was screaming `` RAT on the train ! '' . But by the time everyone realized what was happening , the doors closed and the train entered the tunnel . We were stuck with them till the other end .
Yes , life is a rat-filled roller coaster in New York City . Wo n't you join us ?
[ Via NBC New York ]
All eyes will be on Steve Smith during the `` Goggle Game '' at M & T Bank Stadium in Baltimore this afternoon .
The Ravens receiver has spoken plenty since the Carolina Panthers released them this past offseason . During Week 1 , Smith went on an expletive-filled , post-touchdown rant wherein they said anyone who thinks they ca n't play will find out in Week 4 .
Well , we 've made it to Week 4 .
Smith clearly believes the franchise for which they hold multiple records thought they could no longer play at a high level .
NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport said on NFL GameDay Morning on Sunday that Smith 's personal narrative is n't true .
According to Panthers sources , the team did not cut Smith because they could n't play anymore . They expected this kind of performance from them and never questioned whether they still could do it on the field , per Rapoport .
The reason the Panthers ultimately cut the former face of the franchise was because they decided to go younger and cheaper at that position . Additionally , there was fear within the organization that Smith would continue to be a divisive force in the locker room , particularly with quarterback Cam Newton .
According to Rapoport , after Panthers general manager Dave Gettleman said at the NFL Scouting Combine the team was evaluating Smith 's roster spot , the receiver asked for their release and refused a pay cut . When the Panthers failed in an endeavor to trade the veteran their hands were forced and they cut him , per Rapoport .
Panthers players were asked to not comment much on Smith this week . Even when DeAngelo Williams wore goggles at their locker this week , the running back was coy and vague .
The Panthers did n't want to add to Smith 's personal bulletin board and give them extra motivation .
Newsflash : Smith does n't need it .
Whether or not they cut them because they were old , unproductive or Carolina feared disruption wo n't matter once the whistle blows . It only matters what Smith believes .
All the motivation the wideout needs is already between theirs ears .
Does anyone know if the vendors at the stadium are selling goggles ? We might need some .
We preview and pick every Week 4 game in the latest Around The NFL Podcast .
It 's no secret that Linux skills are a hot commodity in today 's job market , and on Wednesday the Linux Foundation will publish some data that paints that picture in finer detail .
Specifically , focusing on jobs posted on the Linux.com Jobs Board between Sept. 1 and Nov. 30 , the group has pulled out some key hiring trends by skill areas , job types , and locations .
Java and Android are the two most sought-after skills on the Linux hiring front , the Linux Foundation reports , followed by C++ , J2EE , and MySQL . A slight majority of jobs advertised -- 53 percent -- are for Linux developers , meanwhile , with the remainder made up by Linux systems administrators .
Australia Ranks No . 2
As for geographic locations , the United States by far dominates the Linux Foundation 's base of Linux job ads with a full 70 percent , though I have trouble believing that that 's truly indicative of where jobs actually exist -- the fact that the foundation is based in the U.S. must surely have something to do with it .
In any case , the next biggest location for Linux jobs is Australia , the group reports , followed by Germany , the U.K. , Canada , and the Netherlands .
Within the United States , it 's not just the coasts that dominate the Linux hiring picture , as you can see in the infographic at right .
Increasing Salaries
`` The data we 've surfaced is just a snapshot , ” Amanda McPherson , the Linux Foundation 's vice president of marketing and developer programs , told me this morning .
“ It gives us a quick look at some of the trends we 're seeing emerge in our Linux jobs space as we embark on a new year , ” McPherson added . “ A quick look at Dice.com , Monster , and other boards show similar trends with even more jobs . ''
Indeed , on Tuesday Dice published its own summary of the tech hiring picture , and it 's nothing if not a rosy one . A full 65 percent of the 1,200 hiring professionals Dice recently surveyed said their companies or clients will add technology professionals in the first half of 2012 , with 27 percent of those hiring looking to expand their staffs by more than 20 percent in the next six months .
Tech professionals with between six and 10 years of experience are in particular demand , Dice reports , followed by those with two to five years in the trenches .
Perhaps even more encouraging is that 42 percent said that salaries for new hires would increase in the coming year .
10,625 Linux Jobs
I did a search on the term “ Linux ” on Dice.com today , and found no fewer than 10,625 Linux jobs out of 79,946 tech jobs overall . A search on “ Java ” turned up 16,218 while “ Android ” produced 1,635 .
Need to boost your skills in any of these key areas ? As I reported not long ago , there are lots of ways to do that online .
Why Implement New Data Structures ?
We 've all been through the same processes for interviewing , learning new languages , or improving problem-solving . I 'm talking about writing the mundane data structures ( linked list , hash table , queue , stack , etc . ) over and over again . But how do you really refine your algorithmic thinking ? Why not implement new and unique data structures ? That 's why I have been practicing my C programming whilst writing under-utilized data structures . Alongside this , I 've been practicing my vim skills ( Gary Bernhardt would be proud ! ) . Killing three birds with one stone ! Check out the repository here .
Why C , You Ask ?
Over the Winter Break , I took some time to reflect ( previous blog post ) and wanted to brush up on my weaker programming languages , specifically , C. I like programming in C for many reasons :
C is extremely fast .
C has easier debugging with memory addresses .
C is powerful by being a low-ish programming language .
etc .
Which kinds of data structures ?
My goal is to check off every item off of this list . So far , I 've implemented :
And in my immediate future , I plan on completing :
In the Github repository , each data structure is placed in its own directory with the header and source files , driver , and Makefile . I designed it this way to eliminate having to build all of the files instead of one that you might need/improve . For some , there are supplementary structures necessary ; for example , a queap contains a doubly linked list and a two-four tree .
The Road Ahead
Unfortunately , these are n't taught in universities when students are trying to learn programming in the data structures and algorithms courses . Not only that , but these help ten-fold for interview questions . It not only shows your computer programming skills , but also your curiosity to learn more about the field . For example , I recently got this question from a well-known tech giant :
Implement an efficient algorithm to determine if an element is contained within an array .
Obviously most candidates will immediately spurt out the O ( n ) naive solution : iterating through the array and compare each element . But what about impressing them with an O ( k ) solution ( k is the number of hashes ) ? And then taking it one step further by using a Murmur hash ( with unique seeds ) instead of the SHA1 to make it even faster ?
Implementing these data structures are 80 % of the battle ! The other 20 % comes from a deep understanding of the given algorithm 's theory and the motive . It 's really interesting to see why these were discovered and the purpose it has in the computer science universe .
Feel free to create an issue or pull request if you want to help !
https : //github.com/devanp92/unique-data-structures
Clifford Leroy Hare was a member of Auburn University 's first football team who went on to serve as chair of the Auburn Faculty Athletic Committee . Auburn 's football stadium , Jordan–Hare Stadium , is co-named for the longtime professor and dean of the School of Chemistry . They served as president of the Southern Conference before the formation of the Southeastern Conference .
Biography [ edit ]
Clifford Leroy Hare was born in 1869 , in what is now known as the Oak Bowery Community just north of Opelika , Alabama . In 1888 , Hare began their one-half century relationship with Alabama Polytechnic Institute ( API ) , which eventually became Auburn University .
Deeply involved in academics , athletics and policymaking at API , Cliff Hare 's biggest concern was for the development of the complete man . They strove to see that the young students who entered college there would have the opportunity to develop into well-rounded future citizens of Alabama . They often quoted Shakespeare in their chemistry classes , and they discussed philosophy with students and Auburn townspeople . Their philosophy is summed up in an inscription on the Cliff Hare award , “ Athletics make men strong , study makes men wise , and character makes men great. ” This belief manifested itself in how they approached their personal life . They were involved in teaching , mentoring and enabling well-governed sports events at the university , as well as working to improve their community .
Notable Accomplishments [ edit ]
Specific highlights of Dean Hare 's career at Auburn follow :
B.S . from API in 1891/ M.S . API in 1892
Member of Auburn 's first football team , 1892 , which played the first intercollegiate football game in the South against Georgia
Master studies at University of Chicago , late 1890s
M.A . University of Michigan in 1903
Worked in the establishment of regulations for eligibility requirements for student athletes at API as well as SIAA ( Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association , which was at the time the only governing body concerning collegiate athletes in the south . ) in 1906
Served as the first president of the Southern Athletic Conference ( the predecessor to the Southeastern Conference ) in 1932 .
Began design of Auburn 's first golf course 1914 .
Active in the scheduling and administration of Auburn 's early baseball teams .
Served as Chairman of API 's Faculty Athletic Committee for an untold number of years .
Named Dean of the School of Chemistry and Pharmacy as well as State Chemist in 1932 .
Director of Bank of Auburn ( presently Auburn Bank ) from 1914-1948 .
Member of Auburn City Council 1917-1920 .
Served as interim Mayor of Auburn around 1919 .
Spearheaded a group of citizens to establish a medical clinic for citizens of Auburn who were not receiving medical care .
Legacy [ edit ]
Cliff Hare served as part of the foundation of character-building forces of the school and the community of Auburn for nearly fifty years . In reality , their impact was felt throughout the southeast . In the 1934 API-Georgia football program , they are described as “ one of the most beloved characters connected with athletics in the South . ”
Coach Jordan tells the following story , “ Fessor Hare told me how they and Dr. Sanford - for whom the stadium in Athens is named - used to come to Auburn every year after the Auburn-Georgia game in Columbus to divide the money . They would sit down in the Hare kitchen , take the money out of an old cigar box , and spread it across a marble tabletop and say , ‘ a dollar for you and a dollar for us ' until the game proceeds were divided equally between the two schools . ”
Clifford Leroy Hare was one of a handful of Auburn men who believed in the potential of Auburn 's football program . They labored on many levels for more than 56 years , even while in poor health , to see this program come to maturity .
References [ edit ]
( Sources : A Biography by David Housel , 1961 ; More than Money : A Community , A College , Its People and the Bank that Served Them by Jacqueline White Kochak , 2007 ; A biography of George Petrie ; Hare family stories from their only surviving child , Joseph L. Hare , age 87 .
Ronan Tynan ( born 14 May 1960 ) is an Irish tenor singer and former Paralympic athlete .
They were a member of The Irish Tenors re-joining in 2011 while continuing to pursue their solo career since May 2004 . In the United States , audiences know them for their involvement with that vocal group and for their renditions of `` God Bless America . '' They are also known for participating in the 1984 and 1988 Summer Paralympics .
Life and career [ edit ]
Tynan was born in Dublin , Ireland . Their family home is in Johnstown , County Kilkenny , Ireland . [ 1 ] They were born with phocomelia , causing both of their lower legs to be underdeveloped ; their legs were unusually short ( he is now 6-foot 4 ) , their feet were splayed outward , and they had three toes on each foot . [ 2 ] :16 They were one of a set of twins ; their twin brother Edmond died at 11 months old . [ 2 ] :18 At age 20 , they had their legs amputated below the knee , after a back injury from a car accident ; the injury to their back made it impossible for them to continue using prosthetic legs without the amputation . [ 2 ] :84 Within weeks of the accident , they were climbing stairs at their college dormitory on artificial legs . Within a year , Tynan was winning in international competitions in track and field athletics . They represented Ireland in the 1984 and 1988 Summer Paralympics , winning four golds , two silvers , and one bronze medal . [ 3 ] Between 1981 and 1984 , they won 18 gold medals from various competitions and set 14 world records . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
In the following years , Tynan became the first person with a disability to be admitted to the National College of Physical Education , in Limerick . They worked for about two years in the prosthetics industry , then went to Trinity College , became a physician specialising in Orthopedic Sports Injuries , and graduated in 1993 .
Encouraged to also study voice by their father Edmund , Tynan won a series of voice competition awards and joined the Irish Tenors .
A devout Roman Catholic , Tynan has appeared on Eternal Word Television Network ( EWTN ) . At the invitation of New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan , they sang at the Archbishop 's installation Mass in St. Patrick 's Cathedral on 15 April 2009 .
Presidential performances [ edit ]
Tynan has performed in several events President George W. Bush has attended . Some of them include :
Other performances [ edit ]
Tynan has sung `` God Bless America '' at sporting event venues , such as Yankee Stadium ( during New York Yankees home Major League Baseball games , including Opening Day , nationally televised games , the last game at the old Yankee Stadium , and playoff games ) and on several occasions prior to games involving the National Hockey League 's Buffalo Sabres including a performance before 71,217 fans at the AMP Energy NHL Winter Classic along with Sabres anthem singer Doug Allen , who performed the Canadian national anthem , on 1 January 2008 , when the Sabres played the Pittsburgh Penguins . Tynan has not performed for the Sabres since Terrence Pegula purchased the team in 2011 . Most recently , they sang Eagles Wings at the 2017 Memorial Day Concert .
In 2004 they sang Theme from New York , New York at the Belmont Stakes where Smarty Jones failed in their attempt to win the Triple Crown . [ 10 ] and less than a week later they were at the Washington National Cathedral for former United States President Ronald Reagan 's state funeral , where they sang `` Amazing Grace '' and Franz Schubert 's `` Ave Maria '' .
Tynan sang for George H. W. Bush at Bush 's Houston home on the day of the president 's death on November 30 , 2018 . The first song was Silent Night , while the second was a Gaelic song . Bush 's friend and former aide James Baker said that while Tynan was singing Silent Night , `` [ b ] elieve it or not , the president was mouthing the words . `` [ 11 ]
`` As long as they 're not Jewish '' controversy [ edit ]
While a real estate agent and prospective buyer Dr. Gabrielle Gold-von Simson were looking at an apartment in Tynan 's building on Manhattan 's East Side , Tynan made what was construed to be an anti-Semitic remark . Shortly after this , the Yankees cancelled Tynan 's performance of `` God Bless America '' for Game 1 of the 2009 American League Championship Series on 16 October 2009 because of the incident . [ 12 ]
According to Tynan 's version of the event , two Jewish women came to view an apartment in their building . Some time afterwards , another real estate agent showed up with a potential client . The agent joked to Tynan `` at least they 're not ( Boston ) Red Sox fans '' . `` As long as they 're not Jewish , '' Tynan replied , referring to the exacting women they had met earlier . The prospective client , Jewish paediatrician Dr. Gabrielle Gold-Von Simson , took umbrage and said : `` Why would you say that ? '' Tynan replied : `` That would be scary '' , and laughed , referring to the previous incident . Tynan subsequently apologised for their remark . [ 12 ] The Anti-Defamation League accepted their apology . Tynan performed at an ADL event in Manhattan soon thereafter . [ 13 ]
Only July 4 , 2010 Tynan performed `` God Bless America '' for the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park with the support of some in the local Jewish community . [ 14 ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Halfway Home : My life 'til Now . Scribner . 2002 . ISBN 0-7432-2291-1 .
Former White House press secretary Sean Spicer and Fox News host Laura Ingraham took shots at Tom Hanks after the actor said they would n't attend a White House screening of their new film , `` The Post , '' to protest President Trump .
`` I think the idea that it 's become cool to say I wo n't even show up to see the president of the United States is a sad commentary on where we are , '' Spicer told the Fox Business Network on Thursday .
Ingraham similarly lashed out at Hanks Wednesday night , saying `` one of America 's favorite actors is insulting the president , just to sell their movie . ''
`` Maybe it 's time to cast away Tom Hanks , '' the host of `` The Ingraham Angle '' quipped , referring to Hanks ' 2000 hit `` Cast Away . ''
Earlier , Hanks said they did n't think they would attend a White House screening of the film if Trump wanted one , because `` this is the moment where , in some ways , our personal choices are going to have to reflect our opinions . ''
`` I did n't think things were going to be this way last November , '' the Academy Award winner told the Hollywood Reporter Wednesday . `` I would not have been able to imagine that we would be living in a country where neo-Nazis are doing torchlight parades in Charlottesville , [ Va. ] , and jokes about Pocahontas are being made in front of the Navajo code talkers . And individually we have to decide when we take to the ramparts . ''
The hunger strike in Guantanamo detention facility enters its 150th day with prisoners accusing the guards of worsening treatment and abusive searches . Doctors urge stopping the force-feeding in the prison and more voices call to shut it down .
Follow RT 's day-by-day timeline of the Gitmo hunger strike
166 detainees are still in Guantanamo , of whom 106 are on hunger strike , of which 45 are “ on the enteral feed list ” , according to the prison 's authorities . The hunger strike began in February after guards allegedly interfered with the inmates personal belongings , including the mishandling of Korans .
Younous Chekkouri , who has spent 11 years in the jail for being a suspected terrorist despite being cleared for release in 2010 , complains to their lawyer that Guantanamo guards are now punishing them and other hunger strikers with extremely invasive body searches .
“ The searches , as they like to call them , are spreading fear and shame . Eight guards with the watch commander surround me in one room , while two of them put their hands all over me . The sexual assault has n't just happened to me . Why are they doing this ? That 's what I 'd like to know , ” they told Cori Crider , who is also the strategic director for London based legal action charity Reprieve , in a letter obtained by Al Jazeera .
Anne Richardson , a lawyer for one of the detainees , told RT in June that the inmates are being subjected to freezing temperatures in their cells and made to choose between shower and sleep , “ punished and treated like animals . ”
Ramzi Kassem , the lawyer of inmate Moath al Alawi , claimed that their client was shot in April “ for no reason ” , sustained five wounds and was denied proper medical help . This allegedly happened during a raid “ that was just one additional way that the prison administration wanted to try to break the hunger strike . ”
‘ Force feeding is aggravated assault '
Earlier this month , lawyers for Guantanamo detainees filed a motion with the US district court in Washington to stop the force feeding , claiming that it was unethical and prevented their clients from practicing their religion .
The United Nations human rights office has also condemned the practice , saying that it amounts to “ cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment ” and therefore is in breach of the UN Convention on Human Rights to which the US is a signatory .
This view was echoed by medical organizations in the US . In June , a group of Boston based medical ethicists urged the Navy doctors carrying out the force feeding to mutiny against the practice , and called on civilian doctors to support them .
“ Force-feeding a competent person is not the practice of medicine ; it is aggravated assault , ” read the article .
The pressure from medical circles is on the rise . On June 19 , over 150 doctors and medical professionals signed an open letter to Obama calling for the hunger strikers to receive independent medical care . Terry Kupers , a psychiatrist and consultant for Human Rights Watch , warned that if the hunger strike continues , the damage will be irreparable .
“ After a month or two there is deterioration of organs . For different people , it means different organs and different rate of deterioration . But yes , in the length of time these individuals have been on a hunger strike that is something one might expect to see , and that is a great tragedy , ” Kupers told RT .
Human Rights organizations including Amnesty International have also called for the practice to be stopped and argued that the only answer was to close the prison permanently , release those who have been cleared and charge those who the US military has a case against .
Of the 166 detainees , 86 have been cleared for release , while 47 others are considered too dangerous for release but are not facing prosecution , 24 more are considered eligible for prosecution and just 9 have been charged with a crime or convicted .
Hope-mongering
Obama has repeatedly said that they want to close Guantanamo , but it still remains open and the return of prisoners cleared for release has stalled to just a trickle over the last year .
“ It is expensive , it is inefficient . It hurts us in terms of our international standing . It lessens cooperation with our allies on counter-terrorism efforts . It is a recruitment tool for extremists . It needs to be closed , ” said the president in May this year .
But several factors , Obama maintains , are stopping them from closing the facility , which is tarnishing America 's reputation at home and abroad .
Rather than replace Daniel Fried , who has been in charge of trying to persuade other countries to take Guantanamo inmates cleared for release , the state department lets them keep their job .
Obama has repeatedly blamed Congress for interfering with their plan to close Guantanamo .
Congress stated in 2011 that the Defense Department had to certify that a country a prisoner was returned to was not a state sponsor of terrorism so that the individual would not be a future threat to the United States .
However , in 2012 Congress waived some restrictions – but the administration has not used the waiver or certification provisions .
“ For the past two years , our committee has worked with our Senate counterparts to ensure that the certifications necessary to transfer detainees overseas are reasonable . The administration has never certified a single transfer , ” the House Armed Services Committee Chairman Howard Mckeon , a Republican said in May .
Furthermore in 2011 Obama signed an executive order , which established extra review procedures for Guantanamo detainees to determine whether continued detention were warranted but the Period Review Boards , as they are known , have never been used .
In mid-June the US State Department appointed Cliff Sloan , a Washington lawyer , to oversee the closure of the Guantanamo Bay prison . On July 3 Sloan visited the facility assuring that `` President Obama has been very clear as they laid out the goal , and the objective is to close Guantanamo . '' They however did not speak of force-feeding in the facility – or that inmates had been in and out of the hospital , their health deteriorating due to the hunger strike .
`` I did have a chance to talk to medical officials , ” is all Sloan would say on the matter adding they gained `` a very helpful understanding from going there . ''
World rallying against Gitmo
The continuing existence of Guantanamo and the relentless hunger strike has drawn the world 's scrutiny to the cause and anti-Gitmo activism has seen a sharp spike .
Morris Davis , the former Chief Prosecutor for terrorism trials at Guantanamo Bay started an online petition hosted by the Change.org website .
The petition already has over 226,000 signatures and calls on President Obama to “ direct Secretary Chuck Hagel to use their authority to issue the certifications or national security waivers required by the National Defense Authorization Act to affect transfers from Guantanamo . ”
Davis was a Guantanamo prosecutor themselves for two years but believes the system is failing to deal with the problem of the inmates in a sensible and humane way .
“ There is something fundamentally wrong with a system where not being charged with a war crime keeps you locked away indefinitely and a war crime conviction is a ticket home , ” writes Davies in the introduction to why they started the petition .
The hacktivist group Anonymous marked the 100th day of the hunger strike by mounting an on-line attack on the facility of “ twitter storms , email bombs and fax bombs . ”
“ We stand in solidarity with the Guantanamo hunger strikers . We will shut down Guantanamo , ” a statement on the Anonymous website read .
Even hawks such as republican senator John McCain have said there was support to shut down the facility and relocate the inmates to a facility on the US mainland in Illinois .
“ There 's a renewed impetus and I think that most Americans are more ready . We 're going to have to look at the whole issue , including giving them more periodic reviews of their cases , ” they said on tour of the prison last month .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - A state-appointed team of experts unanimously concluded on Tuesday that Detroit faces a fiscal emergency , leaving Governor Rick Snyder with a controversial decision whether to appoint an emergency financial manager to force changes .
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder holds a news conference to talk about why they signed into law , earlier in the day , right-to-work laws in Lansing , Michigan December 11 , 2012 . REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
Michigan 's treasurer , Andy Dillon , who was part of the six-member review team , said they did not expect the city to be forced into filing for bankruptcy , the most-feared and most radical action that could be taken to impose a new order on Detroit 's troubled finances .
The review team appointed by Snyder said Detroit , which has been hemorrhaging cash amid a declining population and a decimated economy , has not made the financial decisions that will put the city on a path to recovery .
“ The team collectively believes the city needs assistance in making the difficult decisions necessary to achieve the significant reforms that are so crucial to the city 's long-term viability , ” Dillon said in a statement .
The report did not officially recommend the appointment of an outside manager , although Dillon said the review team believes one is needed . The team , however , felt the decision should be left up to Snyder , they said .
“ The city continues to struggle mightily beneath the weight of chronic deficits and its long-term liabilities , ” Ronald Goldsberry , an independent consultant and member of the review team , said in the statement . “ Add to the mix a city governance structure that resists meaningful , structural change , and you have what we have deemed a financial emergency . ”
The report described a chaotic administration of the city . For example , it said Police Department and city officials gave differing figures on police staffing , and the review team could not resolve the discrepancies .
“ Operational dysfunction contributes to the city 's serious financial problem , ” the report said .
Dillon said at a press conference that they did not anticipate a bankruptcy filing by Detroit , which if it were to occur would be the biggest municipal filing in U.S. history .
“ I do think we can navigate around this , ” Dillon said .
DEFICITS AND DEBT
Detroit Mayor David Bing and the city council would stand to lose much of their power if an emergency manager is appointed .
“ If the governor decides to appoint an emergency financial manager , they or she , like my administration , is going to need resources — particularly in the form of cash and additional staff , ” Bing said in a statement after the report was released .
The report said Detroit continues to deplete its cash reserves and faces a cash deficit of $ 100 million by June 30 without significant spending cuts . The city has long-term liabilities including pensions exceeding $ 14 billion , it said .
Snyder , a Republican , assembled the review team in December after slow progress on restructuring Detroit 's sagging finances and operations under an April 2012 consent agreement between the city and Michigan .
No other American city in recent decades has faced a decline in population as steep as Detroit 's . Once the fifth largest U.S. city that shined as the birthplace of the U.S. automotive industry and Motown music , it now ranks 18th with about 700,000 people . With the exodus of residents and jobs , the city has suffered from declining tax revenue and rising crime while saddled with the infrastructure and labor costs of a bygone era .
AUSTIN -- Texas House Speaker Joe Straus on Monday formed a special committee to comprehensively evaluate mental health care in the state .
The committee will study both mental health care and substance abuse treatment and will recommend ways to improve early identification , increase collaboration , boost measurement of outcomes . It will pay particular attention to services in rural parts of the state and for veterans and the homeless .
Texas has been criticized repeatedly in the past for not providing enough money to identifying and treating mental health issues . The two-year budget approved by lawmakers this year included about $ 1.8 billion for mental health services , an increase of $ 200 million from the previous budget .
`` We owe it to taxpayers to make sure the system is as effective and efficient as possible , '' said Straus , R-San Antonio , in a statement . `` The state 's approach to mental health affects everything from our hospitals to our schools to our jails , and that 's why this committee 's work is so important . ''
The committee will be chaired by Rep. Four Price , R-Amarillo . Democrat Joe Moody of El Paso will serve as vice chairperson . Houston-area members include Democrats Garnet Coleman and Senfronia Thompson and Republican Sarah Davis .
Energy density is the amount of energy stored in a given system or region of space per unit volume . Colloquially it may also be used for energy per unit mass , though the accurate term for this is specific energy . Often only the useful or extractable energy is measured , which is to say that inaccessible energy ( such as rest mass energy ) is ignored . [ 1 ] In cosmological and other general relativistic contexts , however , the energy densities considered are those that correspond to the elements of the stress–energy tensor and therefore do include mass energy as well as energy densities associated with the pressures described in the next paragraph .
Energy per unit volume has the same physical units as pressure , and in many circumstances is a synonym : for example , the energy density of a magnetic field may be expressed as ( and behaves as ) a physical pressure , and the energy required to compress a compressed gas a little more may be determined by multiplying the difference between the gas pressure and the external pressure by the change in volume . In short , pressure is a measure of the enthalpy per unit volume of a system . A pressure gradient has the potential to perform work on the surroundings by converting enthalpy to work until equilibrium is reached .
Introduction to energy density [ edit ]
There are many different types of energy stored in materials , and it takes a particular type of reaction to release each type of energy . In order of the typical magnitude of the energy released , these types of reactions are : nuclear , chemical , electrochemical , and electrical .
Nuclear reactions are used by stars and nuclear power plants , both of which derive energy from the binding energy of nuclei . Chemical reactions are used by animals to derive energy from food , and by automobiles to derive energy from gasoline . Liquid hydrocarbons ( fuels such as gasoline , diesel and kerozene ) are today the most dense way known to economically store and transport chemical energy at a very large scale ( 1 kg of diesel fuel burns with the oxygen contained in ~15 kg of air ) . Electrochemical reactions are used by most mobile devices such as laptop computers and mobile phones to release the energy from batteries .
Energy densities of common energy storage materials [ edit ]
The following is a list of the thermal energy densities ( that is to say : the amount of heat energy that can be extracted ) of commonly used or well-known energy storage materials ; it does n't include uncommon or experimental materials . Note that this list does not consider the mass of reactants commonly available such as the oxygen required for combustion or the energy efficiency in use . An extended version of this table is found at Energy density # Extended Reference Table . Major reference = [ 2 ] .
The following unit conversions may be helpful when considering the data in the table : 3.6 MJ = 1 kWh ≈ 1.34 HPh .
Energy capacities of common storage forms Storage device Energy content
( Joule ) Energy type Typical mass
( g ) Typical volume
( width × height × depth in mm ) Alkaline AA battery [ 28 ] 9,360 Electrochemical 24 14.2 × 50 Alkaline C battery [ 28 ] 34,416 Electrochemical 65 26 × 46 NiMH AA battery 9,072 Electrochemical 26 14.2 × 50 NiMH C battery 19,440 Electrochemical 82 26 × 46 Lithium-ion 18650 battery 28,800–46,800 Electrochemical 44–49 [ 29 ] 18 × 65 Potato Chip 41,900 [ 30 ] Chemical 1.89 60 × 40 × 1 Ham and Cheese Sandwich [ 31 ] 1,470,000 Chemical 145 100 × 100 × 28
Energy density in energy storage and in fuel [ edit ]
In energy storage applications the energy density relates the mass of an energy store to the volume of the storage facility , e.g . the fuel tank . The higher the energy density of the fuel , the more energy may be stored or transported for the same amount of volume . The energy density of a fuel per unit mass is called the specific energy of that fuel . In general an engine using that fuel will generate less kinetic energy due to inefficiencies and thermodynamic considerations—hence the specific fuel consumption of an engine will always be greater than its rate of production of the kinetic energy of motion .
Nuclear energy sources [ edit ]
The greatest energy source by far is mass itself . This energy , E = mc2 , where m = ρV , ρ is the mass per unit volume , V is the volume of the mass itself and c is the speed of light . This energy , however , can be released only by the processes of nuclear fission ( 0.1 % ) , nuclear fusion ( 1 % ) , or the annihilation of some or all of the matter in the volume V by matter-antimatter collisions ( 100 % ) . [ citation needed ] Nuclear reactions can not be realized by chemical reactions such as combustion . Although greater matter densities can be achieved , the density of a neutron star would approximate the most dense system capable of matter-antimatter annihilation possible . A black hole , although denser than a neutron star , does not have an equivalent anti-particle form , but would offer the same 100 % conversion rate of mass to energy in the form of Hawking radiation . In the case of relatively small black holes ( smaller than astronomical objects ) the power output would be tremendous .
The highest density sources of energy aside from antimatter are fusion and fission . Fusion includes energy from the sun which will be available for billions of years ( in the form of sunlight ) but so far ( 2018 ) , sustained fusion power production continues to be elusive .
Power from fission of uranium and thorium in nuclear power plants will be available for many decades or even centuries because of the plentiful supply of the elements on earth , [ 40 ] though the full potential of this source can only be realised through breeder reactors , which are , apart from the BN-600 reactor , not yet used commercially . [ 41 ] Coal , gas , and petroleum are the current primary energy sources in the U.S. [ 42 ] but have a much lower energy density . Burning local biomass fuels supplies household energy needs ( cooking fires , oil lamps , etc . ) worldwide .
Thermal power of nuclear fission reactors [ edit ]
The density of thermal energy contained in the core of a light water reactor ( PWR or BWR ) of typically 1 GWe ( 1 000 MW electrical corresponding to ~3 000 MW thermal ) is in the range of 10 to 100 MW of thermal energy per cubic meter of cooling water depending on the location considered in the system ( the core itself ( ~30 m3 ) , the reactor pressure vessel ( ~50 m3 ) , or the whole primary circuit ( ~300 m3 ) ) . This represents a considerable density of energy which requires under all circumstances a continuous water flow at high velocity in order to be able to remove the heat from the core , even after an emergency shutdown of the reactor . The incapacity to cool the cores of three boiling water reactors ( BWR ) at Fukushima in 2011 after the tsunami and the resulting loss of the external electrical power and of the cold source was the cause of the meltdown of the three cores in only a few hours , even though the three reactors were correctly shut down just after the Tōhoku earthquake . This extremely high power density distinguishes nuclear power plants ( NPP 's ) from any thermal power plants ( burning coal , fuel or gas ) or any chemical plants and explains the large redundancy required to permanently control the neutron reactivity and to remove the residual heat from the core of NPP 's .
Broad implications [ edit ]
Energy density differs from energy conversion efficiency ( net output per input ) or embodied energy ( the energy output costs to provide , as harvesting , refining , distributing , and dealing with pollution all use energy ) . Large scale , intensive energy use impacts and is impacted by climate , waste storage , and environmental consequences .
No single energy storage method boasts the best in specific power , specific energy , and energy density . Peukert 's Law describes how the amount of useful energy that can be obtained ( for a lead-acid cell ) depends on how quickly we pull it out . To maximize both specific energy and energy density , one can compute the specific energy density of a substance by multiplying the two values together , where the higher the number , the better the substance is at storing energy efficiently .
Alternative options are discussed for energy storage to increase energy density and decrease charging time . [ 43 ] [ 44 ] [ 45 ] [ 46 ]
Gravimetric and volumetric energy density of some fuels and storage technologies ( modified from the Gasoline article ) :
Note : Some values may not be precise because of isomers or other irregularities . See Heating value for a comprehensive table of specific energies of important fuels . Note : Also it is important to realise that generally the density values for chemical fuels do not include the weight of oxygen required for combustion . This is typically two oxygen atoms per carbon atom , and one per two hydrogen atoms . The atomic weight of carbon and oxygen are similar , while hydrogen is much lighter than oxygen . Figures are presented this way for those fuels where in practice air would only be drawn in locally to the burner . This explains the apparently lower energy density of materials that already include their own oxidiser ( such as gunpowder and TNT ) , where the mass of the oxidiser in effect adds dead weight , and absorbs some of the energy of combustion to dissociate and liberate oxygen to continue the reaction . This also explains some apparent anomalies , such as the energy density of a sandwich appearing to be higher than that of a stick of dynamite .
Energy densities ignoring external components [ edit ]
This table lists energy densities of systems that require external components , such as oxidisers or a heat sink or source . These figures do not take into account the mass and volume of the required components as they are assumed to be freely available and present in the atmosphere . Such systems can not be compared with self-contained systems . These values may not be computed at the same reference conditions .
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n Technically the actual value of the fuel alone is half the number indicated , because in order to burn the fuel must be mixed with 2 parts oxygen to 1 part fuel . In an oxygen-free environment the actual value is 0 as the fuel will not burn at all .
Divide joule/m3 by 109 to get MJ/L . Divide MJ/L by 3.6 to get kWh/L .
Energy density of electric and magnetic fields [ edit ]
Electric and magnetic fields store energy . In a vacuum , the ( volumetric ) energy density is given by
u = ε 0 2 E 2 + 1 2 μ 0 B 2 { \displaystyle u= { \frac { \varepsilon _ { 0 } } { 2 } } \mathbf { E } ^ { 2 } + { \frac { 1 } { 2\mu _ { 0 } } } \mathbf { B } ^ { 2 } }
where E is the electric field and B is the magnetic field . The solution will be ( in SI units ) in Joules per cubic metre . In the context of magnetohydrodynamics , the physics of conductive fluids , the magnetic energy density behaves like an additional pressure that adds to the gas pressure of a plasma .
In normal ( linear and nondispersive ) substances , the energy density ( in SI units ) is
u = 1 2 ( E ⋅ D + H ⋅ B ) { \displaystyle u= { \frac { 1 } { 2 } } ( \mathbf { E } \cdot \mathbf { D } +\mathbf { H } \cdot \mathbf { B } ) }
where D is the electric displacement field and H is the magnetizing field .
In the case of absence of magnetic fields , by exploting Fröhlich 's relationships it is also possible to extend these equations to anisotropy and nonlinearity dielectrics , as well as to calculate the correlated Helmholtz free energy and entropy densities . [ 71 ]
See also [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
“ Largest Solar Power Plant in World ” Now Under Construction , & Largest Solar PV Plant in North America Now in Operation
May 16th , 2012 by Zachary Shahan
Largest Solar Power Plant in World ?
Now , however , I 'm a little confused about a recent MidAmerican Solar and First Solar statement saying that “ the largest solar electric power plant in the world , ” a 550-megawatt ( MW ) photovoltaic project in San Luis Obispo County , Calif. known as Topaz Solar Farms , was under construction . Why ? Well , Mathias noted last month that India just dedicated a 600-MW solar power plant . Maybe I 'm missing something ?
Nonetheless , the 550-MW project is huge by current solar power standards . The project , which will create about 400 jobs and “ generate nearly $ 417 million in local economic impact ” in the three years it will take to be built , will supply enough power for about 160,000 California homes when completed . For more information on this project , check the news release linked above .
Largest North American Solar Power Plant in Operation
In addition to Topaz Solar Farms , First Solar , MidAmerican Solar , and NRG Energy also announced that North America 's largest photovoltaic ( PV ) power plant is now in operation .
The first 100 MW of the 290-MW ( AC ) Agua Caliente solar project inYuma County , Ariz. are now delivering electricity to the grid .
Once completed , the companies state that the project will be able to deliver power to about 225,000 homes ( I guess Arizona homes are quite a bit less energy-hungry than California homes ) . Construction of this solar farm is also creating about 400 jobs , about 80 % of which are Arizona jobs .
“ Getting to this milestone of our first 100 megawatts at Agua Caliente illustrates the success of public-private partnerships to stimulate the construction of these large-scale solar projects , creating hundreds of construction jobs and providing clean , renewable power to thousands of homes , ” said Tom Doyle , president of NRG Solar . “ Large-scale projects like this also help drive down the price of solar , which will make it even more cost-competitive with conventional electricity generation in the near future . ”
For more information on this story , check the First Solar news release . You may also enjoy this Agua Caliente video :
Images via First Solar
Vandals in recent weeks have been targeting Fall River 's Iwo Jima monument at Bicentennial Park .
FALL RIVER — Vandals in recent weeks have been targeting Fall River 's Iwo Jima monument at Bicentennial Park .
Over the past few months , people have damaged two light fixtures on the grass adjacent to the monument . They also smashed a light on top of the iconic sculpture that illuminates the outlines of the six Marines who raised the U.S. flag atop Mount Suribachi during the Battle of Iwo Jima in World War II .
Last week , the suspects even smashed a plastic enclosure that stored a Purple Heart Medal and a vial that contained sand from Iwo Jima .
“ This has just been an ongoing problem . Some people just have no respect for anything , ” said Bruce Aldrich , commandant of the Marine Corps League of Somerset .
“ People just do n't know how lucky Fall River is to have that monument there , ” Aldrich said .
The 30-foot bronze and granite monument rests in the park on the city 's waterfront . The names of hundreds of veterans have been imprinted on bricks and benches surrounding the memorial . Ceremonies are routinely held at the monument 's base on holidays such as Memorial Day and Veterans Day .
The Fall River monument was dedicated in 2005 . It is based on the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial national monument in Arlington , Virginia . There are other similar statues around the country , including Hawaii , South Carolina , Florida and Texas .
Aldrich said the vandalism has been reported to the Fall River Police Department , and they hope that anyone who sees suspicious activity around the monument will call police .
Anyone with information is urged to contact the Fall River Police Department 's Major Crimes Division at 508-324-2796 , or call the police department 's anonymous tips line at 508-672-TIPS .
NORTH Melbourne forward Aaron Black wo n't be up for grabs when the NAB AFL Trade Period opens on Monday morning despite reports Fremantle will make a renewed push to lure the West Australian home .
News Limited reported on Saturday night that Fremantle had approached North this week about Black and would attempt to broker a trade when the clubs met for official trade talks on Monday .
However , Black 's manager , Jason Dover of Stride Sports Management , told AFL.com.au on Sunday their client would not be going anywhere .
`` With Jarrad Waite coming to the club , we have spoken to the Kangaroos about how that might affect Aaron 's role in the team , '' Dover said .
`` We 've been assured that Aaron very much remains a required player and is seen as a vital part of North 's future plans in attack .
`` I understand there was an approach from Fremantle about Aaron , but North have said there is zero chance of a trade being done . ''
Fremantle came close to prying Black from Arden Street at the end of last season , but North eventually re-signed them to the end of 2017 .
Black had been struggling with homesickness at the time , but North came up with a plan that allowed the forward to spend more time with their WA-based family .
Black kicked 33 goals in 18 games in a breakthrough 2013 season . They played every game this season , but kicked just 26 goals in 25 games as they struggled with form and a shoulder injury .
North coach Brad Scott said last month that the athletic 192cm forward brought unique attributes to the Roos ' attack .
Essendon midfielder in limbo
Out-of-contract Bomber Ben Howlett remains undecided on their future on the eve of trade period .
AFL.com.au understands Howlett has recently received an improved contract offer from Essendon , but that the parties remain some way apart from agreeing to a deal .
Reports have linked the former Peel Thunder player to West Coast and Fremantle .
Although both WA clubs are interested in Howlett , AFL.com.au understands that if they are to leave Essendon they are most likely to join one of a number of interested Victorian clubs .
The uncertainty surrounding the future of Essendon coach James Hird is further clouding Howlett 's decision .
It is believed Hird is a major supporter of Howlett 's and that the club 's looming call on the embattled coach 's future will be a major factor in the 25-year-old midfielder 's decision .
Bomber Ben Howlett 's future is clouded . Picture : AFL Media
Saints ' pick No.1
Talks around St Kilda 's coveted No.1 draft pick stalled over the weekend and AFL.com.au understands the club is yet to field any firm offers from rival clubs .
The Saints remain keen on Greater Western Sydney youngsters Kristian Jaksch and Jono O'Rourke , but it is understood they want to keep any trade negotiations around the GWS pair separate from talks on the No.1 pick .
Carlton has firmed as the frontrunner to secure versatile key-position player Jaksch after on the opening day of the free agency period .
The Saints face stiff competition from Hawthorn in the race for midfielder O'Rourke . It is believed 2012 's No . 2 draft pick is still weighing up which club they will nominate as their preferred new home .
Greenwood a key signing for North
North Melbourne 's excitement over signing free agents Jarrad Waite and Shaun Higgins on Friday was tempered by the fact remained out of contract despite protracted negotiations .
Greenwood was a very popular third-placegetter in the Roos ' best and fairest count on Friday night , but the North faithful hoping for news of the midfielder 's re-signing left disappointed and a little worried , especially given reports that Collingwood , the Western Bulldogs and , to a lesser extent , Richmond were circling Greenwood .
However , North coach Brad Scott told ABC Radio on Saturday that the club regarded Greenwood as `` a critical signing '' and was hopeful the 25-year-old would accept an improved contract offer .
`` [ Our ] offer probably has changed a little bit because he 's come off a pretty lean two-year period before this year , '' Scott said .
`` Contract negotiations through the club started early this year and clearly their form has warranted an increase in both financial terms and contract length .
`` We think we 've got a really good offer in front of them at the moment and we 're really hopeful he 'll accept that . ''
West Coast tall in demand
It is understood clubs have made inquiries about West Coast ruckman Callum Sinclair as the number of big men in trade discussions continues to grow .
Sinclair signed a new two-year contract with the Eagles in July , but they would likely remain behind big men Nic Naitanui and Scott Lycett in the pecking order next season .
Patrick Ryder ( Essendon ) and Daniel Gorringe ( Gold Coast ) , GWS ' Jonathan Giles , Hawthorn 's Luke Lowden and , possibly , Fremantle 's Jonathon Griffin .
In addition to the Power , who are seeking much-needed support for ruckman Matthew Lobbe , Adelaide is among other clubs looking to bolster their ruck divisions , with Essendon ( if they lose Ryder ) , the Sydney Swans and Western Bulldogs also chances to explore trades . Talks around St Kilda 's coveted No.1 draft pick stalled over the weekend andunderstands the club is yet to field any firm offers from rival clubs.The Saints remain keen on Greater Western Sydney youngstersand , but it is understood they want to keep any trade negotiations around the GWS pair separate from talks on the No.1 pick.Carlton has firmed as the frontrunner to secure versatile key-position player Jaksch after losing tall forward Jarrad Waite on the opening day of the free agency period.The Saints face stiff competition from Hawthorn in the race for midfielder O'Rourke . It is believed 2012 's No . 2 draft pick is still weighing up which club they will nominate as their preferred new home.North Melbourne 's excitement over signing free agents Jarrad Waite and Shaun Higgins on Friday was tempered by the fact rejuvenated midfielder Levi Greenwood remained out of contract despite protracted negotiations.Greenwood was a very popular third-placegetter in the Roos ' best and fairest count on Friday night , but the North faithful hoping for news of the midfielder 's re-signing left disappointed and a little worried , especially given reports that Collingwood , the Western Bulldogs and , to a lesser extent , Richmond were circling Greenwood.However , North coach Brad Scott told ABC Radio on Saturday that the club regarded Greenwood as `` a critical signing '' and was hopeful the 25-year-old would accept an improved contract offer . `` [ Our ] offer probably has changed a little bit because he 's come off a pretty lean two-year period before this year , '' Scott said . `` Contract negotiations through the club started early this year and clearly their form has warranted an increase in both financial terms and contract length . `` We think we 've got a really good offer in front of them at the moment and we 're really hopeful he 'll accept that . `` It is understood clubs have made inquiries about West Coast ruckmanas the number of big men in trade discussions continues to grow.Sinclair signed a new two-year contract with the Eagles in July , but they would likely remain behind big men Nic Naitanui and Scott Lycett in the pecking order next season . Other ruckman looking for new homes this trade period include Port Adelaide targets ( Essendon ) and ( Gold Coast ) , GWS ' , Hawthorn'sand , possibly , Fremantle'sIn addition to the Power , who are seeking much-needed support for ruckman Matthew Lobbe , Adelaide is among other clubs looking to bolster their ruck divisions , with Essendon ( if they lose Ryder ) , the Sydney Swans and Western Bulldogs also chances to explore trades .
North Melbourne 's Aaron Mullett has been linked with Collingwood . Picture : AFL Media
“ Did you know Mr. Flynn was lying to Vice President Mike Pence about their calls to Russia ? Did you know Mr. Flynn misled Vice President Pence on the matter of their son 's security clearance ?
“ Do you have any knowledge , direct or indirect , whether Mr. Trump 's lawyer Michael Cohen , or any member of their family , traveled out of the country to meet with Russians during the campaign ? Do you have knowledge of whether Mr. Cohen , or any Trump associate , directly or through shell companies , made payments either to hackers or to internet companies that ran a botnet of fake accounts and websites on behalf of Russia ? ”
On Nov. 7 , I reported that sources had told me of the existence of a FISA warrant targeting two Russia-linked banks . That warrant gave permission for the communications of American citizens that were incidentally collected as part of that investigation to be examined . ( I did not report the existence of a wiretap , nor do I have any knowledge of such . )
This is an issue of the utmost consequence . If Mr. Trump 's tweet alleging that Trump Tower was wiretapped on the orders of President Barack Obama was untrue , Mr. Trump is guilty of a slur . If , however , the president tweeted real news , they revealed the existence of intercepts that cover members of their team in a continuing investigation . That would be obstruction of justice , potentially an impeachable offense .
The framing of the committee 's questions matters immensely . Legally , witnesses can not confirm or deny even the existence of a current national security investigation . The very mention of a “ FISA warrant ” would allow Mr . Sessions to avoid the substance by excusing themselves from commenting . Committee members must therefore word their questions without reference to any case . I would simply ask Mr . Sessions this :
“ Was the president 's tweet about a wiretap at Trump Tower , to your knowledge , illegal ? If so , to whom have you reported this offense ?
“ To your knowledge , did any person illegally inform the president that there was a wiretap at Trump Tower ? ”
The president 's unwillingness to answer questions about contacts between their campaign team and Russian officials , and the pattern of contradictory and misleading statements on those contacts , are toxic . Never in American history has a president been suspected of collaborating with a hostile foreign power to win an election . The founders provided three equal branches of government to protect the republic . The American people now depend on the House committee to do its job and uncover the truth .
Car2go , the car-sharing service offering one-way trips in cities , needed five years to sign up its first million members . The second million required only 21 months .
Car2go , a Daimler subsidiary that launched in 2009 , announced Tuesday that it has reached the two million member milestones . Every 1.5 seconds a member takes a trip in one of its 14,000 vehicles in 30 cities across nine countries .
The company does n't say if it 's profitable , but the rapid uptick in membership points to a broad enthusiasm for the sharing economy , and a shift in how the world accesses transportation .
Related : How car-sharing is already helping cities with their transit issues
With Car2go , customers paying a one-time $ 35 membership fee can rent a vehicle parked on a nearby public street and leave it elsewhere in their city . There 's no need to reserve a vehicle ahead of time , or return it to a designated parking lot . Car2go cuts deals with local governments so that its vehicles can be parked in public spots .
The company began service in its first Asian city , Chongqing , in April . The interest in China has been unprecedented -- Car2go has signed up 113,000 customers in less than six months . The membership base in Chongqing has nearly surpassed Car2go 's fifth most popular city , Vancouver , which launched in April 2011 .
The company 's most popular cities are Berlin and Hamburg , both of which have more than 130,000 members .
Car2go 's fleet of vehicles are mostly two-seater Smart cars . They leave little room for cargo , but are easy to park in cities . The company has branched out some , adding four-door Mercedes-Benz sedans and SUVs in its European fleet .
Kentucky Education Development Corporation Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA
Pannell Swim Shop Proud Sponsor of KHSAA and Title Sponsor of the Pannell Swim Shop/KHSAA State Swimming and Diving
Eastern Kentucky University Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA
Raffertys Restaurants Proud Sponsor of the KHSAA and Restaurant Partner of the KHSAA
KY High School Coaches Association Proud Sponsor of the KHSAA and Kentucky\ 's Oldest Coaches Association
Kentucky Utilities Silver Level Corporate Partner and Sponsor of the KU Sweet 16 @ Network
Midway University Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA
Dutchs Chevy/Ford Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA for more than twenty-five years !
Russell Athletic Gold Level Corporate Partner and Title Sponsor of the Russell Athletic/KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron Bowl
Tanner Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA
Subway Restaurants Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA and Official Restaurant Partner
Huddle High School Tickets Proud to be Ticket Partner for the KHSAA
Leachman Buick/GMC/Cadilac Proud Sponsor of KHSAA and Title Sponsor of the Leachman/KHSAA State Golf
Baden Proud Sponsor of the KHSAA and the Official Ball of KHSAA Volleyball
Prairie Farms Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA
St. Elizabeth Healthcare Gold Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA and Title Sponsor of the St. Elizabeth Healthcare/KHSAA Girls\ ' Sweet Sixteen®
Ted Cook Tire Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA for more than 25 years !
UK Health Care Silver Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA
Whitaker Bank Platinum Level Corporate Partner of the KHSAA and Title Sponsor of the Whitaker Bank/KHSAA Boys\ ' Sweet Sixteen® and Whitake
Musco Lighting Proud Sponsor of the KHSAA and Official Lighting Partner of the KHSAA
Early years Edit
Kaaya attended Chaminade College Preparatory School in West Hills , Los Angeles , California , where they played high school football for the Eagles . As a senior , they threw for a school-record 3,855 yards and 27 touchdowns . During their high school career , they threw for 5,730 yards and 40 touchdowns while leading their school to their first ever CIF and CA State Championship ( 2013 ) . They were ranked by the Rivals.com recruiting network as the eighth best pro-style quarterback recruit in their class and was also a member of Nike 's Elite 11 , showcasing the top 11 QB recruits in the nation . [ 1 ]
College career Edit
Professional career Edit
Personal life Edit
Kaaya 's mother , Angela Means Kaaya , is a vegan cook and former actor , who is best known for their role as Felisha in the 1995 classic film Friday as well as Veda in House Party 3 and Aunt Vanessa in the TV series Cousin Skeeter . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] Their father Brad Kaaya Sr. coached them in Pop Warner football and is a former screenwriter who wrote for the film O and the TV series Cousin Skeeter , Damon , and MADtv . [ 19 ] Their surname originates from Tanzania . [ 20 ]
In 2006 , 15-year-old Rennie Gibbs became pregnant . They tested positive for marijuana and cocaine during their pregnancy . Them daughter Samiya was born a month premature , with the umbilical cord wrapped around their neck . An autopsy on the child found traces of a cocaine byproduct , and Rennie was charged with what Mississippi calls “ depraved heart murder , ” a second-degree murder charge used in cases when an unintended death results from an act “ eminently dangerous to others ” committed with a “ depraved ” disregard for human life . * Gibbs 's case has wound its way through the legal system , and it is still unclear whether they will go on trial this spring ; but if they do , Gibbs , now 23 , will face the threat of life in prison .
These are the facts . Heartbreaking personal stories lie behind them , and broader societal stories as well . The story of Rennie and Samiya Gibbs is a story of a prosecutor with a cavalier approach to evidence ; a story of scapegoating and the inability to accept tragedy ; a story of the police state created by what Jim Henley calls “ the war on some drugs ” ; and a story , too , about legal attempts to protect the unborn . “ We can love them both ” is one of the more inspiring slogans of the pro-life movement . What would loving them both look like , for Rennie and Samiya ? I 'm pretty sure “ life in prison ” is not the answer .
A Corruption Story
Medical examiner Steven Hayne is the one whose autopsy found cocaine byproducts in Samiya 's body . Their evidence led prosecutor Forest Allgood to seek the murder charge—despite the fact that umbilical cord compression is not linked to maternal cocaine use , and is the obvious cause of death in this case .
Criminal-justice journalist Radley Balko has been following Hayne and Allgood for years . He 's truffled up a lot of dropped cases , a lot of sketchy medical evidence , even some grim absurdity :
Allgood and Hayne go way back . Lloyd White , who served as Mississippi state medical examiner in the early 1990s , told me in 2007 that when they were in office — and at least in theory was in charge of overseeing state autopsies in criminal cases — Allgood once removed a body from their lab without their permission . White was n't ready to tell Allgood what they wanted to hear about how the woman had died , so Allgood had the body taken from White 's office and delivered to Hayne , who gave Allgood the expert opinion they were seeking .
The image of a prosecutor sneaking a corpse from a lab has a certain Victorian madness to it—but there are men on death row because of Steven Hayne and their willingness to massage the evidence to get a conviction . Balko writes ,
Hayne performed the vast majority of autopsies in Mississippi for nearly 20 years precisely because they provided opinions and testimonies that prosecutors found favorable . It was all by design . When state medical examiners attempted to rein Hayne in , the state 's district attorneys and coroners rallied behind him . They in fact forced two state medical examiners to resign .
A Tragic Story
Balko also notes , “ When babies die in Mississippi , the state 's prosecutors seem particularly determined to see that someone goes to prison for it , even if there is n't much evidence of a crime . ”
The death of an infant is an unthinkably painful event . It 's hard to understand how such things could happen . The constant barrage of “ studies ” and pop-sci magazine articles about which foods you can eat while pregnant , which activities are good for baby or bad , represents one way we attempt to control the uncontrollable . If I do everything exactly right , I will be safe .
Finding a villain is the other way . If Samiya 's death is Rennie 's fault , then my baby will be safe . Stillbirth makes a conceptual shift : from a tragedy which could happen to any woman into a crime which can be prevented by right action . In the emotional calculus , the incredible harshness of punishment—the life sentence—serves to mark out the event as exceptional , as if stillbirth is possible only because of a criminal 's depravity . The more Rennie is punished , the more their misery seems like something which could never happen to the rest of us . I 'm not the kind of person who gets life in prison , so my baby will be okay .
Stillbirth can happen to any woman . But it happens much more often if you 're poor . The quicker prosecutors are to assume that a stillbirth was caused by maternal negligence , the more poor women will be punished for what is already a catastrophic sorrow .
A Drug War Story
Is this even a story about fetal harm ? After all , Drug War hysteria has led to children being taken from their mothers due to only the flimsiest of evidence . Nobody disputes the human rights of an already-born child . And this is what the Drug War looks like :
[ D ] rug-testing women right after birth and then removing the babies after positive results is a pretty awful way to address the issue . These tests can and do produce false positives ( as do drug tests on infants themselves . ) And as with most drug war policies , minority and low-income women are far more likely be tested than white and wealthy women . A study of hospitals in Florida found that the discrepancy extends to reporting women as well — even among women who tested positive , hospital staff were 10 times more likely to report the positive tests from black women to state authorities than the positive tests from white women . And in some states , the penalties can be quite a bit worse — pregnant women and new mothers who fail drug tests can be arrested and prosecuted for child abuse .
That 's Balko again , who notes :
None of this is to diminish the seriousness of babies born with addiction . Despite the history of exaggerated media reports on both the prevalence and effects of babies born with a drug addiction , they 're obviously less healthy than babies born without an addiction . They still require more treatment and care . And no one would argue that a new mother with a drug habit presents all sorts of problems for both mother and child . But even if these tests were 100 percent accurate , treating both patients for addiction seems like a far more humane policy than yanking a newborn from their mother 's arms — or sending the mother to prison .
So is the story of Rennie Gibbs basically a story of the Drug War 's pressure to approach addiction as a crime like rape or robbery , rather than a condition ( often medical , sometimes spiritual , sometimes both ) to be treated ? Is this solely the story of attempting to solve suffering by prosecuting the sufferers ? Or does this case hold implications for the pro-life movement as well ?
A Child 's Story
I believe it does . Basic biology plus an unwillingness to deprive any individual of human rights lead me to believe that unborn children deserve to be , in Fr . Richard John Neuhaus 's words , “ protected in law and welcomed in life. ” The humanity , dignity , and beauty of the unborn child–from the moment of conception–seem obvious to me .
And even those who would not extend human rights to all of us from the moment of our conception do generally believe that a child one month shy of birth deserves protection . At some point in the process of fetal development , almost all of us eventually become pro-life .
Yet figuring out how to protect the unborn is n't simple . Forest Allgood did n't need any special legal protections for the unborn to charge Rennie Gibbs—he just charged them with straight-up murder . But laws directly intended to prevent women from acting in ways which harm their unborn children are one way in which states are trying to protect the unborn as much as Roe allows .
And these fetal harm laws , however well-meaning , suggest a slippery slope toward precisely Rennie Gibbs 's predicament . Criminal investigations into every miscarriage , heavy sentences for women caught smoking a single joint or struggling to quit cigarettes , legal penalties for failing to follow every jot of the ever-shifting “ expert opinion ” on pregnancy : The closer this world seems , the less willing abortion-rights supporters will be to even consider the humanity of the unborn . And some women have already slipped to the bottom of the slope . As a recent story on the Gibbs case notes ,
Moreover , what pro-lifers should want most is for women who may harm their unborn children to seek help . In the case of the unborn child , mom and baby must be helped together , since they ca n't be separated . Offering treatment without prosecution or judgment is by far the best way to serve the unborn children of addicted mothers . Threatening prosecution if you miscarry , by contrast , makes it much less likely that women will seek help .
I 'm increasingly aware of just how much suffering and sin is caused by our belief that the world is hard and merciless . This belief—which can express itself as despair , or as the fearful drive to protect oneself above all else—makes it impossible to trust others . It makes social solidarity and even marriage extraordinarily difficult . The belief that we will be brutally punished if we set a foot out of line , that nobody will look out for us or help us or try to understand where we 're coming from , promotes abortion . It fuels addiction , by making us unwilling to admit where we 're needy , weak , or at fault .
People believe in the merciless world because that 's what they see and experience . Cases like Rennie Gibbs 's serve as evidence for the mercilessness of contemporary America . This prosecution harms not only Gibbs and their family—although that would be bad enough—but all of us .
Follow @ evetushnet
* a previous version of this article described Renee 's charge as murder , and “ depraved heart murder ” as “ signifying an especially callous crime ” ; This may have been misleading , as they have not been charged with first-degree murder , and their charge acknowledges the unintentional nature of the death .
The LG G2 is expected to receive Google 's upcoming mobile operating system , Android L , which is currently available as a Developer Preview version for the Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 , according to reports .
LG was reportedly not having any plans to bring a new look to the LG G2 . But the design awards won by LG G3 's new interface , Smart Keyboard and KnockCode features have prompted the company to revise its strategy .
LG now plans an update for the LG G2 that will bring a new look as well as features , reports PhoneArena , quoting TuttoAndroid .
A similar source has revealed that the LG G2 will also be upgraded to Android L next year .
LG has not provided any information as to when the company plans to roll out Android L for LG G3 users , reports TechRadar .
The company released Android 4.4 KitKat update for LG G2 about four months after the update was launched .
Going by this , the LG G3 is expected to get Android L update early next year .
Other LG line-ups such as LG G2 , LG G2 Mini and LG G3 Beat are also expected to run on Google 's latest Android software .
AC Transit Bus Rapid Transit Project Clears Major Milestone
News Articles
01/24/2014
Major Milestone for BRT Project That Will Ease Traffic Congestion , Stimulate Local Economy , and Reduce Commute Times & Emissions
With a similar agreement with the City of San Leandro already in place , AC Transit and the City of Oakland have come to terms on the agency 's Bus Rapid Transit Project ( BRT ) , eliminating the last major obstacle between concept and construction . After weeks of discussion , the parties endorsed the East Bay Bus Rapid Transit Operations and Maintenance Agreement ( O & M ) , which outlines specific responsibilities once the BRT service begins .
The BRT will cruise the 9.5-mile stretch from downtown Oakland to San Leandro BART via Broadway , International Boulevard and East 14th Street . The project will make bus transit more efficient and cleaner with dedicated bus lanes , improved street lighting and crosswalks , artistic enhancements , signal priority , elevated boarding stations and more .
Along with bringing a new look to the corridor , the BRT will create more than 1,000 jobs during its construction phase and help stimulate businesses along the street for years to come . The new bus service will provide one of the busiest traffic corridors in the Bay Area with a fast , economical and environmentally friendly transportation system .
“ As partners , the District and the City of Oakland have worked hand-in-hand toward building and operating these new transit stations and the host of amenities that will improve the look and safety along this corridor , ” said AC Transit General Manager David Armijo .
The BRT project will invest $ 178 million in traffic improvements , parking and beautification efforts to dramatically enhance the densely populated , well-worn corridor .
“ AC Transit 's approval of the operations and maintenance agreement is a huge milestone for the BRT project , which will be one of the largest investments we have ever seen in East Oakland , ” said Oakland City Councilman Noel Gallo who represents much of the area and helped shape the agreement . “ The City of Oakland looks forward to expanding our working relationship with AC Transit for the benefit of the residents of Oakland . We look forward to the positive transformation that the BRT will bring to International Boulevard . ”
BRT construction will begin this year . The service will be fully implemented in 2017 .
About the Bus Rapid Transit Project ( BRT )
AC Transit 's vision is to provide a truly world-class transit service that is convenient , reliable and safe ; one that increases mobility , enhances the quality of life and improves the health of the environment throughout the communities it serves . Bus Rapid Transit would be a high-capacity rapid transit system that reduces travel times . With dedicated lanes and signal priority , and prominent stations with convenient boarding of buses , BRT would offer residents a viable alternative to driving on congested city streets . It would reduce traffic levels , significantly cutting emissions and pollutants . Bus Rapid Transit is essentially light rail without the tracks . It combines the speed and capacity of light rail with the convenience and affordability of riding the bus . It can be planned and built at much less expense , and more quickly , than traditional light rail systems .
The finding that the latest version of the The finding that the latest version of the injected male contraceptive is now very effective is fantastic news . In a trial of 320 men , researchers found that , over a one-year period , it was 96 per cent effective in preventing pregnancy . A spokesperson for the World Health Organisation said : “ The study found it is possible to have a hormonal contraceptive for men that reduces the risk of unplanned pregnancies in the partners of men who use it . ”
But the trial of the drug has already been halted – because just 20 of the men ( out of 320 , do n't forget ) found the side effects of the injection intolerable and it was decided that more research needed to be done to try and counteract them . Those side effects included depression , muscle pain , mood swings , acne and changes to the libido .
Do any of those side effects sound familiar ? Oh yes , they 're the minor side effects of the combined pill , used by 48 per cent of women aged 16 to 19 , 64 per cent of women aged between 20 and 24 and a majority ( 55 per cent ) of those aged between 25 and 29 .
How sad for these poor men – they could n't handle the side effects that so many women have to deal with every day just to avoid an unwanted pregnancy . Women have had to bear the responsibility of How sad for these poor men – they could n't handle the side effects that so many women have to deal with every day just to avoid an unwanted pregnancy . Women have had to bear the responsibility of contraception since the pill was first launched in 1962 – and all of the side effects that go along with it .
When it comes to contraception , medicine is clearly biased towards men . Women can have such ailments as depression and acne thrust upon them for the greater good of preventing an unwanted pregnancy , but the same level of discomfort can not be expected of men . Researchers are now going to spend millions trying to alter this medication so that its side effects are lessened .
Only 20 of the men surveyed said that they could n't handle the side effects – more than 75 per cent said they would happily use the contraception . Because 20 men were n't happy , the entire trial has been halted .
 Play Video  Play  Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded : 0 % Progress : 0 % Stream Type LIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1  Chapters Chapters descriptions off , selected Descriptions  subtitles off , selected Subtitles  captions settings , opens captions settings dialog
captions settings caption off , selected Captions  Fullscreen This is a modal window . Foreground -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Opaque Background -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50 % 75 % 100 % 125 % 150 % 175 % 200 % 300 % 400 % Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done Stopping sperm with the flick of a switch
Let 's review this in context . One of the most dangerous risks to women of taking the combined pill is the increased risk of deep vein thrombosis ( DVT ) , which can be fatal . It affects two in 10,000 women . Young women 's lives have been cut short because they were taking the pill . The advice from the regulatory agency ? “ The benefits outweigh the risks . ”
There is also an increased risk of breast cancer : one in eight women get breast cancer , and it is responsible for 31 deaths in Britain every day . Then there 's the higher chance of getting cervical cancer or having a stroke , not to mention mood swings , cramps , sore breasts , headaches , migraines , weight gain , heavy and painful periods , no periods at all , bleeding every single day ( known spotting ) – do I need to go on ?
 Julie Houts on modern love - In pictures  
 10 show all   Julie Houts on modern love - In pictures
  1/10 Julie Houts
2/10 Julie Houts
3/10 Julie Houts
4/10 Julie Houts
5/10
6/10 Julie Houts
7/10 Julie Houts
8/10 `` When u on a # tinder date and he 's pretending they know a lot about wine . '' Julie Houts
9/10 `` The one where i practiced balancing olives on my nose while they went outside for a 40 minute conference call . 😌🍸 '' Julie Houts
10/10 Julie Houts
The risks of the combined pill are numerous , and taking it is not a pleasant thing . But women have taken this burden on for more than 50 years to allow their relationships to develop without the risk of pregnancy . It is offensive and inconsiderate that researchers are halting a major trial of a male contraception because of a few minor – yes , they are minor , and if you 're a woman complaining about them , that 's what your GP will most certainly tell you – side effects .
I do n't blame the men who dropped out of the trial for doing so . I blame the medical establishment for treating women like cattle who can deal with the risk of cancer and blood clots to avoid the world being populated by unwanted babies , yet are n't willing to let men suffer even a slight headache to the same end .
For women , the alternatives to the combined pill are not much better . The mini pill does n't provide as much of a risk , as it is n't jam-packed full of oestrogen , yet you can end up with irregular bleeding or no periods at all – unnerving for many , especially when you 're trying to avoid an unplanned pregnancy . The depo injection is renowned for irregular bleeding – some people bleed every single day on it – and it can not be reversed . If its side effects are intolerable , you have to sit it out for three months . The implant is also renowned for its disruption to the menstrual cycle – plus , you have to have a stick jammed in your arm . Let 's not even start on the coil ( a bit of copper shoved into your uterus through your vagina and cervix without any pain relief , anyone ? ) .
It 's enough to make you consider that remaining celibate – or even having a child – could be viable options .
 Play Video  Play  Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded : 0 % Progress : 0 % Stream Type LIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1  Chapters Chapters descriptions off , selected Descriptions  subtitles off , selected Subtitles  captions settings , opens captions settings dialog
captions settings caption off , selected Captions  Fullscreen This is a modal window . Foreground -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Opaque Background -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window -- - White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan -- - Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50 % 75 % 100 % 125 % 150 % 175 % 200 % 300 % 400 % Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done What if men had periods ?
The halting of the male contraceptive trial is not justified . Unless the researchers produce evidence that this injection increases the risk of death , cancer – or any side effect with a disproportionately higher risk than the forms of contraception billions of women are already using – they are courting controversy .
I 've never been of the school of thought that science is biased against women . Usually , I 'm the one defending it . But this is taking the biscuit . Women make up half the population in this country , and half the partnership responsible for every unplanned child – and it 's time someone gave us a break when it comes to contraception .
OTTAWA , Canada — Canadian Senator Romeo Dallaire , the former UN peacekeeping force commander who tried to stop the 1990s genocide in Rwanda , has said that Iran 's current actions against Baha'is reminded them of what they witnessed in Africa .
`` The similarities with what I saw in Rwanda are absolutely unquestionable , equal ... and in fact applied with seemingly the same verve , '' said Senator Dallaire .
`` We are witnessing a slow-motion rehearsal for genocide , '' they warned .
Senator Dallaire 's remarks came as part of a Senate inquiry into the persecution of Iranian Baha'is . The imprisonment of Baha'is for no reason other than their belief , they told the Senate , is comparable with the Rwandan situation .
Read Senator Dallaire 's speech here .
`` ( T ) he prisons of Rwanda were filled with Tutsi people for almost the same reasons , except their crime was based on their ethnicity , rather than their religion , '' they said .
Another parallel can be found in the persecution of Baha ' i educators who try to teach young community members in the face of government efforts to ban them from university .
`` Any Iranian who identifies as Baha ' i is barred from higher education , from holding a position in the government , or from partaking in the political process , '' they said .
`` These attacks against the Baha ' i leaders and teachers are troubling enough as human rights violations . However , they are even more disturbing because they took place in the context of the Iranian state 's severe repression of the entire Baha ' i community . A similar scenario played out in Rwanda where the Tutsi ethnic minority was not allowed access to higher education in their country . They had to leave the country in order to access higher education . ''
In 1994 , Senator Dallaire commanded the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda that was ultimately unsuccessful in preventing the mass slaying of an estimated 800,000 Rwandans . They have since become honored and respected around the world for their humanitarian work and their courageous defense of people under threat . They have also been a member of the UN Secretary General 's Advisory Committee on Genocide Prevention .
When the facts and trends of the persecution of Iranian Baha'is are put together , they said , it amounts at a minimum to something they called `` ideological genocide . ''
`` An essential element of ideological genocide is the intent to destroy , in whole or in part , the Baha ' i community as a separate religious entity . It is this intent ... that requires our urgent and deliberate attention . ''
Beyond that , they said , there remains the possibility of mass atrocities if Iran 's repression of Baha'is is not checked .
`` The alarming increase in incarceration among the Baha'is and , most particularly , among their leadership , the disproportionate sentences and unreasonable bail and the vile propaganda that paints Baha'is as cultish and part of a Zionist conspiracy to undermine the Islamic state of Iran is all ... false . It is all an instrument to excuse the deliberate actions by that government to destroy that religion within their boundaries . ''
`` Make no mistake , these are not only indices of past and present persecution ; they are warning signs of mass atrocities , of genocide . Let us not witness another one , fully conscious of what the consequences are , '' they said .
The Canadian Senate inquiry into the issue of Iran 's persecution of Baha'is initiated by Senator Mobina Jaffer . In remarks made on 21 June , Senator Jaffer called for `` new steps '' by Canada to `` call Iran to account for its unacceptable treatment of the Baha'is . ''
In October , Senator Hugh Segal also addressed the inquiry describing the suffering heaped on Baha'is as `` systematic and brutal , '' especially when they are known as a `` peaceful faith that embraces the sanctity of all religions . ''
Baha ' i World News Service coverage of the persecution of the Baha'is in Iran
The Baha ' i World News Service has published a Special Section which includes further articles and background information about Iran 's campaign to deny higher education to Baha'is . It contains news of the latest developments , a summary of the situation , profiles of imprisoned Baha ' i educators , feature articles , case studies and testimonials from students , resources and links .
Another Special Report offers articles and background information about the seven Iranian Baha ' i leaders – their lives , their imprisonment , trial and sentencing – and the allegations made against them . It also offers further resources about the persecution of Iran 's Baha ' i community .
The International Reaction page of the Baha ' i World News service is regularly updated with responses from governments , nongovernmental organizations , and prominent individuals , to actions taken against the Baha'is of Iran .
The Media Reports page presents a digest of media coverage from around the world .
GOGEBIC COUNTY , MI -- Michigan environmental regulators have cited a Canadian mining company with state law violations after exploratory drilling in the Porcupine Mountain Wilderness State Park got bogged down in rivers of mud .
Steve Casey , district supervisor for the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality ( DEQ ) Water Resources Division , said Highland Copper Co. of Quebec caused soil erosion and damaged wetlands on Gogebic County Road Commission property along County Road 519 , which runs through the western end of the park .
The DEQ issued a formal violations notice on April 20 , but Casey said the investigation into the incident is ongoing after a recent ice and snow storm felled trees and closed trails in parts of the park last week .
Locals activists say mud from the site is moving again after the wet weather despite efforts to control the erosion caused last month .
`` We will not be making a decision regarding fines until all of Highland 's drill sites have been assessed , '' Casey said . `` A number of those sites are not accessible now due to wet spring conditions making woods roads impassable .
The Upper Peninsula Environmental Coalition ( UPEC ) , a local mining watchdog group , shot photos April 2 and 4 of heavy drilling equipment navigating through deep mud along a snowmobile trail that parallels the county road .
Highland Copper contracted Idea Drilling of Minnesota this winter to punch 21 exploratory holes in the area , 12 of them on parkland , to see if a mineral deposit first discovered in the 1950s might be feasibly mined .
Exploratory drilling begins for copper mine under Porcupine Mountains state park `` We 're not anti-mining , but this is the wrong place , '' says environmental group .
The April 20 letter sent to Highland Copper Vice President Carlos Bertoni referenced `` uncontrolled erosion and sedimentation '' that discharged into a Gypsy Creek tributary and missing required permits to move dirt and construct access through wetlands .
`` A permit would not have been approved for this project in the manner in which it was undertaken , '' the letter read . `` No efforts were taken in some instance to avoid and/or minimize impacts to the wetlands . ''
The letter said Highland Copper was in violation of Parts 31 , 91 and 303 of the Michigan Natural Resources & Environmental Protection Act ( NREPA ) .
The DEQ says the company must stabilize the site , restore disturbed wetlands , obtain additional permits for discharging stormwater and sedimentation , and investigate other drill sites to determine if more wetlands have been disturbed .
`` Due to the severity of the non-compliance , the matter is being evaluated for escalated enforcement , '' the letter read , meaning DEQ is considering civil fines .
Casey said he 's not sure whether the enforcement amounts to throwing the book at Highland , but they `` we certainly were careful to cite all the violations we saw . ''
`` Since that 's everything in the book , maybe that is throwing the book at them . ''
Highland needs DEQ permission to resume exploratory drilling . The company also needs to plug holes that are still open after drilling was suspeneded last month .
`` Once conditions dry up , I do n't see any reason why they ca n't go in there as long as they avoid wetlands while doing it , '' they said .
`` There 's logging occurring all over the U.P . all summer with equipment driving on woody roads and not causing significant problems . ''
During spring snow melt , when `` it 's all gushy , is just not a good time to be in the woods and they illustrated that very well , '' Casey said .
Muddy drilling mess at Porcupine Mountains under DEQ investigation Drilling equipment tears up wetlands , sends sediment into tributary .
Dave Anderson , a company executive in Highland 's office in White Pine , said the company intends to `` fully comply '' with the DEQ requirements .
`` Short term erosion control measures have been established , '' they said . `` We continue to work with DEQ to address any and all concerns . ''
Highland had agreed to only drill on frozen ground on state-owned land , but that agreement was with the Michigan Department of Natural Resources , which does not own the underground mineral rights in that part of the park .
Highland entered into a separate agreement with Gogebic County to drill in the right-of-way along County Road 519 . The road commission did not include a provision mandating that drilling only happen on frozen ground .
Despite the state law violations , Idea Drilling is an `` outstanding company and we 'd be lucky to have them back , '' said Anderson . `` The error was made with our team not recognize the spring break-up conditions . Spring happened rather quickly this year and certainly caught the team off guard . ''
The drilling is part of a new copper district that Highland is attempting to develop in Gogebic , Ontonagon and Keweenaw counties .
If enough mineable copper ore is found under the park , Highland would potentially access the ore from adjacent land outside the park through underground tunnels . It would need DEQ permits to develop the mine .
Anderson said the `` full project '' mine would create `` hundreds '' of jobs . According to the Iron Mountain Daily News , Highland executives say the mine could employ 320 people . Construction could begin next year , with the start of mining by 2021 .
As all the Marvel movies go , my hands-down favorites feature Captain America . So I approached Captain America : The Winter Soldier with some trepidation that it would n't live up to my expectations . How wrong I was .
The first Captain America film did a lovely job borrowing nostalgic pixie dust from films like Dick Tracy and The Rocketeer , and director Joe Johnston grounded those proceedings in postmodern yet earnestly American messages of anti-bullying and of championing the underdog . The follow-up , directed by Anthony and Joe Russo , takes that Americana quilt-work and ups the ante , delving deep into the dark heart of post-millennial U.S. society .
In the years since September 11th , we have seen fear and anxiety chip away at the most American of values : tolerance and courage , freedom of thought and sincere kindness . The film attacks that dilemma square on , albeit with Marvel Studios ' now-trademark escapism , wit , and whiz bang effects .
I dare not spoil any of the twists and turns , and , while some have compared this sequel to 70s government conspiracy classics like Three Days of the Condor , it is more of a pulpy roller coaster ride than a tightly coiled potboiler . Regardless , it is smart and well done and expertly paced .
Chris Evans returns as Steve Rogers/Captain America , and , unlike their flippant work as another superhero Johnny Storm in The Fantastic Four series , they exude a soulful sadness as a man quite literally out of their own time and depth . Their heartache over an America that has strayed so far afield from their World War II-era “ Greatest Generation ” perspective is palpable .
The plot details the explosive corruption that runs through all levels of the S.H.I.E.L.D . organization – that CIA/Interpol-hybrid that has been a unifying element in all Marvel 's cinematic output . This sequel draws cleverly on thematic elements established in the first Captain America entry , specifically the Nazi villains ' monstrous notion that ethnic , spiritual , intellectual cleansing will bring about order in a chaotic world . Winter Soldier neatly turns that concept on its head , alluding to how some Americans today seem to share that same nefarious concept : that the only way to avoid anarchy , violence , and societal decay is to quite literally eliminate all those people who threaten “ order ” in their questioning of the powers-that-be .
Robert Redford is a fascinating and welcome addition to the Marvel Universe , playing Alexander Pierce , a Washington bureaucrat whose Machiavellian intentions are simultaneously noble and suspect . Bringing a nuance we do n't always get to see in these movies ( with nary a glib moment ) , Redford telegraphs sincere , profound , and arguably misdirected concern for a world that they feel has gone totally off the rails . They are the kind of comic book heavy that only a steady diet of FoxNews and MSNBC could inspire .
The other supporting players , including Scarlett Johansson , Emily Van Camp , Cobie Smulders , Hayley Atwell , Frank Grillo , Samuel L. Jackson , Toby Jones , Jenny Agutter , and Anthony Mackie , rise to the material , providing gravitas and the occasional ( much-needed ) lighter moment ( or two ) . Sebastian Stan as the titular Winter Soldier is a heaping helping of imposing glower , and they make the most of a rather underwritten role ( not unlike Tom Hardy 's Bane in Dark Knight Rises ) .
Unfortunately ( and this is the only minor quibble I had with the film ) , the movie does little with the Winter Soldier 's fascinating , Terminator-meets-Manchurian Candidate backstory . Hopefully , the inevitable third film will fill in those gaps .
Superhero flicks have , in aggregate , become an ever-expanding cinematic metaphor for the angst that blankets our planet – movies of note include Bryan Singer 's X-Men films ( e.g . civil rights/tolerance ) , Christopher Nolan 's Dark Knight trilogy ( e.g . class warfare , Orwellian nanny states ) , and now both Captain America entries . These films employ a kind of four-color funnies code with larger-than-life heroes and villains standing in for the mundane , insidious cruelties we enact daily .
Samuel L. Jackson notes at one point early in the film , “ This is the world as it is … not how we 'd like it to be ” – nailing a haunting fear and sadness most of us over 40 grapples with daily . Not sure where the movie Marvel Universe goes from here as the studio 's architects are clearly picking poignancy and punch over popcorn and pizzazz . But I for one ca n't wait to see what 's next .
___________________
Bonus ! ( … apropos of nothing … )
This Thursday , April 10 at 7 pm , Common Language in Ann Arbor ( 317 Braun Ct. ) will host a mixer . I will be signing books , and theatre colleagues from The Penny Seats ( including Rachel Murphy , Lyn Weber , Rebecca Biber , Nick Oliverio , Barbara Bruno , and now John Mola ) will offer interpretive readings of some of my wilder essays . Light refreshments will be provided . See you there ! Nice coverage from Sarah Rigg and MLive here .
Thanks to Ryan Roe and the Tough Pigs : Muppets Fans Who Grew Up website for this shout-out to Reel Roy Reviews and my review of Muppets Most Wanted . Be sure to check out the site – it 's a lot of fun !
Finally , enjoy this video interview of yours truly from last week 's Legal Marketing Association conference . Thanks to Lexblog and the Lexblog Network and Kevin McKeown for this opportunity !
___________________
Reel Roy Reviews is now a book ! Please check out this coverage from BroadwayWorld of upcoming book launch events . In addition to online ordering at Amazon or from the publisher Open Books , the book currently is being carried by Bookbound , Common Language Bookstore , and Crazy Wisdom Bookstore and Tea Room in Ann Arbor , Michigan ; by Green Brain Comics in Dearborn , Michigan ; and by Memory Lane Gift Shop in Columbia City , Indiana . Bookbound and Memory Lane both also have copies of Susie Duncan Sexton 's Secrets of an Old Typewriter series .
With Stephen Chow 's The Mermaid taking a staggering $ 485M alone in just three weeks of play in February , the Middle Kingdom box office hit a record 6.87B yuan ( $ 1.05B ) for the month . That 's about $ 260M bigger than the estimated North American February total of $ 790M . This is the first time Chinese turnstiles have outspun those in the U.S. and Canada combined during a single month ( U.S.-only box office was bested by the PROC last February ) . The current Chinese figures were released by state authority SAPPRFT on Tuesday .
February saw the Lunar New Year celebration host a trio of major successes . Along with The Mermaid , which became the territory 's biggest movie ever after only 12 days of release , The Monkey King 2 grossed about $ 177M ( 1.16B yuan ) and threequel From Vegas To Macau 3 ( aka The Man From Macau 3 ) took in roughly $ 166M ( 1.09B yuan ) . Each opened on February 8 and is still playing in theaters .
The Mermaid is now poised to become the first ever Chinese movie to cross $ 500M at home . When it does , it will join a club of only six other titles that have hit the milestone in one market , each in North America . It 's currently in play via Sony Stateside and elsewhere overseas where the ex-China gross was $ 14.6M in six markets through Sunday .
SAPPRFT says that more than 192M people went to the cinema in China last month . They were also checking out pics like Kung Fu Panda 3 which opened on January 29 and is now the country 's biggest animated movie ever at $ 150M ; and The Weinstein Co/Netflix 's Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon : Sword Of Destiny with $ 37M .
Upcoming releases include Disney 's Zootopia on March 4 — that 's especially notable because it 's a Friday . The last several months of 2015 saw Chinese authorities saddle quota movies with a Sunday or early-week date . Also on deck is Ip Man 3 with Hong Kong action star Donnie Yen who 's in the Crouching Tiger sequel and is next up in Rogue One : A Star Wars Story and xXx : The Return Of Xander Cage .
The Middle Kingdom box office is on a path to overtake North America in 2017 . The total for 2015 was 44B yuan ( $ 6.7B ) versus North America 's $ 11.1B . There have steadily been increases of about 30 % per year in China , but last year blew past that , jumping 48.7 % from 2014 .
Some of the extra 2015 action came from the huge local successes of Hollywood titles like Furious 7 ( $ 391M ) and Jurassic World ( $ 229M ) . Homegrown title Monster Hunt in September became the then biggest grosser ever in the PROC , although there was controversy surrounding its ultimate takings given several millions ' worth of tickets were given away . The Mermaid has not suffered the same plight while attempts at box office manipulation are expected to be more closely monitored going forward .
A team of MIT researchers , together with researchers from Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research and Kuwait University , has been awarded a $ 4 million grant for a collaborative research project titled “ The Underworlds Project : a Smart Sewage Infrastructure for Kuwait . ”
The Underworlds project is being funded through the Kuwait-MIT Center for Natural Resources and the Environment ( CNRE ) by the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences ( KFAS ) with a performance period of three years commencing this November .
Underworld taps into biomarkers embedded in municipal wastewater and sewage networks to leverage spatiotemporal sampling in order to create a real-time public health profile of urban areas . The project then explores a plethora of ideas to identify , track , and monitor infectious diseases ; to track antibiotic resistance genes and multi-drug-resistant bacteria ; and to identify a multitude of other indicators of public health and biosecurity .
Underworld combines novel concepts in smart city design and urban informatics with advances in biological engineering and bioinformatics . It has two main goals .
First , the project will develop and deploy a novel cyber-physical platform for environment sensing and sampling from sewage and wastewater networks . This will be coupled with a computational biological infrastructure for characterizing biological signatures including metagenomics and metabolomics . The platform will be equipped with data visualization , analytics , and processing tools . It will also allow for spatial and temporal modeling of water flow mixing and balance in wastewater networks to devise and tune optimal spatiotemporal sampling strategies to extract maximum information .
Researchers will also investigate several specialized aims using the developed infrastructure . In one aim , they will screen sewage for the prevalence and distribution of infectious pathogens . In another , they will track the emergence of antibiotic resistance genes in the urban microbiome . A third aim will focus on toxicology and monitoring of substances known as phthalates and the use of sewage as a real-time data source to gauge the efficacy of public health policy . An additional aim will be to develop bioprospecting strategies in sewage to establish phage therapy as an alternative to antibiotics in combating infectious agents .
A visionary research project stimulated by MIT 's Alm Lab and Senseable City Lab , the Underworlds idea expanded to include researchers from Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research ( KISR ) , Kuwait University ( KU ) , and MIT researchers from the Department of Biological Engineering , the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering , and the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory ( CSAIL ) .
Carlo Ratti , principal investigator of the project , professor of the practice in the MIT Department of Urban Studies and Planning , and director of the Senseable City Lab , says : “ Underworlds is a proof-of-concept that cities can make use of their wastewater system as a valuable data source . A broad array of human activity is reflected in a city 's wastewater , and as such , a host of applications emerges from sampling and analyzing sewage . For example , cities can begin to study the way non-communicable diseases develop , as biomarkers for obesity and diabetes can be measured at unprecedented scale and temporal resolution . ”
“ We can reveal the invisible in a city , ” Ratti explains . “ For every cell in the human body there are around 10 bacterial cells , constituting the human microbiome , which is recognized as a key determinant of an individual 's health and wellness . How can we measure something like the microbiome at the scale of an entire city ? ”
The co-PIs from MIT are Eric Alm , associate professor in the MIT Department of Biological Engineering and director of the Alm Lab ; Elfatih Eltahir and Martin Polz , both professors at MIT 's Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering ; Jon Runstadler , assistant professor of biological engineering and comparative medicine at MIT ; and Daniela Rus , director of CSAIL and professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science .
`` The concept of this project is unique and groundbreaking , '' says Murad Abu-Khalaf , executive director of CNRE . `` It is a timely integration of multi-disciplinary efforts in urban informatics , big data analytics , bioinformatics , food science , biological engineering , and epidemiology . The MIT-KISR-KU team has the unique and synergistic expertise to achieve the aims of this research . The outcome of the research is expected to be transformative not only for scientists who are trying to understand these issues , but to disease control and public health decision makers . Successes at the scale of Kuwait City could demonstrate a proof-of-concept that could be replicated globally .
`` In an increasingly urbanized world , innovations promised by this project could make a difference in achieving sustainable population health , '' Abu-Khalaf adds . `` This is the third project to be initiated through CNRE 's Signature Research Program that , collaboratively with researchers in Kuwait , investigates technical challenges that have both regional and global impact . ''
CNRE was established at MIT in 2005 and fosters collaborative research and scientific exchange between MIT and research institutions in Kuwait . Its leadership team consists of associate director Jacopo Buongiorno , professor and associate head in the Department of Nuclear Science and Engineering at MIT , and executive director Murad Abu-Khalaf . The center is funded by the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences .
The Beatles released 13 albums during their seven-year recording career . And almost every single one of them is a masterpiece . It helped that the group came of age during one the most fertile periods for music in the past couple hundred years . It also helped that the band included two of the best songwriters of the 20th century – and a third who was n't too bad either .
So what we 're basically saying is , you really ca n't go wrong with any of the Beatles ' albums ( well , maybe one or two ... ) . But which of their landmark records – Rubber Soul ? Revolver ? Sgt . Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band ? – is the best ?
We went back and listened to all of the records again to come up with our list of Beatles Albums , Ranked Worst to Best , which you can see above . The lines between most of these LPs are so thin that we wo n't even argue if you start quibbling over the placement of this album or that one ( unless you try to tell us that Yellow Submarine is better than Abbey Road ) . Like we said , they 're all kinda great .
As Collected Editions were first to point out , for the listing of Superwoman Vol 3 from DC Comics , the solicitation called this “ the finale of one of the most unique tales in DC history , ” suggesting the series may end with issue 18 . That would be the first of the DC Rebirth series to come to an end – still a remarkable 18 month run for the line , given the current state of the market . And given that it launched with a massive bait and switch , promising a Lois Lane Superwoman series before instantly killing them off and giving the title to their fellow Superwoman Lana Lang .
And so it has come to pass with this solicitation from DC Comics ' January solicits ,
SUPERWOMAN # 18
Written by K. PERKINS
Art by STEPHEN SEGOVIA and ART THIBERT
Cover by PHIL JIMENEZ
Variant cover by EMANUELA LUPACCHINO
Retailers : This issue will ship with two covers . Please see the order form for details . Includes a code for a free digital download of this issue .
“ THE MIDNIGHT HOUR ” finale ! A day in the life of Superwoman…but someone else is in the driver 's seat ! Will Superwoman manage to break their mind free from Midnight 's digital grasp and dispel their twisted protocol once and for all ?
On sale JANUARY 10 • 32 pg , FC , $ 3.99 US • RATED T • FINAL ISSUE
Will # 18 be the cut off date for more than one series ? Just that Blue Beetle # 18 is due in February 2018… and now-deleted tweets from its writer Chris Sebela suggested that series would be over with # 18 as well .
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool . Father of two . Comic book clairvoyant . Political cartoonist .
( Last Updated )
Related Posts
Seattle might have a reputation for its high number of rainy days , but that does n't stop people from moving there from sunnier climes .
The metro area population grew 1.9 percent from 2015 to 2016 , according to the latest census figures . During that time the population went from 3,727,100 people to 3,798,900 .
King County , where the city of Seattle is located , grew less so at 1.55 percent from 2015 to 2016 , with a total of 2,149,970 million residents .
While some of the growth can be attributed to birth rates and immigration , the big chunk of new residents are movers from within Washington and across the U.S .
So where are all those people coming from ?
Another census study , conducted over five years from 2010-2014 , gives us a pretty good idea of all the different places new Seattleites are coming from .
King County attracted 105,633 domestic movers during the five year span of time . The majority , 61.97 percent , came from out of the state , while the other 38 % came from within Washington .
Below are rankings for the top five counties of origin for movers to King County :
Movers outside of Washington :
Los Angeles County , CA Maricopa County , AZ ( Phoenix ) San Diego County , CA Multnomah County , OR ( Portland ) Cook County , IL ( Chicago )
Movers from Washington :
Snohomish County Pierce County Spokane County Clark County Kitsap County
Embed this image on your site ( copy the code below ) :
< p > < a href='http : //www.sparefoot.com/moving/moving-to-seattle-wa/where-new-residents-of-seattle-are-moving-from ' > < img src='https : //www.sparefoot.com/moving/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Moving_to_Seattle.jpg ' max-width='1000px ' title='Where New Residents of Seattle Are Moving From ' alt='New Movers to Seattle ' border= ' 0′ / > < /a > < /p > < br / >
< p > Via < a href='http : //www.sparefoot.com/moving/moving-to-seattle-wa/ ' > via SpareFoot 's Seattle Moving Guide < /a > < /p > < br / >
< p >
This page was created June 20 , 2016 and updated April 27 , 2017
Gerry Thornley
Best Match ?
Ireland v England , closely followed by Wales v England . Epic , titanic struggles , with the game in Dublin unforgettable as the home side memorably rose to the occasion .
Best Player ?
CJ Stander . A remarkable , unstinting haul of 103 carries , and there was that hat-trick in Rome , the first by a forward in the history of the championship .
Best Try ?
Gael Fickou 's show and go against Italy , instigated initially by Brice Dulin 's thrilling counter-attack . Classic , French length of the pitch , counter-attacking rugby and good to see again .
Highlight ?
Italy 's no ruck tactics against England and how Dylan Hartley and James Haskell were so memorably befuddled in their conversations with Romain Poite .
Low Point ?
Ireland 's failure to press on after taking the lead in Murrayfield , when a fourth try would have given them the bonus point victory that probably would have seen them become champions in the end .
Team of the Tournament ?
Stuart Hogg ; Keith Earls , Jonathan Davies , Owen Farrell , Liam Williams ; Jonathan Sexton , Conor Murray ; Cyrille Baille , Ken Owens , Tadhg Furlong ; Joe Launchbury , Alun Wyn Jones ; CJ Stander , Kevin Gourdon , Louis Picamoles .
Liam Toland
Best Match ?
Watching two matches at the same time ; as An tUachtarán addressed the players in the Aviva I was watching the unreal end as the French ‘ finally ' scored to sink Wales ; what drama and what followed in the Aviva was sensational for all the obvious clichés but to hear the Fields of Athenry sung with such gusto when the Irish team needed the crowd like never before was very , very special .
Player of the Tournament ?
Funny that my player of the tournament does n't make the team of the tournament , but he 'll definitely make my Lions team ! So who had the most significant impact on the tournament ? Billy Vunipola was injured and Stuart Hogg missed most of the English thrashing , so we do n't know how he 'd have performed . So it comes down to Irish props , Scottish backs , French athletes but the championship winning team should have the player and that is the outrageous Maro Itoje .
Best Try ?
Beauty often resides in the tiniest details , executed under extreme pressure ; strength of the opposition , home or away , conditions , scoreboard , championship table , World Rugby rankings , time remaining and so on - so the best try is also the ugliest . Damien Chouly 's 100th min score for France
Highlight ?
My AirBnB beside the Coliseum in Rome ; wonderful . Along with several former players , gate crashing the corporate aftermatch function in Murrayfield ; free bar . The incredible atmosphere under the closed roof in Cardiff ; an experience you must have . The last 10 minutes of Ireland 's victory over England as the knowledgeable crowd knew their team needed ‘ The Fields ' like never before . But ; the RDS # PlayingforAxel was number one .
Low Point ?
In what was a high quality championship , the issue of value to the ball is worth examining . If we are , and England for that matter , to consistently test New Zealand then we need to improve outcomes from those tiny windows of opportunities that open for split seconds ; turnovers , loose opposition kicks , line breaks etc…
Team of the Tournament ?
Good gawd this is ridiculous but in a Lions season here goes ; Stuart Hogg , George North , Owen Farrell ( Gael Fickou ) , Robbie Henshaw , Anthony Watson , Johnny Sexton ( Finn Russell ) , Conor Murray ( Rhys Webb ) , Jack McGrath ( Maco Vunipola ) , Guilhem Guirado ( notable Rory Best & Ken Owens ) , 100 % Tadgh Furlong , Donnacha Ryan ( just because ) , Alun Wyn Jones , in no particular order ; Louis Picamoles , CJ Stander , Sam Warburton , Sean O'Brien ( Maro Itoje in second row )
Gavin Cummiskey
Best Match ?
Ireland v England was the most compelling game many of us have been to in years . England v Scotland was a memorable experience and glimpse into what Eddie Jones hopes to have constructed by 2019 . But the feeling of beating England in Dublin remains the sweetest .
Best Player ?
It was Maro Itoje up to half-time in Dublin but for character alone it has to be Johnny Sexton . Sexton 's influence on Ireland 's games - see the 15-3 dip in Cardiff when they were off the field - should keep Owen Farrell benched or wearing 12 this summer .
Best Try ?
Probably George North 's first against Ireland . It was so smart to run down Paddy Jackson 's channel just seconds after they replaced a bloodied Sexton while the pass by Rhys Webb was like Tana Umaga 's fling for Sitiveni Sivivatu to finish against the Lions in 2005 . Class .
Highlight ?
The last five minutes against England - Cian Healy 's carry , downed by Itoje , Luke McGrath 's confidence on just their second cap to bounce the ball into the 22 and out of play while Dev Toner threw their body into a herculean tackle in the middle of it all .
Low Point ?
The opening 20 minutes in Murrayfield . That was when the championship went up in smoke . This team should not be losing to Scotland . The great teams never switch off .
Team of the Tournament ?
Stuart Hogg ; George North , Robbie Henshaw , Owen Farrell , Liam Williams ; Johnny Sexton , Conor Murray ; Jack McGrath , Guilhem Guirado , Tadhg Furlong ; Joe Launchbury , Maro Itoje ; Kevin Gourdon , Sam Warburton , CJ Stander .
John O'Sullivan
Best Match ?
It has to be Ireland 's 13-9 win over England , a physically unrelenting , at times primal , squabble between two teams unwilling to give an inch . The result was in doubt right to the final whistle . It made for compelling viewing and not just in terms of the result from a parochial perspective . Ireland beat the best team in the tournament on a day that mattered to both countries .
Best Player ?
French scrumhalf Baptiste Serin was a pleasure to watch , their silky skills , peripheral awareness , link play in choosing when the play in close or move it wide and ability to ‘ honeypot ' tacklers and release the ball a nanosecond before contact all impressive . But it has to go to Stuart Hogg . They were simply unplayable at times , an effervescent bundle of energy and class .
Best Try ?
Tim Visser 's one for Scotland against Wales was all about the preamble more than the finish , but it did include a gorgeous finger-tip pass from Stuart Hogg and offered a perfect demonstration of how to work the ball in a confined channel with impeccable timing and preservation of space .
Highlight ?
I do n't think it can be classified as the best spectacle but certainly the most entertaining was England 's victory over Italy at Twickenham when for 40 plus minutes the visitors outfoxed their hosts at ruck time and spawned the line that is now emblazoned on t-shirts from French referee Romain Poite : “ I am the referee , I am not the coach , ” to a bemused Dylan Hartley and a less bemused James Haskell .
Low Point ?
England coach Eddie Jones ' post match reaction to the Italian ruck tactics was churlish and unnecessarily sour . Granted , the gambit did n't make for a great spectacle but given the fact that their team won well in the end with a four-try bonus point , they could have shown a little more grace , as they did after the Irish game .
Team of the Tournament ?
Stuart Hogg ; Tommy Seymour , Gael Fickou , Robbie Henshaw , Elliot Daly ; Jonathan Sexton , Baptiste Serin ; Jack McGrath , Ken Owens , Tadhg Furlong ; Joe Launchbury , Donnacha Ryan ; Maro Itoje , Justin Tipuric , Louis Picamoles
Johnny Watterson
Best Match ?
Ireland 's win over England in Dublin . Ireland totally negated a significant England threat . Few believed that was probable . The selfless commitment from the Irish players and the way they agreed on contesting every inch made for a match of powerful intensity .
Best Player ?
Louis Picamoles . When they pick up the ball they almost always makes inroads . While their statistics stand up to scrutiny in terms of metres made , the impact they have on their own team powering forward is always immense .
Best Try ?
Jonathan Joseph 's second try against Scotland . Okay , the Scottish defence may have been out of Dodge at the time but their phenomenal pace , ability to change direction in full stride and their immaculate timing to hit the line framed their talent in the perfect way .
Highlight ?
Peter O'Mahony 's personal journey through the competition . Coming back from injury , they get a bench place then a late call up against England because of a Jamie Heaslip injury . In an outstanding shift they win man-of-the-match . Fairy tale stuff .
Low Point ?
The number of head injuries in the game that are not picked up as players are sent back into the fray . The most obvious was when England 's Elliott Daly left the pitch against Scotland . They returned but had to leave again because they did have a head injury .
Team of the Tournament ?
Stuart Hogg ; George North , Remi Lamerat , Owen Farrell , Virimi Vakatawa ; Johnny Sexton , Conor Murray ; Cyril Baille , Guilhem Guirado , Tadhg Furlong ; Joe Launchbury , Johnny Gray ; Maro Itoje , Justin Tipuric , Louis Picamoles .
Matt Williams
Best Match ?
England 's win in Wales was the pivotal match of the tournament . It was a true test match . Hard , fast , physical and packed with tension until the last minutes . The old saying that the team that makes the least mistakes wins was personified . Wales missing touch and not clearing their lines in the dying moments gave England a counterattacking opportunity for a winning try . It was as dramatic as they come .
Best Player ?
With England scoring 146 points and winning back-to-back championships , the man in the number 10 jersey deserves a lot of credit . Despite a poor day in Dublin , George Ford 's performances in controlling the other matches in the champions have been outstanding .
Best Try ?
The Alex Dunbar try from an old school Scottish ‘ switcharoo ' . Putting a scrumhalf and centre at the front of the lineout , all the Irish forwards think : “ They wo n't throw to a back ... ” The short throw to Dunbar caught the Irish defence cold , allowing them to sprint through the lineout and score . It was ultimately the winning try and broke Irish hearts .
Highlight ?
The new bonus points scoring system ( even though it 's 20 years old in the southern hemisphere . ) This championship was the best in decades . The rugby was positive . The bonus points system gave teams motivation to attack and play right to the end of games . It must stay .
Low Point ?
Ireland 's first half against Scotland and the second half against Wales . As the great American baseball coach , Peter ‘ Yogi ' Berra famously said : “ Ninety percent of the game is half mental. ” As the powerful display against England proved , in this championship , Ireland repeatedly got their mental preparation wrong .
Team of the Tournament ?
Stuart Hogg ; G North , G Fickou , Owen Farrell , L Williams ; Johnny Sexton , Conor Murray ; J McGrath , Guilhem Guirado , Tadhg Furlong ; Joe Launchbury , AW Jones ; Maro Itoje , S Warburton , Louis Picamoles .
Zoe Saldana 's husband took their last name so now the world is going to end .
The July issue of InStyle magazine features Zoe Saldana on the cover , and in the accompanying interview , we find out their husband , Italian artist Marco Saldana née Parego , took their last name instead of the other way around .
We have squirrels in our courtyard , and this time of year they get bold as hell , leaping from the trees to windowsills , trying to chew holes in screens and whatnot . It 's not uncommon to hear them scampering about , dropping nuts or whatever it is they eat . Sunday night when I heard a little pitter patter , I assumed it was the squirrels , but in actuality , it was the sound of billions of testicles around the world spontaneously detaching from their owners over the news of a man taking their wife 's last name .
“ I tried to talk them out of it . I told him , ‘ If you use my name , you 're going to be emasculated by your community of artists , by your Latin community of men , by the world ' , “ the star The “ Guardians of The Galaxy ” star sits beaming on the cover of the July issue of InStyle magazine , in which they reveal how Italian artist Marco Perego took their name after the two secretly married in the summer of 2013 . Perego , it turns out , made the progressive decision in spite of their wife 's doubts. “ I tried to talk them out of it . I told him , ‘ If you use my name , you 're going to be emasculated by your community of artists , by your Latin community of men , by the world ' , “ the star told InStyle . “ But Marco looks up at me and says [ she puts on a cute Italian accent ] , ‘ Ah , Zoe , I do n't give a sheet . ' ” ( source )
Small aside : It annoys me that the article refers to them as `` Marco Perego ” instead of “ Marco Saldana née Perego. ” Beyonce is the most famous woman in the world , and she 's been Beyonce Knowles-Carter since they tied the knot .
Marco 's last name is Saldana . Refer to them as such .
Anyway , question for the married ladies : Why did you take your husband 's last name ? I think I asked this a few years ago , but there are a lot more people visiting this corner of the internet these days , so I want to hear what y'all have to say . If you took your husband 's last name , why ? Was there even a discussion or was it just assumed that you would ? If it was just assumed , how do you feel about that ? Why did n't you have to urge keeping your last name ? If you had wanted to , what would they have said ? If you had asked them to take your last name because of family pride or something , would they have agreed ?
None of that is meant to imply that women who take their husband 's last name are wrong , but I 'm genuinely curious . It 's not something I think you should be taking a stand over if it does n't matter to you , but I 'd like to know why it does n't matter to you , because more often than not , it definitely matters to him . The only time I 've met guys who have said they would n't mind taking their wife 's last name , they were already married and there was no risk of having to appease the feminist sensibilities all late and after the fact .
I just think it 's so weird that we still automatically assume the woman will take their last name because it 's rooted in ownership . You are literally being passed like a burlap sap of goods from one man ( your father ) to another man ( your husband ) and the name change finalizes it . Yes women can conduct their own business transactions now and own property in their own right today , but the last name ownership to me is a reminder that it has n't always been that way and the last name was necessary as a means to prove you belonged to a man and not acting of your own autonomy . ( To be fair though , even seeing “ Mrs. ” in print bugs the hell out of me because that little “ r ” is another archaic reminder that you belong to someone . Men are “ Mr. ” with or without the ring . )
Zoe 's husband taking their last name is refreshing , and sensible . I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do when I get married – either pick a new name as a couple , combine our names , or just keep mine – but if my husband is Jussie Smollett , then I promise you I 'm about to be Rafi D'Angelo Smollett because that name has capital attached to it . I would n't even expect them to change their name because that 's part of their visibility . The same with Zoe . Why change their last name to that of a nobody when the entire planet knows them as Zoe Saldana ? Them name carries a lot more social capital than theirs does , so it honestly just makes sense , if in fact they were set on having the same last name in the first place .
If you 're still not seeing where I 'm coming from , read this .
My husband and I do not share a last name . We might joke about being the Flongs , but their last name is Fleck , and mine is Long . When Dan told me they did n't plan on taking my last name , I felt like less of a woman . My femininity is completely wrapped up in their last name . When we 're out with friends and family , and someone calls them Mr. Long , they correct them , and I feel embarrassed . Do they think they wear the skirt in our marriage because they did n't take my last name ? I know Dan loves me , but sometimes I worry he 's not committed to our marriage . Since they did n't change their name when we got married , it will be easier for them to resume their bachelor status if they decided to divorce me . ( keep going , it gets even better )
I guess it just comes down to why and does anyone care . If your last name sounds weird and theirs sounds amazing , if neither of you really cares either way but their family will probably throw a hissy fit and you do n't want to be the “ difficult ” daughter-in-law , if he 's a famous movie star and you work at Panera , go for it . Change your name . But if he 's just saying “ this is really important to me because I 'm a man ” then you probably have more issues in your relationship aside from a little name change .
PS : It 's cute that they took their last name , but I 'm 87 % sure he 's taking their conditioner too .
My dude has a Caesar and a wave brush when all I want in life is a boy to share hair products with . # RelationshipGoals .
11:25 am • 9 June 2015 •
| marco perego| marco saldana| zoe saldana| guys with long hair| feminism| marriage| celebs| celebrities|
People in Seattle stick to themselves…
Pete Warden has collected data on 210 million public Facebook profiles and has discovered some patterns that have emerged regarding how Facebook users connect geographically and the results are quite interesting :
How the clusters break down :
It is important to understand how these clusters form and why so that your online efforts are streamlined and you do n't waste time . If you 're in Ohio , investing time into getting in with the Seattle bunch may not quite pay off .
Stayathomia ( which is a great name , by the way ) is defined by these users ' connections being mostly in the immediate or neighboring cities and sports fan pages rank more highly than religiously based fan pages .
Dixie is clumped together as the “ Old South ” according to Warren , defined by Atlanta as the hub with God as the most commonly fanned pages . Bonus trivia that Warren notes is that “ for some reason Ashley shows up as a popular name here , but almost nowhere else in the country . ”
Greater Texas centers around Dallas predominantly unlike the previously mentioned clusters and local sports ( Cowboys , Longhorns ) are fanned alongside God , but not far apart . This area links widely to others within the entire cluster rather than just neighbors .
Mormonia centers around ( duh ) religion with Utah cities and an Idaho area linked together due to “ how interwoven the communities are , and how relatively unlikely they are to have friends outside the region. ” LDS-related pages are most frequently fanned in this cluster ( and Glenn Beck ) .
Nomadic West is defined by how even small towns are connected to distant cities , and Warren notes that “ it looks like the inhabitants have done a lot of moving around the county. ” Interestingly , Starbucks is “ amost always ” the # 1 fan page in this cluster .
Socalistan centers around LA as the hub in a tight cluster just like “ Greater Texas ” and fan pages typically do n't include God or sports but celebrities like Michael Jackson and Barack Obama .
Pacifica is defined mostly by living in Seattle- it looks like Seattleites are clique-ish in nature although Warren attributes this cluster as lacking travel ( which I do n't know that I agree with ) .
The one certainty coming out of Thursday 's hearing : After 22 months of Uber 's banging on the door of City Hall , Portland government still has no road map for how to deal with the company .
Here are the five biggest questions raised by Thursday 's hearing :
1 . How long will Uber wait on City Hall ?
It 's not clear when the City Council will let Uber return . Delaying the next discussion until April 21 means a vote is n't likely until May . That 's nearly two years after Uber first asked to enter the Portland market . And city transportation officials have refused to answer WW 's questions about how long it would take to set up a test program for Uber and Lyft once the City Council gives the green light . Uber general manager Brooke Steger told commissioners last night the company would wait for Portland 's approval . But the company defied City Hall last December when the process stretched on too long—and Thursday 's delay places Uber in roughly the same limbo it faced then .
2 . Can the City Council level the playing field for taxis ?
Here 's a fun drinking game that would have shortened last night 's hearing : Do a shot every time a cabbie or commissioner asked for a `` level playing field '' for taxis and Uber . ( Everybody would have been asleep under the table halfway through . ) On dozens of issues , the city task force appears to have given Uber less regulation than taxis : insurance , price caps , and vehicles accessible to people with disabilities . `` The task force has not even begun to address the broader issue of whether equal access is still an ideal that Portland strives to uphold , '' the coalition of six cab companies told the City Council in its testimony—a sentiment Fish and Fritz echoed .
3 . Does City Hall want more regulation for Uber , or less regulation for cabs ?
Taxi representatives hammered at their traditional themes last night : the process was too rushed , Uber was getting special treatment , small cab companies would go out of business . But they continued to dodge the question of what rules for Uber would be sufficient . Meanwhile , Fish and Novick debated whether the City Council should release cabbies into the free market , or force Uber to meet existing taxi regulations . To get out of its current mess , City Hall will have to pick one of these paths .
4 . Will Uber and Lyft provide the city with data on its riders ?
This question is crucial because City Hall ca n't measure the effects of its regulations without knowing how much Uber is charging , and whether it 's serving all neighborhoods . Steger told commissioners Uber would be happy to provide some data . `` We do want to supply data to help the city better plan their transportation system and also plan their accessibility , '' they said . But they did n't want drivers—who each independently contract with Uber—to be required to apply for individual business licenses , or give the city their driver 's license numbers . Fish smelled a rat , describing Uber 's vague assurances as having `` shades of short term rentals . '' ( He was referring to the room-rental company Airbnb not supplying City Hall with the addresses of scofflaws not getting city permits . )
5 . Do Hale and Novick have a third vote ?
This question may sound familiar , because Hales and Novick faced it repeatedly while trying to pass a $ 46 million annual `` street fee '' to fund transportation projects . The answer then ? Nope . Fritz , Saltzman and Fish balked on the street fee—and all of them sounded skeptical about Uber . Actually , `` skeptical '' is underselling Fritz 's position . `` I am never going to use Uber , '' Fritz said—and reminded their colleagues they do n't have to vote for Uber 's return at all .
performed by the USSR State Symphony Orchestra under Evgeny Svetlanov ( as with the others ) ( for a version with the choral part , see below )
This is a tough nut to crack . Size does matter , but anyone who 's listened to something like Mahler 3 or Bruckner 4 ( or others ) and felt like the time just flew by also knows that when you love a piece , and know it , then that is n't a challenge . But getting there might be . The first few raw listens can be a chore , to be honest , and I feel like there 's something especially challenging or dense or impenetrable about these works , similar to the way I felt breaking into Shostakovich , but that did n't take long . There 's something challenging about this , but also deep , and I feel like maybe I 'm just starting to learn Myaskovsky 's language enough to start to get what he 's saying .
Wikipedia 's article on this piece begins :
The Symphony No . 6 in E flat minor , Op . 23 by Nikolai Myaskovsky was composed between 1921 and 1923 . It is the largest and most ambitious of their 27 symphonies , planned on a Mahlerian scale , and uses a chorus in the finale . It has been described as ‘ probably the most significant Russian symphony between Tchaikovsky ‘ s Pathétique and the Fourth Symphony of Shostakovich .
As in last week 's Lyapunov work , Myaskovsky 's symphony here was at least influenced if not inspired by the political state of affairs of the time . They had lost multiple friends and family members to death , among them their father , who was murdered .
While at the time , Soviet musicologists or interpreters twisted the work as a piece of Soviet propaganda , portraying the struggles of the young Soviet state , but how could it not be a result of the more personal tragedies and situations that the composer had just recently experienced ? Again , Wikipedia :
The harsh , emphatically descending chordal theme with which the symphony begins apparently arose in the composer 's mind at a mass rally in which they heard the Soviet Procurator Nikolai Krylenko conclude their speech with the call ‘ Death , death to the enemies of the revolution ! '
One can see how that might have touched on a sensitive issue with Myaskovsky , or how it would seem cold , or even disgusting in such a situation . But then again , one can be certain that Myaskovsky was obviously not the only person experiencing such tragedy . So it might be portraying the composer as a bit egotistic or self-centered to say that such a large work , arguably one of their ‘ greatest ' , was only personal ; it was likely more widespread , more universal than that , which is likely one of the reasons the piece is so enduring . Maybe ?
The premiere was conducted by Nikolai Golovanov on May 4 , 1924 in Moscow , and was “ a notable success. ” There 's a lot of talk of ‘ revolutionary ' stuff in the Wikipedia article , and I want to say that I read somewhere that it was referred to as the ‘ revolutionary ' symphony , but maybe not .
If you 've had trouble getting into the works from this week or last week , you 'll probably have the same issue here . I really ca n't put my finger on what it is , to be honest , but in reading over Eric Schissel 's comments on the symphony , I did n't feel as bad . They say of the work :
…my problem with this symphony is that its themes do not , until the finale , attach themselves to my memory or strike me as particularly original , compared to those in other works by the composer . Further , its weight and length have put off repeated listenings…
So it 's not just me .
The first movement is sufficiently turbulent and engaging , but Schissel nailed it when they said they do n't ‘ attach themselves to their memory , ' because there 's a bit of a sense of “ where am I ” with this work for the first many listenings . I will say that some of those themes do eventually kind of become infectious later on , but they 're always a bit… clunky , almost clumsy . As negative as that may seem , I do n't mean it as a criticism . It 's a big symphony , and a big first movement , at 20-plus minutes , depending on the recording , I guess . I really ca n't think of any other word to describe it more succinctly than ‘ Soviet . ' It is by far the most serious in nature of the four movements of the work , and establishes material that will be used later .
The second movement is far easier to digest , a little more straightforward , I think , and less than half as long . It 's the scherzo of the work , and there seems to be a lot more to charm us here , with some really celestial , heavenly sweet passages including flute and oboe solos . Celesta does ( I think… ? ) make an appearance in one of the most untroubled , peaceful passages of the entire work . The flute solo sounds like Rimsky-Korsakov 's spirit dropping in for a visit . It sounds familiar and Russian , colloquial , and beautiful , before the busy but not necessarily tragic or turbulent scherzo returns , but it does have its more menacing passages . The contrast between these sections is great .
The third movement is also quite large , a slow movement . Clarinet leads most of the first part of this movement , backed by strings , with flute here and there , and this is when some of that material from the first movement returns . There 's the return of that instrument that I 'm pretty sure is celesta , in almost exactly the same manner ; it 's kind of this haunting ethereal presence that crosses movements , bringing some unity to the work . If you have the patience for it , and the very wide , expansive open spaces here , it 's a nice movement , and overall quite restful .
The final movement is what blew me away with this work , as Schissel mentions above , making a real impression . We begin with harp and triumphant brass , with woodwinds whirling about in an almost incongruous celebratory spirit . It 's a relief , and the music is truly wonderful but one ca n't help but feel that it 's some kind of trick . After all that 's come so far , I 'm suspicious of it .
Wikipedia talks about themes from French revolutionary songs , and I think you 'll know them when you hear them . I kind of found myself asking… “ did we win ? ” upon hearing this bright , cheery , almost jocose music , but one still ca n't help but doubt it . It gets heavier at turns and feels more in place , especially when a more suitable tune , the Dies Irae , makes an appearance . I 'm a sucker for Dies Irae themes , I have to admit . It begins so wonderfully with pizzicato on low strings , but disappears in favor of other content for a while . This movement , with its contrast of outstandingly moving , powerful , memorable themes , is the one that really blew me away . But I must say at this point , that for 98 % of the listenings I gave to it , it was the Svetlanov version above without the chorus . I knew from the get-go that it had been omitted , but was too lazy to go find another version with the chorus included . It is below :
That 's the Ural Philharmonic under Dmitry Liss . I 've seen Maestro Liss perform here before ( with our NSO and Boris Berezovsky ) . Skipping around through this recording , the tempi in lots of places seem more deliberate than Svetlanov 's reading , but that is n't the point . I wanted to hear what was going on with the chorus .
There is no choral symphony I 've heard where the entire part can be omitted . It was taken out of Scriabin 's Prometheus in a performance a few years ago , as I imagine it might occasionally ( and unfortunately ) be . But I can not imagine removing the chorus from either of Mahler 's symphonies , Beethoven 9 , any of it . Granted , they have solo vocal parts that go along with them , but it would be heresy to cut that ensemble down , even if trying to replace it with something else .
In any event , the chorus only appears at the very end of the piece , but with one of the most powerful , ‘ sticky ' melodies of the whole symphony , and there 's something ethereal , powerful , obviously human about the human voice that another instrument will never achieve , and it brings a unique level of focus and emotion to this work .
For a ‘ revolutionary ' symphony , the piece is awfully quiet . It has its loud , tumultuous violent moments , but the inner movements ( all of them , really ) have their moments of serenity . More to the point , though , is that all the movements of this symphony end quietly . Seems rather tame for where it comes from .
While I have come very much not to mind this symphony and enjoy it more than I did months ago ( and far more than no 's 2 or 3 ) , it does n't take me on a journey . I do n't feel a strong sense of narrative from beginning to end , a cohesion to the piece that drives it forward . Maybe that 's a problem with the recordings , or with me , but likely the latter . I do n't get much of a sense that I must continue listening , like I do with Shostakovich , Mahler , sometimes Bruckner ( but rarely , to be honest ) , other well-known composers of enormous works .
It 's considered the man 's magnum opus , and it 's their biggest work , the potential upside of that being that its size is one of the things that makes it unapproachable ; perhaps cast in a much smaller , less epic setting , their work would be really special . They have 24 more symphonies for me to look into and find out , but we wo n't be doing any of them any time soon . See you next week .
Advertisements
As politicians try and hammer out a solution to the Cypriot banking crisis , bank workers protest outside parliament and ordinary citizens feel the pinch as cash becomes scarcer and people hold their breath for a deal to be reached .
Politicians in Cyprus appear to be moving closer towards a rejigged version of the deal agreed last weekend but rejected by MPs , known as plan A . This would entail losses for large depositors , whose savings would be used to levy the Cypriot contribution to its own bailout fund , but smaller savers with less than 100,000 euros would be saved .
As politicians inched closer towards an agreement , about 1000 bank workers gathered outside parliament on Friday waiting for news on Laiki , the island 's second largest bank .
Many fear the loss of their jobs , and many of them have not been to work since the banks closed their doors to customers nearly a week ago .
Three lines of riot police were on hand to stop protesters reaching parliament , although at one point they sat in the road at an intersection near parliament , blocking access for vehicles .
Many Cypriots blame Germany for the crisis . Many people on the streets of Cyprus believe it was mainly German officials who pushed for a Cypriot levy on deposits to be part of any European Central Bank bailout .
Tesa Arcilla , RT 's correspondent in Nicosia , the Cypriot capital , explained that there is a widespread feeling of negativity , especially at the EU , the Troika and Germany .
“ It 's not fair , this situation is not just for economic reasons , the main reason is the Europeans want to send the Russians out of Cyprus , ” a Cypriot man told RT .
People are worried that the European Central Bank will only supply liquidity to the country until Monday and after that only if an EU , IMF program has been agreed .
The result is a dash for cash on the ground , as Cypriots try and get as much money out as they can from ATMs ; many of which have imposed limits on how much can be withdrawn .
A Russian shopkeeper explained that business is down 70 % in the last week , while another local shop owner complained of sleepless nights brought on by anxiety .
Another direct effect of the crisis being felt on the ground is that most filling stations no longer accept credit cards and will only take cash as people try to hold on to as much money as possible .
Many people are not confident that the banks will reopen on Monday and people are concentrating on getting through the next few days after already being in limbo for a week , Tesa Arcilla explained .
Rating +69 GR 110+ Globe Support Monk - Push/Experience - Hexers Regular Hybrid BBCode Link Edit Delete
Skills
Hexers Patch 2.4.2 Globe Monk
YOU WANT GLOBE BONUS ON ALL YOUR GEAR !
YOU SHOULD AIM FOR ~200k+ GLOBE BONUS
Passives are : Alacrity , Resolve , Seize the Initiative and Beacon of Ytar
Any 5th Passive you want . Unity is not recommended as it 's only additive .
Worn Gear
Kanai 's Cube Powers
Skills and Passives :
For GR 112+ Switch Exploding Palm to Blinding Flash - Crippling Light
Legendary Gems :
Iceblink ( ONLY level to 25 - For procs . )
Esoteric Alteration ( Increased Resistances )
Efficacious Toxin
Any other questions ?
Paragon Priorities
Core Primary Stat Vitality Movement Speed Maximum Resource Offense Attack Speed Cooldown Reduction Critical Hit Chance Critical Hit Damage Defense Life Armor Resist All Life Regeneration Utility Area Damage Resource Cost Reduction Life on Hit Gold Find
Sir Ian McGeechan will unveil plans on Tuesday for the launch of a new professional outfit in their native county , Yorkshire Carnegie .
The former Lions and Scotland coach has spearheaded a drive to harness the sporting and commercial wealth of one of the country 's most fertile rugby areas .
The newly-constituted club will take over the mantle held by Leeds Carnegie , playing at the Headingley Stadium , but with a remit to create an integrated Yorkshire-wide set-up .
The venture has the blessing of the Yorkshire Union , all those involved at Leeds Carnegie , as well as England head coach Stuart Lancaster , who spent several years at Leeds .
“ Benevolent individuals at clubs like Leeds , Rotherham and Doncaster , have pumped millions of pounds of their own money into trying to make professional rugby union a success in Yorkshire but we are now at a crossroads if we are to create a sustainable future for the professional side of the game , ” said McGeechan , who is on the board at Leeds Carnegie . The club welcomes the change .
It is a grim picture . After years of waiting on an asylum application and exhausting their various appeal processes , an asylum seeker is put into a plane back to Africa .
But the country they land in is not their own . Their only attachment to it is that it is a country they travelled through to get to Europe .
Sometimes given €50 by German authorities , sometimes given nothing at all , from here the migrant is left to go it alone .
According to refugee rights organization Pro Asyl , this is a scenario that results from Germany attaching “ Readmission Agreements ” to development aid to African countries .
`` These agreements commit the African countries to readmitting their own citizens who have had asylum turned down by Germany , but it also allows them to readmit rejected asylum seekers from other countries , who travelled through these transit states , '' Max Pichl of Pro Asyl told The Local .
This is in fact a Europe-wide practise , first implemented by Spain , they add .
But this is n't all . If Germany ca n't deport someone because they ca n't confirm their country of origin , they will pay a third country to `` confirm '' their nationality and issue them the necessary documentation , Pro Asyl alleges .
“ It is difficult to say how many people it affects , ” Pichl says . “ The cases only come to light on an individual basis when someone who has been sent back to Africa reports it . ''
But they say there is “ a very long list of countries with whom Germany has such agreements . ”
They concede though that while many of the agreements have not been made publicly available , from what they know “ countries are obliged to take back migrants , but nothing more is specified . ”
The Federal Office for Migration ( BAMF ) and refugees notes that it has 13 bilateral Readmission Agreements .
BAMF does not give data for how many people have been deported through transit countries , saying only that `` these arrangements make it possible for foreigners to return or be returned via the contracting Member State without the need of a transit visa . ''
Paid for positive answers
Pro Asyl 's statement supports a report this week in Der Freitag , a left-wing newspaper , which documented how exactly this process takes place .
People who have been given deportation orders , but whose country of origin ca n't be determined , are sent to mass meetings with delegates from embassies of countries it would be legally admissible to send them back to .
In 2014 , 50 of these meetings took place with representatives from 18 different African countries and 720 asylum seekers were ordered to attend , meaning that at each around ten people were interviewed .
Germany pays the embassies of these countries for the time they take to perform this service .
But embassies receive a further sum if they grant the asylum seeker the appropriate documentation - a so-called “ emergency travel certificate ” - so that Germany can within days order the person to pack their bags and put them on a plane .
`` These processes are far from serious , ” Der Freitag comments , saying that they often take only a matter of minutes .
The embassies of certain countries are rewarded more than others for awarding migrants documentation . So for example Benin receives €300 for every `` positive '' identification , while Nigeria gets €250 .
The Benin embassy also makes positive identification in around three quarters of cases , whereas Nigeria does so in one out of two .
As part of its research , Der Freitag reported the case of a man who claimed to come from Sierra Leone . but because they did n't have the papers to prove it , they were sent to a test with the Nigerian embassy .
Despite denying they came from their country , the Nigerian officials gave them documentation on which it stated they had described themselves as Nigerian .
Payments to the Nigerian embassy have now been stopped . But a Die Linke ( the Left party ) politician told Der Freitag this is simply a move `` to extract a bit of the smell of corruption . ''
'Only possible way '
As German public mood has started to shift against the government 's liberal stance towards refugees , more and more politicians have called for the speeding up of deportations .
In a new package of asylum regulations announced on Friday , the government vowed to speed up deportations to North Africa by assigning Tunisia , Algeria and Morocco as `` countries of safe origin . ''
But this only solves part of the problem . Many refugees arrive in Germany without any papers , either because they never had any , or because they threw them away before they arrived .
According to Der Freitag , a lack of official documentation is the biggest hindrance to deporting rejecting asylum seekers .
The German government has itself defended the policy of asking foreign embassies to conduct nationality checks .
Replying to a parliamentary question from Die Linke ( the left party ) in 2011 the government said that the tests were “ often the only possibility to establish the nationality of the person to be deported . ”
You 've probably heard of gold mining before and the conventional method of digging some sort of hole or tunnel in the ground and hunting for precious minerals ?
These savvy individuals have created computer monstrous looking devices , specifically designed to mine Bitcoins on the internet . Bitcoins are an untraceable virtual currency that has grown in popularity on the more shady side of the internet . They also have more legitimate purposes as well and have received a lot of main stream news coverage lately .
Bitcoins are protected by complex mathematical problems that help maintain the network 's public transaction 's logbook . Bitcoin miners receive 25 bitcoins for every mathematical problem they solve .
According to The Daily Dot , most Bitcoin miners work in pools where the 25-bitcoin reward is cut up and distributed among a group . For the investment , though , 25 Bitcoins really is n't a significant amount of money . Apparently over time , it adds up .
In this video , a Bitcoin miner cools down their computer rig with liquid nitrogen . That seems safe , right ?
These train-wreck like computers are dangerously put together with Lego and other random household products . They cost between $ 1,800 and $ 2,500 and are crammed with high-end computer parts .
In Ottawa , a Bitcoin miner actually accidentally burned their house down after a soldering mishap . There are also safer more legitimate Bitcoin mining outfits out there though .
The popular Bitcoin parody site , Buttcoin.org , shows off even more of these ridiculous looking computers . For more Bitcoin valuation information , check out this link .
Cost reduced , flexibility increased
Acronym of the case study : LibreOffice in the municipality of Neerijnen
Web address of the case : http : //www.neerijnen.nl/
Country of the case : The Netherlands
Case study abstract
The Dutch municipality of Neerijnen has replaced its proprietary office productivity suite with LibreOffice , a free and open source alternative .
The main advantages of moving to LibreOffice have been :
a reduction in costs ;
freedom and flexibility .
The biggest hurdles for the change have been :
convincing staff ;
exchanging documents with other municipalities .
Description of the case
In 2011 , the executive board of the Dutch municipality of Neerijnen dedices to replace its proprietary suite of office productivity tools by the free and open source alternative LibreOffice . The proposal is put forward by the IT department , whose staff is eager to contribute to that year 's cost-cutting drive .
The switch is completed within 12 months .
Economise
The move to LibreOffice has already saved the municipality EUR 9,000 - 13,500 per year – or “ about a euro per citizen ” , says Jan Visser , who oversees the IT department . It is the amount of money the public administration would have otherwise spent on proprietary office licences . They expect that over the next few years savings will increase further , thanks to easier IT maintenance and changes in software support contracts .
Using LibreOffice provides additional benefits , says Visser :
Flexibility . When working from home , staff at the municipality now use the same office productivity tools as they do at work . Previously , this was impossible , as the proprietary licence agreement did not allow staff to run the software on their home computers ;
Improved support . “ Asking a question on the LibreOffice forum will give me seven answers the same day ” , Visser says . “ Previously , we would be calling the proprietary vendor in vain . They never called back . ”
Managing change
For most of the staff at the municipality , the switch is easy . Up until 2011 , Neerijnen is using a decade-old suite of office tools , whose graphical user interface closely matched by LibreOffice .
A few of the municipal staff put up resistance , Visser says , especially when told they would have to install LibreOffice on their own PCs if they wanted to work from home . `` We made it clear that we would not be fixing problems caused by staffers using the proprietary office suite at home , '' they say .
“ Each organisation has sceptics '' , Visser explains . `` We had long conversations to overcome resistance . We managed to convince a few key users , and that helped to win over the others . ”
Visser also told the vendor of the proprietary office suite that the municipality was switching to LibreOffice . `` They responded with a letter demanding an audit of our proprietary licences . ''
The IT department makes light work of the move . LibreOffice works well with most of the other software solutions in use in the municipality . Importantly , there are no problems with importing and exporting data from key spreadsheets .
One of the ICT service providers used by Neerijnen , Decos , almost instantly adapts its document and client relationship management solutions to allow integration with LibreOffice . In stark contrast , a few of the departments of Centric , one of the country 's two dominant providers of municipal ICT solution , refuses to support LibreOffice , says Visser . “ Day to day it mostly works , but a few of their solutions require a proprietary spreadsheet . ''
Introducing new ideas
According to Visser , the costs of moving to LibreOffice were lower than those needed to upgrade to a newer version of the proprietary office suite . Both approached required document templates to be updated , but the move to LibreOffice involved hardly any training costs .
Neerijnen spent EUR 5,000 to train the municipal staff to use LibreOffice .
`` Even today , we hardly get any questions on how to use LibreOffice - as if nobody noticed that we changed , '' Visser says . As always , users are eager to learn new tricks , shortcuts and to use innovative services , they say . `` The best thing ? We now have an automated way to create PDFs in emails . ''
The freedoms that come with free and open source software means that Neerijnen is quick to implement other such solutions . For working with images and graphics , staff can use GIMP . For compressing and archiving files , they use 7-Zip and for transferring files across networks FileZilla is available . `` We do n't invest in actively switching to open source '' , Visser explains , `` but whenever we need to renew a proprietary solution , we begin by searching for free software alternatives . ''
In its budget , Neerijnen earmarked some EUR 7,000 to develop new software to interface with an IT system for municipal permits . `` We planned to make this solution available to others , as open source '' , says Visser . `` However , we recently outsourced the permit services , so the development budget was returned to the municipality . ''
The overhaul of document templates and office macro 's allowed the municipality to reduce complexity and improve consistency . `` Finally , our office templates are uniform , '' says Visser , `` and at long last we have common office macros . And on top of that , our electronic files are smaller , so they take up less space on clients and servers . ''
Interoperability clash
The highest hurdle has been to achieve document interoperability with other public administrations . As its default document format , Neerijnen has chosen the Open Document Format ( ODF ) , the native format in LibreOffice . Despite the fact that ODF is one of the national document standards , that should be accepted by every public administration in the Netherlands , support is patchy . `` At times we accidentally send an ODF document to another municipality or a school . They claim such documents are impossible to open , '' Visser says .
Worse , they say many Dutch municipalities simply ignore the requirements of the standardisation board . `` I 've given up calling them to debate this . It takes so much time , and resolves nothing . Our municipal peers are completely locked into proprietary software and formats . ''
The complications of office suite interoperability are hindering public administrations that use open source . Interoperability is muddled by public administration 's use of a confusing mix of outdated and incompatibe proprietary document formats , detailed in the OSOR study 'Complex singularity versus openness ; Open source impeded by incompatibilities and inconsistencies in the Office Open XML document format ' .
To overcome obstacles of this kind , Neerijnen has a single laptop with a licence for a recent version of a proprietary spreadsheet . It is used once a week , Visser says . In the finance department , one PC has a licence for the proprietary spreadsheet . `` Some national government documents require that spreadsheet solution . ''
The same is true for the human resources department , which is forced to use a proprietary database application . A fourth licence was acquired to allow a projector to beam presentations that come in a proprietary format .
Project size and implementation
The public administration of Neerijnen uses 80 PCs . These are maintained by the IT department , which employs three system administrators and six application administrators . They manage everything related to ICT , including the municipal address database ( in Dutch Basisregistraties Adressen en Gebouwen ) , its geographic information systems ( GIS ) and some 40 Linux servers , including 20 running Linuxes .
Migration to LibreOffice took less than 12 months . The office suite is installed on PCs , and Neerijnen updates LibreOffice every six months .
Exit costs ( for overhauling document templates )
not calculated , as the municipality would have to make these costs , regardless of whether it moved to LibreOffice or upgraded to the proprietary alternative .
Training cost
Neerijnen spent EUR 5,000 to train its about 90 Full Time Equivalent ( FTE ) municipal staff .
Licence costs ( for suite of office productivity tools )
Neerijnen pays EUR 0 for its use of LibreOffice licences .
It would have had to pay EUR 9,000 - 13,500 per year to use the proprietary alternative .
Maintenance and interoperability
Vissers says LibreOffice has lowered IT maintenance costs , however , the time saved on is negated by the time spent on fixing document interopability errors . `` Hidden mistakes in document formats become apparent only when exchanging the document between open source and proprietary office solutions . ''
Technology solution
Technology choice : Open source software
Lessons learnt
Scope : Local ( city or municipality )
Megaladapis , informally known as koala lemur , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] is an extinct genus belonging to the family Megaladapidae , consisting of three extinct species of lemurs that once inhabited the island of Madagascar . The largest measured between 1.3 to 1.5 m ( 4 to 5 ft ) in length .
Adaptations
Megaladapis was quite different from any living lemur . Its body was squat and built like that of the modern koala . Its long arms , fingers , feet , and toes were specialized for grasping trees , and its legs were splayed for vertical climbing . The hands and feet were curved and the ankles and wrists did not have the usual stability needed to travel on the ground that most other lemurids have . [ 3 ] Its pedal morphology suggests Megaladapis evolved to live in an arboreal environment . Its foot had a large hallux and lateral abductor musculature that helped it to grasp vertically on trees , features shared by other arboreal species . [ 4 ] Its head was unlike that of any other primate ; most strikingly , its eyes were on the sides of its skull , instead of forward on the skull as in all other primates .
Its long canine teeth and a cow-like jaw formed a tapering snout . Its jaw muscles were powerful for chewing the tough native vegetation . Based on the microwear patterns of its teeth , Megaladapis is believed to have been folivorous , using a leaf-cropping foraging method . These patterns found no permanent upper incisors or the presence of an expanded articular facet on the posterior face of the mandibular condyle . This diet and similar phenotypic traits of the teeth are the basis for concluding a shared ancestry with the Lepilemur . [ 5 ] The diet , however , might be the factor that influences the dental development . Species with a larger brain , later initiation of molar crowns , and longer formation of crown are considered to have more of an omnivorous diet . In contrast , Megaladapis lived on a folivorous diet , despite having a smaller brain , early initiation of molar crowns , and fast crown formation . [ 6 ]
Its body weight reached 50 kg ( 110 lb ) . The shape of its skull was unique among all known primates , with a nasal region which showed similarities to those of rhinoceros , a feature that probably combined with an enlarged upper lip for grasping leaves . [ citation needed ] It had the largest body size of any lemur , with double the body mass of the next largest extinct lemur . [ specify ] An endocast of its skull showed that it had a brain capacity of about 250 cc , about 3 to 4 times the size of a domestic cat 's , [ 7 ] which is small for its size when compared to other lemurs . [ 6 ] Compared to the size of the skull , the diameter of the orbits protrudes outwards and forwards in a tabular form , suggesting that Megaladapis was diurnal . [ 8 ] Based on when molar crown initiation occurred , Megaladapis 's gestation period is thought to have been at least 198 days , but was likely longer . [ 6 ]
The island 's topography was always changing , and like other lemurs , Megaladapis was specialized within its own niche . The general expectations of tree climbers such as Megaladapis is that with an increase in size , the body 's forelimbs will also increase proportionally . [ 9 ]
Some exterior scratches and incisions were found on both its metatarsus and its mandibula . The cuts on the metatarsus are comparable to those found in caves and are thought to have been produced by humans , while those on the mandibula seem to have been produced by some instrument engineered for cutting – indications that the Megalapadis was at some point in direct contact with the anatomically-modern humans of its time . [ 8 ]
There are several well-preserved fragments of the upper and lower jaw . The upper molars of Lepidolemur are very close in shape to those of Megaladapis . The main difference between the two is that the outer crown-surface of Lepidolemur 's molars forms a nearly straight line , almost parallel with the long axis of the skull , and the outer side is slightly concave inwards . The antero-internal cingulum is missing in the molars of Lepidolemur . [ 7 ]
Details about the anterior parts of the dentition , the canines and incisors , are difficult to determine . The bulle osseve [ clarification needed ] are broken away . The foremost facial portion and base of the skull is also wanting . The total length of the skull of M. madagascariensis has been calculated to be about 250 mm ( 9.8 in ) , about from three to four times that of a domestic cat . Based on the wear on the teeth , the obliteration of most of the sutures of the very thick bones , and the strongly developed crests , it is believed to have been an elderly individual . [ 10 ]
Cultural references
It is often believed that Malagasy legends of the tretretretre or tratratratra , an extinct animal , refer to Megaladapis , but the details of these tales , notably the `` human-like '' face of the animal , match the related Palaeopropithecus much better . [ 11 ]
Extinction
When humans arrived on Madagascar 2,300 years ago , in addition to the species that are still alive today , there were at least 17 species of now-extinct `` giant '' lemur among the mammals living there , which included the Megaladapis . The landscape in which giant lemurs were found were largely forested areas with dense vegetation . Almost directly after human arrival , there was a rapid decline in the spores of Sporormiella which indicates a decrease in megafaunal biomass . Charcoal microparticles being found in surveys of various areas in Madagascar give evidence to the fact that human habitat modification only occurred after this decline in megafaunal biomass . Charcoal deposits provide evidence to the fact that humans used fire to clear large pieces of land very rapidly . The habitats that Megaladapis once lived in were very well adapted to be turned into grasslands , which provided little to no cover from outside forces for these creatures . Thus , the scientific conclusion arrived upon is one that hypothesizes that `` giant '' lemur populations , like the Megaladapis , were on the decline due to habitat fragmentation , and human activities ( for example , clearing of land through `` slash-and-burn '' techniques ) were the final push to extinction for these lemurs between 500 and 600 years ago . [ 12 ]
Over-hunting by humans was also deemed a major contributor to the extinction of `` giant '' lemurs . Minor droughts are frequent in Madagascar , but a major drought approximately 1000 years ago significantly lowered lake levels , caused a severe vegetation transition , and caused fires to spark in fire-prone grasslands and savannas . Crop failures due to these conditions would drive inhabitants to hunt for bushmeat to survive , and these giant lemurs were an easy source of said meat . [ 13 ]
Megaladapis were slow-moving , bulky creatures that were diurnal , or active during the day . Lemurs in general also had small group sizes and were highly seasonal breeders ( ( they breed for about one to two weeks a year ) . [ 14 ] These features already put them at an evolutionary disadvantage ; Megaladapis ( along with the other species of giant lemur ) were more susceptible to predators ( humans more specifically ) , forest fires , and habitat destruction due to these traits . [ 15 ] The low breeding rates also made recovery from devastating loss of life among the species very difficult to recover from , as evidenced by the eventual extinction of Megaladapis . [ 14 ]
Gallery
Images of Megaladapis Megaladapis edwardsi skeleton
Skull of M. madagascariensis .
M. grandidieri skeleton
Inaccurate 1902 life restoration of M. madagascariensis
Fossils of molars of Megaladapis .
[ 10 ]
Saudi military bulldozers have almost razed Awamiyah to the ground amid the deadly crackdown on the besieged Shia town , forcing hundreds of its residents to flee their homes .
The Middle East Eye news portal cited activists as saying that authorities have resorted to compulsory evictions in and around the historic al-Mosara district of Awamyiah .
The residents , according to the activists , have been driven out of their homes , while their property has been confiscated by private development firms .
The report also published an image showing a requisition order pinned to a house in the district of al-Shweikah , close to al-Mosara , which was issued by a private company with the authorization of the so-called National Joint Counterterrorism Command ( NJCC ) .
Reports coming out of the town say Saudi military forces have been firing randomly at homes and cars in Awamiyah , destroying or setting fire to several houses and shops .
Amateur videos circulating on the Internet shows the city has been reduced to rubble , with activists saying those left inside are suffering from a lack of electricity , water , rubbish collection or fire services .
“ There is a plan for forced displacement , ” said Ameen Nemer , a Saudi activist originally from Awamiya . “ It does n't matter where these people will end up . ”
Awamiyah , located in the eastern Qatif region , has been under military lockdown since May , when Saudi troops began destroying al-Mosara .
Riyadh claims al-Mosara has become a hideout for “ militants , ” who are behind attacks on security forces in Eastern Province , but locals and the United Nations say the regime is after erasing cultural heritage in the Shia town and redeveloping the area .
Some eight people have been killed by the Saudi military in the town over the past days .
On Wednesday , Saudi police opened fire on a bus transporting people who were trying to flee the town , killing a civilian .
Nemer further said the regime is pursuing a politically-motivated project to depopulate and destroy the Shia town .
“ It has nothing to do with al-Mosara and development , it has to do with punishing this town for being vocal for calling for rights , calling for reforms since 2011 . ”
Since 2011 , Eastern Province has been the scene of anti-regime demonstrations , with the protesters calling for freedom of speech , the release of political prisoners , and an end to economic and religious discrimination exercise by authorities .
NEWS OF THE MORNING
‘ Melo , Knicks agree to stay quiet on contract | Howard dominates in debut | Cavs get ‘ grimy ' win | Thompson impresses in win vs. Lakers | Rookie Carter-Williams creates buzz for Sixers | Still no extension for Jazz 's Hayward
No . 1 : Anthony , Knicks agree to not discuss contract during season — Prepare to be disappointed if you 're rooting for another bout of ‘ Melo-drama surrounding Knicks star Carmelo Anthony and their future . Anthony , who put the Denver Nuggets through some ups and downs during the 2010-11 season as their pending free agency hung in the balance , has an agreement in place with New York 's GM to not talk about their contract , writes Marc Berman of the New York Post :
Knicks general manager Steve Mills , despite the sudden dismissal of Glen Grunwald four days before training camp , said there still are the highest of expectations from ownership . “ In terms of an edict , we try to win every year , '' Mills said before the Knicks ' 90-83 season-opening win over the Bucks Wednesday at the Garden . “ Our goal is to try to win the championship and be as competitive as we can possibly be . '' Earlier in the day , ESPN reported Dolan told their coaches they “ expects '' to win it all despite removing the man who built the roster . Nevertheless , a source said Dolan simply was expressing extreme confidence in their players . As for Mills , they might have more pressure in delivering Carmelo Anthony on a long-term contract this summer . “ Any job like this is a high-pressured job , '' Mills said . “ I 'm excited about being here . I feel very good about our team . We 're out to try to win a championship this year . You only feel pressure in this kind of environment but it 's a good pressure . '' Mills said they and Anthony have agreed to talk only basketball and not about their contract future . That could mean Mills has no plans to even offer Anthony a three-year contract extension when they could do so in February . Anthony already has said multiple times they want to be a free agent to be in position for a five-year deal . “ Carmelo and I , the first day of training camp , we both agreed we would n't have any more conversations about their ability to opt out or us negotiating an extension , '' Mills said . “ I 'll stick to what I had agreed to and not talk about their contract status . ''
* * *
No . 2 : Healthy Howard dominates against Bobcats — Rockets center Dwight Howard has been saying all season that their back troubles are behind him , he 's happy playing in Houston and ready to prove he 's still the best center in the league . That much was on display last night in the Rockets ' home-opener as Howard dominated on the glass , collecting 26 rebounds to tie a career high . Our own Fran Blinebury caught up with Howard after the game , who is feeling great and wants to keep this hot start rolling :
All that mattered was that Howard was finally playing a game for the Rockets that counted in the standings , and for the first time after two tumultuous and dissatisfying seasons , things were different . Looking dominant . Having fun . This was the way that Daryl Morey always hoped and wished it would be over all those months and years when they were trading players and draft picks and office furniture in an attempt to get the kind of super-nova stars in their lineup that would make the Rockets relevant again . “ I was nervous , ” admitted the general manager . It 's one thing to lie awake at night staring at a ceiling filled with fast-breaking fantasies and quite another to roll reality out onto the floor and expect it to work . It did , if only in fits and start , and based on the overwhelming raw numbers of Howard 's work on the glass and around the basket . They made eight of 14 shots from the field , blocked two shots and gobbled up 26 hungry rebounds , which equaled their career high . “ I really was trying to get 30 , ” Howard said . “ I wanted to get 30 rebounds . I was upset that I did n't do it , but I 'll try next time. ” More than numerical goals , it 's the fact that they can try without worrying about the effects of a surgically repaired back or a bad shoulder that make all the things they might do the next time and next time and next time a possibility again . … “ He 's the elite basket protector in the league when he 's healthy , ” said Bobcats coach Steve Clifford , who was an assistant on the staff when Howard was in Orlando and was Mike D'Antoni 's No . 1 aide last year in L.A. “ I 've gone through stretches of two-three weeks when we were in Orlando where they just dominated the game . “ Watching them on film and talking to him , I just think they feel a lot healthier . He 's moving a lot better and he 's playing with great energy . He 's such a physical force and he 's also a very smart player that when he 's right — and right now it looks like they are — they can impact every play at both ends of the floor. ” … “ He never last year moved like he 's moving now , ” Clifford said . “ He 's looking like a different guy . With all the frustrations that everybody had to deal with there last year…he 's got pride and they had played at a level in Orlando that they could physically never get to last year ( in L.A. ) . I think that 's where it all started . “ People can say whatever they want about our team last year , but those guys fought hard . ( Howard ) could have sat out . We went 28-12 the last 40 games with our backs to the wall , playing every night to get to the playoffs . Those guys did a great job and they were right in the middle of it . They did n't give in . Again , until Kobe got hurt , I think we were the team people were saying , ‘ Man , I 'm not sure I want to match up with them ' when we were seventh or eighth . Because we were playing well at that point . ”
* * *
No . 3 : Cavs get ‘ Gritty-Grimy-Ugly ' in season opener — In their first go-around with the Cavaliers , coach Mike Brown was known for the defense-first mentality they gave to Cleveland during the LeBron James era . As they begin their second stint as coach in Ohio , Brown is sticking to their old tricks and trying to grind out wins however they can . Brown had nothing but praise for their squad after a season-opening win against the Nets , writes Terry Pluto of The Plain Dealer , which was sealed by a free-throw line jumper by Anderson Varejao of all people :
Welcome back to Mike Brown 's world . The Cavs did n't just beat Brooklyn , 98-94 , before a sellout crowd of 20,562 at Quicken Loans Arena , they did it Brown 's way . The Cavs new/old coach called it : Gritty . Grimy . Ugly . “ And that 's how I like it , ” said Brown . How does Gritty-Grimy-Ugly look ? It 's winning a game with Kyrie Irving scoring 15 of the hardest points of their career . What else can you say when the All-Star guard shot 4-of-16 from the field ? “ He got seven rebounds , ” said Brown , preaching the Gospel of Gritty-Grimy-Ugly . … It 's was more than Gritty-Grimy-Ugly . It was one huge human being defending the basket and setting some cement-truck picks . They are 7-foot , 280 pounds with arms that seemingly reach to the clouds . Two seasons ago , before their knees became inflamed , Bynum averaged 18 points and 12 rebounds . That was with the Lakers under a coach named Mike Brown . They missed all of last season due to those knee injuries , and Brown is unsure how much he 'll play this season . This was a Mike Brown type victory where no one scored 20 points , but six players had at least 10 points next to their name . It 's a game they called “ ugly ” at least three times , a game where the Cavs out-hustled the far more experienced and talented Nets . Brooklyn came to town with seven players who have been All-Stars and an $ 189 million payroll . “ I wanted us to fight , and I thought our guys did , ” said Brown . “ It was our ability to defend and rebound ( that did it ) . ”
* * *
No . 4 : Thompson puts on a show against Lakers — If Warriors guard Klay Thompson keeps this up , Golden State is going to be even tougher to stop on offense than last season . Thompson ignited a rout over the Lakers last night , going for 38 points on 15-for-19 shooting , which included a 5-for-7 mark from 3-point range . More impressive to Thompson was they had this night while their father , former NBA star Mychael , was in attendance , writes Rusty Simmons of the San Francisco Chronicle :
Klay Thompson 's father can be awfully tough on him , but the third-year guard 's opening-night performance Wednesday was so spectacular , it earned a handshake from even one of the harshest of critics . “ He was probably proud , ” Thompson said after their father , Mychal , found their way to the Warriors ' postgame locker room to offer congratulations . “ It was a special moment. ” … “ It 's the best feeling in the world , especially when you win and the crowd is into it , ” Thompson said . “ When you 're scoring like that and your teammates are finding you , there 's nothing better. ” After a preseason in which the Warriors struggled to integrate four new rotation players and did n't seem to completely find their footing following a weeklong tour of China , they looked like a true contender in beating the Lakers for just the sixth time in the past 39 meetings . With as lofty expectations as ever swirling around a Golden State team and pregame introduction pageantry that only added to the hype , the Warriors thrilled the 39th consecutive sellout crowd at Oracle Arena with their largest opening-night victory ever . They had twice won openers by 28 points , in 1967 and 1978 . “ That 's how big-time organizations do it , and I thought our guys did a great job of being ready after all of the ( pregame ) cheers , ” head coach Mark Jackson said . “ When the ball went up , they were ready and prepared , and it was a thing of beauty from the beginning to the end. ” Thompson made it pretty simple . They were the front line of the defense , being a consistent pest to Lakers point guard Steve Blake , and they were the game 's best offensive player – appearing simply unguardable . The Lakers ' guards could n't stop them on the block , they did n't realize they had the range to shoot from 5 feet behind the three-point arc , and they could n't rotate quickly enough to contest the seemingly instant release on their jumper . Thompson said they knew they had it going in the pregame , when they knocked down about 95 percent of their shots . By game time , it was obvious to everyone else . “ He 's thirsty to score , ” Jackson said . “ He wants to shoot . ”
* * *
No . 5 : Carter-Williams creates buzz in debut — Michael Carter-Williams could n't have asked for a better way to start off their NBA career . They were on fire against the defending-champion Heat last night , flirting with a triple-double as they put up 22 points , 12 assists and nine steals in Philly 's 114-110victory . The rookie was seemingly everywhere in the Sixers ' win , particularly on defense , and amazed the home crowd with their overall play , writes Bob Cooney of the Philadelphia Daily News :
But Sixers rookie Michael Carter-Williams outplayed pretty much everyone and posted a ridiculous line of 22 points , 12 assists , nine steals , seven rebounds and only one turnover to lead the Sixers to the improbable , 114-110 win in front of a near-sellout crowd of 19,523 . “ I was just going out there and trying to play my part as a team , ” Carter-Williams said . “ I 'm going to do as well as the team does . We had a lot of guys going . Evan was great , Thad [ Young ] was great [ 10 points , six rebounds ] , and Tony [ Wroten ] coming off the bench [ 14 points ] was awesome . I was able to find some openings , and they were able to find me on some open shots , and that got me in the rhythm. ” Carter-Williams did a fantastic job of using their length to get into passing lanes all night . As the night progressed , the rookie seemed to gain more and more confidence in their first professional game . “ The stats speak for themselves , really , ” Brown said of their point guard 's debut . “ I actually thought they could have had one more steal . They were in the wrong place . “ We tried to come up with a game plan , and you try to come up with how the team is going to play overall , and they are a big part of that , and with their length and them cheating and reading gambles where we have to turn them loose a little bit . They were really good . What do you say ? Just look at the win and look at the stat line . They were really , really good . ”
* * *
No . 6 : Still no deal for Utah 's Hayward — Last we heard , the Jazz and forward Gordon Hayward remained far apart on hopes of a contract extension . That was three days ago . Today is the deadline for them ( and other 2010 draftees ) to sign an extension with their team and there has n't been much forward movement in that direction , writes Aaron Falk of The Salt Lake Tribune . The sides are continuing to talk , though :
Gordon Hayward stepped into the center of the media scrum after Wednesday morning 's shootaround , ready for the same question he 's been asked just about every day for the last two weeks . Any news ? Nope . The Jazz and Hayward have until 9:59 p.m. MT on Thursday to reach a deal to extend the 23-year-old swingman 's contract ; otherwise , Utah 's first-round pick in 2010 will become a restricted free agent this summer . So far , no deal has been reached . If Hayward is thinking much about the ongoing talks , he 's not saying . “ The game is the only thing that 's on my mind right now , ” they said . “ That 's what 's important . ”
SOME RANDOM HEADLINES : The Pelicans will be without 3-point shooting power forward Ryan Anderson ( fractured toe ) for 1-3 weeks … New Mavs guard Monta Ellis and ‘ Monta Basketball ' fit in pretty well with Dirk Nowitzki and Co. … Suns might not be as bad as everyone is predicting …
ICYMI Of The Night : On a 14-game night , it 's awful tough to pick the one play that stands out the most . But our vote today is going to this Anthony Davis finish off an alley-oop from Brian Roberts …
Category : HT News , Morning Shootaround / Tags : , Carmelo Anthony , Cleveland Cavaliers , Dwight Howard , Golden State Warriors , Gordon Hayward , Houston Rockets , Klay Thompson , Michael Carter-Williams , New York Knicks , Philadelphia 76ers , Utah Jazz / 4 Comments on Morning Shootaround — Oct. 31 /
More than 120 Koreans died after being forced into labor by colonial Japan during World War II on its island of Hashima , which Tokyo is trying to register on the UNESCO heritage list , a government report showed Thursday .
Some 122 Koreans were confirmed dead after being forcibly taken to coal mines on Hashima Island , or Battleship Island , in the Nagasaki Prefecture and working under terrible conditions at the height of Japan 's colonial rule of the Korean peninsula , according to the report drawn by the forced laborer investigation commission under the Prime Minister 's Office . Korea was under Japanese colonial rule from 1910-45 .
The victims were among 800 Koreans forcibly drafted to work for the Japanese military during the Pacific War , the report showed . The Pacific War refers to the parts of World War II that took place in the Pacific Ocean .
The report was written based upon Japanese documents about deaths of the forced laborers on the island and interviews with survivors , the commission said .
Located some 15 kilometers from Nagasaki , the now-uninhabited island was known for its coal mines during the industrialization of Japan . Japanese firm Mitsubishi bought the island in 1890 and began the project of retrieving coal from undersea mines , where thousands of forced laborers from Asian countries including Korea worked under terrible circumstances , according to the commission .
`` Koreans were generally sent to underground shafts more than 1,000 meters long despite the imminent danger of them collapsing . The shafts were too cramped for workers to stand upright , and temperatures there used to soar over 45 degrees Celsius , '' a survivor told the commission , requesting anonymity .
The island was completely isolated from the outside world , and anyone attempting to escape was caught and subjected to harsh torture , the report said , citing survivors ' accounts .
`` Due to my extreme pain there , I even thought of cutting my body parts myself to be expelled from the island , '' another survivor said .
Most of the Korean laborers on Hashima were also exposed to radiation as they were mobilized for restoration work in Nagasaki regions after the U.S. atomic bombing in 1945 at the end of World War II , the commission said .
`` Closing mines on the island , Mitsubishi destroyed charnel houses there and arbitrarily disposed of remains , which keeps us from even getting picture of those who suffered there , '' commission official Yoon Ji-hyun said .
After petroleum replaced coal in the 1960s , Mitsubishi officially closed the mine in 1974 , which has since been so deserted as to be called Ghost Island , before trips to the island were resumed in 2009 .
`` Tokyo has never mentioned such appalling incidents while pushing for its designation on the UNESCO World Cultural Heritage List in 2015 . The government and Mitsubishi should take due responsibility for the atrocities and try to retrieve the remains , '' the official added .
Historians say millions of Korean men were forcibly drafted into the Japanese workforce during its colonial rule from 1910-45 , and more than 200,000 women from Korea and other Asian nations were sexually enslaved to serve wartime Japanese soldiers . ( Yonhap )
Friday , February 24th , 2017 ( 3:57 pm ) - Score 9,352
The Government 's effort to force broadband ISPs into logging a much bigger slice of all your Internet activity , irrespective of whether or not you 're even suspected of a crime , has been partially put on hold as a result of last year 's related ruling from the Court of Justice of the European Union .
The situation centres around the recently introduced Investigatory Powers Act 2016 , which among other things proposed to introduce a highly controversial system that would require ISPs to store ( for up to 12 months ) comparatively detailed Internet Connection Records ( e.g . the websites / servers you 've visited ) for all their customers ; this would also be accessible without a warrant ( here ) .
A preliminary Code of Practice , which was published last year , suggested that an ICR 's “ core information ” will most likely include the customer 's “ account reference , a source [ Internet Protocol ] and port address , a destination IP and port address and a time/date ” ( details ) , but some providers may be expected to collect even more than this . NOTE : A full interception warrant would still be required in order to obtain the most detailed information ( e.g . the content of your communications ) .
Simplified Interpretation of an ICR Log
Account ID
Date ( Time ) Source IP ( You )
Destination IP : Port Data Volume URL 1 19/01/2017 ( 12:01 ) 84.56.232.71 123.45.62.86:80-HTTP 800KB omgfakeballz.com 1 19/01/2017 ( 13:12 ) 84.56.232.71 65.123.45.90:21-FTP 0.2KB ftp.faketest.co.uk 65 19/01/2017 ( 13:14 ) 84.79.130.47 190.45.62.86:80-HTTP 1700KB icanhasyourdata.net
Many people have criticised the ICR system for its blanket approach to mass state surveillance , which is a significant departure from the much more targeted methods of previous laws . However the IPAct 's status was recently cast into doubt , again , after a ruling by the CJEU warned that EU law does not allow “ general and indiscriminate retention of traffic data and location data , ” except for “ targeted ” use against “ serious crime ” ( here ) .
The case is on-going and until this week we 've had no clear indication from the Government about its potential impact upon the IPAct , but all that changed yesterday when the Government published their Draft Codes of Practice for the IPAct ( these are being consulted upon until 6th April 2017 ) . Absent from the draft was any mention of the rules for how ISPs should handle / collect ICRs and , thanks to Arstechnica , we now know why .
Government Statement : “ The European Court of Justice handed down a judgement relating to the UK 's communications data regime in December . The matter must now be considered by the domestic courts and the consultation on the communications data code of practice has been deferred until this has taken place . ”
At the very least this will give broadband ISPs and mobile operators a little more time to consider the implications of the IPAct and perhaps a dash of hope that the Government might be forced to water down their legislation , which in a single move has seen the United Kingdom adopt one of the most extreme state surveillance laws of any Western democracy .
Lest we forget that personal privacy is a founding tenant of most democracies because it helps to shield the people , as well as political opponents and journalists etc. , from abuse by Governments that hold too much power . Take that protection away and all it takes is one bad leader to screw up the freedoms that so many millions have died to protect .
However it 's worth remembering that even if the Government is forced to water down the law then the future impact of Brexit could conceivably result in mass surveillance being reintroduced further down the road . Mind you the CJEU states that any data being retained must be kept within the EU , which adds another complication . Time will tell . We 're currently awaiting a date for the next round of the court battle .
Jose Mourinho was pictured leaving Manchester 's Lowry Hotel on Wednesday morning – shortly after Paul Stretford , the agent of Wayne Rooney .
However , the pair 's departure within minutes of each other was merely a coincidence and they did not hold talks over the future of the Manchester United captain .
The 31-year-old has started only 12 Premier Leagues games under the Portuguese coach this season and continues to be linked with a summer move away from Old Trafford .
Jose Mourinho leaving the Lowry Hotel shortly after Wayne Rooney 's agent , Paul Stretford ( R )
Mourinho 's side face Celta Vigo for a place in the Europa League final on Thursday evening
Everton has been touted as a possible destination for the England international , while they have also been tipped to ditch the Premier League for a move to MLS or the Chinese Super League .
Stretford was seen leaving the Lowry on Wednesday morning , just minutes before the Manchester United manager – who has been living at the five-star hotel since they took over from Louis van Gaal in the summer .
As reported by Sportsmail last month , Stretford flew out to Beijing earlier this year and is continuing to explore the possibility of taking their client to the Far East .
A move to Everton , meanwhile , would require Rooney to take a pay-cut of at least £100,000-a-week while finding a deal in the US to suit them and their family could be a problem .
Manchester United are preparing for a crucial Europa League semi-final with Celta Vigo on Thursday .
Winning the competition remains United 's best chance of securing Champions League football next season , after defeat at Arsenal on Sunday further dented their chances of finishing in the top four .
Mourinho 's side welcome the La Liga outfit to Old Trafford on Thursday , having secured a 1-0 lead in the first leg last week .
Marcus Rashford scored the only goal of the game in Vigo , having been selected to lead the line in the absence of the injured Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
Rooney , meanwhile , was left on the bench in Spain and resolving their future is a crucial job facing Mourinho this summer .
Rooney pictured checking into the Lowry ahead of the clash with Celta Vigo at Old Trafford
Rooney has been linked with a move to Everton as well the Chinese Super League and MLS
Stretford is tasked with resolving the 31-year-old forward 's future , which remains uncertain
EXCLUSIVE : New Line and director Tim Story have chosen Jessie T. Usher to play the progeny of detective John Shaft in Son of Shaft , which is gearing up to begin production later this fall . Samuel L. Jackson is negotiating a deal to return to reprise the role they played in the John Singleton-directed reboot of the Gordon Parks-directed 1971 action classic . Also returning , per sources , will be Richard Roundtree , who starred in the original film and returned in the 2000 film , in which Jackson 's character played their nephew . The script for the new film is by Kenya Barris .
REX/Shutterstock
The studio and filmmakers searched for months to find the right young actor for the splashy role , before deciding the right guy is Usher . Usher 's biggest role to date came in Independence Day : Resurgence . They return as the lead of the Starz series Survivor 's Remorse , with the fourth season beginning August 20 . They will play the son of the detective , who , after long being estranged from their father , finds themselves teamed up with him . The young man is an FBI agent , a cyber expert , and the partnership with dad is an uneasy collision of old school meets new school .
CAA and MGMT Entertainment rep Usher . The new Shaft film is produced by Davis Entertainment 's John Davis and Barris , the black-ish creator . Story is repped by UTA and Barris by CAA and Principato-Young . Jackson is ICM Partners and Anonymous Content and Stone Manners Salsners Agency and Patrick McMinn Management .
Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images
The summer of 2014 will be one of change for Manchester United following the sacking of David Moyes , and the latest news coming out of Germany suggests the team 's chances of landing Thomas Mueller during the transfer window are ever improving .
The player 's agent told German newspaper Bild Mueller has no interest of joining Catalan giants Barcelona but refused to comment on a potential transfer to the Premier League , amid speculation the German international is not happy about their role with current club Bayern Munich , as reported by ESPN FC 's Stephan Uersfeld .
Ludwig Koegl reportedly told Bild , `` Barcelona definitely is not an issue for Thomas , '' just one week after the player themselves said they `` can give no guarantees for all times '' when asked about a potential transfer by an Austrian newspaper .
As shared by Zizouology , Kicker magazine this week claimed Premier League interest for the player is at an all-time high :
Following an absolutely dominant campaign in the Bundesliga and an even more impressive season in 2012-13 , winning just about every trophy the team could win , it is no great surprise teams all over Europe are reportedly interested in some of Bayern 's top players .
While it seems unlikely a great number of players will be departing Bavaria this summer , several of these rumours are n't just speculation . Mueller 's agent speaking out is just the latest example of a player actively refusing to rule out a move away from the club .
Via the Mail Online 's Kit Holden , Toni Kroos refused to rule out a move away from the club last month . Bild quoted an unhappy Javi Martinez , via Bundesliga expert Clark Whitney , and per Gianlucadimarzio.com , the agent of Mario Mandzukic travelled to London in March for discussions with Chelsea and Arsenal .
All of these players speaking out could be indicative of a serious problem in Bayern 's dressing room . This is n't just the media fabricating transfer rumours—these are top players actively reaching out to potential suitors .
Perhaps new manager Pep Guardiola places too much pressure on a team used to winning trophies their way , or perhaps their usage of the tiki-taka system has players like Kroos and Mueller fearing for their future .
Mueller came off the bench during the team 's loss in the first leg of the Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid and did n't play for the full 90 minutes in the return fixture . One of the most versatile players in all football , they lack a clear profile as one can not point out what exactly it is they do best on the pitch .
Julian Finney/Getty Images
Is Mueller an attacking midfielder by nature , or do you play them further up the pitch ? Do you play them out wide or bring them back in the centre ?
But it is this versatility that makes them such a unique player . The German international is the ultimate tool to work with as a manager , functioning almost like a Swiss pocket knife .
At United , they could play all over the attacking unit , be it in support of a main striker like Robin van Persie , out on the wing next to Wayne Rooney or further in the centre as a distributor , paired with Juan Mata .
Linking up with Louis van Gaal , the man who launched their career in Munich , could also be an appealing prospect for the 24-year-old .
Talk of a move away from Bayern is still very premature , as the player is yet to explicitly express their desire to leave , and their main focus will be on the upcoming World Cup in Brazil .
But amid all of the rumours linking some of the club 's top players with moves away from the Bundesliga , do n't be surprised if Mueller 's agent speaks out again once the tournament is over .
Whether Mueller is using the Premier League 's interest as a tool in ongoing contract negotiations or their desire to move abroad is legitimate remains to be seen , but the situation certainly deserves United 's interest regardless .
Follow @ DeKleineBelg
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) —A stronger U.S. dollar is an obstacle to the Federal Reserve 's ability to meet its inflation mandate and will impede growth , Charles Evans , the president of the Chicago Fed , said on Saturday .
“ It 's a headwind , ” Evans told reporters after giving a speech on the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund 's annual meeting .
“ [ A ] Higher dollar is going to have an effect on our net exports , it is going to reduce it a bit . And it is also going to lead to lower import prices and likely have an effect that our inflation data will be lowed , ” Evans said .
Earlier , in their speech , Evans said there is “ more uncertainty ” in the global economic outlook than the Fed had expected .
Evans said they were restricting their comments to the effects of the stronger dollar on the U.S. economy and had no comment on U.S. dollar policy .
Evans said that they expect the economy to growth at a 3 % pace , but because housing is n't acting as its typical engine of growth , a lot of things have to go right to get that growth rate .
“ It is in that context that as I see the global uncertainties at a fairly high level it makes me a little concerned about the forecast , ” they said .
“ It is much too soon to take on any headwinds from around the world , ” they added .
Experts said the U.S. government would only tolerate a stronger dollar versus the euro as long as European officials follow through with structural reforms .
Evans is one of the most dovish of the regional Fed presidents , and said the Fed should wait until early 2016 to raise interest rates . They will be a voting member of the Fed policy committee next year .
Evans suggested they would support altering the Fed 's guidance to give some quantitative sense that the central bank would tolerate inflation above 2 % for some time , as long as projections did not show prices spiking higher .
“ Inflation below 2.5 % for some period is not inconsistent with our 2 % inflation objective , and sort of allowing for a little bit more of that to show in to our forward guidance to demonstrate patience , I would be amenable to that , but not everybody would be , ” they said .
Guest post by Covesting , who we recently featured .
The biggest barriers to entry and mistakes new potential investors are making can often cause many new potential investors in the Cryptocurrency world to shy away from crypto . The recent success of Bitcoin and Ethereum has quickly gained notoriety across the globe on many different media platforms , sparking an influx of newly interested investors who face a challenge in trying to learn the ropes of the many intricacies that go into buying and securing coins and tokens .
Some of the common mistakes new investors make , or barriers that prevent them from investing in the first place include , but are not limited to :
Unsure of where to buy Cryptocurrency , and unwillingness to go through length identity verification processes needed to make an initial purchase .
Lack of understanding of how to send , receive , and store Cryptocurrency securely .
Many new ICOs are scams , or have no intention of following through on the projects they claim to be able to build .
Bad decision making ; many new investors often will panic-sell currencies that are dropping and buy the latest currency to increase 20 % in the last 24 hours…often leading to a correction in the opposite direction .
Many new investors fall prey to bad information , or terrible advice . Online channels where members share investing advice often has purposely misleading information , uneducated opinions , and dangerous advice for new investors .
# Covesting – Make Profitable Crypto Trades with Copy Trading – great read at CHIPIN https : //t.co/crzNFSK5CX — Covesting ( @ covesting ) October 17 , 2017
One new startup aims to bridge the gap between novice investors and Crypto-trading experts for mutual benefit
Covesting , a fintech start-up by former Saxo Bank traders , has developed a revolutionary new platform using one of the hottest trends from traditional investing . Their platform allows users to deposit BTC , ETH , and even fiat ( like EUR and USD ) and then “ subscribe ” to professional crypto currency traders who are searchable by investment strategy , risk , past performance , user reviews , and popularity . By subscribing , Covesting 's platform will automatically replicate all the trades made by the professional trader in real-time . Covesting is planning to establish partnerships with various cryptocurrency exchanges , which will allow professional traders to use any of those platforms to make trades and in turn make trades on behalf of the investors who subscribe to them . Users only pay a small percentage of profit , and will not be subject to paying any professional trader who does n't prove their value by earning them money . Users can also subscribe up to 20 different professional traders at one time , allocate different percentages of their portfolio to different traders , and unsubscribe from a trader at any time .
Why Covesting is on pace to change the way many invest
Have you ever woken up from a night 's sleep only to realize a 20 % drop in your portfolio because a regulatory change in China crashed the market ? One of the biggest challenges to being a successful investor in crypto , is the amount of time needed to make informed decisions . Often , breaking news , or sudden changes can cause huge swings in demand in either direction for many or single cryptocurrencies . 99 % of investors do not have the time to monitor 24/7 news cycles that affect the crypto sector . One of the biggest changes from traditional investing with stocks , is the crypto market is a 24/7/365 day business , and those who are able to focus their full attention into the industry , will be in a position to make the most accurate decisions .
Learning is paramount
The largest hill to climb for many investors is learning about the hundreds of different coins , how they interact , which coins compete against which other coins , and how news around the globe will affect value . Like many other facets of life , investing requires learning , and the best way to learn is through coaching and mentorship . The Covesting platform allows for “ social investing ” , users can share their trading history , relevant research they find , explain investment decisions they 've made , review traders , and form a community .
Covesting ICO
In order to develop the platform within the shortest period of time , Covesting team has decided to go for Initial Coin Offering ( ICO ) . Covesting provides exceptional opportunity to take part in the token crowdsale and benefit from the platform growth by purchasing Covesting Tokens prior to the beta-version launch of the copy-trading system .
ICO is scheduled for November 24th , however , there will be a Presale arranged for partners willing to purchase COV tokens prior to the public ICO . Pre-ICO will occur on 20th October – 19th November , 2017 . Token purchase rate is fixed at 1 ETH = 300 COV , which offers significant discount compared to an average rate during ICO , which will be 1ETH = 150 .
As soon as the platform goes live in 2018 the price of the COV coins is expected to go up as more traders , experts and investors join the bandwagon , thus , creating a higher demand for these coins .
The company has allocated a total of 1,500,000 COV for this purpose and aiming to collect 5000 ETH by selling the coins . Pre-ICO shall be executed on first-come , first-served basis , therefore availability of tokens ca n't be guaranteed for all interested participants .
Outlook
Now that many “ innovators ” have entered the crypto market , the next phase is to continue attracting “ early adopters ” in an effort to make blockchain technology and cryptocurrency mainstream . Bridging the gap and knocking down the barriers preventing mass adoption is critical in the expansion of the industry . A study by the Cambridge Center for Alternative Finance concluded in May that there were only 3 million people who have actively traded a Cryptocurrency , just .04 % of the world 's population . Covesting hopes to change all that .
If you would like to have your company featured in the Irish Tech News Business Showcase , get in contact with us at [ email protected ] or on Twitter : @ SimonCocking
Credit : Marvel Comics
Updated July 6 , 2017 : Marvel has released a timeline showing how it arrived at the Legacy numbering for The Incredible Hulk - which also corrects the previously reported Legacy number of Incredible Hulk # 708 ( see below ) . Instead , Incredible Hulk will now resume its classic numbering with # 709 .
Here 's Marvel showing their math :
Credit : Marvel Comics
Original Story : Writer Greg Pak will continue their ongoing run with Amadeus Cho from Totally Awesome Hulk to the renamed-and-renumbered The Incredible Hulk # 708 , as part of Marvel Legacy , according to ComicBook . Pak will be joined by their recent Weapon X collaborator Greg Land in a new arc which will send Cho to Sakaar - the setting of Pak 's memorable `` Planet Hulk '' arc .
`` Since this is comics , it makes sense that eventually we 'd revisit the 'Planet Hulk ' storyline in some way or another , right ? '' Pak said . `` But no , I never dreamed it would happen quite in this way , and I 'm loving it ! This has been a kind of banner year for me in terms of 'Planet Hulk ' - I also had the chance to write the prose novel of 'Planet Hulk ' that comes out in October , so I 've had this world back in my head and heart for months now . 'Planet Hulk ' remains one of the most fun things I 've ever worked on in comics , so I 'm thrilled with every chance to return . ''
Cho actually appeared in the original `` Planet Hulk '' storyline , albiet on Earth trying to learn what the Illuminati had done with their friend Bruce Banner .
Credit : Marvel Comics
`` I 'm having a particular blast digging into the world in this unexpected way . Amadeus was actually one of the few Marvel heroes besides Banner and the Illuminati who had any involvement in the original 'Planet Hulk ' storyline at all -- they fought Reed Richards to find out what had happened to the Hulk and eventually sided with the Hulk during World War Hulk , '' explained Pak . `` So it makes sense that Amadeus should be the one to return to Sakaar for an adventure of their own . He 's a cocky kid who 's always so certain of their own take on things and they had such strong opinions about what happened to Banner during 'Planet Hulk ; ' now that he 's about to experience something similar , we 've got a great chance to see how he 'll react differently and what he 'll learn . ''
Incredible Hulk 's `` Return to Planet Hulk '' storyline begins with Cho-as-Hulk landing in Fillia - a distant country on Sakaar referenced in the original `` Planet Hulk '' storyline .
`` Spoiler alert : Throughout the original 'Planet Hulk ' storyline , we referred periodically to Fillia , the distant nation that Sakaar 's Red King always seemed to be at war with , '' Paksaid . `` In 'Return to Planet Hulk , ' Amadeus finds themselves in the middle of Fillia , which is now a bleak wasteland , bombed into barbarism by the Red King 's war . A group of desperate survivors who know about the legend of the Green Scar have reached out across the universe seeking the Hulk - and they find Amadeus . I do n't want to spoil the story too much , but they find a desperate people under impossible attack from an implacable enemy , and we 'll see if he 's got the right kind of monster inside to help them . ''
Banner 's Hulk was marooned on Sakaar but thrived due to the savageness the green goliath possessed , but Cho 's 'Totally Awesome ' Hulk does n't have that kind of bite - and it will make a big difference according to Pak .
`` During the original 'Planet Hulk , ' the Hulk found themselves for the first time on a world so brutal and oppressed that their strength and righteous rage were seen as virtues . It was the story of a monster becoming a hero . Amadeus , on the other hand , has been a different kind of Hulk , '' said Pak . `` He did n't think of being the Hulk as a curse or a monster within ; they were a cocky kid who thought they were gon na save the world as the best Hulk ever . So we 'll see if that 's still their same state of mind as they enter this story -- and we 'll see if that kind of happy warrior Hulk even has what it takes to save the world on Planet Sakaar . ''
Here is the solicitation for the first issue , due out sometime this fall .
INCREDIBLE HULK # 708
Written by GREG PAK
Penciled by GREG LAND
Cover by GREG LAND
RETURN TO PLANET HULK !
Continuing directly out of the pages of MARVEL LEGACY # 1 and the transformative events of GENERATIONS !
When Amadeus Cho picks up a distress signal from a distant planet he 's shocked to find out it 's from SAKAAR . As the Totally Awesome Hulk , he 's been trying to avert the curse of anger that haunted Bruce Banner . But SAKAAR is a place for warriors and gladiators…a place where the Hulk fought brutally in the Imperial Arena…who is calling Cho for help ?
Well , shit
When rumours first started surfacing about the prospect of a new and more powerful PlayStation 4 console , I could n't help but be a little concerned . Despite the fact that this is a tactic that 's been employed by Nintendo in the past with both its handheld consoles and , to a lesser extent , the various expansions for devices such as the Nintendo 64 , I 've always been a little hesitant about mid-generational upgrades when looking at them from a pro-consumerist standpoint .
For instance , while many games perform reasonably well on both the original 3DS and the newer and more powerful console in its family , there are situations such as the one that occurred with the handheld port of Hyrule Warriors where some games simply do not run as expected on the older hardware . The biggest point of concern for me was of the possibility of something similar occurring with the PS4 Pro and the older , less-powerful machine .
Unfortunately , this looks to be the case with Team ICO 's long-anticipated The Last Guardian .
According to Digital Foundry , The Last Guardian fluctuates wildly between 20 to 30 frames per second on the original PlayStation 4 , which results in a game that simply does not feel smooth or fluid to play . To put it simply , playing The Last Guardian on the original PS4 is a sub-optimal way to experience it , which is a damn shame .
Things are n't much improved on the PS4 Pro in its 4K mode , which suffers from similar issues , albeit nowhere near as heavily . For the most part , the framerate is much better than that of the base console 's , but there are a few moments where it actually performs worse than the less powerful hardware . Either way , performance is nowhere near optimal in this mode , which is a huge let-down .
Even more worryingly , PlayStation Universe reports that the The Last Guardian 's framerate can even dip below 10 , although this was seemingly resolved by restarting the entire PS4 console .
In order to get achieve a mostly consistent framerate , you 'll need to play The Last Guardian in 1080p on a PS4 Pro . In this case , the game will render at that lower resolution , so it wo n't look as nice as the 4K mode does , but the console will then be able to dedicate the rest of its resources to the game 's overall performance , which in turn ensures that the game will run at a more stable 30 frames per second . This lower resolution mode on the PS4 Pro will still suffer from the occasional dips , but they 're nowhere near as extreme as those encountered on the base console and on the Pro 's 4K mode .
To make things worse , The Last Guardian will not allow players to manually select what resolution they want to play the game in when it 's actually running . You 'll actually need to go into the console 's settings and change the output resolution from there if you want to run the game in a different performance mode . This means that if you 're an owner of a 4K TV , you 'll be playing The Last Guardian with significantly worse performance by default .
I really and truly hope that both The Last Guardian 's framerate can be improved on both the original PS4 and the Pro 's 4K mode and that this sort of situation is the exception rather than the rule when going forward . If anything , I 'd love it if the PS4 Pro 's more powerful hardware could just be relegated to being a rather nice -- but entirely optional -- extra , instead of something that 's going to be a mandatory purchase in order to play games at even 30 frames per second .
The last thing I want is for developers to neglect the older PS4 console in favour of the Pro , as it only harms the early adopters of Sony 's current-gen console and those who simply can not afford to upgrade to the new hardware .
Even though I was critical of the frame-pacing issues in Final Fantasy XV , it 's at least clear that Square Enix put a lot of time and effort into ensuring that the game runs at a nearly solid 30 frames per second on even the original PS4 , with the Pro receiving some relatively minor-yet-welcome upgrades on top of that . Likewise , the soon-to-be-patched-in 60FPS mode for Final Fantasy XV that Square Enix is promising really does just seem like a nice upgrade that improves the PS4 Pro version of the game without adversely affecting owners of the older console . I 'd love it if more developers could take inspiration from this , as it ensures that every PS4 owner gets to play a perfectly functional game , while also giving Pro owners a superior experience .
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
CNN 's Don Lemon Comes Unglued Over Susan Rice : ‘ We Will Not Aid and Abet People Trying to Misinform You ' ( VIDEO )
CNN 's Don Lemon and their bow tie decided to go on a rampage , denying President Trump was illegally surveilled .
Bombshell news just dropped that former National Security Advisor to Obama , Susan Rice ordered the unmasking of Trump and their private associates , so very fake news , CNN is in spin mode .
Don Lemon did n't want to insult the high I.Q . viewer 's of CNN so they said , ‘ On this program tonight , we will not insult your intelligence by pretending ' it 's legitimate .
Don Lemon : “ So let us be very clear about this , there is no evidence whatsoever that the Trump team was surveilled or spied on illegally . There is no evidence that backs up the President 's original claim and on this program tonight we will not insult your intelligence by pretending otherwise , nor will we aid and abet the people trying to misinform you , the American people by creating a diversion . Not gon na do it . ”
So here we have Baghdad Don saying that there is no evidence whatsoever to back up Trump 's original ‘ wiretap ' claim even though the evidence is mounting and the wagons are circling . They do n't call CNN VERY fake news for nothing !
VIDEO
VICTORIA - BC Green Party MLA Andrew Weaver says he 'll seek the leadership of their party before the next provincial election .
Weaver became the party 's first elected MLA when they defeated Liberal cabinet minister Ida Chong in the riding of Oak Bay-Gordon Head on Vancouver Island in the 2013 provincial election . But they said at the time they were too busy learning the ropes as a rookie MLA to also handle leadership duties of their party .
`` I thought about how much I enjoy this position , how much I enjoy serving the constituents of Oak Bay-Gordon Head and how there 's a huge opportunity in B.C . for politics differently , '' Weaver said Monday .
`` So when there 's a leadership convention , probably wo n't be next year , until 2016 , I will throw my hat into the ring and seek leadership of the BC Green Party . ''
Former provincial Green candidate Adam Olsen is currently interim leader of the party .
Weaver said they expect Olsen to run again in the riding of Saanich North and the Islands . Olsen finished third in a tight three-way race with the NDP and Liberals that was decided by fewer than 400 votes . The NDP 's Gary Holman won the riding .
rshaw @ vancouversun.com
===
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
On Friday night 's “ NewsHour ” on PBS , New York Times columnist David Brooks criticized House Republicans for passage of a farm bill earlier this week that included agricultural subsidies but stripped out funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) , or food stamps , which would have funding appropriated in a separate House of Representatives bill .
Brooks called that a political and a substantive disaster for not showing any effort to reform agricultural subsidies .
“ The House Republicans are making it difficult for me to be a big cheerleader this week , ” they said . “ This started with a decent impulse , that we have this sort of weird system , where we have a political alliance . We put the food stamp program with the agricultural subsidies , and so you get people on both sides voting for it , and that would guarantee passage year after year . All these people come to Washington and say , we 're going to change things . We are going to cut the ag subsidies . We 're wondering why food stamps is exploding as a program . Maybe we need to cut that back . ”
“ And so they say , let 's change things , ” Brooks continued . “ And that is sort of a decent impulse . But at the end of the day , what do we have ? They 're not really cutting ag subsidies . They 're just catering to their old interests , just as before , but they 're tripping stripping out the food stamp program . So they 're giving money to corporate farmers . They 're taking , at least delaying money to poor people who need food . So it 's a political disaster . And it 's also a substantive disaster , because they have n't really changed the ag subsidies . ”
Later in the segment , Brooks keyed in on the food stamp program and an area of government needing reform due to waste . However , Brooks said based on their own research for a column they ultimately did not write , such criticisms were not warranted .
“ I was going to do a column , because the Republican critics are correct that the number of people on food stamps has exploded , ” Brooks said . “ And so I was going to do a column , this is wasteful , it 's probably going up the income streams to people who do n't really need the food stamps . And so , this was going to be a great column , would get my readers really mad at me , I would love it , it would be fun . But then I did some research and found out who was actually getting the food stamps . ”
“ And the people who deserve to get it are getting , ” they continued . “ That was the basic conclusion I came to . So I think it has expanded . That 's true . But that 's because the structure of poverty has expanded in the country . And so to me it seems like a legitimate use of money . And if you want to replace it with an EITC , or Earned Income Tax Credit , or another thing , that would be legitimate . But it 's — right now , it seems like a reasonably good program . ”
Earlier this year , many of the Obama administration 's efforts to increase food stamp program participation were uncovered , including one that explained to illegal immigrants how to get assistance without showing documentation . Another effort showed an aggressive push by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to enroll seniors in the program .
Follow Jeff on Twitter
Christine Hartman of Savoy sat on a bench in Champaign 's West Side Park while their friends searched for their group , the League of Women Voters . They go by Bamm and carries a cane wrapped in rainbow yarn .
Hartman has chronic pain and depression . They received expanded Medicaid and is frightened about recent efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act .
“ I have very generous friends who will help me out , but I know that I am an exception ; I am not the rule , ” Hartman said . “ There are so many thousands of people who will die ; that 's unacceptable to me . ”
Hartman is n't alone . Thousands of men , women and children descended to the park Saturday morning for the Women 's March on Champaign-Urbana . Hosted by the Champaign County Young Democrats , the event is one of 673 registered marches worldwide in affiliation with the Women 's March on Washington .
Steve Donaldson drove down from Bloomington , Illinois . Although they came with their daughter and two granddaughters , they have another two granddaughters , two daughters and two sisters . Donaldson was concerned for them , so they rallied .
“ I 've always wanted them to achieve as much as they can in life , and I do n't want to see their abilities taken away from them , ” Donaldson said . “ Chances taken away from them that they 've worked so hard to get to this point . ”
Donaldson carried a sign saying , “ Men of quality do not fear equality. ” They wrote a quote from former president Barack Obama on the back of the sign .
“ It 's just my duty to come down here and remind people how important it is to our future , to our country and to the future of our race to make sure things do n't get reversed , ” Donaldson said .
State Rep. Carol Ammons kicked off the event with a pre-march speech . Several speakers followed , including Evelyn Reynolds of Black Lives Matter C-U and Sanaa Khan , a University student and member of the Muslim Students Association . An American Sign Language interpreter stood next to the women as they spoke .
Kara Hagen of Urbana came with their young daughter Rwen . Both said they were displeased environmental issues never came up in any election debates .
“ We are here to support women , the Earth and all ( that ) the government is not supporting well enough these days , ” Hagen said .
Rwen said they came to support seals . They carried a pink sign strewn with the phrase , “ support the seals . ”
After roughly an hour of speeches , marchers lined up on the sidewalk next to University Avenue . Volunteers stationed along the route , seen wearing vests and badges , led the group .
Because of the massive crowd , organizers canceled the intended march to Cowboy Monkey . Instead , they marched from West Side Park , through downtown Champaign , looping back to the park .
This proved confusing for many as the leaders returned to the park while a majority of marchers waited to form a line . Some participants left the march and instead headed to downtown Champaign for other scheduled events .
Shalonda Carr is a teacher at Martin Luther King Jr . Elementary School in Urbana . They wanted to represent their students , some of whom are immigrants .
“ Part of my poster is what they think is important and what they demand from our new president , ” Carr said .
Carr did n't go for one reason ; they came for anything that falls under human rights .
“ They said everything that I would have said , which is respecting everyone , making sure that America is a place that should be welcoming and ( where ) people want to come . ”
After marching , attendees were encouraged to head to Cowboy Monkey , where post-march programming continued . Organizers announced during the opening rally they created an original drink at the bar named “ Nasty Women. ” For every purchase of the drink , the bar donated a dollar to Planned Parenthood .
As of Saturday afternoon , 2,479 people had RSVP 'd for the event on Facebook . Prior to Saturday morning , organizers expected between one to two thousand attendees . Although they did not attempt counting an official turnout , they estimated nearly 5,000 people attended .
According to the national march 's website , over an estimated 2.5 million people marched worldwide .
[ email protected ]
* Any views expressed in this article are those of the author and not of Thomson Reuters Foundation .
TRIPOLI , Lebanon , December 19 ( UNHCR ) - AC Milan legend Franco Baresi has opened a renovated sports centre in the Lebanon city of Tripoli under a UNHCR project aimed at helping young Syrian refugees overcome trauma and make friends with Lebanese children .
The AC Milan Foundation funded the improvements made to the Btekhnay sports centre , where boys and girls , including those living with disability , can play sports in safety . Two other sport centres in Tripoli were also restored as part of the `` Sports for Peace '' project .
Baresi , who is regarded as one of football 's greatest ever players and won the Champions League three times with AC Milan and the World Cup for Italy in 1982 , said they were happy to support Sports for Peace . `` It was amazing to see the results achieved , such as the rehabilitation of safe play spaces like the Btekhnay Sport Centre and the training of 45 coaches , '' they said after opening the centre last week .
Sports for Peace was launched last March and aims to support Syrian refugee children and young people who are trying to overcome the traumatic consequences of their displacement . This will help them better interact and integrate with the local Lebanese community .
More than 1,400 children , Syrian and Lebanese , attended the opening ceremony . `` It was a really touching experience to see the children play , enjoy themselves and smile after so much pain . This is further evidence that sport is a really powerful tool to promote integration and peace , '' said the 54-year-old Baresi , who retired in 1997 but still coaches .
The Sports for Peace initiative also includes training for 45 coaches on the importance of providing protection for young people and on gender equality . Sports for Peace is at the centre of a partnership between UNHCR and the AC Milan Foundation .
`` Sport is an important vehicle to promote the core values of good sportsmanship and respect and is an essential tool for building a culture of peace . This is why we hope that the collaboration with the AC Milan Foundation can continue , '' said Federico Clementi , who heads UNHCR 's private sector fund-raising operations in Italy .
By Alberto Bobbio in Tripoli , Lebanon
For more information , go to : http : //www.fondazionemilan.org/en/news/show/155264
Daily Reaction : PS3 vs PS4 and How GT6 Will Mark the Beginning or the End
With numerous rumors and a recent retail listing pointing to Gran Turismo 6 hitting the PS3 this Christmas , around the same time as the PS4 is expected to come out , Daily Reaction discusses the PS3 's ten year lifecycle and when Sony should fully focus on the next gen .
Seb : Back in February , Sony 's Michael Denny casually mentioned GT6 on PS3 for this holiday , Newegg has listed the game on PS3 for a November release and several rumors have said the game is coming to PS3 , not PS4 .
The fact ( if it is true ) that the game is coming to PS3 is n't that surprising – Polyphony has spent a huge amount of time and money making the game engine and assets for the PS3 , and releasing another game on the platform will end up being much cheaper and take far less time to make .
The problem , however , is that the release date seems to be right in line with the PS4 's , so that they could be out within a month or so of each other ( the PS4 could even come out first ) . That means that , should these rumors be true , Sony 's biggest IP will be hitting their old console just as their new one comes out . That 's crazy . Mainstream press attention , consumer attention and general hype will be split , causing both products to suffer . Gran Turismo is also a game which you can play for a particularly long time , so those gamers wo n't upgrade for a while – especially because the PS4 does n't have backwards compatibility .
And , before anyone says it , DriveClub is n't a sufficient replacement .
Dan : This really will be the big problem that both Sony and Microsoft will have to face as they move away from their already established installation bases and try to push a new platform . Can Sony financially drop the PS3 right out the gate as their new system launches , and forget the 60+ million people who already own one ? No , they ca n't . They also can not completely push a product that will cannibalize the PS4 's launch , a time where you establish an ecosystem that is supposed to fuel the future of the company across the next generation .
This winter I think we will see a bit of double handed product placement , as the PS4 will be the forerunner for the Sony brand as a whole , given its obvious improvements , and the PS3 will have products ( GT6 ) leaked out under the shadow to fuel the fans until they upgrade . Likely , most of the first-party studios will have to finish any current PS3 projects ( unless they have been moved to the PS4 ) , and then they will all be pushed on to the next hardware and never look back . Given the huge installation base and the dropping presence of the major hitters , I think this will be a big opportunity for the mid-tier developers to capitalize on the market , especially internationally – which will keep the PS3 games flowing for some time .
Seb : Yeah , I agree . Sony has to support the PS3 to keep their fans happy , show that investing in the PS3 was n't a mistake , so that way people know that investing in a PS4 wo n't be a mistake . But they still need to tread carefully , and ensure that they give the PS4 enough focus .
The ten year lifecycle announcement was a huge promise when Sony made it at the PS3 's launch , and it helped soften the blow of the enormous price tag . Now they have to try to live up to that promise , and it 'll be hard for them to do that when they 're already juggling so many different platforms . The PS4 will need all the help it can get when it launches , and the Vita desperately needs some games , so Sony ca n't have too many developers working on PS3 titles .
If Sony are smart , they will continue to support the PS3 for a couple of years , but with fewer and fewer games – and not release any of them too closely to any big PS4 games or the PS4 itself ( like they might be doing with Gran Turismo 6 ) .
There is sense to keeping the PS3 alive – both to support their fans and earn a profit off of the large installation base that they can use to fund PS4 titles . But Sony often has trouble balancing its priorities , and may end up spending too much time on the PS3 and completely forgetting about the Vita and , to a lesser extent , the PS4 .
Dan : I do n't think Sony will forget about the PS4 much like they have with the Vita , the platform will just have way too much sway right out the gate to be passed over , not to mention it will be the future of their games division over the coming years.Also , I think Sony could do just fine by encouraging the indie scene on the PS3 , while allowing third party developers to carry the torch of the bigger titles . How long this would have to go on though would be up to Sony , not simply due to when they get tired of producing the hardware , but when they actually decide to launch their cloud service .
Gaikai will be the inevitable answer to this problem , meaning that the segmentation of the platform is only a temporary problem , as the ultimate goal will be to once again unify all platforms and their products under one service . Development for all parties will finally make more cohesive sense when the PS4 is capable of utilizing all available titles , as well as be the end point of production of PS3 hardware in those regions where cloud is reasonable .
The only real issue will be how Sony will handle their current PSN consumers , who already own a number of digital titles that will not be so easily carried over to the next generation . Even though Gaikai will potentially allow you to play Journey on PS4 , what if you already own the game ? Will you have to re-buy it ?
Sadly , if Sony does not properly handle the transition of products before closing off any development of the PS3 , they will more than likely burn any chance of getting those millions of fans to once again invest in a Sony digital platform – killing the service right out the gate .
How long do you want Sony to support the PS3 ? Are you hoping to stick to this gen until the PS4 is a few years in , or do you want Sony to go into the next gen with both feet forward ? Let us know in the comments below , email us creepy pictures at [ email protected ] and follow our 10 year Twitter rants at Seb and Dan .
“ I guess it all started pretty innocently enough . The UX guys would be asking for a new module or something . You know the sort of thing : a search box or paginator . Whatever . So I 'd give that block a class like ‘ search-widget ' or ‘ paginator ' ; something to make my stylesheet more readable and to help me contain styles within those blocks . It really helped . ”
“ Then some guy told me about this thing called ‘ selector performance ' . The idea was you could make the page faster by using classes more than selectors . So I would start putting classes inside these blocks , on pretty much anything . Instead of using .paginator li , I 'd put a class of , like , .page on each of the list items . It was a bit time consuming ‘ cos I 'd have to change the template logic to add the class . There was a lot of pressure to be ‘ perf ' , though , so I put the time in . I was so caught up that I never thought to check if selector performance was a real thing . ”
“ Before long , I 'd gotten into the hard stuff . I was putting multiple classes on any one element . They were n't your normal classes either ; they were those high-power ‘ modified ' classes you get . There were hyphens all over the shop . I knew I had a problem when I was looking at an input element with three classes on it . I stared at it for ages , then it finally hit me : ‘ There 's no type attribute ! ' ”
< input class= '' form_elem input input -- email '' / >
“ The thing I regret the most is how my class addiction affected my relationship with HTML . I 'd write blog posts about how to structure classes using whatever methodology I was on at the time and I 'd provide some code snippets . I 'd always use < div > s in the examples . You know , just as placeholders . But these examples started making their way into my UI prototypes after a while , which turned out to be a slippery slope . Soon enough , sites in production were using < div > s for everything : buttons , headings , checkboxes , whatever . It was like Drupal , but even more obsolete . ”
“ At the height of my addiction , I was using Sass for loops to generate classes for elements that I was n't sure would ever exist . It was a bitter pill to swallow , but I had to face up to the truth : I had become a CSS expert . ”
“ These days I 'm doing a lot better . It 's been a long road , but I 've managed to give up using classes in my CSS altogether . They said it could n't be done but , little by little , I made the changes I needed to make . The whole experience has been a learning curve and I think I 've come out the other end a much wiser person . ”
< input data-style= '' form_elem input input -- email '' / >
First , the Affordable Care Act -- Obamacare -- is the most free-market capitalist health-insurance policy strategy in the world . Nothing like it exists . Every other nation that has submitted a solution to the healthcare challenge relies on far more government intervention . Essentially four healthcare policy strategies exist worldwide : healthcare fully provided by the federal government ( Britain , Italy , Spain , Hong Kong , most Scandinavian countries ) ; government `` single-payer '' health insurance ( Canada , Taiwan , South Korea ) ; health insurance provided exclusively by highly regulated non-profits that function almost like utilities ( Germany , Japan , France , Belgium and Switzerland ) ; and of course , the old `` Good Luck with that Lump '' systems where if you do n't have money , you simply are out of luck ( Burkina Faso , Rural India , Cambodia ) .
But Obamacare did n't take any of these approaches or create any massive new bureaucracies : Obamacare 's Exchanges are free markets where private companies compete for customers - the essence of market capitalism and the genesis of all innovation and cost efficiency . Quite the opposite of single-payer systems , in the insurance exchanges no services are provided by government whatsoever . Go ask a Republican what exactly they would do in place of Obamacare . Their answer is a mixture of vigorous head-nodding and a voodoo word soup - a verbal scarecrow draped in words like `` choice '' and `` free-market '' and `` empower '' that unravels after two follow-up questions . Here , watch Jeb Bush perform this careful verbal ballet over brain-numbing piano music , conveying the substantive equivalent of `` I like puppies , grandparents and apple pie . '' Do you wonder why there is no substantive grit ? I 'll tell you .
Obamacare finds its intellectual roots not in progressive philosophy , but in in proposals by free-market conservative thinkers ( See Page 6 and 7 of Assuring Affordable Health Care For All Americans by the Heritage Foundation , 1989 ) , which specifically advocated not only for the individual mandate and the expansion of Medicaid but also the lower-income subsidies - way back when Reagan was president . Both a mandate and low income subsidies were involved in Bush # 1 's healthcare proposals in 1991 , as well as a 20-senator Republican consortium 's proposal as an alternative to `` Hillarycare '' in 1993 ( the Health Equity and Access Reform Today Act of 1993 , HEART . ) A program very similar to Obamacare was pushed by Mitt Romney for Massachusetts in 2006 . But mysteriously , with the passage of Obamacare , Republican talking points switch to frame this exact policy strategy as a socialist boondoggle and a fascist government take-over .
Here is another reason that Obamacare is conservative : when Americans got super sick , a lot of us went bankrupt . 60 % of bankruptcies were caused by the inability to pay medical bills . Bankruptcy limits individual market participation and future access to credit , but it also inevitably increases rates to all borrowers , further limiting credit availability for starting businesses , buying homes and investing . Less bankruptcy means less defaults means less systemic risk . What would you guess has happened to the bankruptcy rate since Obamacare ? Ask a partisan Republican and they will probably tell you `` Bengazi '' , so better off , instead click here or here . If you wonder why the Republicans have no conservative alternative to Obamacare , it is because Obamacare IS the conservative healthcare strategy : they are just pissed that a black guy stole the idea . Obamacare may be a material win for people with pre-existing conditions , but philosophically , Obamacare 's validation of a market-based policy strategy is a win for conservative thought .
To claim that same-sex marriage is a liberal cause is only more egregious . The Court 's ruling last week simply empowers individuals across all states to set up legal marriage contracts with another person regardless of gender . If conservatives are not in favor of keeping government out of our lives , what are they about ? The notion that the state should decide which legal contracts consenting adults can choose is the epitome of the big government that conservative philosophy loathes . Furthermore , the longing for marriage has taken a population that was - in the 1970s and 80s - radical and extremist revolutionaries , marginalized , excluded from society and outcast from their families , angry and hell-bent on reshaping the very character of society , and it has converted that population to a voting block whose greatest feigned political advocacy intention is getting their own white picket fence . Once-radicals , who formed the Gay Liberation Front and pushed for boundless free love , the abolishment of social institutions and claimed solidarity with all oppressed peoples - are now begging for stability and commitment , basic protections for their children 's welfare , and the chance to secure low-rate mortgages on very tasteful bungalows with impeccable yards in up-and-coming neighborhoods . The SCOTUS decision both advances stability in communities and precludes the nosey government bureaucracy from intervening in our most personal decisions . Newsflash for Republicans : same-sex marriage the last argument holding the rich white corporate power-gays from voting and donating Republican . Better start making friends .
How did this happen ? While no one was looking , liberalism died . Since the policy failures of the 1970s , and the reactionary Reagan revolution that emerged , it turns out that no one loves the big government programs that were the hallmark of 1960s liberalism . Here is another secret , we all loved Reagan : they are n't perfect , but they were strong and twinkle-eyed and hopeful , and even if they were actually smart , they acted sweet and dumb in a way we really appreciated . They won like 48 states ! We were smitten . And since Reagan , the vast majority of America is decidedly meritocratic capitalists . The French can keep their high tax rates and Canadians can keep their government healthcare and the Russians can keep their terrorizing of gay people . We want to buy our own health insurance and we want the government to stay the hell out of our lives . The Democratic Party figured this out and shifted right , leaving the Republicans stuck fabricating threats to religious freedom and gun-ownership and denying climate change and underinsurance . You almost have to feel bad for them : market-based healthcare and cap-and-trade were their ideas and the Democrats straight-up stole them .
The fact that we do n't see these policies for their philosophical underpinnings demonstrates the blatant extent to which Fox News 's liberal-conservative , good-guy/bad-guy dichotomy has infiltrated our language and our most fundamental understanding of the political dynamics . Blowhards like Ann Coulter repeat the word `` liberal '' disparagingly so many times that none of the Fox News dittoheads are even sure what it means anymore . Ask two . One will tell you liberalism means government tyranny over every aspect of lives -- no more freedom ! The next will tell you liberalism means that anyone can do whatever they want -- too much freedom !
Clinging to the simulacrum of intelligent argument , Republicans now throw half-hearted policy proposals over a scarecrow of racist and homophobic fear and anger . The great modern conservative thinkers -- Milton Friedman , Friedrich Hayek , William F Buckley Jr. have left the room -- and it turns out that most modern Republicans have n't even read them . Most of the great ideas -- health insurance exchanges , carbon tax , the earned income-tax credit and welfare reform , have been adopted by Democrats . What the Republicans have left are Glen Beck , Rush Limbaugh and the Tea Party goons - the fabrication of false problems and the denial of real ones . This is not Conservativism -- it 's desperation . In `` The Essence of Conservativism '' , Russell Kirk wrote `` The conservative is a person who endeavors to conserve the best in our traditions and our institutions , reconciling that best with necessary reform from time to time . ''
Since the outbreak of the Syrian Civil War in Spring 2011 , half a million people are believed to have been killed with millions more internally displaced . Entire cities and key elements of the country 's infrastructure have also been obliterated . Medical facilities including hospitals , clinics , medical centers and pharmacies have also been targeted indiscriminately .
The loss of hospitals and the death of medical workers may prove more costly than bricks and mortar with substantially more people perishing in the long run due to lack of safe areas and medical attention . The scope of the health care crisis may have far reaching consequences for the country 's future .
The frequency of attacks on Syria 's medical infrastructure has been examined by Physicians for Human Rights who recorded a grand total of 346 attacks on 246 separate facilities between March 2011 and December 2015 . 706 medical personal were killed during this time period , 51 percent due to shelling and bombing , 25 percent by shooting and the rest by torture or execution .
Syrian government forces were responsible for the vast majority of attacks , 287 , with barrel bombs ( banned under UN Resolution 2139 ) used on 69 occasions to attack medical facilities . Russian forces have been blamed for 15 attacks , though the Kremlin has denied it has targeted civilians in Syria .
* Click below to enlarge ( charted by Statista )
Mumbai : Lower food prices likely cooled India 's inflation rate in August , a Reuters poll showed , but probably not by enough to give the central bank scope to ease monetary policy again anytime soon . Official data on the Consumer Price Index is due to be released at 1200 GMT on Monday .
The median forecast from the Reuters poll of 27 economists pegs it at 5.50 % for August , down from 6.07 % in July .
The lower number is still above the Reserve Bank of India 's March 2017 inflation target of 5 % and , if realised , would be the fifth straight month that annual price rises stayed above that mark .
“ Owing to the unseasonal decline in prices of vegetables and pulses , the month-on-month momentum in food inflation is likely to have cooled off , '' said Jay Shankar , chief India economist at Religare Capital Markets in Mumbai , who had the same call as the wider poll median on inflation .
“ ( But ) despite expectations of a sharp drop in CPI inflation , we maintain that there is very limited headroom for further rate cuts at the current juncture . ''
The Reserve Bank of India has chopped 150 basis points off its benchmark interest rate since January 2015 . A Reuters poll last month suggested another cut was likely in the final three months of this year .
In contrast to the slowdown in consumer inflation , economists in the poll predicted wholesale price inflation to have picked up to 4.01 % in August from 3.55 % in July .
The poll also showed that annual growth in industrial output was expected to decelerate to 1.7 % in July from June 's eight-month high of 2.1 % , due to a slower pace of expansion for electricity generation and mining .
Infrastructure output , which accounts for nearly a third of total industrial production , grew at a slower annual pace of 3.2 % in July .
A slowdown in industrial activity does not bode well for Asia 's third largest economy , especially after overall growth faltered to a 15-month low between April and June . REUTERS
Polling by Shaloo Shrivastava and Khushboo Mittal .
For West Virginia 's biggest utility company , coal is no longer king . Rather , like many deposed regents , it 's now in a power-sharing coalition .
Chris Beam , 48 , the newly minted chief executive of Appalachian Power , is looking to build solar and wind farms despite favorable new coal policies coming down from the governor 's mansion and the White House .
“ The current administration in Washington , D.C. , is very pro-coal , which is a good thing , but they run in four-year increments , ” Beam told HuffPost by phone last week . “ The last administration was not pro-coal . So , what we try to do as a company is we try to look more long-term . ”
Beam , a native of Wheeling , West Virginia , who has spent 27 years at Appalachian Power , said the company plans in 20- to 40-year increments ― and looking out that far , the plummeting price of renewables makes solar and wind more attractive investments .
“ Our investments have to span what could be multiple governors in the governor 's mansion or multiple presidents sitting in Washington , D.C. , ” Beam said . “ We do n't get into the four-year swing based on who is sitting in what chair , but more around what is the best thing to do from our customers ' perspective . ”
Carlos Barria/Reuters A coal miner shakes hands with President Donald Trump as Trump prepares to sign Resolution 38 , which nullified the Stream Protection Rule .
Appalachian Power already has 495 megawatts of wind energy , bolstered by its purchase of a 20-year contract for 120 megawatts last June . For now , it does n't sell any solar energy . The Charleston Gazette-Mail first reported on Appalachian Power 's plans .
Part of the company 's push into renewables comes from a desire to attract more corporate customers , like Google , Amazon or Walmart , which have set goals for powering their operations with 100 percent zero-emissions energy . Beam declined to name any specific companies he 's been courting .
“ These corporations are setting targets that they have to meet from a renewables perspective , and that 's being driven by their boards of directors , ” Beam said . “ That 's an input for us . ”
Appalachian Power is far from alone . This week , Virginia 's largest utility announced plans to power 1.3 million Virginia and North Carolina homes with solar by 2042 . Last week , Duke Energy Corporation , headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina , said it wants to cut coal use by one-third . Even a coal museum in Kentucky went solar last month , citing it as a cheaper energy source than coal .
Still , Beam shies away from the debate over climate change invigorated by President Donald Trump , who has dismissed global warming as a Chinese hoax .
In its first 100 days , the Trump administration relaxed rules on methane emissions , lifted a temporary moratorium on federal coal leasing and signed an order to review the Clean Power Plan , the sweeping Obama-era regulation to cut emissions from the utility sector .
Hard-line denialists are pushing the White House to withdraw from the Paris Agreement , the historic 195-country deal to slash greenhouse gases . References to climate change have disappeared from federal websites . House Republicans have invited industry lobbyists to help rewrite rules on how agencies use science .
Even outside government , climate denialism has gained an upper hand . Last week , The New York Times defended poaching a notorious climate science critic from The Wall Street Journal as a “ diversity ” hire .
We 're past the argument on climate change . Chris Beam , Appalachian Power CEO
To be clear , an overwhelming body of peer-reviewed research indicates that a huge increase in greenhouse gas emissions , chiefly caused by the burning of fossil fuels , is warming the planet and altering the climate . The uptick in violent storms , droughts and the rapid retreat of glaciers are already tangible symptoms of climate change , scientists say . Yet a decades-long Big Tobacco-style disinformation campaign orchestrated by oil and gas interests means there 's still a political debate over the issue .
The swift collapse of the coal mining industry over the last decade has also led to political sparring . Coal was once the economic engine of Appalachian states like West Virginia and Kentucky , but demand has plummeted as cleaner-burning natural gas ― made cheap by advancements in hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , technology ― has become the go-to fuel for the utility sector .
Coal 's decline was hastened by a nosedive in demand from China , which until 2012 purchased U.S. coal at a rapid pace to fuel its booming steel industry and double-digit economic growth . As China shifts away from coal , laying off thousands of its own miners , demand seems unlikely to return anytime soon , if ever .
But coal executives and their mostly Republican allies , including Trump , have blamed environmental regulations for coal 's decline , saying the Obama administration waged a “ war on coal . ”
Rules like the Clean Power Plan certainly did n't help , but the coal industry was crowded out of the market , not suffocated by regulations ― as everyone from the libertarian magazine Reason to billionaire Bloomberg L.P. CEO Michael Bloomberg to coal companies themselves agree .
As energy issues become even more politicized , Beam said they prefer to avoid the debate altogether . But they should have significant support for investing in renewables : Fifty-four percent of West Virginia adults believe global warming is already happening , though a little less than half recognize that it 's mostly caused by human activity . Seventy-five percent support funding research into renewables , and 67 percent favor regulating carbon dioxide as a pollutant .
“ We 're past the argument on climate change , ” Beam said . “ What we 're trying to do is the right thing for the environment . We believe reducing our CO2 footprint is a good thing to do . ”
EIA Coal still overwhelmingly dominated West Virginia 's energy mix as of January 2017 .
Yet even as more energy sources come into play , coal still reigns supreme in West Virginia . In 2014 , 95.5 percent of the state 's power came from coal-fired plants , and that ratio has n't changed much over the last three years .
“ We still burn a lot of coal , ” Beam said . “ We are also pro-coal . We do n't want anybody to lose sight of the coal facilities we have . ”
Have you ever noticed how some people seem happy all the time ? Have you ever secretly wished you were one of them ?
Years ago , I remember watching an Oprah show about the Blue Zones . The Blue Zones are specific areas of the world where people live measurably longer lives , such as Sardinia Italy , Okinawa Japan , Loma Linda , California , Nicoya Peninsula , Costa Rica and Icaria , Greece .
What I got from watching the show , was that happiness comes from how we relate to ourselves , others and to the rest of the world .
8 Secrets of the Happiest People on Earth
What follows are the 8 secrets to happiness I picked up that you can easily use .
1 . Happy people find their way
Years of having low self-esteem , feeling unwanted , and believing my life had no meaning had finally caught up to me . For months I contemplated whether I would ever taste the fruits of happiness . During that time , I soaked in the sun . I listened to music . I tried to think happy thoughts , but nothing would lift my spirits . It was an excruciatingly dark and lonely period in my life .
Not until I abundantly embraced how happiness must be cultivated from within did my life change for the better and force me to see a common thread among the happiest people I encountered .
2 . Happy people create their own rainbows
Happy people focus on what they have in their lives rather than what they do n't . They recognize that acquiring enough material things to make them feel good is impossible . Fancy cars , big houses , yachts , and a walk-in closet are all nice , but do nothing for the soul . The soul needs gratitude , love , connection , community , reverence for life and an outlet to express itself creatively . When those needs are met , happiness follows .
3 . Happy people look for the light
The happiest people on earth are positive . Even when they are facing a situation with a potentially catastrophic outcome , happy people find the upside of their predicaments . A couple of weeks ago , I attended a class for work and I was drawn to sit next to someone I knew would positively affect me .
My table-mate had multiple sclerosis ( an autoimmune disease that affects the brain and spinal cord ) . From the description of their symptoms , their situation sounded pretty severe . I told them that I did n't know the path for someone with multiple sclerosis ; they gently informed me that it was incurable . I said , “ I am sorry , ” to which they replied , “ That 's ok . I figure because I have it , I can handle it . ”
In speaking with her , I was reminded of just how small my problems were .
4 . Happy people take care of themselves
We ca n't deny the mind-body-soul connection . Have you ever noticed when you decide to eat better , you are more motivated to exercise , or when you exercise , you are more inclined to think positively ? You can not take care of your mind without eventually wanting to take care of your body and soul , and you can not take care of your body without eventually wanting to take care of your mind .
As long as a part of you is neglected , you will feel restless like you should be doing something . The degree of restlessness will be directly related to how neglectful you have been . The only way out of this kind of restlessness is to take care of yourself and your environment .
Happy people do n't spend their days talking about what is wrong with their lives . Sure , life challenges them , just like it challenges us all ; they just do n't complain about it .
They ca n't be bothered with harassing themselves with worry , anxiety , guilt , shame , frustration and other feelings that do n't make them feel good .
And when they do experience these emotions , they do n't allow them to take up residence and control their lives . Happy people speak from a point of positivity . They greet the world with wonder , excitement , and passion–passion for being alive .
Happy people do n't harbor resentment , judgment , grudges or other toxic emotions . Although they have strong social networks , they are also masters of letting go of people who are not good for them . Because happy people are complete , in that they do n't need someone else to complete them , they are perfectly fine with being happy alone , rather than miserable with someone else .
7 . Happy people are humble
Happy people know they are no more important than any other person on the planet . Happy people just see people , not titles , or statuses . They recognize that we are all products of our environments , and some of us have environments filled with a lot of peace , joy and happiness , while others face one challenge after another . Each set of our circumstances , experiences , thoughts , and beliefs has led us where we are .
8 . Happy people do what feels good
Happy people recognize that passion is n't something you discover ; it is something that already exists in you—you just have to release it . Passion exists in each of us and it is our job to bring it to the surface so it nurtures everything we do . Happy people do things that make them feel alive and connected to the world .
Being happy is largely a product of not living in the past or the future , but being present for the moment , so give your undivided attention to what you are doing , or who you are with .
YOU have to realize that your happiness is solely dependent on you .
YOU have to nurture your family .
YOU have to create a meaningful circle of friends
YOU have to take care of yourself through a positive outlook , diet , and exercise .
YOU have to create your own Blue Zone .
So , go out and do it .
What was the happiest time in your entire life ? You can share your insights by joining the conversation in the comment section below
report this ad
Sharing is caring !
Comments
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Two nephews of Venezuela 's first lady facing U.S. charges that they conspired to import cocaine into the United States are getting their defense costs paid for by an unnamed third party , prosecutors said .
In a letter filed on Friday in Manhattan federal court , prosecutors asked a U.S. judge to pose questions to Franqui Francisco Flores de Freitas and Efrain Antonio Campo Flores about their legal fees at a hearing this Thursday .
Both men are nephews of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro 's wife , Cilia Flores , and in the last two months brought on large , prominent U.S. law firms to defend them against charges stemming from their arrests in November .
Prosecutors asked U.S. District Judge Paul Crotty to inquire whether a potential conflict of interest exists due to a third party paying their fees and ask Campo Flores and Flores de Freitas if they waive it .
A conflict could mean it was “ conceivable that the third party could persuade counsel to avoid seeking leniency by having their client attempt to cooperate , or to advise their client to refrain from testifying in their own defense , ” prosecutors said .
Prosecutors also asked the judge to ask who is paying their lawyers , who believe such a question is unnecessary , the letter said .
John Zach , a lawyer for Campo Flores at Boies , Schiller & Flexner LLP , declined comment . David Rody , a lawyer for Flores de Freitas at Sidley Austin LLP , also declined comment .
The case is the latest in a series of enforcement actions and investigations by U.S. authorities that have linked individuals connected to the Venezuelan government to drug trafficking .
The nephews ' case marked an embarrassment to Maduro when it was unveiled last year . Flores in January called the arrest of their nephews a “ kidnapping . ”
According to a U.S. law enforcement source , the two nephews met a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration informant in Honduras in October and asked for help sending 800 kilograms of cocaine to the United States through an airport on the Honduran island of Roatan .
According to the indictment , the pair also participated that month in meetings in Venezuela regarding a shipment of cocaine that was to be sent to the United States via Honduras .
Both men have pleaded not guilty .
Introduction of Two Ban Phases
The League of Legends Mid-Season Invitational ( MSI ) is the first international tournament to use the new competitive rule changes , specifically the move to ‘ two ban phases ' , that Riot put in place prior to the Spring Split . According to Riot , this change was made mainly to allow for more champions to see the rift and to reward a bigger champion pool .
While these goals were achieved , one contentious debate about the change was whether it lowered the game impact a team 's star player and further accentuated the weakest link in the team .
Will Team Centered on a Single Star Player Suffer ?
If a competitive team relies heavily on single player to always carry the team , this star player would have a more challenging time doing so if two or even three of their best champions always end up on the ban list .
It used to be a strength , even a goal in some cases , for a star player to be able to ‘ consume ' two ( sometimes three ) of the enemies bans which are targeted solely at him . This opens up room for their team to pick up their best comfort champions , elevating the team 's performance in general .
However , with this new two ban phases , the opponents will still have a second ban phase and two extra bans to counteract the team 's traditional comfort picks , as well as the type or style of play the team appears to be going for .
With regards to the weakest link , if the player is able to play only a handful of champions at a competitive level which has a place in the current meta , they or they might potentially become a burden if the opponents targets their smaller hero pool in the first ban phase ( leaving the second ban phase for tactical bans based on team composition ) .
Even if the team is more mechanically skilled on a whole as compared to the opponents , the rest of the team has to spend a lot more resources on covering their weakest link instead of building on their advantages in other aspects of the game . It is hard to imagine a team with such an exploitable weakness being successful in the long run .
West Versus East : Impact on the Competitive Scene
At first glance , this change to two ban phases might appear to be a good thing for the western scene , as it appears to lower the impact an exceptionally skilled player can have on the game , shifting the emphasis towards the holistic skill level of the team . One might actually think that this benefits western teams a lot more than eastern teams , which some in the scene might perceive to be more individually skilled in general .
However , I beg to differ – the top players in the west were never really behind the best players in the east ( it might be a different case if we are talking about overall skill level of teams though ) . A case in point can be seen in the finals of MSI – Perkz put on a show for the neutrals when they took Faker head on and triumphed on a few occasions ( see early parts of video below ) . This is not the first time where players managed to keep Faker down in the laning phase – sure it is not a common occurence , but it would be inaccurate to say it is a rare one in recent times .
Two Ban Phases Does Not Erode the Korean 's Advantages
In my opinion , the sustainable edge that the Korean LoL teams have over the Western teams is their teamplay – everything from drafting , shot calling in-game , tactical vision to team fight . We have seen on many separate occasions where teams seem to win the laning phase against the Korean overlords , only for Korean teams to get back into the game bit by bit due to superior shot calling which fully capitalizes on every small misstep of their opponents to claw their way back into the game .
The Koreans firm mastery of objective control and rotation around the map has an iconic effect of choking out their opponents slowly , whom are often forced into making scrappy and disorganized players under such pressure .
Although it is still early days in terms of concluding the true implications of moving to two ban phases , one can potentially argue that the change only serves to widen the gap between the Korean teams and the Western teams – after all , perfectly executed teamplay is not something that bans can target .
In the end , all the hype in the world could n't help Nick Diaz . UFC welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre dominated UFC 158 's main event from pillar to post , landing nine of their 16 takedown attempts , outstriking Diaz 210 to 80 ( according to Fightmetric ) , and claiming all five rounds on the judges ' scorecards to retain their title for the eighth consecutive time . The win was St-Pierre 's 18th in the UFC , a mark that ties them with their former rival , Matt Hughes , as the most in the promotion 's history .
Up next for the Canadian will be Johny Hendricks , the bearded four-time All-American who solidified their status as No . 1 contender with a thrilling , ‘ Fight of the Year ' candidate victory over Carlos Condit in UFC 158 's co-main event . Add in an explosive first-round knockout courtesy of fellow top-10 welterweight Jake Ellenberger , and there was plenty to talk about on Saturday night .
Hats off to # GSP for keeping their composure tonight # Champion — Jon Bones Jones ( @ JonnyBones ) March 17 , 2013
Wow ... Anyone looking to learn applicable wrestling to MMA ... Take notes lol — Michael McDonald ( @ MaydayMcDonald ) March 17 , 2013
I saw more viscous things happen at the youth wrestling tourney ! — Ben Askren ( @ Benaskren ) March 17 , 2013
After tonight I am 100 % sure I could beat GSP @ dukeroufus — Ben Askren ( @ Benaskren ) March 17 , 2013
A fighter , who takes the fight to the ground , has one mission . The other has two ! — Siyar The Great ( @ SiyarTheGreat ) March 17 , 2013
One sided ! ! Diaz tried a cheap shot ... really ? Lets fight like men ! — Eddie Wineland ( @ EddieWineland ) March 17 , 2013
I think Diaz has some kind of mental handicap ! Know ur place and act normal man ! — Eddie Wineland ( @ EddieWineland ) March 17 , 2013
Dude gsp fricken stand and fight ... boringgggggg — Tony Ferguson ( @ TonyFergusonXT ) March 17 , 2013
Nick Diaz better not retire . They are one of my favorite fighters # UFC 158 — John Dodson III ( @ JohnDodsonMMA ) March 17 , 2013
GSP is to Diaz as smallpox are to the American/Shawnee Indians . # UFC158 — Tim Kennedy ( @ TimKennedyMMA ) March 17 , 2013
Retirement talk… .. again… . # UFC158 I 'd be a little disappointed if they retired but damn either do it or do n't . — Jason Highwalker ( @ KCBanditMMA ) March 17 , 2013
I really wish knees to the head of a grounded opponent were allowed . It would change the whole sport and the strategy and games people play . — Aaron Riley ( @ aaronrileymma ) March 17 , 2013
Damn George put the worse beating on Diaz anyone has ever seen 😋😜💩 — Will Brooks ( @ illwillbrooks86 ) March 17 , 2013
Nick Diaz seems to be peaking beautifully at 5:01 of each round # sarcasm — John Cholish ( @ JohnCholish ) March 17 , 2013
I hope Diaz is n't serious about retiring as I am a forever fan ... # ufc158 — Sarah Kaufman ( @ mmasarah ) March 17 , 2013
GSPis the definition of hard work i respect that — David Rickels ( @ TheCaveman316 ) March 17 , 2013
Nick diaz awesome speech and as well always classy : ) — Nam Phan ( @ NamPhanMMA ) March 17 , 2013
When GSP gets the TD it 's like watching a lifetime movie . You know how it 's going to play out , but you hope they can leave them somehow . — Yves Edwards ( @ thugjitsumaster ) March 17 , 2013
Rinse and repeat for 4 more ! — Louis Gaudinot ( @ LouGaudinotUFC ) March 17 , 2013
Quit whining and go to boxing Diaz and get smashed there — Michael Johnson ( @ FollowTheMenace ) March 17 , 2013
I 'll say it again : GSP 's dark place has a nightlight — RutherfordB.Hazelett ( @ RuthaF_cka ) March 17 , 2013
Thought Hendricks made a bigger statement than GSP tonight . Thoughts on that ? — Jimmy Smith ( @ jimmysmithmma ) March 17 , 2013
HENDRICKS , CONDIT GO TO WAR
BOMBS ! ! ! ! — Dana White ( @ danawhite ) March 17 , 2013
What a fuckin fight ! ! ! ! — Dana White ( @ danawhite ) March 17 , 2013
And @ carloscondit continues to be my favorite fighter to watch , since the old WEC days — Brian Stann ( @ BrianStann ) March 17 , 2013
This @ carlosconditv @ johnyhendricks ! ! ! Wow , what an awesome fight ! Takedowns will be the difference . Great showing from both guys — Eddie Wineland ( @ EddieWineland ) March 17 , 2013
its official folks # takedowns rule in the # ufc158 octagon .. Condit should have taken that one imho — Claude Patrick ( @ claudetheprince ) March 17 , 2013
One of the most amazing fights ever @ carloscondit ur the best I love u brother — Jamie Varner ( @ jamievarner ) March 17 , 2013
2 more rounds @ carloscondit takes it . — Roy Nelson ( @ roynelsonmma ) March 17 , 2013
They did earn that tho . # UFC158 — Jason Highwalker ( @ KCBanditMMA ) March 17 , 2013
Wow amazing fight , condit did awesome . Hendricks might have gotten by take downs — Nam Phan ( @ NamPhanMMA ) March 17 , 2013
Great to see @ johnyhendricks go 3 rds & win against another top fighter.Showed they have more than a hard punch.Look forward to them & GSP — Chris Clements ( @ menaceclements ) March 17 , 2013
That was a war . Love watching Condit when gets going . Animal — Tom Kong Watson ( @ TomKongWatson ) March 17 , 2013
Condit always bringing it ! Love that type of fighter — David Rickels ( @ TheCaveman316 ) March 17 , 2013
I think Hendricks could be a distant cousin of Honey Boo Boo # UFC158 — Derek Brunson ( @ DerekBrunsonMMA ) March 17 , 2013
Why does every fighter with the `` Wolf-man '' beard fight like you stole something from him ? — Jimmy Smith ( @ jimmysmithmma ) March 17 , 2013
Hell ya Carlos way to throw the fuck down ! ! @ carloscondit — Cowboy Cerrone ( @ Cowboycerrone ) March 17 , 2013
@ carloscondit great fight bro you made that one exciting ! Fighting of your back throwing down the whole time ! @ ufc proud teammate here ! — Leonard Garcia ( @ badboygarcia ) March 17 , 2013
One of the best fights I 've ever seen ! BIG RIGG ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! @ ufc_ca @ ufc — TJ Grant ( @ TJ_Grant ) March 17 , 2013
Holy shit I call fight of the YEAR ! ! ! Hella impressed with Condit and Hendricks @ ufc — Pablo Garza UFC ( @ PabloGarzaMMA ) March 17 , 2013
2 rounds to 1 for big rigg ! What u guys score it ? — Louis Gaudinot ( @ LouGaudinotUFC ) March 17 , 2013
What a fight . Im glad to be part if this . # ufc — jimi manuwa ( @ POSTERBOYJM ) March 17 , 2013
I 'm waiting for mark lamon to say `` put them in a body bag ! ! '' # UFC158 @ carloscondit great damn fight brutha ! ! ! — Travis Browne ( @ travisbrowneMMA ) March 17 , 2013
Is there any doubt who the # 1 contender is ? ? @ johnyhendricks # UFC157 @ teamtakedown best wrestler in the division , with dynamite in left hand — BrutalJohnnyBedford ( @ BrutalBedford ) March 17 , 2013
That was a good fight but all those takedowns won the fight for Johnny Hendricks # UFC158 — John Dodson III ( @ JohnDodsonMMA ) March 17 , 2013
This should be a 5 round fight ! # UFC158 # UFC — Nik Lentz Ufc mma ( @ NikLentz ) March 17 , 2013
MMA at its finest . # 2morerounds — Scott jorgensen ( @ Scottjorgensen ) March 17 , 2013
ELLENBERGER CRUSHES MARQUARDT
Is Nate off the TRT for 170 ? Are they like chael that they would die with out it . Science I love it . And math too — Roy Nelson ( @ roynelsonmma ) March 17 , 2013
That a way to get in there and finish @ ellenbergermma do n't know how he 's not number 1 contender ! ! — Michael Johnson ( @ FollowTheMenace ) March 17 , 2013
If someone tells you `` you were knocked out '' you should generally take their word for it in my experience — Jimmy Smith ( @ jimmysmithmma ) March 17 , 2013
Ellenberger looked great and gets the ko In rd 1 . What a stud . Great stoppage even with mardquardt 's protesting # ufc158 — Sarah Kaufman ( @ mmasarah ) March 17 , 2013
Wow , impressive win by Ellenberger over a veteran fighter . — Aaron Riley ( @ aaronrileymma ) March 17 , 2013
Nice ko , like i said jake ellenberger is one scary dude : ( — Nam Phan ( @ NamPhanMMA ) March 17 , 2013
Cheaters never win — Ben Askren ( @ Benaskren ) March 17 , 2013
Owners of the HTC One ( M8 ) who have updated their phones with the new Eye Experience have noticed that a glaring omission – the Crop Me In feature is nowhere to be found . We noticed the missing feature yesterday morning when the HTC Eye Experience update was installed on our T-Mobile branded HTC One ( M8 ) . We immediately reached out to HTC 's @ moversi on Twitter to see if there was a reason for the omission . Less than 24 hours later , we have an answer .
@ moversi replied to our inquiry , stating that Crop Me In has not been included with the HTC Eye Experience update for the HTC One ( M8 ) simply because it was not ready yet . Fortunately , the feature is still coming to the phone and will be released as camera app update through Google Play before the Android 5.0 Lollipop update drops . It 's disappointing that you ca n't crop yourself into awkward pictures with the latest update to the HTC One ( M8 ) , but it 's nice to know that HTC 's decision to move its core Sense 6 apps to Google Play gives the company a new level of flexibility in releasing new features to its phones .
Officials on Thursday disputed a human rights group report that at least 100 people were killed by security forces during anti-government protests in Cameroon last week .
Those reports put the death toll significantly higher than the previously reported high of 17 .
The protests occurred across Cameroon 's two English-speaking regions on Sunday as they symbolically declared their “ independence ” from the rest of the predominantly Francophone country .
The government on Thursday dismissed the figures published by REDHAC , an NGO monitoring human rights abuses in central Africa .
Army spokesperson , Didier Badjeck , said that the government knew of 10 deaths , and disputed figures released earlier this week by Amnesty International recording 17 deaths .
On Tuesday , a REDHAC statement read : “ At least 100 protesters were found dead from bullets fired by the defence and security forces and from tear gas fired in large quantities . ”
The statement went on to name 38 of the identified victims .
English speakers in the former French colony have long complained that they are treated like second-class citizens , and that the government makes less money available to them .
On Oct.1 , the secessionist movement declared independence – although the move had no basis in law – and protesters tore down Cameroonian flags and raised the banner of their would-be state , “ Ambazonia . ”
NAN
Despite intensified efforts , measurements of the gravitational constant continue to fail to converge , as Terry Quinn explains .
Since around 2000 , eight new determinations of the gravitational constant G ( also known as big G or Newton 's constant ) have appeared , almost all with declared uncertainties of about 20 ppm , but the total spread of the results is about 400 ppm . Two meetings in 2014 — one at the Royal Society in London , UK , in February 20141 and one later in the year at NIST ( National Institute of Standards and Technology , USA ) — resulted in a concrete proposal for coordinated action to try and resolve this problem2 . But first , a little history .
Henry Cavendish was the first person to measure the gravitational attraction between two laboratory-sized masses . In their famous 1798 paper3 , they described an experiment to weigh the Earth using a torsion balance or , as we would now say , to determine G. ( The introduction of the explicit coupling constant G appeared only at the end of the 19th century . ) Cavendish was a superb experimenter : we estimate that they got it right to about 1 % . Since then , most determinations of G have been made using a torsion balance , which provides almost perfect decoupling between the minute horizontal gravitational force acting on the two masses and their weight — a factor that easily exceeds 109 .
The 1986 CODATA ( Committee on Data for Science and Technology ) evaluation of the fundamental constants4 listed G with an uncertainty of 14 ppm , based on a 1982 value from the NBS ( National Bureau of Standards , now NIST ) . However , in 1995 a new value from the PTB ( Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt , Germany ) was published with an uncertainty below 100 ppm but with a value 0.64 % above the CODATA one !
Image : © PHOTOS1ST / ISTOCK / THINKSTOCK
By the time the error in the PTB result had been uncovered , the flurry of activity on G had started5 . A variety of methods were used , mostly torsion balances of different designs , including one at liquid-helium temperature . Others were based on suspended pendulums — a laboratory version of the method devised by Cavendish but carried out by Nevil Maskelyne in 1774 , in which the deviation from the vertical of a hanging pendulum was measured close to a mountain — Schiehallion in Scotland ( pictured ) . Yet another method used a balance to measure the difference in weight of a standard mass when thirteen tonnes of mercury was placed just above and just below it . A recent approach , involving the interferometry of atoms falling through a known gravitational field , has not yet reached their level of precision .
It was agreed at the 2014 NIST meeting that , as a first step , two of the recent measurements , those from JILA ( Joint Institute for Laboratory Astrophysics , USA ) and BIPM ( Bureau International des Poids et Mesures , France ) should be repeated in different laboratories . These are approximately 200 ppm below and 200 ppm above the mean , respectively . The equipment for both is still available and the BIPM apparatus will be transferred to NIST in early 2016 . On a wider scale , an IUPAP ( International Union of Pure and Applied Physics ) workgroup on G was created and the CIPM ( Comité International des Poids et Mesures ) set up a consortium of national metrology institutes on the subject . Most recently , the US National Science Foundation published a call for proposals on G , mentioning funding between one and two million US dollars . In the announcement it was stated that “ no experience is required ” ! Those cynics among us who have actually measured G would have added that the necessary experience will be acquired during the first ten years .
Who needs a more accurate numerical value of G ( the current recommended value6 is 6.67408 ± 0.00031 × 10−11 kg−1 m3 s−2 ) ? The short answer is , nobody , for the moment , but being apparently unable to converge on a value for G undermines our confidence in the metrology of small forces . Although it is true that the orbits of the planets depend on the product of G and the mass of the Sun — the structures of all astrophysical objects are determined by the balance of gravity and other forces produced by , for example , gas , photon or degeneracy pressure — ab initio models of the Sun are still an order of magnitude away from predicting a value of G at a level comparable with laboratory determinations . We do not need a value of G to test for departures from the inverse square law or the equivalence principle . There is as yet no prospect of a theory of quantum gravity that would predict a value for G that could be tested by experiment .
Could these unresolved discrepancies in G hide some new physics ? This seems unlikely . I believe undiscovered systematic errors in all or some of these new experiments is the answer — G is difficult to measure but it should not be too difficult !
References 1 . Quinn , T. Phil . Trans . R. Soc . A 372 , 20140286 ( 2014 ) . 2 . Gibney , E. Nature 514 , 150–151 ( 2014 ) ; http : //go.nature.com/oYfKGx 3 . Cavendish , H. Phil . Trans . R. Soc . 86 , 469–526 ( 1798 ) . 4 . Cohen , E. R. & Taylor , B. N. Rev . Mod . Phys . 59 , 1121–1148 ( 1987 ) . 5 . Speake , C. & Quinn , T. Physics Today 67 , 27–33 ( July 2014 ) . 6. http : //physics.nist.gov/cuu/Constants Download references
Author information Affiliations Terry Quinn is a Emeritus Director of the Bureau International des Poids et Mesures , Sèvres , France Terry Quinn Authors Search for Terry Quinn in : Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar Corresponding author Correspondence to Terry Quinn .
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink .
Bigelow Aerospace , which has long-term plans for human lunar bases , is one of several companies interested in lunar exploration . ( credit : Bigelow Aerospace ) Competing forums : an asteroid or the Moon ?
Donegal County Council has voted unanimously to call on Government to abolish water charges .
In a vote taken this evening , the council followed the lead of Wicklow and Sligo councils , while also voting in favour of holding a referendum on Irish Water
Councillor Frank McBrearty Junior put the emergency motion forward .
Fine Gael party whip on the council , Councillor Barry O'Neill backed the stance . During the debate on the motion O'Neill called the Irish Water situation a fiasco .
“ I 've made these feelings known in recent weeks at Fine Gael meetings , and even months ago , ” Mr O'Neill told Highland Radio .
“ People in the party know that I say my piece and I do n't apologise to anyone for saying what I said .
“ I just do n't think at this time that people can take anymore ... basically the government have done a lot of good things but I think they just went too far . The people ca n't give anymore , '' they added .
`` Some people call it the elephant in the room . I like to call it the blue whale in the pool , '' scientist Brian Kingzett told a room of naturalists this week . They were talking about the dramatic rise in ocean acidity along the B.C . coast .
As the Oceanside Star reports , Kingzett , field station manager for the Vancouver Island University Centre for Shellfish Research , met the Arrowsmith Naturalists at the Knox United Church to deliver a talk , Climate Change and Ocean Acidification .
`` It 's going to sound a little doom and gloom , '' they told the room . When it comes to recent discoveries about ocean acidity , Kingzett said they could hardly believe what they were seeing .
Scientists , Kingzett explained , traditionally have n't spent much time measuring ocean acidity because levels have remained so consistent for nearly 300 million years . Yet when they began sampling water in and around the Straight of Georgia , Kingzett was so surprised by the results they asked fellow researchers along the Pacific Northwest to confirm them .
It was true : the region 's pH levels had dropped from an expected 8.0 to a staggering 7.57 . The difference seems moderate , but each 0.1 decrease represents a whopping 25 per cent increase in acidity .
As a biologist and aquaculture expert , Kingzett said those acidity levels are a massive threat to shellfish .
`` The water the small , shelled creatures are living in is actually corrosive , '' they said . `` Scientists are n't sure where this is going . This is very much an emerging science , '' the Oceanside Star quoted them as saying .
Kingzett was also surprised to find such high acidity levels within protected shorelines such as in Deep Bay on Vancouver Island 's inner coast .
Deep Bay is home to a 5,000-year-old shellfish industry . In February , nearby Qualicum Scallops cut 30 per cent of its workforce after 10 million scallops were killed from high acid concentrations .
Kingzett said they expected increased acidity to affect the open ocean before changing the composition of waters in sheltered regions like Deep Bay . But thanks to polluted waters feeding the Fraser River , `` some of the most acidic water is in the Strait of Georgia , '' they said .
Kingzett added that 2014 is projected to be the warmest year on earth since measurements began in 1881 , with increasing pressure on the oceans to absorb excess carbon . But this `` changes the base chemistry of the ocean , '' they said .
Increased levels of carbon in the water leads to the formation of carbonic acid that prevents calcium from binding , an essential step in the formation of shells .
Kingzett explained how ocean currents move around the globe like a ribbon , sometime carrying deep ocean water where acids concentrate to surface regions where there is a higher concentration of life .
Ocean currents take up to 40 years to circulate , so even if we were to stop adding carbon to the atmosphere , Kingzett said , acidic concentrate from the ocean 's depths will still continue to move to shore for another four decades .
`` We 've mailed ourselves a package we ca n't refuse , '' they said . `` It 's a global problem that 's coming home and we really do n't know that the effects will be .
`` Everyone says the earth is fragile . The earth is not fragile at all . It will shake us off . ''
The dismantling of Occupy Wall Street 's library is a metaphor for how our culture is policed .
It would appear that the New York Police Department has finally jumped the shark . One day after the eviction of Occupy Wall Street , the image that has shocked the world 's most profoundly -- and I mean image in a purely theoretical sense , since a solid wall of state heavies , now part-financed by JP Morgan Chase , stopped the press getting near enough to take photos -- was of police and sanitation workers tearing up the tent of the encampment 's extensive library , and reportedly tossing the books into dumpster trucks . I mean , books .
Who destroys books ? Is this a Ray Bradbury novel ? Is their new tactic to ape the semiotics of fascism to such a point of cliché that comment is impossible ?
I mean , books . Thousands of books . Books of politics , books of poetry , rare and precious books , books that the young , the strange and the curious had shared and treasured and pored through for guidance and diversion over the two months of the Liberty Plaza occupation . If police were looking to evict the Occupy Movement with pantomime bastardry , they could at least have done something a bit original . Like , say , pepper-spraying a pregnant woman .
Even in this digital age , where text is cheap and people 's movements are orchestrated online , there is something about books . Books are important . Books make us better . Books are about learning , about sharing , about stories . There is something in the lizard-brain of human civilisation , something in the superego of the species that drove us down from the trees and into the agora that abhors the destruction of books . The gorge rises . You know it 's deeply , horribly wrong ten seconds before you remember why .
When the news of the vandalism of the Occupy Wall Street library came through , Twitter was alight with outrage . Even the most dribblingly obnoxious right-wing troll finds it hard to argue when people tell them trashing books is bad karma . Such was the uproar that the Mayor 's office tweeted a photo of what appeared to be part of the OWS library , stacked in a sanitation department garage , ready for protesters to pick up on Wednesday , if they were polite about it .
The image looks like nothing other than a hostage photo , which is exactly what it is : here is your library , more or less intact . We will give it back if you hand over your collective future without argument . Just leave it in the trashcan on the corner of Wall Street .
It occurs to me that the impounding of books is a subtler and more appropriate metaphor for how culture is policed in modern times than the burning or destruction of books . Across the developed world , as austerity programmes kick in to finance the cataclysmic self-indulgence of the super-rich , it is libraries , schools and universities that are being priced out of the reach of ordinary people .
Higher education fees are soaring , public funding of universities and schools is being gutted , and the private sector is being invited in to place more branded locks on the doors of our institutions of learning . In Britain , even the libraries are being closed down . They 're not burning books ; not precisely . They 're just tossing them where no one without means can get to them . They are kidnapping books .
When the Occupy Wall Street librarians went to pick up their books , as promised , they found that several thousand appeared to be missing , and many reportedly had been destroyed , along with personal belongings and the library 's reference section . Appeals went out online to re-stock the library . The NYPD , however , have been hovering with menace around the fledgling collection in Zucotti Park , where anything that looks even vaguely like an occupation is now forbidden by order of the city . They have already confiscated a second load of books , and a third is being accumulated
As it happens , however , I visited the Occupy Wall Street Library about six hours before it was dismantled , and I talked to the librarians , and I borrowed a book . In the process , I inadvertently saved the volume from Brookfield 's dumpster trucks . The book is Martin Luther King 's Where Do We Go From Here ? . In it , the great civil rights leader writes that :
One day the whole Jericho Road must be transformed so that men and women will not be beaten and robbed as they make their journey through life . True compassion is more than flinging a coin to a beggar ; it understands that an edifice which produces beggar needs restructuring . A true revolution of values will soon look uneasily on the glaring contrast of poverty and wealth .
I shall be returning the book to the Occupy Wall Street Library with the suspicion that the social imagery of this people 's movement has very nearly jumped the shark .
Seriously , cue up a primary challenger .
Research 2000 poll of the Tennessee 5th Congressional District for Daily Kos . 8/17-19 . Likely voters . MoE 4 % ( no trend lines )
Favorable Unfavorable Jim Cooper 47 41
Barack Obama 66 25
Phil Bredesen 58 29
This is a Democratic district . Obama won it easily 56-43 . Even John Kerry won it in 2004 . Yet Blue Dog kingpin Jim Cooper thinks being a pain in Obama 's ass is smart politics . Well , look at those approval ratings , with Cooper lagging far behind the president 's and Phil Bredesen , their state 's Democratic governor .
Do you favor or oppose creating a new public health insurance plan that anyone can purchase ? Favor Oppose All 61 28
Dem 80 11
Ind 64 26
GOP 20 65
Do you approve or disapprove of Congressman Jim Coopers ' actions on health care ? Approve Disapprove All 31 60
Dem 16 77
Ind 26 60
GOP 68 27
Cooper is doing the GOP 's bidding . Republicans love their work , Democrats and independents do n't . And everyone in their district is well aware of the fact .
If the 2010 election for Congress were held today would you definitely vote to reelect Jim Cooper would you consider voting for another candidate or would you definitely vote to replace Cooper ? Reelect 36
Consider 41
Replace 23 If Jim Cooper opposed a public health insurance option would that make you more or less likely to vote for them or would it have no real effect on your vote ? Less No effect All 13 34 53
Dem 9 47 44
Ind 12 36 52
GOP 23 7 70
Woah . Anemic . And among Democrats , those numbers are 44 reelect , 42 consider someone else , and 14 replace . There is certainly an opening for a strong primary challenge . Cooper is n't the lock many ( including him ) believe them to be . And why are the natives restless ? Their long record of obstructing health care reform surely ranks among the reasons . The public option polls strongly in Cooper 's district , yet they do n't seem to care . While he 's supposed to represent their constituents , they seem more concerned with representing the insurance companies . It 's more lucrative that way .
But the voters do have some say in the matter . And not only are their reelect numbers in the gutter ( 36 % ? Really ? ) , but nearly half of Democrats would be less likely to vote for them if they betrayed them yet again on another health care vote . In a primary , that 's the ballgame .
Cooper has two options . They can stop obstructing and get aboard the public option , or they should start gearing up for a tough primary in 2010 . Then they can determine if all that insurance money is really worth the hassle .
Update : Headline fixed to reflect TN-05 district , and numbers corrected in questions . Thanks for the heads-up , folks . SusanG
It is n't the very latest version of Android – that 'd be “ Kit Kat ” 4.4.4 , released to everyone 's surprise yesterday – but Motorola Moto X users on Sprint are getting the next best thing . An OTA upgrade to 4.4.3 began rolling out today , with camera improvements , an updated phone dialer , and bug fixes in tow .
Most of Android 4.4.3 's changes are n't user facing , but include “ stability , framework and security fixes. ” The OTA additionally introduces a few new camera tweaks that ostensibly improve image quality , like “ more realistic flash coloring ” and better settings for low light conditions . The redesigned 4.4.3 phone dialer is also present , as presumably is the new People app .
Here 's an unabridged list of changes :
What 's New
Android™ 4.4.3 , KitKat® – Android 4.4.3 , KitKat , is the latest release of the Android platform . This release includes some stability , framework and security fixes in addition to accuracy improvements to the power profile .
Camera – Improved image quality – Improved camera image quality including better consistency of exposure , more realistic flash coloring , improved photos in low light conditions using front camera .
Camera – Pause video recording – Added the ability to pause video recording with a convenient pause/resume button on the viewfinder .
Updated Phone dialer – Updated Phone dialer with a new graphical layout and colors to improve consistency and usability .
The new software is KXA21.12-L1.22 . It 's rolling out gradually , so if you own an applicable device , expect to receive a notification to download it soon .
It has been a couple of years since Samsung ‘ s Tizen OS was introduced in the market . Based on Linux , the Tizen OS was meant to run of various devices , ranging from smartphones to televisions and washing machines too . At least that 's what Samsung targeted it towards , with a view to bringing all the consumer-oriented devices under one platform . Well , the OS is quickly gaining popularity and the future seems to be bright for it .
Samsung had already introduced the Tizen OS in its wearables and entry-level smartphones like Z1 and Z3 . However , SamMobile reports that the company will be launching some seriously high-end smartphones that will run on the Tizen OS . This new spark of development has been teased by Samsung Vietnam . Going by the light nature of the operating system , we are sure that Tizen will be able to run on performance-oriented smartphones more smoothly than expected .
Even though the Tizen platform has n't gained popularity amongst buyers as of now , but the OS is really getting popular in the developer community . If Samsung indeed plans to take the front stage with Tizen-powered high-end devices , then the OS will surely be a success in the market . It is expected that the company will unleash a complete Samsung Z series specifically for the Tizen-powered phones , and going by the current naming schemes , we can hope for the Z5 and Z8 to be unveiled soon .
TEN-DET grades : Titans ' O-line , Marcus Mariota play well in win
By Steve Slowik • Sep 18 , 2016
Here are the biggest takeaways and highest graded players from the Tennessee Titans ' 16-15 victory over the Detroit Lions :
Quarterback grade : Marcus Mariota , 73.9
Quarterback Marcus Mariota had a very clean day in the pocket , being under pressure on just eight of their 38 dropbacks . Even when the Lions brought the blitz , protection held up and Mariota found big holes in the defense , completing seven passes for 119 yards . Mariota found most of their success in the middle of the field , as they completed 20 of their 25 total completions targeting that area . They flashed their touch as a passer on the two TD throws , one being the go-ahead to veteran WR Andre Johnson . Mariota found their favorite target Delanie Walker six times , as Detroit had a tough time matching up with the athletic tight end .
Top offensive grades :
T Jack Conklin , 85.4
G Quinton Spain , 84.7
T Taylor Lewan , 82.1
C Ben Jones , 82.0
TE Delanie Walker , 79.3
Offensive line grades very well in victory
The offensive line compiles four of the five top offensive grades . First-round rookie Jack Conklin bounced back after a rough start , where they were blown back from the line of scrimmage and into RB Demarco Murray , resulting in a safety on the play . Both young tackles Conklin and Taylor Lewan ( a former first-rounder himself ) kept Marcus Mariota upright for the majority of the game , as the offense showed its versatility when that 's the case . Apart from their 67-yard gain on the ground , Demarco Murray was held mostly in check , as running lanes seemed to close up quickly on him .
Top defensive grades :
LB Avery Williamson , 88.3
DL Karl Klug , 79.4
LB Wesley Woodyard , 79.8
LB Sean Spence , 71.5
LB Brian Orakpo , 71.8
LBs help hold two explosive backs in check
The Titans held the explosive running back tandem of Theo Riddick and Ameer Abdullah to under 80 yards on the ground . Linebacker Avery Williamson was a big reason for that , as they finished with an run-defense grade of 89.3 , which was tops in the game . After a huge game last week , DE Jurrell Casey posted only one tackle on the day to go along with their QB hit . Offenses are surely aware of their presence , and it 'll be interesting to see how teams scheme toward them during the season .
Quarterback grade : Matthew Stafford , 80.7
Stafford gets no help from their receivers , as they drop seven passes
Lions wide receivers dropped seven passes on the day , two of which were surely going to be big gains for Golden Tate , as they got behind the corner twice on double moves . Drops aside , Stafford had a good day through the air , throwing for 269 yards and touchdown . The lone interception was a costly one , as they targeted tight end Eric Ebron on an out route and did n't anticipate the underneath corner sinking under the route for the interception .
Top offensive grades :
T Riley Reiff , 82.6
G Larry Warford , 78.9
C Travis Swanson , 74.2
T Taylor Decker , 74.0
TE Eric Ebron , 70.3
Rookie tackle struggles against edge-rush speed
While their grade of 74.0 is not too bad , rookie first-round pick Taylor Decker struggled mightily against the speed and power of Titans edge rusher Brian Orakpo , as they surrendered two sacks to go with two QB hurries and a QB hit . They made up for their 49.2 pass protection grade with a very impressive 81.3 run-blocking grade . The explosive RB duo of Ameer Abdullah and Theo Riddick were held mostly in check on the ground , and did n't produce a ton in the passing attack , either , as only Theo Riddick brought in four passes for 28 yards .
Top defensive grades :
CB Darius Slay , 81.0
S Tavon Wilson , 79.4
CB Quandre Diggs , 75.9
S Glover Quin , 75.1
DT Khyri Thornton , 71.6
CB Darius Slay earns top defensive grade
Star Detroit cornerback Darius Slay had another impressive week . While they may fly under the national radar , their play on the field merits otherwise . Matching up against veteran wide receiver Rishard Mathews and talented rookie Tajae Sharpe , they were targeted six times , allowed three catches for 30 yards and added a pass defensed . CB Nevin Lawson will continue to be tested as teams try and avoid Slay 's side , and in this one , Lawson gave up three catches for 74 yards . One of those was a touchdown to Titans tight end Delanie Walker , whom can be a tough matchup for any corner given their size and athleticism .
Petro-Canada gas station , Crossfields , Alberta , with electric-car charging station
Electric-car charging stations are still remarkably rare at gas stations , though a handful exist in the Pacific Northwest .
But earlier this year , the Petro-Canada station in Crossfield , Alberta , installed a charging station . It 's free to use , too .
Perhaps not too remarkable , except that this is the heart of Canada 's tar-sands oil region .
Petro-Canada gas station , Crossfields , Alberta , with electric-car charging station
The charger itself is a Sun Country 100-amp model that delivers up to 19.2 kilowatts of power , if the plug-in vehicle can accept Level 2 charging at those speeds .
All about Crossfield
Crossfield is about 30 miles ( 50 km ) north of Calgary , Canada 's fossil-fuel capital , along Highway 2 , which connects the business center to the provincial capital of Edmonton .
The cities are about 185 miles ( 300 km ) apart , a distance that only Teslas can cover in one shot .
Happily , there are an assortment of chargers along the way , so other battery-electric drivers can make the trip .
Not that many may do so : Thanks to cattle ranching and oil rustling , Alberta is prime pick-up truck country .
Despite an Oregon-sized population of about 4 million , Alberta is presently home to only about 100 battery-electric vehicles , along with perhaps 100 more plug-in hybrids .
Services for every car
Gasoline producer and retailer Petro-Canada – a division of Suncor , the world 's largest producer of tar-sands bitumen – is n't necessarily making a push to be plug-in electric vehicle owners ' pit stop of choice .
Petro-Canada gas station , Crossfields , Alberta , with electric-car charging station
The Petro-Canada station in Crossfield is independently owned and operated by a franchisee .
The company owning the franchise operates about 20 gas stations across Canada – and depending on how well things go with this pilot installation , they may consider adding electric vehicle infrastructure to other stations as well .
To quote a company representative , the electric-vehicle outreach is another way of providing services to motorists , `` and that 's what we do '' .
If you 're one of Alberta 's plug-in owners , or if you 're planning a cross-continent trip , here 's a chance to show support for charging stations in unlikely areas .
Petro-Canada gas station , Crossfields , Alberta , with electric-car charging station
Petro-Canada vs 'greenwashing '
Oil conglomerates around the world generally and in the oil sands specifically have a somewhat mixed record on issues from emissions to climate change .
That may lead some readers to have mixed feelings about the idea of gas stations offering electric-car charging stations . Or of oil companies sponsoring such events as Sun Country Highway 's E-Mazing Race , which Petro-Canada did .
Sun Country CEO Kent Rathwell addressed the `` greenwashing '' question head-on at the recent EV2014VE conference in Vancouver .
They commented that they would 've vetoed Petro-Canada 's sponsorship , if they thought that accusations of greenwashing would become a factor in coverage of the event .
Petro-Canada gas station , Crossfields , Alberta , with electric-car charging station
They related their experience working to help Suncor reduce its environmental footprint .
They emphasized that individuals they worked with obviously cared deeply and sincerely about sustainability and flight attendantship .
They did their utmost to make a positive difference , they suggested , within the constraints of the industry they found themselves in .
The broader lesson may be that if the world were black and white , we would all be moral zebras of one stripe or other .
Petro-Canada gas station , Crossfields , Alberta , with electric-car charging station
AUTHOR 'S NOTE : To avoid concerns over subtle bias , it may be appropriate for me to disclose my own perspective . A chemical engineer by training , I have friends in the `` oil patch '' who are great people . I 've also donated money to anti-pipeline groups , because it 's a great planet , and the path of the past wo n't lead us to the future we want .
The fortunes of Alberta ( and by extension Canada ) are largely tied to the wickedly-cyclical petroleum sector , and are subject to its booms and busts . To me , the path to permanent prosperity – and a pollution-free prosperity at that – is to unleash that engineering genius on other fields .
I generally support policies that would shrink the fossil-fuel sector , freeing up entrepreneurs to disrupt other industries , while generously supporting negatively-impacted workers .
_______________________________________________
Follow GreenCarReports on Facebook , Twitter , and Google+ .
Vector graphic games , like Battlezone or Asteroids , are old favorites of mine , and I 've been wanting to make a game with that same style . Partially , that 's because I 'm not that artistic , and it 's easy to make the style look cool . Just make everything come together at hard angles and let it go .
I considered SVG for the job , and leaned towards it for a while just for the sake of not falling into Not Invented Here . The problem is that SVG is incredibly complicated , especially for rendering . In a game where I 'd likely be writing my own rendering of the SVG standard , I just did n't want to do it . What 's more , for any kind of complicated effect , I 'd probably have to use CSS , which is a second really complicated standard to implement .
So I went off to do it myself . When I inevitably end up having to reimplement some feature of SVG , I 'll just live with that .
Anyway , this led me to make Graphics : :GVG . It uses a simple scripting language ( parsed by Marpa : :R2 ) to define how to draw your vector art :
% color = # FF33FFFF ; line ( % color , 0.0 , 0.0 , 1.0 , 1.1 ) ; glow { circle ( % color , 0 , 0 , 0.9 ) ; rect ( % color , 0 , 1 , 0.7 , 0.4 ) ; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 % color = # FF33FFFF ; line ( % color , 0 . 0 , 0 . 0 , 1 . 0 , 1 . 1 ) ; glow { circle ( % color , 0 , 0 , 0 . 9 ) ; rect ( % color , 0 , 1 , 0 . 7 , 0 . 4 ) ; }
The drawing commands inside the glow { ... } block will be rendered with a glow effect . Exactly what that means is up to the renderer .
There 's an included OpenGL renderer , which is where the real fun starts . The script above would be parsed into an Abstract Syntax Tree ( AST ) , and then renderers compile that into the system of their choice . In the OpenGL case , it compiles the AST into a Perl package , which has a draw ( ) method that does a series of OpenGL functions .
For example , a simple rectangle GVG script :
rect ( # 993399ff , 0 , 0 , 1 , 1 ) ; 1 rect ( # 993399ff , 0 , 0 , 1 , 1 ) ;
Gets turned into the Perl code below by the OpenGL renderer :
package Graphics : :GVG : :OpenGLRenderer : :0xA87F753EB5E511E691EF9B4C92660F68 ; use strict ; use warnings ; use OpenGL qw ( : all ) ; sub new { my ( $ class ) = @ _ ; my $ self = { } ; bless $ self = > $ class ; return $ self ; } sub draw { glLineWidth ( 1 ) ; glColor4ub ( 153 , 51 , 153 , 255 ) ; glBegin ( GL_LINES ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 , 0 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 + 1 , 0 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 + 1 , 0 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 + 1 , 0 + 1 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 + 1 , 0 + 1 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 , 0 + 1 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 , 0 + 1 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 , 0 ) ; glEnd ( ) ; return ; } 1 ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 package Graphics : : GVG : : OpenGLRenderer : : 0xA87F753EB5E511E691EF9B4C92660F68 ; use strict ; use warnings ; use OpenGL qw ( : all ) ; sub new { my ( $ class ) = @ _ ; my $ self = { } ; bless $ self = > $ class ; return $ self ; } sub draw { glLineWidth ( 1 ) ; glColor4ub ( 153 , 51 , 153 , 255 ) ; glBegin ( GL_LINES ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 , 0 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 + 1 , 0 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 + 1 , 0 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 + 1 , 0 + 1 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 + 1 , 0 + 1 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 , 0 + 1 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 , 0 + 1 ) ; glVertex2f ( 0 , 0 ) ; glEnd ( ) ; return ; } 1 ;
Which is n't going to win any formatting awards , but it 's not meant to be edited by humans , anyway .
The above gets returned as a string , so you can compile it right into the running program using eval ( STRING ) ( see Dynamic Code Loading for why you should n't be afraid of this sort of thing ) . Alternatively , you could save it as a .pm file and load it up that way .
Either way , you get yourself an object from that package with new ( ) , and then call draw ( ) on it for each frame .
The generated code could be improved , for certain . For performance , it 'll probably move to vertex buffers . There should also be a way to make predictable package names rather than the UUID . If the overhead of calling all those OpenGL functions ends up being an issue , it could be compiled to a C function that can be called from XS .
From FlightGear wiki
The FlightGear development team is delighted to announce the v2017.1 `` Bergen '' release of FlightGear , the free , open-source flight simulator . This new version contains many exciting new features , enhancements and bugfixes . Highlights in this release include : Accurate buildings from OpenStreetMap , voice synthesis of tutorial instructions , improved rendering of Earth from orbit , and a more realistic blackout/redout system .
Founded in 1997 , FlightGear is developed by a worldwide group of volunteers , brought together by a shared ambition to create the most realistic flight simulator possible that is free to use , modify and distribute . FlightGear is used all over the world by desktop flight simulator enthusiasts , for research in universities and for interactive exhibits in museums .
FlightGear features more than 400 aircraft , a worldwide scenery database , a multiplayer environment , detailed sky modelling , a flexible and open aircraft modelling system , varied networking options , multiple display support , a powerful scripting language and an open architecture . Best of all , being open-source , the simulator is owned by the community and everyone is encouraged to contribute .
Download FlightGear v2017.1 for free from FlightGear.org
FlightGear - Fly Free !
Major enhancements in this release
Core
Support for additional layers of scenery , initially for use by OpenStreetMap buildings .
preferences.xml has been renamed to defaults.xml ( FGData commit 0565ea ) .
Aircraft Modeling
More realistic blackout/redout system based on studies for military training simulations ( FGData commit 52e559 ) .
Improved AI models for a number of aircraft , and AI schedules for an increasing number of airlines .
Atmospheric Light Scattering
New shaders for drag chute animation , allowing to render flexing and deformation under stress .
New `` grain merge '' and Fresnel option for environment reflections on the aircraft fuselage .
Learn more in the Newsletter .
Environment Rendering
For rendering views from orbit , Earthview 2.0 is now available , with support for normal maps , better upper atmosphere edge , cloud relief shader , improved dawn zone , horizon estimation and improved resource management .
Performance
Canvas performance has been improved .
Support for SIMD operations added , improving performance on some architectures .
operations added , improving performance on some architectures . AI performance has been improved .
Usability
Bergen Airport , Flesland ( ENBR ) in Norway is the default airport for this release .
Tutorial instructions are now played through the built-in voice synthesis system , making them easier to follow .
Scenery
Accurate buildings generated through OpenStreetMap are now available via TerraSync . Buildings for the UK , Switzerland and large parts of Scandinavia are available already , with more to be generated in the future .
Improved scenery and terrain for the Azores .
Canvas System
Canvas performance has been improved .
Remote canvas is now available .
Highlighted new and improved aircraft
Bug fixes
Various bug fixes that cause crashes in multiplayer .
See our bugtracker for a list , albeit incomplete , of the bugs fixed in this release .
Changes in 2017.1.2
Change Windows multi-app launch detection from a .pid file to a named mutex .
-- console now works in the launcher .
Changes in 2017.1.3
The three stages of Templeton rye whiskey , from left : fresh from the still , after four months in a barrel and after four years . Kevin E. Schmidt/AP
TEMPLETON , Iowa — Nestled among the rolling hills of corn and soybeans in western Iowa , the tiny town of Templeton is seeing its history of Prohibition-era bootlegging repeating itself .
This time around , Templeton Rye is legal , public and part of a broader craft-distillery trend . And taking the hooch legal is bringing jobs , spinoff businesses and even tourists to this rural German Catholic burg of 362 people .
`` The distillery people came along at a good time , '' said Larry Sporrer , executive vice president of Templeton Savings Bank . `` There 's really a lot of name recognition for Templeton . ''
The Templeton Rye story dates back to Prohibition , when the 18th Amendment to the Constitution banned alcohol in the United States beginning in January 1920 .
Bootleggers sprang up around the country , including in Templeton , population then 373 . Rye whiskey was the hooch of choice , with local general stores selling sheets of copper to build stills , kegs and jugs for aging and distribution , and lots of sugar .
The market for Templeton Rye , known as the good stuff , extended beyond Carroll County to Des Moines , Denver , Chicago and beyond . In fact , the quality of the drink reportedly made it a favorite of Chicago gangster Al Capone .
This news release is available in German .
Are wind farms harmful to humans ? Some believe so , others refute this ; this controversial topic makes emotions run high . To give the debate more objectivity , an international team of experts dealt with the fundamentals of hearing in the lower limit range of the audible frequency range ( i.e . infrasound ) , but also in the upper limit range ( i.e . ultrasound ) . The project , which is part of the European Metrology Research Programme ( EMRP ) , was coordinated by the Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt ( PTB ) . At PTB , not only acoustics experts , but also experts from the fields of biomagnetism ( MEG ) and functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) were involved in the research activities . They have found out that humans can hear sounds lower than had previously been assumed . And the mechanisms of sound perception are much more complex than previously thought . Another vast field of research opens up here in which psychology also has to be taken into account . And there is definitely a need for further research .
If there is a plan to erect a wind turbine in front of someone 's property , many an eager supporter of the `` energy transition '' quickly turns into a wind energy opponent . Fear soon starts spreading : the infrasound generated by the rotor blades and by the wind flow might make someone ill . Many people living in the vicinity of such wind farms do indeed experience sleep disturbances , a decline in performance , and other negative effects . Infrasound designates very low sounds , below the limit of hearing , which is around 16 hertz . The wind energy sector and the authorities often try to appease the situation , declaring that the sounds generated are inaudible and much too weak to be the source of health problems .
Christian Koch knows for sure , `` Neither scaremongering nor refuting everything is of any help in this situation . Instead , we must try to find out more about how sounds in the limit range of hearing are perceived . '' This expert in acoustics from PTB is the manager of the international project in which metrology experts from several metrology institutes and scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Human Development in Berlin investigated the fundamentals of the hearing of `` inaudible '' sounds for 3 years . Very low sounds ( i.e . infrasound , below approx . 16 hertz ) or very high sounds ( i.e . ultrasound , above approx . 16 000 hertz ) occur in numerous situations of daily life : infrasound is not only produced by wind turbines , but also sometimes when a truck thunders past a house , or when a homeowner installs a power generator in their basement . Ultrasound can , for example , originate from commercial ultrasonic cleaning baths that are sometimes used , e.g. , to thoroughly clean a pair of glasses . It can also be generated by a device used as a deterrent against martens ( to keep them from gnawing on the wiring of cars ) . A particular variant of such devices has been developed to keep young people away from certain places - an internationally controversial topic from an ethical viewpoint . These devices , which produce very high-pitched sounds that can only be heard by children and young people , are sometimes used by adults who want to enjoy some peace and quiet . `` In all these areas , we have to deal with considerable levels of loudness in some cases , '' Christian Koch adds .
An audible loud sound may damage hearing - as well as getting on your nerves . But what exactly is an `` audible '' sound ? And what does a human being really hear ? In order to find out more , an infrasonic source which is able to generate sounds that are completely free from harmonics ( which is not as trivial as it may sound ! ) was constructed within the scope of this project . Test persons were asked about their subjective hearing experience , and these ( also quantitative ) statements were then compared by means of imaging procedures , namely by magnetoencephalography ( MEG ) and functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) . The results have shown that humans hear lower sounds - namely from 8 hertz on - which , after all , is a whole octave than had previously been assumed : an excitation of the primary auditory cortex could be detected down to this frequency . All persons concerned explicitly stated that they had heard something - whereby this perception had not always been tonal . In addition , the observations showed a reaction in certain parts of the brain which play a role in emotions . `` This means that a human being has a rather diffuse perception , saying that something is there and that this might involve danger , '' Christian Koch says . `` But we 're actually at the very beginning of our investigations . Further research is urgently needed . '' An application for a follow-up project has already been filed . In this project , the investigations will be focused on the question why some persons feel disturbed by `` inaudible '' sound , whereas others are not even bothered : many a homeowner is left cold by having a wind turbine next to their homes . And we need to take another effect into account : namely , that some people become really ill because they imagine risks which , in reality , might not even exist . This is the reason why it makes sense to involve psychologists as well .
But the researchers see a great need for further research also in the other extreme - the ultrasound . Although the measuring instruments used are among the most precise in the world ( PTB is the world leader , especially for MEG ) , the researchers were not able to measure whether humans can hear above the previously assumed upper threshold of hearing , and if they can , what they then perceive . Since , however , what applies to other ranges , also applies to high-pitched sounds - namely that a very loud sound may damage the hearing - here too , there is a need for further research .
The results of the international research project might lead to the introduction of uniform - and binding - protection provisions for these limit ranges of hearing within Europe , since there have been none to date .
# # #
Contact : Dr. Christian Koch , Department 1.6 Sound , phone : +49 ( 0 ) 531 592-1600 , e-mail : christian.koch @ ptb.de
SHANGHAI -- As shock waves from the credit crisis began to spread around the world last month , China scrambled to protect itself . Among the most extreme measures it took was to impose new export taxes to keep critical supplies such as grains and fertilizer from leaving the country .
About 5,700 miles away , in Nairobi , farmer Stephen Muchiri is suffering the consequences .
It 's planting season now , but they can afford to sow amaranthus and haricot beans on only half of the 10 acres they own because the cost of the fertilizer they need has shot up nearly $ 50 a bag in a matter of weeks . Muchiri said nearly everyone they know is cutting back on planting , which means even less food for a continent where the supply has already been weakened by drought , political unrest and rising prices .
While the world 's attention has been focused on rescuing investment banks and stock markets from collapse , the global food crisis has worsened , a casualty of the growing financial tumult .
Oxfam , the Britain-based aid group , estimates that economic chaos this year has pulled the incomes of an additional 119 million people below the poverty line . Richer countries from the United States to the Persian Gulf are busy helping themselves and have been slow to lend a hand .
The contrast between the rapid-fire reaction by Western authorities to the financial crisis and their comparatively modest response to soaring food prices earlier this year has triggered anger among aid and farming groups .
`` The amount of money used for the bailouts in the U.S. and Europe -- people here are saying that money is enough to feed the poor in Africa for the next three years , '' said Muchiri , head of the Eastern Africa Farmers Federation .
The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that 923 million people were seriously undernourished in 2007 . Its director-general , Jacques Diouf , said in a recent speech that they worry about cuts in aid to agriculture in developing countries . They said they are also concerned by protectionist trade measures intended to counteract the financial turmoil .
Although the price of commodities has come down in the past few months , Diouf said , 36 countries still need emergency assistance for food , and they warned of a looming disaster next year if countries do not make food security a top priority .
`` The global financial crisis should not make us forget the food crisis , '' Diouf said .
Commodity prices have plummeted in recent weeks as investors have shown increasing concern about a global recession and a drop in the demand for goods . Wheat futures for December delivery closed at $ 5.1625 on Friday -- down 62 percent from a record set in February . Corn futures are down 53 percent from their all-time high , and soybean futures are 47 percent lower .
Such declines , while initially welcomed by consumers , could eventually increase deflationary pressures -- lower prices could mean less incentive for farmers to cultivate crops . That , in turn , could exacerbate the global food shortage .
New Jersey and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard -- perfect together ?
A torture session in Iran took a strange turn when an elite police officer told their captive , a Newsweek reporter , that they believed New Jersey must be heaven on earth .
In a television interview to air Sunday at 7 p.m. on the CBS show 60 Minutes , reporter Maziar Bahari , an Iranian-Canadian , recounts the Revolutionary Guard 's obsession with the Garden State .
The guard seemed to believe sex and alcohol can be enjoyed easily in New Jersey .
“ I think the words ‘ New Jersey ' sounded to them like the most American place that you can be in your life , ” said Bahari , who was held captive for 118 days in an Iranian prison .
“ He hated me and they were jealous of me at the same time because I had been to New Jersey . ”
A Minnesota man turkey hunting in Kansas was so sure their buddy was a gobbler that they shot them – twice .
Brian Hansen , of Maple Grove , Minn. , is expected to recover , according to Tony Wolf , of the Geary County Sheriff 's Office .
The shooting happened early Friday morning in a public hunting area by Milford Reservoir near Junction City .
Wolf said Hansen and Terrance Spaeth arrived at their hunting grounds before daylight and split up .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
Eventually Hansen walked back toward Spaeth and was shot when they were about 45 yards from their friend .
“ ( Spaeth ) said they thought they saw a turkey so they fired , ” Wolf said . “ When they saw their friend rolling around on the ground they thought it was a turkey flopping so they shot one more time . When they heard the screams and moans they realized it was n't a turkey . ”
Spaeth , 67 , drove their friend to the hospital . Hansen 's family has requested their medical condition not be released .
Wolf said the hunters had been coming to Kansas for several years to hunt wild turkeys in the spring .
No charges will be filed against Spaeth . Their hometown was n't known .
“ It was just a freak accident , ” Wolf said .
It was an accident that should have been avoided , according to Kent Barrett , Kansas Department of Wildlife , Parks and Tourism hunter education coordinator .
“ It 's inexcusable from the standpoint of what hunter education teaches , ” Barrett said . “ All hunters have the responsibility to identify their target . You have to know exactly what you 're shooting and what 's around it , too . ”
Hunters annually spend about 3 million man-days in the Kansas outdoors .
Last year Barrett said there were 16 accidents . The only fatality happened when a turkey hunter shot themselves in the leg while in their vehicle .
Those numbers are about average for Kansas over the past decade .
“ It 's still very safe out there , ” Barrett said , “ but so many of those accidents could be avoided . ”
Barrett said historically the most common type of accident usually involves a hunter aiming at moving game , like a quail , and not noticing a hunting partner near the bird .
Careless gun handling was to blame for 10 Kansas accidents last year , Barrett said . Several were people shooting themselves in the foot while running with a loaded gun .
The fact that turkey hunters are usually dressed in camouflage to avoid the bird 's keen eyes may contribute to some accidents .
“ That just puts that much more responsibility on the hunter to positively identify the target is a wild turkey , ” Barrett said .
In the springtime , hunters also must make sure a turkey has a beard — a thick , hair-like projection from their chest mainly found on male birds .
Barrett said Friday 's incident was n't the first time someone had mistaken a partner for a turkey and shot them twice .
The other happened last November , at the same public hunting area .
Barrett said three soldiers from Fort Riley were hunting , with one of the hunters walking within heavy brush to flush out birds while their buddies walked in the open nearby .
One of the hunters mistook their friend moving in the brush for a turkey so they shot and knocked them down .
“ He and their buddy were exchanging high-fives that they 'd gotten a turkey , ” Barrett said . “ When they saw ( the wounded hunter ) get up and moving away , they shot them again . ”
He , too , survived .
“ It was the same kind of thing , shooting at movement or shooting at noise , ” Barrett said . “ It 's just unacceptable behavior anytime you have n't properly identified your target . ”
Irene has come and gone , but the power companies might take a week or more to get the lights back on for thousands of households and businesses left in the dark from the powerful storm .
At one point , 672,000 Connecticut Light & Power customers were without power Sunday . As of 3 p.m. on Monday morning , power was back on for thousands of people , but electricity remains out for more than 560,000 as of 4:20 p.m .
United Illuminating had more than 157,000 customers in the dark as well . That number was down . As of 4:15 p.m. , on Monday , power is out for 102,789 . The site is not working , so UI is providing e-mail updates .
`` We could be rebuilding whole sections of the electrical infrastructure , '' CL & P spokesperson Mitch Gross said as the storm was moving through .
Dramatic Photos : The Fury of Irene
CL & P deployed 800 crews on Sunday afternoon to begin the restoration process , but could not put a timetable on how long it would take to turn the lights back on .
Those who have suffered power outages in the past and waited a long time to have the electricity turned back on should expect to wait a long time again , Gov . Dannel Malloy said on Sunday night .
Both CL & P and UI warned people to stay away from downed wires and to assume that those wires are live .
Threads are easy , right ? They are easy to use in Java , so they must be . Let 's see:1
public class MissingSyncExample extends Thread { public void run ( ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < 100_000 ; i++ ) { counter += 1 ; } } }
If we create 10 threads and run them , counter will be 1.000.000 , wo n't it ? No , it wo n't .
Story Time
The other day I was working on a program for parsing log files , analyzing them and storing the results in a database . Because processing my test data took somewhere between 10 and 15 minutes , I decided to split the task into two threads : one thread would parse the log files and another thread would analyze them and put them into the database .
After adding threading , I did some testing and performance actually improved – a little . Only occasionally the program would n't terminate after finishing . When chatting with my boss about it , they said something along the lines of
A programmer had a problem . They thought “ I know , I 'll solve it with threads ! ” . Now they have two problems.2
I did n't agree with them at all . I mean , threads are easy and the bug with non-termination was just a stupid deadlock that was easy to find . But the more I think about it , the more I come to agree with him , that :
Threads are hard
To understand why threads are hard , we 'll first have a look at multitasking . How does an operating system handle running multiple programs ( tasks ) in parallel ? There are two approaches :
Cooperative scheduling : This approach lets every program decide for itself how much CPU time it needs . For example , MS-DOS provided a system call named TSR ( terminate and stay resident ) that allowed programs to pass control back to the OS .
But as the name implies , cooperative scheduling requires all programs to cooperate . Nothing stops a program from consuming all resources without ever allowing other programs to run . This leads us to : Preemptive scheduling : According to this idea , the OS has the power to interrupt any process at any time . A scheduler allows a program to run for a fixed time and then suspends it to run other programs . This is how modern operating systems implement multitasking .
Unlike its cooperative counterpart , preemptive scheduling needs hardware support in the form of a hardware timer that will interrupt the currently running process and pass control to the OS by calling its interrupt handler . That way , the OS can enforce the time limit it calculated for the currently running process .
What does this have to do with threads ? Basically , multithreading allows a program to run multiple instances in the same memory context . The OS keeps track of all threads and schedules them appropriately along with all other processes .
And this is , where the troubles begin . The OS does n't care about the current state of the program when it takes control . When dissecting the introductory Java example , we notice that incrementing counter consists of three steps :
Read the current value of counter from main memory into a processor register . Increment the current value . Write the incremented value into counter into main memory .
Say we have two threads that both increase counter . Thread 1 has just read the value , when the OS passes control to Thread 2 which also reads the value . It increments the counter and writes it back . Now it 's the turn of Thread 1 , which also increments the value and writes it . But in total , the counter has not been incremented two times , but one time . We 've encountered a race condition .
Thread 1 Thread 2 Main memory ( 1 ) Read , counter = 0 Suspended counter = 0 Suspended , counter = 0 ( 1 ) Read , counter = 0 counter = 0 Suspended , counter = 0 ( 2 ) Increment , counter = 1 counter = 0 Suspended , counter = 0 ( 3 ) Write , counter = 1 counter = 1 ( 2 ) Increment , counter = 1 Suspended , counter = 1 counter = 1 ( 3 ) Write , counter = 1 Suspended , counter = 1 counter = 1
To fix our buggy example we have to use locks making the whole operation effectively atomic:3
public void run ( ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < 100_000 ; i++ ) { synchronized ( lock ) { counter += 1 ; } } }
Using a lock solves this particular problem , but if used wrongly , can introduce a whole other class of bugs : Deadlocks . It 's the situation when several threads wait for each other , blocking each other forever . All in all , using threads is not only hard to get right , but can lead to very subtle bugs . Quoting a paper on this topic :
[ Threads ] discard the most essential and appealing properties of sequential computation : understandability , predictability , and determinism . Threads , as a model of computation , are wildly non-deterministic , and the job of the programmer becomes one of pruning that nondeterminism . The Problem with Threads , Edward A. Lee
If threads are that hard , why use them at all ?
Threads are useful
To explain why threads are useful , we 'll use an analogy : Let 's say you are a computer . Your brain is the CPU and interacting with the world around you is I/O . Actually , you 're a single-core computer as your brain can only concentrate on one task at once .
Now there are tasks where the limiting factor is the capacity and speed of your brain , for example math homework . Improving your brain power will lead to better and faster results . We 'll call these tasks CPU-bound . For other tasks , the limiting factor is the world around you , like cooking or waiting for the bus . Here , improving brain power does n't help because the performance depends on the world around you . We 'll call these tasks I/O-bound .
Here multithreading comes in . Say you want to cook dinner . Now , you can process the recipe in strictly sequential order . That 's what a single-threaded program would do . This , of course , involves a lot of waiting : Waiting for the water to boil , waiting for the food to cook through . But instead of waiting , it would be better to do other tasks like preparing the ingredients or setting the table . In other words , you make use of multithreading .
It 's worth mentioning that on singe-core computers multithreading improves I/O-bound tasks , but not of CPU-bound tasks . If you think about it , it 's quite obvious : When working on your math homework , there is no waiting you could use for other tasks . On the contrary , if you randomly jump between tasks , your productivity will suffer from the context switches .
The case of math homework changes , if you ask a friend to solve some of the tasks for you . This way , solving your homework becomes much faster . Looking at computers , this corresponds to multi-core computers where the performance of CPU-bound tasks improves with multithreading because multiple cores can solve different subtasks simultaneously .
What 's the point ? The takeaway from our analogy is that on single-core computers multithreading can improve I/O-bound applications , while on multi-core computers both I/O-bound and CPU-bound applications can profit .
Bottom line
Seems like threads turn out to be hard , but pretty useful too . What can we say , whether to use threads or not ? Here 's what I consider important :
Know , what you 're doing . Do n't blindly apply tweaks and hacks , you 'll propably regret that later . Instead , collect evidence ( by benchmarking ) of what will actually improve your application . Estimate the costs beforehand . In general , multithreading requires careful design and a lot of thought to get right . Make sure that the gains outweigh the downsides .
Further reading
If you want to dig deeper into the subjects that have been touched , here are some great resources :
